HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, December 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to your consideration a statement of the information received at this office this 31st day of December, 1864:

Missouri: A report from Major O. P. Newberry, Salem, Mo., December 18, 1864, states that one Sim. Richardson, a former resident of that place, has a squad of about twelve men committing depredations under the protection of the rebel authorities, who assist them in evading capture. It is rumored that Colonel Freeman's command is back in its old range on White River, Eleven Points, and Calico Rock, camped in different parties and places. General Price is said to have sent all his troops to their old stations.

Louisiana: A report from Captain F. H. Man, Morganza, La., December 24, represents that the First and Third Louisiana Cavalry (rebel), previously stationed at Clinton, La., left that place about the 3rd of December, 1864 - the First going to Holly Springs, Miss., with Colonel Scott, who is said to have since returned; the Third to Jackson, Miss., with Brigadier-General Hodge. Scattered parties of rebels are reported gathering in the crops along and beyond the Atchafalaya River.

A communication from N. Porter, clerk, special scouts, Natchez, Miss., December 24, embraces information from an officer of the gun-boat Forest Rose, stationed near Saint Joseph, La., to the effect that Lieutenant W. P. Knowles, commanding special scouts, landed at that place December 23 with twenty-six men, and proceeding a short distance into the country captured a large Confederate mail, several prisoners, &amp;c., which was placed on the steamer Mustang. They then went on shore, giving directions that the boat should meet them opposite Bruinsburg. About 1 p. m. they were attacked by about 200 cavalry, whom they fought until 5 p. m. Seventeen of the scouts are said to have reached the boat, having fought their way eight or ten miles after they were first assailed. General Wirt Adams is said to be at Fayette with quite a strong force, expecting our troops at Natchez, Miss., to make a raid in that direction.

F. W. MARSTON,

Major and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., December 31, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER, Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 20th instant, received by flag of truce last evening, I inclose a report with reference to Doctor Killian. He is at liberty at his home and free to go where he pleases. The complaint made by certain prisoners of war, and referred to in your letter, I have had investigated and find that the complaint is unfounded. The prisoners are well cared for and made as comfortable as circumstances will permit. The blind girl will be received and sent to an asylum. The other persons accompanying the flag cannot be admitted. The family of Colonel Shaver return with the flag of truce.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

