
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., December 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel I. W. FULLER,

Lewisburg:

The force mentioned in your telegram of to-day to General Carr, according to our information here, is probably the same force that was reported a few days since as on a foraging expedition. We will, however, have forces ready to move from Brownsville. Try to ascertain with some certainty their strength and make frequent reports to these headquarters direct. If attacked hold on till the last. You will be re-enforced. Send word to General Thayer as often as you can with safety.

By order of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

W. D. GREEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, December 31, 1864.

(Received 12.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON;

A demonstration from your post toward Monticello will be ordered in the course of a week. You will only have the Seventh and Thirteenth Illinois. The First Indiana and Ninth Kansas are ordered away. How many cavalry can you march for the purpose indicated?

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 246. Saint Louis, Mo., December 31, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Rolla, Mo. He will assume command immediately.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, December 31, 1864-11.50 a. m.

General EWING:

I sent Captain Leeper and thirty men with Captain Smith, of the Seventh Kansas, from Patterson toward the Arkansas line on the 27th. Major Robbins started from Cape Girardeau some days ago with a force of cavalry in search of Reves' guerrillas. I have talked him a number of persons from Northern Arkansas lately, some of them from Strawberry. They all state there was no force there up to December 18, but that there was an order for all commissioned officers to get near Pocahontas ont he 19th, and the general understanding was that the troops were all to be ordered into camp immediately. Colonels McCray, Reves, Freeman, and Johnson were all in Northeastern Arkansas, but had no considerable number of troops collected before the 18th. I will keep scouts out in that direction. When Captain Leeper returns I will give all information obtained by him.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

