
mination of facts. A shifts of troops so as to put officers and men out of their own home localities would greatly improve my command, and I wish especially that some of my Kansas regiments may be sent to the front and troops of other States sent to me. I have ordered the Eleventh Kansas to Colorado, far enough from their homes, but the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Kansas might well be changed. The First Colorado, the Third Colorado, and many companies of other regiments have to be mustered out under the provisions of Circular Numbers 36. I am also informed that Fort Smith and Fayetteville, in the Department of Kansas, are being evacuated. Fort Gibson, in the same department, is garrisoned with dismounted Indian troops, so that my southern border is more exposed than formerly. The Indians on the plains continue to act in bands of 50 or 100 at various points, and I desire to make new efforts to crush them during the latter part of winter. Under these circumstances I feel it my duty to urge the sending of more troops of other States to aid in keeping open the overland lines, escort trains, put down the Indians, and strengthen the defenses which overlook the enemy's approaches from Texas.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 42. Fort Riley, Kans., December 31, 1864.

* * * * *

7. Company D, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Riley, Kans. The commanding officer will report in person to these headquarters for orders.

8. Company F, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Riley, Kans. The commanding officer will report in person to these headquarters for orders.

* * * * *

13. Major E. W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Riley, Kans., and will proceed without delay to Fort Lyon, Colo. Terr., and upon his arrival at that post will assume command. Major E. W. Wynkoop, upon his arrival at Fort Lyon, will make a thorough investigation of the recent operations against the Indians in that part of the District of Upper Arkansas, and make a detailed report of the same to these headquarters, with as little delay as possible.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Fort Sumner, N. Mex., December 31, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Bascom, N. Mex.:

SIR: Orders were sent to Santa Fe for Major McCleave to come to Fort Sumner; for Captain Fritz to return to his post; for Captain Witham with his men to return to La Cruces, via Forts Sumner and

