HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., October 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Salina, Kans.:

SIR: It is reported at these headquarters that the Kaw Indians are becoming very troublesome to the settlers on and in the vicinity of Lyon's Creek. You will immediately send a small party (ten to twelve men) to scout through that vicinity and learn the true state of such reports. If it be found to be true, you will station a small party at some point in the immediately vicinity of the trouble, so that the fears of the settlers may be allayed, and that they may be free to follow their avocations without fear of danger to either life or property. You will report your action in the matter to these headquarters.

A. HELLIWELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT UNION, N. MEX., October 18, 1864.

General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant.* It is impossible to state the exact number of the Utes and Apaches who will accompany me on the expedition against the Kiowas and Comanches. There are now at Maxwell's Ranch about 250 warriors (Utes and Apaches), and I think I am safe in saying that 100 of this number will accompany me. At the same time I received your letter I received one from Captain Bell, chief commissary of subsistence, dated October 14, and in which the ration to be issued was fixed at one and one-half pounds of meat and one pound of breadstuff per day to each Indian. I have issued to 100 Indians, as directed in the letter of the chief commissary of subsistence. I issued to 100 after I had satisfied myself that about that number would accompany me. More would go if they could be satisfied that their families would be fed during their absence. Their families are destitute, and unless some provision is made for them during the absence of their heads I am of opinion that those who accompany me will not remain in the field for a great length of time. I would suggest that the families of those who accompany me be fed at Maxwell's (if only flour) for the time the Indians remain with me. I have as yet received no guns, ammunition, blankets, and shirts. As the Indians will not come this way, I will wait here and obtain your order for these articles and take them to Maxwell's with me and issue them there to the Indians who accompany me. I will then take the Indians across the country from Maxwell's to Fort Bascom, and meet the command organized from this post at that point, where active operations can commence. I am not informed as yet what troops are to form my command. This I would like very much to know, and it is important that I should know it as soon as practicable, in order that I may properly organize the staff departments of the expedition. I will require an officer to assist me in organizing and issuing to the Indians at Maxwell's, and, unless otherwise directed, I shall take Lieutenant Haberkorn, from Captain Baca's company, to accompany me to Maxwell's and

---------------

*See Part III, p. 877.

---------------

