
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, October 16, 1864.

Major-General WHARTON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to inclose to you communications* from Colonel W. H. Parsons, and to suggest to you that Colonel Parsons should proceed to take command of the forces to protect the arms, giving notice of this movement to the commanding officer at Mount Elba. Should Colonel Parsons have any artillery he might be directed to order one section to Mount Elba and to take the rest with him unless Harrison has artillery. The major-general commanding also suggests that the commanding officer at Mount Elba be instructed to call on Colonel Logan for such re-enforcements as he may require if attacked. Colonel Parsons, it is supposed, has already relived McNeill's regiment, of Harrison's brigade, and sent it to Colonel Harrison, and has also sent one of his own regiments to be relief of Colonel Harrison. Colonel Parsons should assume command of the troops to protect and secure the arms, and Colonel Harrison's brigade must be retained. The order directing it to proceed to Louisiana must be suspended until the arms are safely brought it. Colonel Parsons has been several times instructed from these headquarters to report through you. Will you be kind enough to repeat the instructions from your headquarters. Should it be possible to save the tobacco brought over under orders of General Hindman (if Government tobacco), an effort should be made to do so. A dispatch just received from Colonel Logan states that the cavalry which went from Little Rock to Pine Bluff has returned to Little Rock. Hence Mount Elba will be comparatively free from attack.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. P. TURNER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 58. Camden, October 16, 1864.

I. The attention of the several commissaries of subsistence of this division is called to section 2 of General Orders, Numbers 95, date November 25, series of 1862, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Department:

SEC. 2. Commissaries of subsistence will transfer, for the purchase of necessary supplies for the sick and wounded, to the medical officer in charge of a hospital (taking duplicate receipts therefor) such portions of the hospital fund as may be demanded on requisition.

II. Attention is also called to section 5 of same order:

SEC. 5. When a hospital fund shall exceed $5,000 the commissary of subsistence having the fund in hand will deposit such excess in the treasury of the Confederate States or other place of deposit where Government moneys are kept, to be liable to draft as other public moneys are. Commissaries will account for hospital funds on their monthly abstracts and summary statements.

III. The commuted value of rations for sick and wounded in hospital, as recommended in General Orders, Numbers 62, paragraph II, date May 16, series of 1863, is $1.25. The above will be complied with in accordance with orders from the War Department.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

