SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 94. Camden, October 16, 1864.

I. Lieutenant William M. Cravens, Cravens' regiment, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with paragraph IX, Special Orders 288, District of Arkansas, will report immediately to Brigadier-General McNair for assignment with his brigade.

II. Major Trotter, Nineteenth Regiment Arkansas Infantry, will report to Colonel Williams every morning at sunrise until further orders at the Lone Pine Ferry, as assistant in charge of the details at work upon the fortifications.

III. Brigade commanders will each furnish daily one sergeant to take charge of the ten men with axes ordered to report to Colonel Williams by paragraph VIII, Special Orders 93, from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. N., October 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: The mail this morning brought a letter to a member of my staff from which he has made extracts herewith inclosed. The writer, whose name for prudential reasons is withheld, is a lady of the highest respectability and standing. The letter was written just outside the Yankee picket-lines, and hence did not have to be inspected. As here statements are new to me and important, I thought it best to forward.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General.

I received a letter this morning written by Major Turner, assistant adjutant-general, by direction of General Magruder, dated 13th instant, inviting me to a conference, if I could possibly spare the time, at Washington, at such time as I might designate, intimating that General Smith would probably be in attendance. I caused a reply to be prepared, stating that from various causes I could not now fix a time. The withdrawal of Gano's brigade requires a new arrangement on the left. I want to see Watie's expedition off and I am invited and desire to attend a general grand council of all the nations and tribes on the 1st proximo, and I want to have Gano's brigade settled down, cantonments constructed, horses recruited, &amp;c., and cantonments, if I can get axes, for the Indian division. Should it be important, however, and General Smith desires it, I will meet him or General Magruder, or both, any time and at any place suggested.

MAXEY.

A lady writes from Pine Bluff, September 18, 1864:

I have thought the Confederates would have occupied this country long before this, and cannot see what kept them from it, if they had one-third of the men they are reported to have. There is much talk of evacuating this place; provisions are very scarce and the river is very low; White River, is also low. Wagon trains will

