1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Feather*ton, Filch, Fuller,Gerry,
Gorman, Il'tll, Hamilton, Haral^oji, Harlan, fMium G Harri.*-,
Sainton W. Harris Th"« stx L. H irri.- , Htbtoard, Htlliard,
Holland, IIoll iday. Howard, Huhhard, frtgf , Joseph W.
Jackson, Aii'}r**w Jonn<« ri, Jonev. Julian, Kaufman. Pres-
ton Kniir, La '•We, LittlefiHd, Job Mann, Ma-on,
McOlprnaud M- D maid, McLanahan, Rob^ri M. McLane,
McMuilt'ri, Mc&men, M«;ade. Millar, Mill-'on, Morris,
Morton, Olds, Orr, Pea^U-e, Pbelp.=, Potter, Richardson,
Rom, SrtvvtellH, S«'dti"n, Richard H. Stanfon, Alexander H
$f-pht*nu, s5w<'et<er, Thomas*, Jacob Thompson, W lham
Thompson, Toowb*,; Venable, Waldo, Wallace, WVnt-
worrh, WhiUie-ey, WHdric-k, Wood, and Woodward—83.
NAYS—M^rft Aw'xandw, Anderson, Raker, Benn"tt,
Brie'.'-;, Brooks, Rtirrfrtv-, Chester Buller, Thoma< B. Butler,
E. <J;irrm«tori rah^ Joseph P Caldwell, Calving Camp-
bell, C<u «-y, Chandler, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin,
Orow -ll, Deb'rry, Dujfr, Duncan, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
G'-ufrv, G ut, Gould, Kalloway, Hampton, Hay, Raymond,
H^b-ird. H<*nrv, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr,
Daniel 1'. Kin«, Gfowe G. Kins, James G. Kitur, John A.
Kine, Levi ii. Horace Mann, Mar-hall,Matte! on,McGHHehey,
MWvi-^ock, Meachnify Moore, Moorelvad^'H-on. Newell,
Oite, 0?N, Outlaw^Phceriix, Pitman, Putnam. Reed, Rev-
nol 1<, Ri-|f>v, ftohbigs, Jtosip, Rum^ev. Sackett. Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Sitve^te# Sprat'tie, Stanlv, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Tuck, UiideihiH, Van Djke, Vintou, Watkins,
Williams, and Wiutlirop—BO.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the ta-
ble and the reference otands.
Mr. RUMSEY withdrew the motion he had
previously made to reconsider the vote by which
the bill reported from the Committee on Commerce j
relative to reciprocal duties was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
RECIPROCITY ♦
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States;
which was read as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I herewith transmit to the House of Representa-
tives, copies of a correspondence between the De-
partment of State and the British Legation in this
city, relative to the reciprocal admission of the
natural products of the United States and Canada,
free of duty, into the territories of both countries.
It will be seen by the accompanying documents
that the late Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mended, in his correspondence with the Committee
on Commerce in the House of Representatives,
reciprocal free trade in the natural products of the
United States and Canada; that in March and
June, 1849, a correspondence was opened between
the Brnish Charge d'Affaires then residing in
Washington and the Secretary of State, upon the
subject of a commercial convention or treaty, to
carry out the views of her Majesty's Government
in relation thereto, and that^he proposition for
such a convention or treaty was declined on the
part of the American Government, for reasons
which are fully set forth in the note of the Secre-
tary of State to Mr. Crampton, of the 26th of June
last. During the negotiations connected with this
correspondence, not considering; the markets of
Canada as an equivalent for those of the United
States, I directed the Secretary of State to inquire
what other benefits of trade and commerce would
be yielded by the British authorities in connection
with such a measure; and particularly, whether
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence would be
conceded to us. That subject has accordingly been
presented to the British Government, and the result
was communicated bv her Majesty's Minister in
Washington on the 27th of March last, in reply to
a note from the Secretary of State, of the 26th of
that month. From these papers it will be per-
ceived that the navigation of the St. Lawrence and
of the canals connecting it with the western lakes,
will be opened to the citizens of the United States
in the event that the bill referred to in the corre-
spondence, providing for the admission of their
natural products,should become a law. The whole
subject is now submitted to the consideration of
Conwres^; and especially, whether the concession
proposed by Great Britain is an equivalent for the
reciprocity desired by her. Z. TAYLOR.
Washington*, May 7, 1850.
The message having been read,
Mr. McCLERN" AND remarked, that the sub-
ject to which this message referred had been com-
mitted to the Committee of the .Whole on the state :
of the Union, with the reciprocity bill. He moved
that the message and accompanying correspond-
ence receive a similar reference.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Believing
that the whole day will be occupied with the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table, I
move that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for the fur
ther consideration cf the California message. The
time for the termination of the debate is fixed
by a majority of the House.
Mr. BURlV Are all the bills on the Speaker's
table referred?
The SPEAKER replied that they were not.
Mr. BURT said, he hoped the House would
not go into committee until they were all disposed
of by appropriate reference.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was willing that the
bills should be referred; but the whole day was
lik'y to be occupied in the matter, and the bill
which the gentleman from South Carolina desired
to he referred might not be reached.
The question was taken on going into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
rejected.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House two
communications from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 6th instant, a copy of the instruc-
tions of that Department to John Monroe, brevet-
colonel in the United States Army, touching the
claim of Texas to a portion of the territory of New
Mexico; the order issued by said Monroe on the
12rh of March last, at Santa Fe, and his report to
the department in regard tohisaction; which com-
munications were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting a report and map recently re-
ceived by the Colonel of Topographical Engineers,
of the reconnoissance made by Lieutenant Msch-
er, of that corps, of the country between the Red
river and the Rio Pecos; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House ot Representatives of July 10,
1832, a report of the condition of the banks of the
United States, on the 1st of January, 3850.
Mr. SACKETT moved that the communication
be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. SACKETT also moved the printing of
5,000 extra copies.
Mr. CONGER desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether this communication had been
sent in under a provision of law, or in answer to a
call of the House for information ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the communication had been transmitted in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of the 10th
July, 1832. Under that resolution, communica-
tions of this character had been annually made.
Mr. CONGER suggested to his colleague, [Mr. ij
Sackett,] to move the printing of 10,000 extra j(
copies. i;
Mr. SACKETT designated 5,000. ]>
The communication was then laid on the ta- |;
ble and ordered to be-primed. |!
And the motion to print an extra number of ;!
copies was referred to the Committee on Printing, j,
GEOLOGICAL REPORT. i!
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a ;|
communication from the department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, covering the
I report of Messrs. Foster and Whitney, United
I States Geologists, upon the copper lands of Lake
Superior land district, Michigan. ;
Mr. CROW ELL moved that the communica- ;
tion be laid upon the table and printed.
The SPEAKER suggested that a more appro- j
priate disposition of the communication would be, j
to refer it to the Committee on Public Lands. ;
Mr. CROWELL made that motion.
Mr. CONGER said, this was a document of~j
great interest—called for in almost every section
of the country; and as it was one of which extra 1
copies were as much in demand as they were of
any document that was printed, he wouid move .
that ten thousand extra copies be printed. ;
The communication was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed, i
And the motion to print extra copies was referred j
to the Committee on Public Printing.
DEPOSITS IN THE MTNT. .
The bill of the House, which had been returned j
from the Senate with an amendment, enlitled "An ]
act supplementary to an act entitled an 1 Actes- j
tablishing the mint, and regulating the value of the"
coin of the United States,"' came up in order.
Mr. PHCENIX expressed the hope that the bill
would he put upon its passage.
Mr. BAYLY expressed a similar hope. ,
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sea-
ate will be reported to the H/ouse.
The amendment was read. It was, in effect,to,
empower the President of the United States, when
the state of the Treasury admitted of it, f©«dtrecfc
a transfer to be made of such sum or suras of
money as might be necessary, to pay tofdepositotss5
the value of the bullion deposited by themr- fojr..
coinage.
The amendment of the Senate having been read-
Mr. BAYLY said he presumed that the neces-
sity for the passage of this bill was understood by-
most of the members of the House. But that its
object might not be misunderstood by any, he
would state that the quantity of gold going, into
the mint was such, that it was impossible for-the
coinage lo keep pace with the bullion deposited.
The bill authorized the President of the U-rrited
States, so long as there were funds in the Treasury
which ^ould be conveniently appropriated, to be
advanced to depositors. No inconvenience to the
Treasury could result, whilst the arrangement
would be attended with very great convenience to
the depositors of gold. He conceived that there
could be no objection to the bill, and hoped fchit
the House would sustain him in his demand for
the previous question.
There was a second. The main question (on
concutrmg in the amendment of the Senate) was
ordered, and being taken, the amendment was
concurred in.
So the bill was finally ]
THE CENSUS BILL.
The bill to provide for the taking of the seventh
census of the United States came up.
This bill had been returned ,from the Senate,
with sundry amendments madeT>y that body to
the amendment of the House.
Mr. MEADE moved that the bill and amend-
ments be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Ordered accordingly.
UNITED STATES COURTS.
Senate bill entitled an act ta provide for holding
the courts of the United States m case of the sick-
ness or other disability of the judges of the dis-
trict courts, coming up in order was read a first
and second time by its title with a view to Its refer-
ence.
Mr. BROOKS hoped, he said, there would be
no objection to putting his bill on its passage.
The bill provides (Mr. B. continued) that in case
of sickness or other disability of any - district
judge of any judical district of the Lnited State®,
which shall prevent him from holding any stated
term, it shall be lawful for the circuit judge to
designate the judge of any other judicial district
of the United States to do his business. I arc*
anxious for its immediate passage bemuse of the
state of public business in the city of New York.
The district fudge there is broken down by hard
work, while "the judges in Connecticut and Ver-'
mont who have no great amount of labor, would
be happy to supply his place. In the city of New
York from the close connection of its business
with ail parts of the Union, an immense amount
of judicial business accumulates, in which New-
Orleans, and Mobile, and Charleston may be as
much interested as New York. The consequence
is that from severe labor, which has riot beea
shunned, the health of Judge Beit has given out.
I trust, therefore, that there will be no objection to
its immediate passage. -
Mi*. JONES. 1 move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, it contains, I
think, a very important provision, extending not
only to New York, but to all the judges and courts
of the country. Surely the subject ought to go
to a committee, that they may investigate it and
report to this House as to the necessity for the
oassage of such a bill.
' Mr. BROOKS. I certainly cannot^ insist upon
my motion to put the bill upon Us passage at this
ume, if the Committee on the Judiciary Miallclaira
the reference.
Mr. MEADE was understood to say, that he
believed the question embraced in this .bill was
before the Committee on the Judici^r^; and he
