1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
moved that the bill be referred to that committee, •
and be printed. i
Mr. BROOKS said, he would then content him- !
seir "with expressing the hone that the bill, if so I
referred, would receivc the immediate attention of ;
the committee. j
Mr. ANDREWS desired to offer an amendment ;
to the b'll !
The SPEAKER said, no amendment was now ,
in order. [
Mr. ANDREWS asked that the amendment j
which he desired to oiler might be read for inform- '
ation. i
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BROOKS said, he must object.
So the amendment was not read.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Meade, and decided in the affirmative, with-
out a division.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate, coming up
in their order, were severally read a first and sec-
ond time by their titles, and referred, as indicated
below, viz:
An act to increase the rank and file of the army,
and to encourage enlistments. Referred to the ;
Committee on Military Affairs 1
An act to authorize (he negotiation of treaties !
with the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, j
for the extinguishment of their claims to land lying 1
west of the Cascade Mountains, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HALL said, the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, which had had this matier under considera-
tion, reported a biU, which had been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Such being: the case, he saw no necessity for the
commitment of tlys bill to the Indian Committee.
He therefore moved its reference to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
motion was agreed to.
An act to enable the Piesident of the United
States to negotiate with the Indians of the Prairies
south and west of the Missouri river to the north
line of the State of Texas, embracing the Indians
of the mountains, and including thoi?e of northern
Mexico. On motion by Mr. HALL, referred to
the Committee on Indiun Affairs and ordeied to be
printed.
An act granting the right of way and making a
grant of land to the States of Illinois, Mississippi,
and Alabama, in aid of the construction of a rail-
road from Chicago to Mobile. On motion by Mi.
McCLERNAND, refeued to the Committee on
Public Lands and ordered to be printed.
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
cause to be paid to Captain George E McCleilan,
his officers and men, composing his company of
mounted volunteers, full pay for services rendeied,
subsistence and forage furnished in East Florida,
in the year 1840. Referred to the Committee on
Military Afiairs.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. MEADE moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which, on his own motion, the bill to pro-
vide for taking the seventh census of the United
St-ttes had been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciarv.
Mr. M. was understood to say (though quite
doubtfully heaid) that his object in making this
motion wps, m ease it should prevail, to move for
the appointment of a committee of conference. H
was very important that the bill phonl-l be acted
upon without delay. And there wes also another
reason why a committee of conference should be
appointed. He had looked about him, since ma-
king his motion to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and had found that the members
of that Committee were for the most part absent.
He did not believe that a quorum of the Commit-
tee was in the ciiy of Washington, or would be
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER stated the motion.
Mr, BOWL IN" made an inquiry of the Choir.
The SPEAKER stated that it was usual for the
House to act upon the amendments before the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference. Cut, by
unanimous consent, the House might proceed in
this way.
Mr. MEADE was understood to say, that if the
motion to reconsider should be agreed to, he
would then move that the House insist on its
amendments.
Mr. SACKETT, (to the Speaker.) Will the
motion to reconsider leave the bill before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand what the inquiry of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sackktt] is. The House will
come to order. It is impossible for the Chair to
hear the inquiries of members whilst there is so
i much conversation in the Hsll. The gentleman
from New York will state his question.
Mr. SACKETT. If the motion to reconsider
is agreed to, will the bill be in the possession of
1 the House so as to be put upon its passage ?
| The SPEAKER. If the vote should be recon-
1 sidered, the bill will be before the House for its
: action.
| The question, Shall the vote by which the said
bill was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
; ciary be reconsidered? was then taken, and de-
; cided in the affirmative, without a division.
So the vote was reconsidered.
! Mr. MEADE now moved that the House in-
, sist upon its amendments, and disagree to the
amendments of the Senate; and he asked that a
committee of conference might be appointed on the,
■ part of the House, to meet a similar committee
I which might be appointed on behalf of the Senate.
The SPEAKER put the question, and stated
that the motion was agreed to.
j But a division was called for.
; The SPEAKER. It a division is called for,
i the House must proceed in a more regular man*
i ner.
I Mr. VINTON was understood to suggest, that
j there were several of the amendments which might
j not be objected to by the House. He suggested
j that the House should first act on the amend-
! ments, and that a committee of conference should
then be appointed on such amendments as might
i not be agreed to.
! Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired of the
1 Speaker whether the bill was now before the
i House?
The SPEAKER said it was.
| Mr. HARRIS hoped, he said, that the amend-
1 ments would be read.
The SPEAKER. A division has been called
for on the motion of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Meade.] The amendments must, therefore,
, be read m their regular oider. The usual mode is to
act upon the amendments in the first instance, and
j then to cali for a committee of confetence on the
disagreeing votes between the two Houses. The
; House, if it pleases, can waive action on the
: amendments, and ask for a committee of confer-
i ence; or, it can go on and dispose of the amend-
: ments first,
M.\ STEPHENS, of Georgia, insisted on the
: regular order of proceeding.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire
! to make one remark. J think the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] is mistaken in supposing1
that a majority of the Committee on the Judiciary
h not present. When I voted on the motion to
; reconsider, I thought there was great force in the
gentleman's remarks. I have since learned that
f there are a great many amendments, and it is
: proper that thty should be examined. If is an
1 important hill, and I do not wish that any amend-
| merits should be either agieed to or rejected with-
i out proper consideration. I hope the bill will go
, to the committee. I do not wish to delay action
upon it for an hour. But by sending it to the
1 committee, we. shall be able to understand what
the points of difference are. The House may,
perhaps, think proper now to appoint a committee
of conference. If so, I hope that a vote will he
taken in dissent to all the amendments, that they
; might be the subject-matter of deliberation before
the comm.ttee of conference. If this is not dons,
I hope that the House will send the bill to the
j commitep, and let the amendments be examined.
! The SPEAKER. The vote by which the bill
; was refeired to the Committee on the Judiciary
has been reconsidered. Cut the Chair did not
stnte that the question then recurred on referring
, the bill to that committee. That is now the
: pending question.
I Mr. SCHEiNCK thought that the mode which
j had been suggested, that the Hou?e should agree
1 to such amendments as it thought proper, and dis-
agree to such as it might not think proper to
adopt, would be the best and most expeditious
mode of proceeding. The bill had already been
under the consideration of the Committee on the
Judiciary. That committee had reported the re-
sult of their labors to the House, and the House
had acted upon their report. In fact, the House
had actually now before them the report of their
own committee. That report embodied numer-
ous amendments to the bill sent from the Senate.
The Senate disagreed to a number of these amend-
ments. Their disagreement had come back to
this House. Probably, they had disagreed to
some amendments which it might be immaterial
to insist upon, and disagreed to others which the
House might think ought to be insisted upon.
Believing this to be the state of facts, and that no
good could be accomplished by the reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary a second time, he
should vote to sustain the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,) and as he
(Mr. S.) had offered no argument, and had made
no speech, he would call the previous question.
But Mr. S. waived the motion at the request of
Mr. JONES, who (referring to the character of the
amendments returned from the Senate) expressed
the opinion that a vote should first be taken on
concurring or non-concurring in these amend-
ments, before the appointment of a committee of
conference.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to correct a misappre-
hension of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] in regard to the amendments. Mr. S.
then said that he would not demand the previous
question, but hoped the gentleman fiom Virginia
[Mr. Meade] would do so.
Mr. MEADE said he would simply state to the
House that it was very important that the census
bill, be parsed this week If it were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, which metto-morrow
morning, before it could be leported back, the
Senate would have adjourned to Monday; the
bill, therefore, would not pass this week. It was
very essential that it should pass this week, in
order that the forms required might be printed as
soon as possible. For this reason he hoped that
his motion would be sustained, and that the bill
would not be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. He moved the previous question.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the mam question was ordered, be-
ing first on referring the amendments to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to refer the amendments.
Tha question now recurred on agreeing to the
amendments of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. M EADE, the House insisted
upon us amendment to strike from the first section
of the bill the following words, viz:
Also the statistics of acncultnre when the annual product
of the Jaim not equal to om- hundred and fill) dollars;
nl«o, the Mafifti<"< of othet productive industry where ihe
annual product of the et-tablbhmenl, exclusive of domestic
manufactures in families, is not equal to five hundred dol
On motion by Mr. MEADE, the House receded
from its amendment, substituting for the eighth
section of the said bill the following, viz:
That any marshal of the United Slates a may in case of
sickness or othei disability, appoint a deputy marshal tor
the special puipoM^ ot tins act, subject to the appioval of
the SecieUry ot the Interior, who s-hall have all the povvois,
perforin ali the duties, and be subject to all tht penalties of
the said maishuJ."
The Plouse receded from its amendment to the
thirteenth section, fixing the mode of compensation
to the marshals.
Mr. MEADE moved that the House recede
from its amendment sinking out the twenty-third
section of the bill.
The question was put and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
On motion, the House then insisted upon its
amendment striking out the twenty-third section,
which is as follows:
[Pfc. 23. be it further enacted, That whenever a
marshal Miall certify that an a^-i^tnnt has completed to hw
.■satisfaction, ai-d made return of the sub-divi-ion confided
to him, ar.d -hull also certitj the amount ot compens-ahon to
\vhir h, under the provisions of thi* act, =ur h ar-i^tant is en-
tiih"l, deMirn.Vuiii how much for each kmd of ?ervic<, the
Set ichm of the lntfnoi sliaU theieupou cause one-half of
the Miin >o due to lie p.udto such assistant, and w hen the re
have h >en eatefully examined for ciat-t-ifi ation, if
found executed m a manner satisfactory, then he shall also
eau^e the other half to be paid. And lie shall make pay-
