1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
merits in the manner and upon like conditions to the several
marshals for th< if services.]
On motion by Mr. SCHENCK, the House in-
sisted upon its amendments to the schedules two,
three, four, five, and six.
The House then concurred in the amendments
of the Senate to the amendment of the House fix-
ing the number of Representatives at 233.
The amendments having all been acted on.
Mr. OT(3 suggested the importance of the bill
being passed at as early a day as possible. He
believed the principal part of the amendments of
the Senate had been concurred in; and as the bill
was nearly matured, and there were only some
very slight amendments of the Senate that were
not concurred in, he trusted the House would 
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated to the
gentleman, that the amendments had all passed
from before the House. Some of the amendments
of the Senate having: been concurred, and others
non-concurred in. " The question was now on the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Meade,] to appoint a committee of conference.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
fimative.
So a committee of conference was ordered to
be appointed on the part of the House.
PRIVATE CLAIMS A BOARD.
The next bill was a bill from the Senate to es-
tablish a Boaid of Accounts.
Mr. BAYLY moved to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. THOMAS stated that the subject had
usually been referred to the Committee of Claims;
and he now moved that reference.
Mr. MEADE said, it appeared to him that the
bill involved the general system of our laws, and
should go to the Committee on the Judiciary. He
moved that reference.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he agreed with the
gentleman from Tennessee, that the bill ought to
go to the Committee of Claims. He referred to
the bill of like character which had been under the
consideration of Congress, and had undergone a
discussion in this House a year or two sincp, and
said that it had emanated from the Committee of
Claims ill this body.
Mr. KAUFMAN gave notice, that if this differ-
ent motions to refer were rejected, he should move
to refer the bill to the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures. That committee had now only little
business before them, while the Committee of
Claims had a good deal.
Mr. VINTON believed that this bill originated
with the Committee on Finance in the Senate,
which was the committee corresponding to the
Committee of Ways and Means in the House.
So if it went to the Committee of Ways and
Means, it would go to the same committee which
had considered it m the Senate. He moved the
previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg to say that this is the rea-
son why f made the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having been moved.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered—being
first on the motion of Mr. Meade.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Thomas, anid decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ENGINEERS IN NAVY.
Senate bill to amend the act relating to the ap-
pointment and pay of the engineers in the Navy
of the United States, was read a first and second
time by its title; and,
On motion by Mr. .BROOKS, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Senate bill, entitled an act for the relief of Ad ju-
tant General Roger Jones, was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
The next bill in order was the bill entitled an
act to continue in force an act therein mentioned,
relating to the port of Baltimore.
The question was on the passage of the bill, and
Mr. McLANE was entitled to the floor.
He said, he did not now propose to occupy the
time of the House on this bill: he would yield the
floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gt;tv.'yS'Tl,] who desired to say a word.
Mr. GRINNELL said, the object of this bill, as
he understood, was to continue in force the act
which originally authorized the State of Mary-
land to impose a tonnage duty of two cents per
ton upon vessels entering the harbor of Baltimore.
Some remarks had been made when the bill was
before under consideration in reference to the
limitation as to the size of the vessels upon which
this duty was imposed. It appeared to him that
that limitation was clearly right, inasmuch as for
small vessels of sixty tons or under entering that
harbor twice or three times a week, it would be
very onerous to pay this tonnage duty of two cents
per ton, while larger vessels entering it, say once
a month, as their packets from Boston did, and
which were accommodated by the improvements
which had been made in the basin, were able to
pay it.
He thought that this authority on the part of the
State of Maryland to lay tonnage duties having
existed for many years, almost from the formation
of the Government, and no in jury having resulted
to commerce from it, they had better authorize and
permit that State to continue to lay this tax upon
the commerce of Baltimore, if she saw fit to do it.
He was decidedly in favor of general improve-
ments by this Government, paid for out of the
Treasury of the United States; and if Baltimore
came here and asked for the appropriation of
$5,000 or $10,000 annually for the improvement of
her harbor, and showed that fhe money could be
advantageously appropriated, he would cheerfully
vote to grant it. But inasmuch as they preferred
another mode of raising the money, by laying a
small tax upon the vessels entering that harbor,
a tax upon the consumer of the goods, he was per-
fectly willing that they should have the authority
to impose it. He saw no objection to it at all; and
the authority having been, as he had before said,
so Ions in existence, and no injury having resulted
from its exercise, he saw no reason why they
should now withhold their consent to continuing
it. The money raised was appropriated for the
improvement of the harbor and for the convenience
of navigation. The city of Baltimore appro-
priated some §"20,000 or £30,000 (annually out of
the city fund for the improvement of that harbor—
a much greater sum than thi=s tonnage duty
amounted to.
These were briefly his views. He hoped the
bill would pass.
Mr. McLANE, to save the time of the House,
he said, moved the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. MARSHALL, Mr. OTIS, and other gen-
tlemen, asked the yeas and nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were refused.
And the question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Schenck, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recurring on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, was taken and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 67, noes 52.
So the demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question was ordered, be-
ing on the passage of the bill.
Mr. OTIS demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER propounded the question upon
ordering the yeas-and nays, and having counted
22 in the affirmative, stated that they were not or-
dered.
Tellers were asked and ordered upon the ques-
tion of ordering the yeas and nays, and Messrs.
Schenck and Hall were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported 30 gentlemen in favor of the yeas and
nays.
A count of the negatives not being insisted
on—
The SPEAKER announced that the yeas and
nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
yeas 102, nays 46 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Baker,
Ra.v, lieale, Bmgham, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Boyd,
Bliags Buel, Chester Butler, Joseph Cable, George A,
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey, Chandler, W. R. W.
Cobb, Deberry, Dmimick, Disnov, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,
Fitch, Gentry, Gorman, Grinnell, Hail, Hamilton, Haralson,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haymoud, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, Joseph W.Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kaiif.
man, Kerr, George G. King, L,a S£re,'Leffler, Job Maro ,
Mason, Matteson, MeClernand, McDowell, McKissoek,
McLanaiian, Robert M. McLane, MeUueen MeWIJite,
Meade, Miller, MiIIsob, Moore, Moreliead, Morris, Morse,
Morton, Ogle, Olds, Outlaw, Pe&sless, Phelps, Piiffiflix,
Potter, Repd, Savage, Schoolcraft, S e d d o n . S h e p pe r d, F re (I
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Stetson, Taylor. Tlioinas, Jaeob Thompson, WilSara
Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Waldo, Wallace, Waj^ms,
Wentworth. Whittlesey, Wildriek, Williams, WiitthrOp,
Wood, and Woodward—302. - -
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Bvotii, Cote, Conger^
Corwin, Crowell, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Poller, Oeri'y,
Gotf; Gould, Uay.Hcbrrd, Henry, Hoagiand, Howe, Hatter,
William T. Jackson, Daniel P. King, James G. Kine, Jolin
A.King, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Marshall, MeGaughey,
Meacham, Nelson, Newell, Otis, Pitman, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Kisley, Robbins, Ro«e, Kumsey, Sehenck, Silvester,
Strong, Sweetser, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, and Vintoa
—46.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table. . .
The latter motion was agreed to, and the bill
stands passed.
WIDOW OF GENERAL WORTH.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the bill
from the Senate, entitled "An act for the relief of
Margaret L. Worth, the widow of the late General
Worth, of the army of the United Slates."
Mr. JONES moved to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. He said he
did not wish to go into the discussion of the bill
at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been ordered to
a third reading and read a third time; the question
is on the passage of the bill. If it is referred, it
will not be in the power of the committees to
amend it.
Mr. JONES. If I mistake not, .(and if I am
wrong the Speaker can correct me,) the bill oaroe
up, when it was last before the House, under the
motion of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] to proceed to such private bills on the
i Speaker's table as gave rise to no debate. When
j this bill came up, I obtained the floor, and was
! proceeding to make some remarks, and the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] made
the question of order, that if it gave rise to debate
it must go over. The Speaker sustained the point
of order, and when a motion was made to refer,
the Speaker said it could not be referred, as debate
was proposed upon the bill. That is my under-
standing. The bill never could have been read a
third time. I now move to refer the bill to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, if it is in
order, and I believe it is.
The SPEAKER said that upon examination he
found the question was on ordering the bill to-a
third reading. The motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee was therefore in order.
The question being on the motion to refer—
Mr. JONES said he did not desire at this time
to enter into a discussion of the merits of the bili.
He would merely remark, that it violateid some
and most of the genera) principfes which had been
recognized and embodied in the laws of this coun-
try granting pensions to the widows of deceased
officers and soldiers. It was highly proper and
necessary that it should undergo the investigation
of that committee, and he hoped it would be re-
ferred for that purpose.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he had no objec-
tion to this bill being fully and thoroughly dis-
cussed. He differed with the gentleman from
Tennessee in his remark that It violated any of
the principles that had governed the legislation of
Congress heretofore. He did object to the refer-
ence of the bill to this committee. He thought it
important that it should pass without delay. He
hoped the House would take it up and pass it or
reject it, and not to send it to the committee to
slumber there for months, perhaps not to come up
again during the present Congress.
Mr. JONES said, if he understood the gentle-
man from Mississippi right, he had said that the bill
did not violate any of the principles of the pension
laws. He (Mr. J.) had said, and he repeated,
that in h>s opinion it did violate many, if not ail,
those principles. He would mention one. By the
general law no widow of a non-comitiissioned offi-
cer, musician, or private, could be placed upon
the pension roll unless it were satisfactorily
proved that her husband had been killed in battle, or
