1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
•whom we know to be entitled, do we make his
way easy by spreading before him the knowledge
in our hands, and expressing our gratification at
an ability to render to him this tribute of a grate-
ful country to the patriotism and worth of his
ancestor? * No, sir. It is notorious that we
conceal the information, and that we resort to
every conceivable quibble to defeat, and hinder,
and delay, the establishment of these claims upon
the treasury. The difficulty of obtaining justice
at the bureaus of your departments has become
proverbial—the administration of the laws is offen-
sive and absurd, and the liberality of the country,
evinced bv acts of Congress designed to be con-
strued so as to embrace all who have served in her
wars, is turned to apparent meanness by the
manner in which those laws are executed. Sir, I
am no advocate for carelessness in the dispen-
sation of these bounties, but. 1 would at least
have justice administered under our laws with-
out delay and with a uniform and even hand.
You and I, though representing each more
than a hundred thousand of onr countrymen,
are told that it is "agaiwst regulations" to open
the revolutionary rolls to examination; yet we j
see the very information we seek reduced to a
science upon the books of claim-agents who swarm
around the Treasury and hang upon the depart-
ments. They come here from a distance as regu-
larly as do the members of Congress; they gather
information by means we know not of, and scat-
tering through the interior they hunt up heirs and
widows and old soldiers, and drive hard bargains.
Few of these persons know anything of their
rights—you take no pains to inform them—you
pass liberal laws, and then use no means to see
that they are carried out in the spirit which en-
acted them, while speculators grow wealthy upon
the interests you fail to protect and live upon the
ignorance you assist to preserve. Sir, a poor man
and a citizen, whose residence is at a distance, can-
not penetrate the mystery which enshrouds your
Penssion Office. If he comes here amidst the lab-
yrinth of your accounting offices, he thinks him-
self well off if he sets out alive.
I desire to have ihe list of pensioners printed, and
to stop the system that is prevalent. It is painful
to observe the tendency of affairs; and, *o far as
I am concerned, I will lend every energy I possess
to correct ihe evil.
I offer this amendment, sir: That the document
be referred to the Committee on Printing, with
instructions to print five thousand copies of the
same.
IVlr. CLINGMAN. My object in rising, is
simply to move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, is out of order. The
question before the House is not upon the refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing, but upon the
motion to refer it to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question. My object was, to ap-
ply it to the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. It will apply to the several
motions which have been made jn their order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, with the permission
of my friend from Kentucky, I will renew the mo-
tion which he made, and then renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would suggest a modi-
fication of the resolution. If they were to have a
vote upon the printing at all, he hoped the docu-
ment would be protected from the persons who
would be hovering about it during the process of
printing.
Mr. CLINGMAN said, if the gentleman would
suggest a modification, he would accept it with
great pleasure.
Mr. VENABLE desired to know from the
Chair whether the document contained a list of
the persons who were entitled to pensions?
The SPEAKER replied, that the very object of
referring it was, that the committee should inquire
into its contents. The Chair had not examined
it, but had brought it before the House, in order
that this very information might be obtained by
the House
Mr. CLINGMAN said he took it for granted,
that the committee to whom the document might
be lefened, would take such course as would
meet the views of the gentleman from Ohio. His
motion wag simply to refer it to the Committee on
Printing, with instructions to have 5,000 copies
printed. He would now move the previous ques-
tion.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be now
put.
The question being put upon the reference to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, it was
negatived.
The question recurring on the motion to refer
to the Committee on Printing, it was put and
carried in the affirmative.
So the document was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
On motion,
The House then adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mr. DtJER: Bill topiovide for the settlement of the
boundary of Texas, and to authouze ihe people of New
Mexico to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and refened to the ap-
piopriate committees:
By Mr. DtJKKEE: The petition of jVJ. Fiauk and 89 oth-
ei&, citi/en-. of thf city ot Kt naha, in the State of Wiscon-
sin, praj inn Congrf«> to pass a joint ie>oluuoii authorizing
the Secretary of Uio Navy to orcer one or ihe national ves-
t-d.- acrob^ the Atlantic, to tiansport -ueh delegate s ita may
go from tlu> coiintr; lo attend the Peace Convention, to be
held at Frank'm f, Germany, in August next.
Ats-o, tiie petition of John R. Krndell and 29 others, citi-
zens ot Burlington, in the same State, (or the.-atne object.
Also, ihe petition ot William II. Petti t and other , ciltz' ns
of Walwouh county, in the tame State, piautig for the ad-
mi—ion of California, See.
Abo, the pi-tition of citizens of Sauk county, in Ihe same
Stare, praj uig Congiess to abolish Hogging id the American
nasy.
AUit, the petition of William D. Potter, of Waukesha
county, in the State, hi favor of cheat) postage
Al.vo, the petition ot citizens ot Rosendale. in the same
State, for the establishment anil protection uf fceedom ui the
teiritories.
Alto, a petition of the same against the admission of any
moie slave Stales!.
Al-o, a petition of thc.'amc, in favor of secuiing to alleged
fuuiiive.- the ritrhtof trial l>y jury.
Also, a petition of the same, tor the repeal of all laws en-
acted or adopted bv Congiess kr die support of slavery in
the District ot Columbia.
Also, a petition of Erastus Dean and others, of Rock
county, m the same State, authouzing the Secretaiv ot ihe
Nd\\ to oidcr one of ihe national vessel-, totian&poi t acioss
the Asl.mtic Mich delegates as may go fiom this countiy to
attend the Peace Convention, to he holden at Frankiort, m
Germany, in August next.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of E. W. Jackson and
104 other citizens of Auburn, Massachusetts, praying for a
national ship to convey delegates to the Peace Comention
in Geiinanj.
Aho, the petition of Seth Drew and *19 other citizens of
King-ton, Massachusetts, piaungloi the same object.
By iVlr SIB; KY- A memorial of ihe people of Minneso-
ta and Oiegon Teiiitonts, prajing that the Legislative As-
semblies of said Tei ntories he allowed to prolong then next
annual sc^ionto a period of ninety davs.
Also, a memorial of the people of Minnesota Territory,
prajing Congiess io place the school lands pt the disposal
of the Legislative Assembly so tar as to ailow said body to
lent them.
Bv Mi. KING, of Rhode 1-Jnnd : The petition of Albert
G. Cook •nid others, eitr/.i-n* of Portsmouth, Rhode island,
piayiris foi cheap postagr.
Bv Mr. DTJER. The petition of H. Fitzhuah ami others,
eiu/.ens ot O^weyo, New York, praying for the passage of a
law allowing Amencaii-bmft vessels, that bv any means maj
have become the property of foreigners,or obtained a foreign
le'Mstty, lo he registered in this counnya*? American vessels
upon their again becoming the property ot American citi-
zens.
Al*o, the petition of A. E. Pardee and 449 others, praying
for the p tssaee of a Jaw permitting plank lor the constiuo
tion of plank-mad* to be. imported from Canadafree of duty
By Mr. CARTTER: The petition of Jacob Jones and
others, prajing the establishment of a mail-route from Can-
ton to Darlmuton, Ohio.
By Mr. TIIBL'AUD: The petition of General Stephen
IIojt,ot Bradford, New Hampshire, praying tor a grant of
land in California to himself and other heirs of Stt phen
T-Iovi, deceased, a sohher of the revolutionary army.
B} Mr. DIMMfCIC: The petition of A. Balliet and 40
others, citizens of Carbon county, Pennsylvania, praying for
an morale of duty on iron.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of John Shields and
others, citizens of Caitsville, Mahoning county, Ohio, pray-
ing Congress to repeal all laws enacted by Congre-s by
which slavery or the '•lave trade is authorized or sanc-
tioned m the city of Washington or the District of Colum-
bia, and that in the event of their nori-repeai, the seat of
Government be leinoved to some more mutable location.
Al^o, the petition of .fames M Wilson and others, citi-
zens of Caitsville, Maho'mng countv, Ohio, praving that no
state be hereafter admitted into the Union unless "the con-
stitution of buch State *hall exprc&slypiohibitsiavery wiiUui
its limits.
Also, the petition of Moses Hutson and others, citizens of
Caiteville, Mahoning county, Ohio, praying Congress to
secure the right of jury trial to all fugitive slaves before they
are delivered up to the claimant.
Also, the petition of John Shields and other«, citizens of
Caitsville, Mahoning county, Ohio, praying that slavery and
the slave trade may he expressly prohibited by act of Con-
gress in all the teiritories of ihe' United Stales
By Mr. COLE: The petition of Benjamin L Purdy and
others, citizens of Wisconsin, praying Congress to extend
the present mail-routefroni Milwaukie and Fort Winnebago
to B.irraboo, Sauk county.
A No, the petition of E. M. Sexton and 96 others, citizens
of Wisconsin, asking Congress to establish a mail-route
tiom Highland via Reed^burg to Grand Rapids.
Bv Mr. WENT WORTH: Four petitions of citizcns of
the State of Wisconsin, praying for the right of trial by
jury lo prisons claimed as fuimive slaves; the abolition of
sl-ivery m the Distncf of Columbia; the prohibition of
Maveiy in the United States tei ritorie«, and remonstrating
against the admission of any more slave States into the
Union.
By Mr. RfCIIARD.^ON: The petition of Nicholas Borl-
rin lor confirmation of land title.
Bv Mr. WENTWORTH : The petition of citizens of
Milton, Du Page county, Biinnj-j, prajing for the passage of
an act to compensate the soldier^ who t-erved in the late war
with Great Britain.
Al-o, four petition® of citizens of Milton, Du Page conn'y,
in the State of Illinois, praving for the repeal of all jaws
authorizing slavery in the District of Columbia; the pro-
hibition of slavery in the United States territories; for the
right ol tnal by piry for person* claimed as fugitive slaves;
and remonstrating against the admission of moie new States,
unless surh State by u& constitution expressly prohibit sla-
very within its limits.
By Mr JULIAN: The petition of 60 ci'izens of Wayne
county, Indiana, praying Congre^ to repeal all laws by
which slavery or the slave tiadeis authonzed in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, th • petition of 61 citizen* of the ?aine county, pray-
ing Congre-j^ to provide a trial by jury in behalf of petsons
claimed as fugitive slaves.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 16, 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution on the 2(1
instant, calling; for detailed accounts of expendi-
tures made in the erection of lighthouses at Bran-
ilywme Shoal, Delaware Bay, Carysfort Reef and
Sand Key, Florida, and at Wangisheme, in Lake
Michigan.
On motion by Mr. MILLER,
Ordered, That it he on the table and be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DOWNS presented two memorials, numer-
ously signed by citizcns of the District of Colum-
bia, strongly urein^a reorganization of the judicial
system of said District; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, additional documents relating to the claim
of A. P. Brittin^hsm; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations,
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Minnesota Temtoiy, asking a giant of land for
the purpose of constructing; a magnetic telegraph
in that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of the heirs
of Rafael Garcia, asking; compensation for the oc-
cupation and use by the United States, as a mili-
tary post during the Mexican war, of their property
at Point Isabel, in Texas; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the State of Alabama, asking a grant of
land to the Tuscaloosa Plank Road Company to
aid in the construction of their road; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of ei^ht Atlan-
tic and Pacific steam navigation companies and
other citizens of the State of New York, asking
that an examination may be instituted for the
purpose of testing the merits of a process invented
by Ralph Bulkey for extinguishing fires on board
ships at sea; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the memotial ofFoxall
A. Parker, an officer in the navy, asking the reim-
bursement of ceitain unavoidable and extraordi-
nary expenses incurred by him while in command
of the East India squadron in the years 1843,1844,
and J845; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition from citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented two memorials of
citizens of the State of Illinois, asking a grant of
