1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
adinini?tra ors, or as-ignees. And the patent ?o rei^ued,
to ether with the cor-pet '<1 description and specifications,
sh'dl have fie ■.am* eff ct and op ration in law, on the tri.il
ot a'l netfous* heiert'ter commenced tor eau^e-. snb-equentiy
a-eruuig, ass though the <amo had been orminallv filed m
gitch corrected form, before the is umg of the original
patent."
Ttiere lies the foundation, sir, of all the diffi-
culty.
Mr. TURNEY. Will tlr Senator allow me to
a^k him to nun for a moment 'o  nother section of
that act ? He will find that this reissued patent is
only io t«ke effect from its date, and is not to affect
any pending; action, or anything that may be in
operation at the time.
Mr. UXDER WOOD. I have turned mv atten-
tion t* that, and examined it carefully. Here is
the diffi uhy. You issue a patent, and after it has
been issued, the patenue goes to the Patent Office,
and files a number of new specifications, embracing:
a great deal of matter which was not inserted in
the original patent, and he does this upon the
ground that he omitted to insert these specifications
in bis original application through inadvertence or
mistake; nnd then, when he has amended his
patent in this way, you give it a retroactive opera-
tion, according to the express language of the act
of 1836, «nd make it val d from the original date.
The consequence of this is, in practice, th-U every
individual who sees any improvement made that
he thinks he can embrace by a new specification,
bv this practice, es I am infromed, surrenders Inf-
old patent, gives it up, and irt his new patent in-
serts the new specifications which have been
brought to his mind by the inventions or improve-
ments of others, gets them inserted in the new
patent, and then, under the clause winch I have
read, claims by that retroactive force thef-e new
i u-rovements as being h>s from the beginning.
Then, -Mr, he turns round and sues everybody who j
may have n ade these improvements an his original
invention, and, by the decision of the court, I be-
lieve, obtains an injunction by virtue of the retro-
active effect of the act of 1836. j
N< w, sir, it does seem to me that the true way i
to correct the evil is not in the manner that this j
bill a't°mpts to correct it; for, if I have time, I j
will endeavor to show the" objection to it. The I
true mode of coriecting the evil is riot in the way j
this bill proposes, hut this is the way to do it: |
Le' e*ery patentee stand upon his original patent, i
a"d, if he says that he has made any improvements,
or it" he soys that any mistake has been committed
by which something was omitted in his original
patent, let him apply the ordinary course, and get
a new patent for this improvement or invention
which he h-\s mafle. Now, what objection can
there be to that? If you will repeal the thirteenth
section of the act of lb36, u hu h I propose to do, |
by inserting a clause to that effect, should the Sen-
ate. agiee to sttike out the clause proposed to be
stricken out by the Senator Irom Tennessee, you
wiil then leave the inventor, if he makes any im-
piovcments, to apply at the Patent Office to get a
new fatent for these improvements, which will
not ba'-e a retroactive effect, enabling them there-
by to cover the inventions of other persons.
I am told that Mr Moise, in regard to his inven-
tion, has made two surrenders, and got two new
and retroactive patents, going back to the original
uateofhis invention, and covering, as I am told,
jnven'ions m tde tiy others. 1 am also told that
the celebrated Wood worth patent, about which we
have had many speeches in the other branch of
Congiess, some of which I looked into, has been
rescued time and again, embracing everybody's
improvements: and by viruie of this law, having
a rtnoacuve effect from the date of the original
p-itenf, yon cannot prevent frauds of this sort.
And I am told that the Commissioner of Patents
acts upon 'he idea, that if a thing is proved to him
by anybody to have been his invention, he goes
upon that proof, without contrasting it with the
counter proof which may lie brought to show th-u
the person is not the real inventor of the improve-
ment which he wants to cover by his amended pa-
tent. N« w, it does seem to me, if I am not greatly
misinformed in regard to the facts, that the true way
of remedying this evil  «, to repeal the thirteenth
section of the act of 1336, and then let every im-
prover io an or gmal mention take out a patent for
his in pro\ement. He will thsn stand upon the
proper foundation; he will then stand where every-
body e'se stands and he will not then be permit-
ted to avail himself of the labors and discoveries
of others, by slipping them into an amendment to
his patent.
One remark more, sir, and I have done. Under
the act of 1836, if an inventor claimed more than .
he was entitled to, by inserting in his patent or r
claiming; that which he was not entitled to, it viti- ,
ated the patent, and there was great danger that it ,>
would be regarded by the courts as a nullity. But
inventors have been relieved from ihe operation of
the act of 1836; to this extent, by a subsequent
statute which provides, in substance, that if there J,
be any error or mistake in the original patent, it j
shall not interfere with what justly and prope-ly >!
belongs to the patentee, and of which he is the true ij
inventor, but he may relinquish that which he j-
ought not to have inserted in his original patent, ,j
and, upon the relinquishment, the original patent
is only for what the patentee really is the inventor jl
of, and to which he is entitled. That is ail rii.ht, ji
and just as it should be. The subsequent act, thus
amending the act of 1836, secures to every invent-
or that which properly belongs to him, and if my j
amendment prevails, you will only throw upon him I
the necessity of getting a new patent every time :
he makes any discovery. (
Now, sir, there is only one possible objection,
as I conceive, that can be made to this course,
and 1 beg to anticipate it, in case any Senator
should be relying on it. It wi'l be said that
under the act of 1836, you only allow these retro-
active patents, as ! may call them, by the surren-
der of the old and the taking out of a new one, in
case of inadvertency or mistake, of some oversight
or unintentional omission. Now, the complaint
of the country is, that these renewed patents are ij
not founded on overs'ghts, are not founded upon \<
omissions, are not founded upon things which have jl
been invented by the patentee, but that they are
founded upon inventions or improvements, which jl
ihe patentee is not the author of, and thus he in- ;j
terferes with the labors of others. The only effect j;
of my amendment will be, to make men a little1
more cautious in taking out their patents. I do j:
not myself helieve that patentees are so very neg- .
hgent in the description of their inventions that |
they cannot in the first instance set out pietty ;
clearly what they are entitled to; and if they are :
so veiy incoirect in their language, and will not '
apply to any of the gentlemen who set up signs i
around the Patent Office to get a proper descrip- j
tion, it is their negligence in not doing it, and I i
would visit that negligence on their own heads, |
and not give them an opportunity of inteifeiing j
with others. My plan is to hold them to the i
original specifications, and if they find afterwards |
that the original specifications do not embrace I
everything which they are entitled to, let them go
to the Patent Office and obtain a new patent; but the ]
plan of this bill is to make them get a new patent j
and give lta letroactive effect. Now I am opposed j
to that. ;
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Do 1 understand j
the Senator from Kentucky to say that the act of j
1836 gives to new inventions this retroactive i
eflWt ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think so.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry that I cannot put that
construction on it; for I had thought that the
Senator and myself were on the same side in rela
tion to this matter. I will read him the last para-
graph of the 13th section. After providing for
reissue,'cases of defective specifications under the
lules of the Patent Officc, requiring that in cases of
compositions or machines the modej and compo-
sition deposited shall contain everything which is
called for in the specification, it comes to the case
which the Senator from Kentucky has argued:
" Whenever the original patentee ^ha!! be de<irous of adri-
1112 tin- de-rripnon ai d sp* eifit ation of anv new improve-
ment ot tin: original invention or di-cov* r.v. which shall have
be<-n invented or dwov* ied hy linn -ub-  quent io the date
of hi- p iU nt, he ma\, like proceeding* bt ing had m alt re-
«p> cts a-* ni ihe ease of original applications, and on the
pavment ot fi n en dollars, a- hereinbefore piovnled, have
the f-ani'-* annexed to the original description and specifica-
tion ; and the Ooiymts-ioner-hall < ernfv, on ihe tnaigtn of
«u<*h annexed de<cnpion and -pacification, the tune o< its
b' ing annexed and t> eo:d -d ; and the -anie shall thereat!' r
[not heretofore] have the same effect in law, to nil intent*
and purposes, as though it h ul been embraced in the original
deccupuon and specification."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him ? The gentleman's argument
is perfectly unanswerable in the way that he puts
it; perfactly so, but it does not touch the case 1
; supposed. He must take tiie whole clause, if he
pleases. He has taken up only one matter em-
braced in that clause. He has taken the case
where a man makes a new invention and wishes
to amend an old invention.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 thought that was the point
under discussion. .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He has left out all in-
advertencies and accidental omissions; all the mis-
takes under which all.the frauds are committed.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh! 1 did not understand the
Senator 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to explain,
if the honorable Senator will allow me.
Mr. DAVIS. Ceitainly. 1 will give way for
an explanation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 did not read at all that
part of the clause which the honorable Senator has
read. I have read it many times, but I did not
read it now, because it does not lie at the founda-
tion of this evil. The gentleman should have read
the foregoing part of the section. 1 will lead it
for him:
"And the patent so reissued, together with the corrected
description or specification, shall have the same effect and
operation in all actions hereafter commenced, and tor
cau-es -uh-i q lenfty accruing, as though the tame had been
ongmally fil*d,,J &c.
The gentleman, if he recollects my argument,
will see that it. applied to cases got up under this
provision of the 13th section, and not under the
latter description of cases wheie a new invention
! has been made.
! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator's
I argument, then, went to cases of a patentee steal-
ing the inventions of others who were in his neigh-
borhood. I did not so understand him; but 1 did
j suppose, what the Senator admits, that he hid not
read the last paragraph of section 13, and ! thought
that if he had read it he would never have made
j such an argument. For it is for cases of new in-
f ventions or discoveries alone that provision is made
in the last paiagraph of section 13; all that precedes
i it relates to the correction of the specification of
I things originally discovered; and if they were not
j original discoveries,! ask the Senator, does he sup-
' pose that by any law he can guaid more efficiently
against frauds by patentees than can the examiners
in the Patent Office, who have the models, compo-
sitions, or drawings, as the case may be, before
them, and with whom it is the business of life to
learn what is in the original patent; whether the in-
vention is new, whether the specification is defec-
tive; or whether an additional specification covers
any thing not contained in the original patent?
Mr. TURNEY. I promised yesterday that if
this bill was made the special order for this morn-
ing, it should be postponed if not disposed of at
the hour for proceeding to the regular order of the
day. That hour has now arrivfd, and 1 therefore
move that the further consideration of this subje.ct
be postponed until to-morrow at half-past 12
o'clock.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask my friend from
Tennessee to allow m& two or three minutes to
reply to the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. TURNEY. I am equally desirous of re-
plying myself, hut I must press my motion.
"The further consideration of the question waa
then postponed until to-morrow at half-past twelve
o'clock.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideratiin
of the special order of the day, being the bill to
admit California as a State into the Union, to es-
tablish territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
establishment of her wes ern and northern bound-
I aries.
! Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
the amendment which 1 offered yesterday, and
which I endeavored to explain, having, as it seems
to n.e, been unscuriceived, and not wishing to make
a contest upon the terms—seeking the object which
1 avowed m the remarks I made, and having for
the present, at least, no other purpose than that
which 1 avowed, and which I still believe to be
the plain intent of the amendment which 1 off- red
yesterday—1 will, with the permission of the Sen-
ate, offer a substitute for the amendment I offered,
| leaving in the bill all which it now contains, but
: adding in the sixth line, after the word " slavery,"
; a proviso which affects that clause. I send the
: substitute to the -Secretary in order that it may be
ij read.
