1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1010
The section as reported by the committee, is as
follows:
"Sec. 10. Jbvl he H/urlfm eruictcd, That tt)ft teewlative
power of i-aid trrrtiory ?-ba!l extend U> all rightful -uhp'et.. of
legl-latmn con'-i-tent with the Constitution of thi- United
Slates and th'* pr«vi-i« n< or this act; hul no law «dtall be
pawed interfering with the primary di*po*al of ihe coil, nor
in re--)>e<t to JJjritum slavery. No fax shall be imposed upon
the projnT>> of the United States," &e.
Mr. Davis yesterday proposed to strike out the
words 14 in respect to African slavery,'1 and to in-
sert the word**:
" With those right* of property which grow out of the tn-
stitnrton of African slavery, a  it exisw iu any of the States
ol the Union."
He now modifies that amendment by restoring
the section to its original state, and after the word
" slavery" proposes to add the following:
«< Provided, That nothing contained in tin* section shall
be so construed a< to prevent the territorial leaM-uuo- from
pa-sing -ut'h pdice or other law-*, or providing s-uoh reine-
die-, a* may protect the owners of African >l«ves in said
territory, or who may remove to said territory, in the enjoy-
ment of >tK-h right* as tin y may po—ess under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United Stated."
Mr. FOOFE. Br fore I commence the remarks
which I irrend to address to the Senate, in contin-
uation of those which I was making when the
Senate adjourned yesterday, I wish to offer an
amendment tr  the hill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move any amendment until that which is
now before the Senaie be disposed of.
Mr FOOTE. Then I give notice that when tha
proper time arrives, I shall move to amend the
tenth section in the sixth line. [The terms of the
amendment we were notable to obtain.]
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 wish also to give notice of
my intention to offer the following amendment:
" Strike out of the 39th section, from the 8th to the 22d
line inclusive, and insert:
1-t. The bound tries nf tha sa^d Stat* of Texas shall he
confirmed and acknowledged a- settled by her law o limit*,
pass, d by her Conare-s in \6'M, and the sovereignty over
the whole of the territory included in sa>d boundary shall _
be re-jnrved absolutely to the said Sta e of Texa*.. ;
"21. That, for the safety and comfort of the white in- 1
habitants, and to enabh the Governm*nt or the United j
States the b-'iter to repress Indian d*-pred.mor.s, and < th« r- '
wise control them in such manner as the peace of tin-
country mav require, the, various Indiui tribes within said
Slate, shall be collected and rn  v. d to tiiat part of the
State of Tex is which lies north ot the 34th parallel of north
latitude; and such collection and removal shall bp mad*
nnder the authority and at the expense of the United
States."
J wish the amendment now to be laid upon the
table, and I give nonce that I shall offer it at the
appropriate time.
Mr. RUSK. I move that the amendment of the
Senator from Alabama he printed, as it appears to
me to be a very important amendment.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr FOOTE then resumed and concluded the
speech which he began yesterday. [Bis speech
will he found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLEMENS next proceeded to address the
Senate, and in the course of his remarks various
explanations were made by Mr. FOOTE and Mr.
DAVIS, of Mississippi.
Withoutconcluding, Mr. CLEMENS gave way
for a motion to proceed to the consideration of
Executive business.
After which, the Senate adjourned to Monday
next.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, <May My 1850'.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL rose and addressed the Chair.
RECIPROCITY AND FREE NAVIGATION.
Mr. DUER rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will stale hi* question.
Mr. DUER said, he would move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill yesteiday reported from
the Committee on Cotnmeice, relative to recipro-
city in trade w^th Canada and 10 the free navigation
of the St. Lawrence, was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the slate of the Union. He
did n«it propose to ask that the motion be con-
sidered now, but that it lie over.
He made a similar motion relative to the refer-
ence of the President's message on the same sub-
ject—which motion he wished disposed of in the
same way.
, The SPEAKER* Did the gentleman vote with
j the m vjomv?
j Mr. DUER. There was no division; I do not
know that I voted at all.
j Mr. PRESTON KING. Was not the same
j motion made yesterday by my colleague? [Mr.
j Rumsey.1
The SPEAKER- The motion was made by
the gentleman from New York, and withdrawn.
The motions to reconsider were entered on the
Joiirnal, and be over.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL resumed the floor, and moved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the con-
sideration of the bills on the Private Calendar.
REPORT ON THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. BURT rose (he said) to a question which
might be a privileged question. He desired to
make a report from the select committee, raised
at the instigation of the Secretary of War, to in-
vestigate the conduct of that officer, and other cir-
cumstances connected with the allowance of the
Galphin claim.
Mr. DA NI EL with Irew his motion.
Mr. BURT ask*u lor the decision of the Speaker
upon the point, whether the report he proposed to
make was not a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the report of the gentleman fiom South Caro-
lina is ii< order as a privileged question.
Mr. BURT. I am directed, Mr. Speaker, to
make to the House the following report. ! ieel it
my duty to say to the House that upon the resolu-
tions reported to the House, the entire committee
have not been able to agree; and upon certain
questions, and particularly those which relate to
the payment of the principal and interest of that
claim, a diversity of opinion exists in the com-
mittee. A majmity of the committee not being
able to a^ree upon any argument, gentlemen have
prepared written arguments in support of the con-
cisions to which they have come. I am instructed
by the committee to as«k that the House adopt the
resolutions whi< h I now send to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina reports the following lesolution from the
select committee:
R&olred, That the written arguments of the different
member* of the committee on the subject of the payment
of the principal and interest of the claim of the representa-
tives ot Genrg* Giiphm he printed.
I ask (said Mr. B ) the adoption of that resolu-
tion by the House. I am instructed by the com-
mittee further to ask that their report be laid on
the table and be primed; and, as soon as the re-
port and documents which accompany it, shall be
printed, the committee will feel it their duty to
; move that they be taken up for the purpose of
: being referred or considered by the Hou^e.
The SPEAKER. The question will be on lay-
; ing the reports of the majority and minority of the
| committee on the Speaker's table, and ordering
; them to be printed.
Mr. CONGER desired to inquire when it would
; be in order to take up the report if it were now
; laid on the table as proposed by the chairman of
! the Committee?
! The SPEAKER replied, that in the opinion of
the Choir it would be in order to cali it up at any
i time as a privileged question.
! Mr. CROWELL said he would like to hear the
■ report read.
: The SPEAKER stated that it was very ions.
! Mr. CARTTER said he would like to hear the
report read, and asked if it was not in order to
have it read before the House proceeded to dis-
cuss it.
The SPEAKER said, if the reading was insisted
on be would put the question to the Hou^e whether
it should be read or not.
The report presented by Mr. Burt, which was
signed by himself and Mr. Jackson, concluded as
follows:
The committee have thus pp'formed all the duties im-
pos. d on them t.\ the H u-e, exeepung tho-e which relate
to the payotfiit Ol the principal and interest of the claim
under consideration. On that -nhject they have come to
the conclusion expr *s-«d in the following resolutions,
: winch they recommend the H >tise to adnpl :
1st. Rcsohed, That the claim of the representatives of
George Oalphni wn*>n>>t a ju-t demand against the United
St.nes. , . .
1 2d. RctolrcJ, That the act of Congress made it the dutv
of the Secretary ol the Treasury to pay the principal of said
claim, and it was therefore paid, "in conformity with law
and precedent."
3d. Resjh erf, That the. act aforesaid did notmnlorfze the
Secretary of the Tr>a*ury to pay i <te.r«-si on s-aid claim, ai.d
it* pajmemwaa not "in conformity with law or pneer
dent."
The atatemert of facts contained in this repoit
was agreed to by Mr. Burt, Mr. Breck, Mr.
Coxr*d, Mr. Gbinnell. Mr. Jackson, and Mr,.
James G. King; ami disagreed to, in part, by Mr.
Disney, Mr. Featfierbton, and Mr. Mann.
The first resolution was agreed to by Mr BphXj
Mr Disney, Mr. Featherston,, Mr. Jackson,
and Mr. Mann; and disngrteu to hy Mr. Cog*
rad, Mr. Breck, Mr. Grinnell, and Mr. King.
The second resolution was agreed to unani-
mously.
The third resoluiinn was agreed to by Mr Ecrt,
Mr. Djsney, Mr. Featherston, Mr. Jack-on,
and Mr. Mann; and dmagrt-ed to by Mr. Brbck,
Mr. Conrad, Mr. Grinnell, and Mr. King.
Mr. BRECK, from the, >ame committee, pre-
sented an argument, conclud ng as follow^;
1st. That the claim was jn-i,ai.d that the Government
was unner an * q urahle obligation u> pay it.
2d. That the interna, a- w« h as tin- principal, have been
paid in conformity to law and piecedent.
The undesigned, as appear- from the report of the com-
mittee, fully concur in the statement  <' the farts- iln rein.
DANILL BREC K,
C M fONRAD.
JAMES G KIXG,
JOSLm GB.NALLL. -
Mr. DISNEY, from the same committee, pre-
sented an argument, signed by himself, Messrs.
Featherston, and Mann, concluding with the
following, ViZ:
We recommend the adoption of the following
resolutions:
1. Resolved, That the claim of George Gilphin was one
that tne United vva>> in der no obligation to p.ty pri« (
t-> the pa>ta«e or th" <ict of ie-id, which audiuiiZMi and rt>
qnmd the p<i\ merit ot the pro cip.d <*n!>.
2 ResoUedy TUat the interest thereon was paid without
auiiiont* ot Inw or ti* igr.
3 Resolved, Tnat Congress should pass a law prohibitii g
the p tymem of intere.-t in any ca-*, h\ a\v < flieer ol the
(i«>vt i nmei.t, unle-- express!) i:ir«<teilhj lajv.
4. Resolved, Tnat Cwneies-j. M.onld pa-  h «aw prohibiting
any memhi r of tite Calnnet from decidu i on a > (l«un t.r
d' ma< d auann-t ihe Govtrtam in, iu whul. any i Uter mfni-
i«er of the r-ame Cub.n« t shall b<- inn r ?ted. while the> n ay
h<j thu>  a-socuntd together in tlie adiun.ietration ol Uie
Govfr rnment.
5. Retired, Thai we recon mend the passage «f a law
making final the decisions made by the head' oi the difier-
ent derailments, and regulating the right ol appeal, &c.
The SPEAKER stated that he understood the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.
Bcrt] to be to print the severaj reports and ac-
companying documents, and not that they be laid
on the tab e, but be placed on the Speaker's table,
w here they could te calbd up at any time by the
vote of a roejori'y of the House.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor, and (amid
vari« us interruptions on points of ordet) proceeded
to address the House—m lemarks, a report of
which is necessarily deferred, but will appear in
the Appendix.
He discussed at length the history of the Gal-
phin claim, and gave itfiom 1773 up to 1848, when
it got ihiough Cor.gress in August, ori the last
mglu of the session. The principal, he contended,
was never due from the United Statts; and if due
from any quarter, due from the Siate of Georgia.
But Georgia had never ackuovvkdged tt^ on the
contrary, repudiated it in eveiy foim. Mr.
Walkei paid the principal late m Febtuary, lt40,
and left'be nneiest as a legacy of mischief to the
ireormng Administration. The principal wag
43,518 97: the interest $191352 &9 cents, fn-m
June, 1775 That principal ana thai intfre>t, Mr.
B. con'enued, were b« th wiongfully paid; and as
to ihe interest, he cited ihe authority « f Attorneys
General Wiri, Legate, Cnttet den, ai.d of Comp-
rioller Whittles* y. He then went on to discuss
Mr. Crawford's connecuot\^u'h the claim, and
cited Mr. Monroe's anihoniy to show that the
connection of an executive officer nh a claim was
improper. He then vn dicattd the Pier-ident from
anv responsjl ih'y in allowing the interest. ♦
Before ih** hour allotted to Mr. Crooks had ex-
pired, Mr. B having referred to the impossibility
of presenting the uhole case to the House vnthift
the hour to which he was limned i-y the rule—
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of allowing the gentleman
to present his whole argument.
The SPEAKER said, that no motion to suspend
the rules was in Order to-day.
