1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. B. proceeded with his remarks. I
The hour having expired, j
Mr. BURT, chairman of the select committee !
on the Galphin claim, obtained the floor. He j
said that, after the remarks which had been made |
by the gentleman from*New York, [Mr. Brooks,] i
he (Mr. B ) was sure that the House would see i
the necessity, not only in justice to the committee !
itself, but to a correct understanding of the facts of j
the case, that the report of the committee should
be read. :
It is not for me (continued Mr. B.) to conjec-
ture to what sources the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] may have applied himself for
the information which he has detailed here to-day.
It is enough for me to say, that in that labor of
love m which the gentleman says he has toiled
with so much z.est, he has not hod the aid of any
member of the select committee. It is not for me,
I say, to conjecture whence the information which
the gentleman possesses was derived. But 1 sup-
pose that gentlemen on the other side of the House,
if they have as much penetiation and sagacity as
I attribute to them, will have no very great diffi-
culty in conjecturing and ascertaining what these
sluices of information are. However that may
be, H is no concern of mine. It is not the concern
or business of the committee, how the members
of the Cabinet stood towards the President, or how
the President stands towards this claim. This is
a matter for the House and the country. I desire-
that the Hou-e and the country may know the
manner in which the committee has discharged Us
duties; and I therefore move that the report of the
committee be read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I hope that
the other arguments, if not too long, will also be
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the reading of ail the reports, of the majority and
minority of tin; committee, is called for.
[Ones over the Ilouse, " Read all—read every-
thing."]
Mr. BURT then ascended the Clerk's table and
read the report.
[For the several reports, see Appendix.]
The report having been read,
Mr. MOREHEAD culled for the reading of the
minority report.
Mr. BURT. I desire to say that there is no
minority report as to the facts of the case. I think
I may consider myself authorized to say, that
there is no disagreement as to anv particular fact,
or ps to the statement of any particular fact. The
only point of disagreement is connected with what
was supposed to be an intimation of opinion by
the comnvttee. As to the facts, I do not under-
stand that there is any disagreement whatever
among the members of the committee.
Mr. CARTTER intciposed, and inquired what
papers had been reported ? And he called for the
reading of the aiguments.
Mr BURT. I was going to say, when I was
interrupted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Oartter,] that the committee could not agree as
a committee; that is to say, no five members could
agree as to the precise argument which led to the
conclusions expressed in the resolutions. The
chairman of the committee, so far as he knows,
witn but one of the majority of the committee, has
prepared an argument upon the legal questions—
that is to say, an argument which seeks to show
that this claim was not a just demand against the
United States; that the principal was paid in-ac-
cordance with law and precedent, because it was
pud under the impeiative terms of the act of
1848; and that the interest 
Mr. CARTTER (interposing) rose, he said,
to a question of order. He submitted to the Chair,
whether the gentlt;man from South Carolina [Mr.
Burt] was speaking*to any question before the
House * The reading of all the reports had been
resolved noon by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] was recognized by the Chair,
and is entitled to the floor. The gentleman yield-
ed for the purpose of having the reports read, and
if the point of order is insisted upon, the reports
must be read. The Chair undeistood that the
gentleman from South Carolina is explaining the
character of the remaining reports, which have not
been read.
Mr. BURT. If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] will restrain his impatience for a very
few moments, 1 shall have closed the few remarks
which I now desire to make. I do not propose to
make a speech. I desire to say that, upon these
questions, all arguments, (for they cannot be called
reports, because, as I have intimated, none of
ihese arguments have been concurred in by five
members of the committee,) written arguments, I
say, have been submitted. One has been submit-
ted by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breck.] as containing the views of a minority of
the committee on these questions. The chairman
of the committee, as I have already stated, has
also prepared an argument; and so, also, has the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,]
on these questions. This is another matter. That
which has been read is the report of the commit-
tee; and I am sure it will be very gratifying to the
members of the committee, if the arguments which
led to the conclusions expressed in the resolutions
could be heard by the House.
Cries: u Read," "read."
Mr. BRECK then ascended the Clerk's plat-
form, and read his report.
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. DISNEY ascended the Clerk's platform,for
the purpose of reading: his report.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, he desired to state
before the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney]
commenced reading his report, that he (Mr. F.)
had signed and concurred m it, and that it would
show what his objections were to the first report
read by the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Burt.] That the fir§t report read by Mr. Burt
showed upon its face how far he (Mr. F.) approved
of it.
Mr. DISNEY then read his argument.
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. BURT said, 1 desire to say, that an argu-
ment embracing the views of Mr. Jackson and
myself was prepared by myself, in accordance
with my sense of duty, and was submitted to the
committee, before the other arguments were pre-
sented. I do not ask the House to have that
report read. The hour is growing late, and the
House has heard very much of the subject to-day.
1 am content that my argument should be printed
with the others.
As to the resolutions which have been presented
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] that
gentleman will do me the justice to say that they
were not at any time 'submitted to the committee.
I have not until this time heard anything of these
resolutions. I do not know whether the com-
mittee or myself would have approved of them.
I understand them to be offered as the suggestions
of the gentleman from Ohio, and of those who
agree with him. They certainly never were be-
fore the committee in any shape for their aciion
or consideration. The only resolutions adopted
by the committee, were those which I have had
the honor to report to-day. I move that the argu-
ments read by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Breck,] and by the gentleman fiom Ohio,
[Mr. Disney,] and the arguments which I now
hold in my hand, (and which, as I have stated,
expresses the views of Mr. Jackson and myself,)
together with the report of the committee this
morning made, he on the Speaker's table and be
pr.n ted.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor—but yidded to
Mi. GRIN NELL, who suggested that the
motion to print should embrace any other docu-
ments accompanying the report of the committee.
Mr. BURT. "My motion this morning included
all the documents accompanying the report of the
committee.
Mr. STEPHENS then resumed the floor. He
had risen, he said, for the object which had been
airicipated by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Grinnell.] He (Mr. S.) understood the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to
say that the motion submitted by him this morn-
ing included the printing of all the documents
accompanying the report.
Mr. BURT. That was my motion.
Mi. DISNEY. It seems proper that I should
say a single word of explanation, in reply to the
observations made by the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] in relation to the resolutions
appended to the report which I have had the
honor to present. The gentleman says that the
resolutions were never submitted or read to the
committee. It is proper to say, that although I
entirely concur in the resolutions, they were not
drawn up and written by myself, but by one of
the gentlemen whose names are signed to the re-
port. Neither the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt,] nor any other gentleman, except
those whose names appear in approval of them, is
responsible for those resolutions, or for the good
or the evil which may result from them.
Mr. BURT, (interposing ) The gentleman wilt
do me the justice to say that I was not consulted
about these resolutions at all. All I desired to
say, in reference to them was, that they had not
been before the committee, and had neither been
rejected nor approved by them. I simply wish
to say this, and that I understood them to be
the suggestions of the gentlemen who signed them.
Mr. DISNEY repeated, that these resolutions
were not drawn up by himself, but by one of the
gentlemen whose name was appended to the report
which he had just read; they were submitted to
him (Mr. D.) and he approved them; and no other
gentleman than those who signed this report, he
repeated, were responsable for these resolutions,
either for good or for evil.
A motion was here made, that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. JONES said, he wished to suggest upon this
motion, that there were some gentlemen who
were desirous that the House should meet to-mor-
row, with the understanding that they go into
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
and make speeches on the California question, and
that they would not request the attendance of those
who wished to be absent. There were some gen-
tleman who wished to make speeches and then to
go home.
The motion to adjourn over was withdrawn.
Mr. WENTWORTH addressed the Chair and
was recognized.
Before he submitted any remarks, he said he
wished to know when these reports would come up
again, if they should now be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER said, if the direction suggested
by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
were given to the subject—if the reports were or-
dered to be printed and laid on the Speaker's table,
they could be called up any time when the ma-
jority of the House saw fit; for the Chair con-
sideied it a privileged question.
Mr. TOOMBS (Mr. Wentworth yielding)
said he desired that there should be some under-
standing that this thing should not take the direc-
tion of iaying on the Speaker's table, not to be
reached again. He desired to reply to some of
the arguments which had been advanced, espe-
cially by the gentleman from New York, [Mr,
Brooks,] in order that the subject might be fully
and fairly presented to the country. He hoped it
would be understood that the House was not dis-
posed to tolerate the attempt to smuggle one
speech before the country, as the gentleman from
New York had done, without a very full discus-
sion.
The SPEAKER stated that he wished the mat-
ter distinctly understood. If the House acqui-
esced in the view of the Speaker, in case the
report went upon the Speaker's table, regarding it
as a privileged question, it would come up when-
ever the majority of the House desired it.
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to call the atten-
tion of the Ilouse to the fact, that under the rules
by which they were governed, and which had
been adopted for particular purposes, when any-
thing got upon the Speaker's table no man could
tell when it would be reached in order. Pie be-
lieved there were already on the Speaker's table a
great many privileged questions; who could tell
when this would be reached if it were sent there
also? He thought, therefore, that the proper dis-
position of this matter would be, to make it the
special order for some particular day, so that
every man in Congress, and the whole country,
might know when it was to come up. He wanted
to be here and record his vote upon it; many gen-
tlemen wanted to be absent from the city for a
short time, to whom it was ver-f important to
know upon what precise day this subject would
again be taken up. Pie cared not what day was
named; but as he had the floor, and there was no
knowing who would get it next, if any gentleman
would suggest any suitable day, he would move
that this subject be made the special order for that
day.
After a momentary conversation, in which Mr.
