1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Duer, the Speaker, and Mr. Wentworth partici-
pated—  
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that !hereports
of the majority and of the minority of the com-
mittee be rn ide the special order for the 4th Tues-
day; in June, and to continue from day to day
until disposed of. If he thought the House would
sustain him, he would move the previous question.
He inquired if ,the mo'ion was debatable ?
The SPEAKER said, the motion to make this
subject u special order, could only be entertained
by unanimous consent. If the gentleman from Il-
linois desired to move that this subject &e made
the special order for the fourth Tuesday in June, I
the Chair would put the motion, unless objection I
were made. |
Mr. SACKETT said, he understood that there '•
was already a special order for the fourth Tuesday !
in June . I
^ The SPEAKER stated that there was no spe- i
cial order for that day. 1
Mr. FEATH.ERSTON moved to amend by fix- I
ing the second Wednesday in June for the special '
order.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous <
question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the.!
previous question could not he demanded, for the
motion to make the special order could not be •
made, except by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so stated, i
The Chair understands that there is no objection
to the reception of the motion. ■
Mr. THOMPSON objected.
A brief conversation occurred upon the point of
order, whether the objection of Mr. Thompson ;
was not too late, and whether the motion to make \
the special order should not be considered as al-
ready received and now beyond the power of ob- .
jection of a single member. ;
1 he SPEAKER decided, that having propound-
ed the question to the House, whether there were
any objection to the motion, and having heard no
objection, and the motion having been leceived, it
■was now in order and beyond the power of objec-
tion.
Mr. MASON inquired if this subject would not
be the first in order when the House again met, if (
it now adjourned ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative. '
Mr. MASON moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was re- i
jected.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Pending which,
A motion was made that when the House ad-
journ it adjourns to meet on Monday. - ;
The yeas and nays were asked on this motion,
and refused.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Siiepperd and Gerry were appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers reported
ayes 72, noes 73. I
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the demand for the previous question , and was de- J.
cided in the affirmative, without a division. !i
So there was a second. •'
Mr. BURT. I understand, although probably '
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wektttorth] }
did not so express it, that his motion includes the ;
motion to print.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly, 1 include |
eveiything. jj
Tne question, "Shall the main questionhe now
taken r" was put, and decided m the affirmative, ;j
without a division. ,
So the House decided that the main question ;i
should now be taken. :
And the first branch of the main question having
been taken,
The report and all the accompanyingdocuments |j
were ordered to he on the Speaker's table and be :j
pruned. I,
The question then recurred on making the report >
the special order for a day certain. ;
And the question was first taken on the amend- !
ment of Mr. Feathers-ton, that the report be
made the special order for the Wednesday after ,
the. second Tuesday in June, and was decided m \<
the negative.
So the amendment was rejected. ji
The question then recurred on the original
motion of Mr. Wentworth, that the report be j!
tmi
! W I theJ0Urth Tuesday in j Mr. TOOMBS. Do«« the Speaker hold that
' 11 1?V U C X to day thereafter it until it , the committee has power to report at any time>
:: Sht tvr' 0f' li 7he SPEAKER1 adverted tothe deeiLn here-
Mr. i tiUMrsOiV, of Mississippi, demanded il tofore made, and stated that, since the charges had
a Rrtrl notrs l! L  1 _ *  .   ■  . " . .
, | the yeas and nays.
IJ : moved that the House do now ad-
journ. But, he said, before he submitted the
j) motion, he desired to be informed by the Speaker
|| whether, if the House should now adjourn, this I
j would jbe the first business in order to-morrow *'<
I morning:. j.
/j The SPEAKER replied, that it would be the !:
| first business in order.
! Mr. THOMPSON. Then I withdraw my mo- !>
!| tion to adjourn, but I insist on the demand for the !
j yeas and nays on the motion of the gentleman 1
j from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] to make this ;
j subject the special order. 1
i A motion was now made that when the House i
i adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
| The yeas and nays were asked and refused. >\
; The SPEAKER was about to take the question i!
i Mr. STANLY asked, if the question was on
1 the special order?
: The SPEAKER. No; it is on the motion to
- adjourn to Monday.
, And the question was then taken, and decided
; in the affirmative—ayes 72, noes 59.
been made, the question had been recognized_by
the H >use as a privileged question. Therefore,
the committee had power to report at any time.
Mr. OLDS. I move that the further consider*
ation of the report be postponed until Monday
week, and that the report be printed.
Mr. JONES. Before the printing is orderedr I
ask for the reading of the report. *
And thereupon, without further action—
The House adjourned. „
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to. the appro-
,• priate committees: *
; By Mr. COL*E: The petition of A. Pinch, Jr., and 8i
; other citizens of Milwaukee, asking Congress to remit a
; judgment against Sylvester Pettibone.
Also, the petition of D. A. Mackenzie and 138 other citi-
j zem of Potosi, asking Congress for an appropriation for the
j improvement of Polo-a harbor.
AUo, the petition of J. Craig and 83 other citizens of
Grant county, tor the object.
Afso, the petition oi Neteon Barnuin and 48 other citizen?,
i asking Congress ior a  appropriation to open and make a
„ ,      , road from Green Bay to Fort VYj&ins at Copper harbor.
So the House resolved that when it adjourned Also, me petition of James Steele and others, praving
I it would adjourn to Monday. ' (i ConSre8S to admit no more stave Slates.
j Mr. JONES rose, and addressed the Chair in a
I remark, or with a motion, not heard.
Mr. SCHENCK rose, and suggested (jocu-
larly) that perhaps it might be requisite to submit
the usual motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House had decided that it would adjourn to
Monday, and to lay that motion on the table.j
The SPEAKER said he would recogmze no
member until order had been restored.
Mr. OGLE. 1 move that the House adjourn. f
1 he SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
And the question, " Will the House adjourn?
was taken, and decided in the negative—aves 65,
I noe? 72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then again recurred on the motion
that (he report of the committee he made the
special order of the day for the fourth Tuesday in
June, and for each succeeding day thereafter untiJ
finally disposed of.
Mr. JONES moved that the motion be laid upon
the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 25, noes 92.
So the House decided that the motion should
not be laid upon the table.
The question again recurring on the motion for
a special order,
Mr. OGLE said he believed a motion to ad-
journ was now in order. He made that motion.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FEATHERSTON rose to put a question
to the Chair. He had understood the Speaker to
state, that this was a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. FEATHERS TON. Can it be taken up
without the vote of a majority?
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Then it will require
a vote of a majority to take it up r
The SPEAKER. It will—unless it shall be
made a special order.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Wf.stworth, and was decided in the affirm-
tivc, without a division.
So the report was made the special order of the
day for the fourth Tuesday of June next, and
from day to day thereafter, until it shall have been '
finally disposed of.
THE DOORKEEPER.
Mr. OLDS, from the select committee hereto- .
fore appointed to investigate certain charges made ;
against R. E. Horxer, Doorkeeper of the House
o? Representatives, made a report. I
The SPEAKER. What disposition does the
gentleman propose to make of the report?
Mr. JONES interposed, to inquire of the Speak-
er whether this was a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it ia.
ress to admit no more stave Stales.
i! Also, the petition of C. M. Tinker aad others, for the
;; same object.
if AJ-o, the petition of James Steele and others, piajing
Congress to inhibit slaver^and the slave trade in all the ter-
,, ritones ot the United Slates-.
Al-o, the petition of (J. M. Tinker and others for the same
; obj ct.
Also, the petition of James Steele and others, askio«Con-
gress to secure by ia*v the right of trial by jury to alleged
fugitive staves.
Also, the petition of C. M. Tinker andothers, forthe same
:! object,
! Also, the petition of James Steele and others, praying
Congress to repeal all laws now existing for the suppou of
; slavery in the f)i<trict ot Columbia.
1 Also, the petition ot C. M. Tinker and others, for the same
object.
By Mr. BISSELL : The petition of the officers and pri-
• vausof the Mormon battalion, praying thru they be allowed
their traveling expenses from Puebia de lob* Angeles to
I: Council Blutfs.
,1 Also, the petition of T. B. Hurlburt J nd others, citizens
residing in upper Alton, Illinois praying the abolition and
prohibition of slavery and the slave trade nt the territories
i of the United States.
i; Akn, a petition from the same, praying that the privilege
t of trial by jury may be allowed to persons arrested as fugi-
!, live slaves.
A'so, a petilion from the same, against the admission of
1 any more slave States into the Union.
Also, a petition fiom the Mime, in lavor of the repeal of
all laws authorizing or sanctioning slave trade or s!av< ry in
the restrict of Columbia.
By Mr. GERRY: The petition of citizens of Townsend,
; Middlesex county, Massachusetts, in tavor«>f cheap postage.
B\ .Mr. JULIAN7: The petition of 66 citizenis- oi Wayne
■ county. Indiana, prajing Coi gress t«> prohibit slavery and
the slave trade in the territories of the United Slates.
Also, the petition of 68 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Congress to refuse the admission of any more slave
Siatfs.
; By Mr. BRIGGS: The petition of Dr. John S. Banson
' and 24 others, citizens of the city of New York, in favor-of
the reduction of letter postage to two cents prepaid.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The petition of Cath-
1* arine Blevins, of Tennessee, widow of Henry Blevius, pray-
ing Congress to grant her a pension.
i HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
| Mokday, vl/ay 20, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
INVASION OF CUBA.
Mr. INGE asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a resolution, and gave notice
that if objection was made, he should move a sus-
pension of the rules.
i The resolution was read for information, (and
will be found recorded in a subsequent part of this
day's proceedings.)
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made to its reception, and the
regular order of business was caUed for.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. INGE moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER said the motion could not-now
be entertained.
Mr. INGE gave notice that, when the motion
should be m order, he would submit it.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose, he said, to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER said there was already a privi-
leged question pending.
