1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
CASE OF MR. HORNER,
The SPEAK. 12fl stated the business first in or-
der to be the reoort mule on Friday last by the
gemlemtn from Ono, [Mr. Olds.] from the .-elect
committee heretofore appointed to investigate cer-
tain charged made against Robert E. Horner,
acting Doorkeeper of the House of Represent-
atives.
The pending question was on the motion here-
tofore made by Mr. Olds to postpone the further
consideration of the report to a day certain, and
that the report, &c , be printed,
Mr BROWN, of Mississippi, requested the
gentfrman from Ohio [VIr. Olds] to wtthd-aw so
much of the motion as telated to the postpone-
ment of the subject, that he ( VIr. B.) might ask
for the reading of the rep'<u,and nuke one or
two observations. lie promised the House that
he would be very brief.
Mr. OLDS said: Mr. Speaker, before acceding
to the request of the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] it is proper for me to
say, that it was by the duectton of the select com-
mittee that I made the motion to postpone the
consideration of the report ot the committee until
Monday next. I feel myself bound to ask the
honorable gentleman to renew the motion, if I ac-
cede to hid request and withdraw it. it is also
pioper for nie to state, that under the impression
that the rrio ion to postpone would prevail, the
hoooiabta gentleman fiont Ne • Jersey, [Mr. Van
Dyke,J who may be considered the hiend of Mr.
Hon er, bung from the same State, has left the
city, will not return until about the tune speci-
fied.
And whilst I am up, Mr. Speaker, I will take
occasion to coriect, at the rtqujai of the witness,
the statement of W illi on Stevvai t. lie authoi izrs
me to say, ihat he testified undtr a misapprehen-
sion of the question asked bun. In his testimony
be says, 44 thaui had been usual to keep one peison
to assist Mi. Stewart in chaise of the Hall and
Commitue Rooms during the recess of Congress."
He says, he understood the question to be theses-
fcion, and not the rece?.s.
At the request ot the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] t ask leave to with-
draw so much of my motion as lefers to the
postponement of the further consideration of the
report until Monday next.
So the motion to postpone was withdrawn.
[A message in writing was tectived fiom the
Piesidem of (he United States, by the hands ol
Colonel Bliss, his Private JSci't't tary.
Mr. BROvVN, ol Mississippi, smd he desired
to sunmtt a very few remaikt on the subject-mat-
ters embraced m*the, report; and before proceed-
ing to do so, he asked that the report might be
read.
It was read accordingly.
Mr. BROWN proceeded: It will be seen, Mr.
Speaker, that ihe committee, as st^'eu in their ie-
port, have leversed the older or the ch&iges, and
have taken the last fust.
The tlou;-e will tec ollect that I am no way re-
RporiMble tor this report, though I moved the
charges. I was, at my own instance, left i.fF the
Committee, and 1 have pot amended its sittings, nor
bad anything to do in making up the repoit. Hav-
ing seen it stated in .several newspapeis that the
committee have fully acquitted the acting Door-
keeper, i called for the leading of the repoit, that
it might be seen how far these statements were
true. The House and the country can now ju^'ge
for th< mselves.
{So far from an acquittal, it appears that every
material charge has beui fully sustained. The
lbst in the sesies as stated in the repoit, but the
luv-t m the order of their mtiodueuon, the commit-
tee think is not sustained This was not a mate
rial chaige, and wns added by me, as lawyers
sometimes add m their assignment that the veidict
Was contraiy to law and evidence, it was intend-
ed to cover dtfects in the phraseology of the other
charges. The eommutee think this geneial charge,
that the ''acting Dooi keeper had made false
statements m regard to the manner of dischaigmg
hisofhciai duty," has not been sustained by the
evidence, but ihe [loose will judge as to the cot-
ltcme&sof that judgment.
It >eemsthtit i.,e peison cha g^d was, according
to I'se report, "iiiucn importuned in reg srd to ap-
pom ments, and that he made implied promises
winch he could not fulfill," and the committee ex-
cuse it on the ground that the acting Doorkeeper
was a mere tenant at will and was grea'ly embar-
rassed. 1 had supposed that when members of
Congress asked questions of the Doorkeeper, it
wu8 hid duty to answer truly; and i did not sup-
pose that a tear of losing his place would justify
false answer; but if the committee and the House
think that Homer's falsehoods and tergiversa-
tions are justified by his tenancy at will and con-
sequent danger of loss of place, 1 am willing to let
it pass. The charge, though an immaterial one,
is fully proved.
The second charge is of a graver character.
The first part of it is, that a page was dismissed
without cause. This the committee mink was not
sustained; and they proceed to say, that the evi-
dence showed fthat the boy was rude and inatten-
tive, and that this justified his removal—and so it
would, if the lenioval had oeen placed upon this
ground, but it was not. Horner, when asked why
he removed the boy, stated that he was light-fin-
gered, that he had taken propeity thatdttl not be-
long to him, and had been try tug to sell or dispose
of it. This was a clear, distinct chaige of theft.
It was given as the teas  n for uismissuig the boy,
to two mernbeis of the House, and to otheis-.
This was the ctmseassigned for dismissing ihe boy.
Was the charge true or false? for 011 this depends
the question whether the boy was dismissed with-
out cause. It was false. The boy testifies that
he was dismissed on Friday. Claries Stewart,
tiir: assistant Dooi keeper, who has charge of the
Hall, testifies that Horner told him on Friday that
he iiad dismissed the boy James Moore. jNow,
when does Horner charge tjie the't to have been
commuted ? On the Tuesday following. Could an
offence commuted 011 i'utsuay have justified a le-
umval 011 ihe pieocdmg Fiiday? jSo one pretends
that it could;ami as Horner jusufied the removal on
this ground, and assigned no other reason for it, 1
assume with justice, I think,-that the removal was
without cause, and that the committee were mis-
taken in coming to a different conclusion. But
let this pass.
A still 1*101 e material charge is, that he made a
criminal accusation against the boy, calculated to
dishonor him and subject him to punishment if it
was proved.
Gentlemen make lightof this matter. It speaks
not well for their heads or hearts that they do so
It is true, this boy is poor and fnendless. He is
here in your seivice, and it is your duty to pro-
tect and detend him. My heart does not sympa-
thize with the derisive smile ihatgieets this inves-
tigation in certain quarteis. Tne late of tins pooi,
dt fenceless youth to-day may be the fate of others
to-morrow. True, the rich and poweiful are not
in danger, their filends can piotect them; but is
this boy—your servant—less worthy of youi pro-
tection and cate than if he were the son of a na-
boo r Let it be remtmbeied, that while gentlemen
smile and throw derision on this investigation, they
plant thorns in the bieast of a poor but wot thy
family, and consign a boy lately 111 their seivice 10
intamy and disgrace.
In the name of that boy I have appealed to this
House for justice against a false, ci uel, and mali-
cious charge of one of us oifioeis. it shall be seen
sv hether gt eat men can continue to smile over the
toitutes ot a child. Again, 1 say my -heait beats
not in unison with such ciuelty and wrong.
Is the cha ge made by Horner against this boy
true or false r The evidence is cieai that n is tal e.
Not content with making tne chaige complained
of, Homer pursues and persecutes the boy btfuie
the committee with another chaige of the same
kind. This, fortunately, the boy shows by m
comestible proof, was false and slanderous, as
gmssiy so as any ch rge could be.
On what gtoui.d does Homer undertake to prove
that James Mooie had been guilty of the theft which
he laid to his chaige? On tins, sir, and no other:
that a Senate p<>ge had a conveisatum with little
v-Kjoie, m wtuch Moore said he had three or four
pans of gloves, awd asked if' he wanted to buy
them. And this boyish conveisatiun is made the
basis of a et tmiuai una disgraceful charge against a
boy of some fourteen yeais, by the grey-haired
man who dishonors the place of Douikeeper to
this House.
Fortunately,the boy was again enabled to excul-
pate himself trom the foui slanders of his ven-
erable persecutes The Senate page testified that
Moore held the conversation alluded to at eleven
o'cl ck, or about that time. The Sargeant-at-
Arms and his assistant both testify^that the arti-
cles alleged to have been stolen were not taken
until about 3 o Vlock. The committee very justly
conclude, that Moore could not have had property
m his possession at 11 o'clock, which was not
taken until 3 o'clock, it is clear that his conver-
sation was the mere idle boast of a boy. This is
the sole evidence on which the charge rests.
The committee think, when these rumors came
to Horner's ears, hts suspicions may justly have
been awakened. But were mere suspicions to be
made the basis of a charge like this ? Was a boy
to be dismissed from an honorable service and sent
into the world with a name made infamous, on a
mere suspicion ? Was Horner to give a willing
ear to lying rumor, and on us bare authority to
blast forever the character and prospects of a hoy
placed by confiding parents under his care ? I
fear, sir, that the committee, in their anxiety to
deal tenderly with the acting Doorkeeper, have
not sufficiently considered the injury done to this
boy. Horner's relation to the pages on this floor
has been a delicate and sacred one; they are
here under his charge, and if he forgets his duty
towaids them and slanders them, the House holds
the conective in its own hands, anu ought to re-
buke his unfeeling conduct by his prompt dis-
missal.
I may be asked why I take an interest in this
matter? The answer is a plain and easy one: 1
saw a defenceless child oppiessed by a gray-
haired man, and pursuing the instincts of my
nature, I took sides with the weak against the
strong. If the parties had been equally matched,
I would have abstained from ail interference. They
were not, and my feelings revolted at the oppres-
sion which the stiong was visi'ing on the weak.
1 he last charge is fully sustained by the proof
in every particular, and no one who looks at the
report can gainsay it. The proof is clear on every
point, i now charge, on the authority of the
proof lying on your desk, that Robert E. Horner,
the acting Doorkeeper of this House, did make a
false certificate, by which his brother drew his pay
as one of the messengers of this House, at the rate
of two and a half dollars per day, when his said
brother was notoriously absent from this city, in
the S ate of Wisconsin, and then keeping a light-
house, i£t a salary of three hundied and fifty dol-
lars per year, which was paid htm fi nm the national
treasury. He was thus absent for six months,
and Robert E. Homer knew the fact, and gave his
consent to it. rJ}o this, I aver, there in no parallel
case—it is without precedent in the history of the
Government.
I will not further trespass on the patience of the
House by a discussion of this point. The proof
is too clear to admit of a single doubt, k now re-
mains to t e seen whether the House is ready to
endoise this kind of peculation on the Treasury.
Arid by way of testing the sense of the House
on that point, I give notice that I shall at the
proper time uffer the following resolution:
Rfsolred, That Robert E. Horner, the acting Doorkeeper
of the H ju e of Representatives, be, and lie is hereby, itis-
Hiist-ed.
Mr. STANLY inquired if this resolution was
in order ?
The SPEAKER replied that the report of the
committee was the first subject in order for this
morning. The Chair did not understand the gen-
tleman from Mississippi as moving the resolution
at this time; he had merely given notice of his in-
tention to do so.
Mr. BURT suggested that the report of the
committee should he printed before the debate pro-
ceeded any further.
Mr. OLDS remarked, that under the intimation
of the honorable gentleman from Mississippi, that
the House would be called to an itmnedia'e a;tion
upon the report of the committee, he felt con-
strained to make a few brief explanations.
The committee regarded the charge, u that
Horner had made false statements relative to tne
dtschaige of his official duties," as vague and in-
definite. The witness presented to the committee
to substantiate this charge, (an honoiable gentle-
man on this floor,) testified only as to some im-
plied promises ielative to the appointment of cer-
tain pages. The chaige and testimony being both
indefinite, induced the committee to exmeiate
Mr. Horner.
From the concurrent testimony of nearly all the
