1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
r&lity which perpetrates wrong to avoid the ap-
pearance of wrong. I have but a very slight
knowledge of IVlr. Meredith, but I know nothing
m his character which would subject him to the
imputations of the member from New York—
nothing that would enable any man to say he would
upon such principles. The Attorney General I
do know, and X undertake to say for him, that he
would scorn to act upon the motives ascribed to
him. That he would have stood by the law and
the right, no matter how high or how low might
have been the condition of the claimant; and that
no desire to preserve " the peace or the prosperity
of our common Whig party" could have had the
least influence upon his official judgment. Asa
Whig, i enter my protest against any such princi-
ples, and deny that that party is governed by such
principles; and I will add, when it shall be gov-
erned by them, no man will labor more earnestly
for its overthrow than I will. I am content to sub-
mit the Secretaries' conduct to the public, with
these objections of the gentleman to its propriety.
When the reports and the evidence shall have
been printed, I shall wish to submit some consid-
erations upon the legal principles applicable both
to the principal and interest—considerations wholly
opposed to the conclusions of the majority of the
committee, from which I altogether dissent.
Mr. HUBBARD made a statement in relation
to the vote he had given, the purport of which
was not understood by the reporter.
Mr CONGER said he was unwilling that ari
impression should obtain in that House, or in the
country, that his colleague [Mr. Brooks,] who
addressed the House on this subject on Friday
last, stood alone in the opinions he had then
avowed. He now declared to the House and to
the country, that for one, in the vote he should
give upon this question, he stood with him, and he
stood by him; and he was unwilling that the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who had
just addressed the House, should argue this ques-
tion-on the ground that his colleague stood alone in
the opinions which he entertained upon the sub-
ject.
Before the House should come to a decision of
the question—at least before he was called upon
to give a vote upon either of the resolutions that
were appended to the report which had been made,
he desired an opportunity, if he could obtain one,
to express the views he entertained upon the sub-
ject; buthede&ned at present to say, in reply to
what he believed the gentleman from Georgia as-
sumed in his argument, that the last Congress, in
passing the law they did, in relation to this Gal-
phm chum, recognized the validity and justness
of the claim. In relation to that, he begged to
say, that he dissented entirely from any such con-
struction being drawn from the passage of that
law. He recollected the bill very well; and he
recollected very well the time it passed the House.
But so far from believing that it recognized any
such principle as that, he had supposed that the
whole merits of the claim were committed to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and that he was to ex-
amine into its validity. And, so far from desiring
to cast blame or censure upon the Secretary of
War alone, he went to the full extent of censuring,
so far as his vote was conccrned, the action of Sec-
retary Walker, and Secretary Meredith, and above
all, the Attorney General, m giving the opinion
which he had siven m relation to the subject.
Mr. BROOKS, i am glad, sir, that the gentle-
man from Georgia has taken this occasion to say,
that he should improve the earliest opportunity to
challenge a vote in this House upon the propriety
of the conduct of the Secretary of War; that he is
riot content to let things stand as they now are—
to let the record remain as it stands at piesent,
from the report of the committee; and I trust that
he will improve the earliest opportunity that can
be afforded to him in this House, by the introduc-
tion of a resolution, or resolutions, which shall im-
mediately command an expression of opinion in
this House. It is due to all concerned, and it is
due to the country.
There are two very important questions in-
volved in this matter, which should come before
the Hou^e and the country, and be settled imme-
diately. The first is, whether the Secretary of
Wart'houM be interesting himself in claims, orm
the collection of claims, while holding the office of
•Secretary; and the second is, whether the Secre-
tary of the Treasury should pay triple, nay, nearly
four times the amount of the principal of a claim,
as interest, when Congress is in session,and when,
by law, he has been called upon " to examine,"
and " to adjust" the claim itself. If the Executive
Departments of this Government have any such
power, there is no necessity for this House;
there is no necessity for Congress; and it is in vain
that the people elect Representatives here to
hold their purse strings, if the accounting officers
of the Government are thus to be overruled by the
Attorney Genera], and to disburse the public
money without an appropriation on the part of
Congress. Here are about $40,000 principal,
which it is said have been appropriated by Con-
gress, though never thus appropriated, I think;
and nearly $200,000 interest, which have been ap-
propriated elsewhere, upon a construction by the
Attorney General, overruling and overriding the
decisions of the Comptroller of the Treasury. The
principle is monstrous, and no mart can maintain it
before the people. If such things can be done, I
repeat, there is no necessity for this body to hold
the purse strings, and you may as well at once go
home, and abandon your Treasury to your At-
torneys General. You may pile tariff upon tariff—
" Pelion upon Ossa," and you cannot raise reve-
nue enough to maintain the Government, if this
principle is established, and you at once abandon
your Treasury. But if it is to be established-—if
such is the law,—let it at once be so understood—
the sooner the better. I would like to have the
question decided, and decided now. I would
like to have it go before the people, whether, by
forcible implication, or by construction of the ac-
counting officers, or the Attorney General, the pub-
lic money is thus to be appropriated away. I would
like to have it decided whether we are to permit
the giving away of $100,000, day after day, upon
any such construction as the gentleman from
Georgia may give to this law,—whether authoriz-
ing only the examination and adjustment ofa claim
at the Treasury, whether we are hereafter to expend
millions upon millions of dollars upon no better
authority than this. I take the ground, though no
one stand by me, that the principle is wrong, and
the sooner those who hold to it are compelled
by law to abandon it, the better. We hold the
purse strings—we are the guardians of the public
money. When we mean to pay interest,*we say so
directly, or by unavoidable implication. The power
of executive appropriation of the public money is
a power that has sprung up of late years. It was
to some extent commenced by Attorney General
Butler, ovenuled by Attorney General Crittenden,
and carried to an alarming extent by the present
Attorney General, in the decision in the Galphin
claim.
Sir, I do not intend to discuss any further than
I discussed the other day, the connection of the
Secretary of War with this claim of principal and
interest by the heirs of George Galphin. If the
gentleman from Georgia feels—as he does feel, un-
doubtedly—that there is no indelicacy in that con-
nection, it is not within my power to correct his
judgment. He is beyond anyio^icof mine. If
he thinks it proper that the Secretary of War
should exert his influence with the Secretary of
the Tieasury—speaking, not for himself, but for
his " Georgia friends"—,—
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the gentleman mean to
assert that the Secretary of War did exert bis in-
fluence with the Secretary of the Treasury' .
Mr. BROOKS. I understand that it appears
from the testimony, though I have not seen it, that
Mr. Crawford never said he had any connection
with the subject, but urged the speedy decision of
the case in behalf of his "Georgia friends" 
"Suppressio veri, siiggestio falsi." I shall not make
either the liberal or the literal translation. I said
the other day, and I hold now, that it was the duty
of the Secretary of War, speaking for his "Geor-
gia friends," and demanding a decision on their
behalf, to have said, also, that he was one of those
"Georgia friends"—that he was deeply and |
largely connected with the claim—thst he had an
interest in it to the amountof $115,000. That was
all 1 said. If I differ with the gentleman either in
the matter of morality or judgment—if the gentle- I
man cannot appreciate my morality or my judg- I
ment—1 certainly cannot appreciate his. ]'f the !
school of morality in which 1 have been educated
is not so elevated as that in which the gentleman
has been trained, it has been my misfortune, and
not my fault. We must both go before the tribu-
nal of the public for an examination and adjust-
ment of our respective moralities in this case", and
I fearlessly leave that tribunal to decide between
us.
[f the gentleman had been in the House the
other day, and had heard all the remarks whieh I
made—and I can assure him, now, that he shall
have the benefit of them hereafter, in order to save
myself from misrepri sentation here and elsewhere
—he would not have found it necessary to make the
statements which he has made this morning as re-
gards the politics of Geo. Galphin, the Indian trader
of ancient times, nor to have dwelt, perhaps, upon
some other matters which he has introduced to this
House. I had not time within the hour allotted
to me then, nor shall [ now undertake to give a
history of the whole action of Georgia upon this
claim. I might, had I time, bring forth an able
report which the gentleman from Georgia intro-
duced into the Georgia Legislature in 1839, in ref-
erence to the Galphin claim. Did he then main-
tain, as he does to-day, that it was a debt due by
the United States? Not at all. He contended
that it was a debt due exclusively by the State of
Georgia. He threw the whole weight of his argu-
ment into that one point. And when an attempt
was made afterwards in the Legislature of Geor-
gia to saddle it upon the United States, by a reso-
lution of instruction introduced, calling upon the
Georgia members of Congress to urge the payment
of the claim, the Georgia Legislature, whn h he
had been instructing by his report, and addressing
by his eloquence, oveiruled the report by three to
one, and rejected the resolution which declared it
a national claim, by two to one. 1 appeal,then,
for support for myself from the gentleman from
Georgia to the gentleman's constituents, upon
whom he couid not bring to bear the force of his
arguments, written or oral, to maintain this either
a State or a national claim; and when, in ihe sub-
sequentsession of the Georgia Legislature, another
gentleman from Georgia, now a member of this
House, introduced another series of resolutions in-
structing the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress from Georgia to press this claim in Wash-
ington, that series was laid upon the table, and
was not again taken up, that 1 can find. All efforts
that have been made in Georgia to make that State
recognize this claim as a debt due either from her
or from the Federal Government, have been made
in vain; and this, too, where the owners of the
claim were men of powerful influence, and where
the facts were well known, and although those
efforts have extended through three quarters of a
century. If this claim be a just and honest one 
if it is founded on just principles—it is cerlainly
m Georgia that it should be recognized first; and
it is by that State that it should be first paid. If
the people of Georgia cannot be convinced that it
is a debt due by the National Government, is it a
matter of astonishment if I express surprise and
amazement when 1 see how it has been examined,
adjusted, audited, and paid, by a decision of the
Attorney General overruling the Comptroller of
the Treasury? My surprise and amazement may
well be deemed natural, and must not be attributed
to obtuseness of intellect, or obliquity of senti-
ment.
I stand upon the records of Georgia, in the ar-
gument which I put forth the other day. I swnd
upon the unanswerable facts to be found in those
records, against the claim, as regards the United
States. And when I see it repudiated, and after
much discussion m the Senate, though smuggled
into the treaty of New Echota, I stand upon that
fact too. And if such facts are not strong enough
to sustain my position, I know not upon what
foundation a man can safely stand. I—
Mr. BUTLER said he desired to ask the
honoial.le j.entleman whether the decision of the
Attorney General was not paramount to an act of
Congress? His understanding of the matter was,
that when a question arose upon the construction
of a law, and the question of construction was
referred to the Attorney General, and he gave his
opinion upon the subject, that opinion possessed
as much binding force as an act of Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh! no, no, no. No con-
struction by the Attorney General has the binding
force of an act of Congress. Nobody has any
right to appropriate the public money, except the
Representatives of the people. We speak for,
and m behalf of the people. We hold the strings
of the people's purse, and nobody else. The
