1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
theory of all popular governments is, that the
Representatives of the people hold the treasury
keys. All bills raising revenue must have their
birth-place in this House. Nor do I hold that
the Attorney General has a right to overrule the
accounting officer of the Treasury, in " the
examination" or "adjustment" of a claim sub-
mitted to the treasury, by law, for such examina-
tion and adjustment. The practice of the Gov-
ernment, I admit, has been against this opinion,
but it is a dangerous practice, and it is time it
was checked. The Attorney General's duty, under
the aet whjch created the office, is " to give his
advice and opinion on questions of law, when re-
quired," but not to "examine" and "adjust"
claims. When the Comptroller of the Treasury,
in examining and adjusting Galphin's claim, had
no doubts or difficulties as to disallowing the in-
terest demanded, it was not the duty or the busi-
ness of the Attorney General to interfere, and to
make a law give interest, which the law gave
neither in words nor by implication. The princi-
ple, if such a principle exists, I hold to be mon-
strous, and it ought no longer to be tolerated.
Here is a case where about forty thousand dollars
have been by implication appropriated by Con-
gress, and about two hundred thousand dollars
afterwards added on in interest, through the con-
struction, that in this impIicatioMMfcan appropria-
tion of a principal, interest was Wmf implied.
Mr. CONRAD desired to ask the honorable
gentleman, whether he supposes the opinion of
the present Attorney General overrules the opinion
of former Attorneys General >
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, no; I did not say so.
Mr. CONRAD. I would inform the gentleman,
that from the commencement of the Government,
the legal advisers of the Government had always
been in favor of the allowance of interest.
Mr. BROOKS. Far from it. The decided
majority is against the practice.
Mr. BUTLER desired to ask, whetherthe gen-
tleman from New York could cite a case in which
a Secretary had overruled the decision given by
an Attorney General, when his opinion was
asked ?
Mr. BROOKS. My researches have not been
directed to that point.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, this was an interesting
family quarrel, and he did not wish to interrupt it.
He said he had not intended to make any remarks
on the question now under consideration; nor
would he do so until the reports of the majority
and minority of the committee were printed. But
he gave notice that there was a resolution that he
intended to offer, which he believed to be import-
ant, and one which should have been reported bv
the majority of the committee. He was not will-
ing that there should be only talk without action—
" all cry and no wool." If upwards of $190,000
had been drawn from the Treasury improperly,
it seemed to him to be the duty of that House to
endeavor to get it back again. He did not hold
that the committee had been appointed merely for
the purpose of throwing censure upon the charac- !
ter of the Secretary of War; but he held it to be !
the duty of the House to require the Judiciary i
Committee, if this money had been diawn im-
properly from the Treasury, to report a bill for the
institution of a suit to restore the money to the
Treasury. No resolution of that kind had been
reported; and he would, therefore, send to the
Chair a resolution, which, if in order, he would
offer now; and, if not in order at this time, he de-
sired that it should come in at the proper time, as
an amendment to the report of the majorNf of the
committee.
The resolution was here read, as follows :
Resolved, That tile Committee on the Judiciary he in-
structed to report a bill to this House, authorizing and re-
quiring the proper Distuct Attorney ot the United States to
institute a suit or suits against tile executor of George Gal-
phin, George W. Crawford, and others, to recovei back ttie
sum off$19l,3r>2 89, heing the amount pinii to said parties as
interest, under the act of August, 1848.
This would be something practical. One of the
resolutions which had been reported was, that the
money had been improperly paid. He would ex-
press no opinion upon that subject at present,
although he would probably do so when the sub-
ject should come up for discussion. But if the
money had been improperly paid he would ask
how could the House justify itself merely by say-
ing so and going no further ?
Mr. RICHARDSON said, he would suggest to
I his friend from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] difficulties
I in the way of recovering the money after the same
| had been paid out under a misapprehension of the
I law. The law, 1 understand to be well settled,
that every person in this country is presumed to
know the law, and money paid out under a mis-
apprehension cannot be recovered. Again, the law
vests a discretion -in the officer, and however much
he may abuse that discretion, the Government is
concluded by his action. Both of these principles
would interpose and bar the recovery.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, that this money may
have been paid without any authority of law. The
court may decide that the decision of Mr. Walker
paying only the principal, may have been final,
and exhausted the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury. But whatever may be the law or
custom*in regard to money erroneously paid, he
would not believe that the Secretary of War would
avail himself of any technical or merely legal ob-
jections. He believed that the friends of the Sec-
retary would prefer that such a motion as he pro-
posed would be adopted. There were contradict-
ory reports from the majority and minority of the
committee, and whatever might be the decision
of the House, its action might perhaps be regard-
ed as dictated by party prejudice; but if the case
were to go before the Supreme Court, the high
standing of that tribunal would give its decision
a binding efficacy, and if that decision supported
the decision of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Attorney General, they would have the satis-
faction of being sustained before the country. If
otherwise, they would of course be subjected to
deserved odium. He believed, as he had said,
the parties who received this interest would not
avail themselves of mere technical objections.
they would do so, he desired that it should be
manifested. He wished the Judiciary Committee
to report a bill requiring the United States District
Attorney to institute proceedings for the recovery
of the money; and whatever might be the decision
of the supreme tribunal of the country, it would
be acquiesced in, and silence or confirm the clamor
which now exists throughout the country. He
would merely add, that he believed it to be the
duty of the Democratic party in this House, and
the Whigs opposed to theGalphin claim, to vote for
| his proposition if they declared that they believed
I the money to have been improperly drawn from
| the Treasury. They would be discharging but
: one-half of their duty in making this declaration
| without instituting further proceedings of some
i kind or other. In the remarks which he had
j made, he meant to be understood as casting no
! reproach upon the Secretary of War, a gentleman
j with whom he was not personally acquainted.
I When the time artived for discussion, he would
then be prepared to enter upon that discussion,
and be better acquainted with all the facts con-
nected with the case under consideration, than he
was at this time. He asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce his amendment
now, in order that it might be printed with the
report.
Objection being made—
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a suspension of the
rules in order to enable him to offer it.
Mr. PRESTON KING femarked that the gen-
tleman from Texas had given notice of his inten-
tion to offer this resolution as an amendment to
the resolutions reported by the majoiity of the
committee when the subj.ect should come up for
consideration. He had supposed that the subject
had been taken up this morning, merely for the
purpose of having a reply to the argument ad-
vanced on Friday last, so that an argument on
both sides should go to the country together, inas-
much as the general discussion of the subject had
been postponed to a future day, and the testimony,
in the meanwhile, had been ordered to be printed.
When theday for its discussion arrived, therefore,
they could take it up with a full knowledge of the
facts of the case.
He concluded by moving to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
THE CENSUS.
The conferees appointed by the House of Rep-
resentatives have met the conferees on the part of
the Senate, and conferred upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon bill No. — of the
Senate, for taking the seventh census, and other
censuses, and to fix the' number of Representa-
tives, and to apportion the same among the States;
and the conferees agreed to recommend to the con-
sideration of their respective Houses the follow-
ing arrangement:
First. The Senate shall recede from their dis-
agreement to the amendment to the first section of
the bill, as proposed by the House, awl agree- to
thesame. . ,
Second. TheHouse shall recedefrom itsametid-
ment striking out the twenty-third, section of the
bill, and that section be retained.
Third. The amendment which strikes out all
the tables from the bill, and inserts others, shall
be arranged as follows:
The first table is identical with the original.
The second table has two additional columns.
The third table is to be modified in several par-
ticulars:
First. Strike out all which relates to live slock,
being eight columns, from No. 6 to No. 13 inclu-
sive, and insert what is contained in table 5 of the
original bill, namely, the columns numbered from
four to ten inclusive, with the headings on the
same subject. s-
Second. Assign two instead of one column to
potatoes, in the manner of columns twenty and
twenty-one in said original (able five.
Third. Assign one column instead of two to
ptas and beans; and one instead of two to honey
and beesioax, in the manner of columns twenty-two
and twenty-three in said original table five.
Fourth. The forty-fifth column in said original
table five, shall be transferred, with the heading re-
lating to animals slaughtered, to the amended table.
Fifth. Columns numbered forty-eight, forty-
nine, fifty, and fifty-one, shall be stricken from
this table of the House.
The fourth table is identical with that in the ori-
ginal bill upon the same subject.
The sixth table is identical with that in the origin-
al bill upon the same subject.
With the several modifications, above mentioned,
to the third table, the Senate is to agree to the
amended tables of the House, numbered one, two,
three, four, and six.
The fifth table. The House is to recede from its
amendment to the table numbered five, adapted to
the social statistics, with this modification: The
Senate table shall be so arrainged as to make room
for a column to be headed "Periodicals including
newspapers,'' which column shall be subdivided
into four columns, the first to be headed " name,"
the second "class," the third "how often pub-
lished," and fourth " number of circulation."
R. K. MEADE,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
C. S. MOREHEAD.
Mr. HUBBARD stated at a previous part of the
day, that having paired off with a gentleman from
New York, he had inadvertently voted. As his
vote did not change the result, however, he did
not deem it necessary to ask that it be taken from
the record.
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 63 citizens of Marion
county, Indiana, praying Congress to provide a trial by juiy
for persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 61 citizens of the same county, pray-
g Congress to prohibit slavery and the slave tiade m ail
the territories of tile United States.
Also, the petition of 59 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Congress to refu^ the admission of any more slave States.
Al-o, the petition of 60 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Consress to repeal alt laws by which slavery and the
lave trade is sanctioned in the District ot Columbia.
By Mr. HEBARD: The petition of Dana Pejree and S2
others, citizens of Windsor county, in the State of Vermont,
asking- for a law, that no alleged "fugitive from service shall
he delivered to his cldiinant, except upon the finding of a
jury that he is the sUve of the claimant.
Also, the petition of same, praying that slavery and the
slave trade may be prohibited m ail the territories of the
United States.
Also, the petition of the same, asking for the repeal of aH
laws which sanction slavery in the District of Columbia, or
for the removal of the seat of Government.
Also, the petition of the same, praying that no State fee
hereafter admitted into the Union, unless slavery shall be
prohibited within the same.
By Mr. WENTWOKTH: The petition of citizens of
