1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
in the office. Unless, therefore, he can specify
some particular case, some existing evil which
requires a remedy, it seems to me this would be a
reflection upon the officers of the Patent Oflipe.
I really think that this amendment is not worth
the time which it has occupied.
Mr. DICKINSON. If it be an objection to this
amendment that it is a reflection upon the officers,
then we would have stopped all sorts of legislation.
We are constantly regulating the departments of
the Government by legislation; but that is no re-
flection upon the officers. I shall make no reflec-
tion, nor shall I be drawn off by any issues so
far-fetched. I have stated over and over again
that I did know of cases, of repeated cases, during
the last two years, where applications for patents
had been taken up out of their order. All 1 want
is a general rule which shall be applicable to all
cases.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. The hour having arrived for the
special order of the day, I hope the gentleman hav-
ing charge of this bill will consent to its postpone-
ment.
Mr. TURNEY. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until half-
past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
INVASION OF CUBA.
Mr. YULEE. I desire, Mr. President, to sub-
mit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales he re-
quested to inform the«Senate whether any and what inform-
ation , has h^ggn received by the Executive Departments
respecting an alleged revolutionary movement in the Wand
of Cuba, and to communicate to the Senate copies of all
correspondence and oiders relative thereto.
I wish, Mr. President, to make a single remark
only. I was surprised this morning to find an an-
nouncement in two of the papers published in this
city, that a portion of the ships of the navy, em-
bracing several vessels of war belonging to the
United States, have been ordered to the Island of
Cuba for the purpose of carrying on what seems to
me to be a war without the authority of the Con-
gress of the United States. Itseems to me—I may
have been wrong in the impression which has been
produced upon my mind—that we should have the
earliest possible intelligence as to the cause which
has produced this action.
•Mr. WEBSTER., (in his seat.) It is not in or-
der to debate the matter now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution lies
on the table one day under the rules.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, being the bill to admit California as
a State into the Union, to establish territorial gov-
ernments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment of her
western and northern boundaries.
Mr. CLEMENS resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced on Thursday last,
and was replied to at some length by Mr. FOOTE,
of whose speeches a report will be found in the
Appendix.
After a brief explanation by Mr. TURNEY,
on the motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business, and,
aftersome time spent therein, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 21, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
RECIPROCITY WITH CANADA.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked and obtained
leave to introduce an amendment to the bill re-
ported the other day from the Committee on Com-
merce, relative to reciprocity with Canada. The
amendment was, on his motion, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
REIMBURSEMENT TO MAINE.
Mr. FULLER asked the unanimous consent to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, that it might be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary and printed.
The title of the bill was read as follows:
"A bill authoiizing the payment of interest
upon advances made by the State of Maine for
the use of the United States Government for the
protection of her northeastern boundary."
Objection being made,
The bill was not received.
Mr. F. proposed to move a suspension of the
rules for its reception; but the motion waa not in
order.
Mr. TUCK addressed the Chair, and wag recog-
nized.
Mr. JONES called for fhe orders of the day.
The SPEAKER said the Chair did not know
for what purpose the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Tuck] had risen. That gentleman
was therefore entitled to the floor until he had
stated the object he had in view.
PAY OF OFFICERS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. TUCK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce a bill to regulate the pay of
certain collectors, naval officers, and surveyors of
the customs, with a view to move.its reference and
printing.
Objection being made, the bill was not received.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the further
consideration of the President's message commu-
nicating the constitution of California. He with-
drew the motion temporarily, at the request of
Mr. Bowlin.
SURVEYS, ETC., OF LAND IN OREGON.
Mr. BOWLIN asked leave to report back from
the Committee on Commerce, with amendments,
the bill No. 250, entitled "A bill to create the
office of surveyor-general of the public lands in
Oregon, and to provide for the survey, and to
make donations to settlers upon the said public
lands, with the view to move their reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that the amendments be printed.
Objections being made, the bill was not received.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT MOBILE.
Mr. COLCOCK, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill authorizing the erection of
a new, or the repairs of the old custom-house, in
the city of Mobile, in the State of Alabama.
The bill, on his motion, was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. INGE proposed to move to make the bill a
special order for the fourth of July next.
The SPEAKER said, the motion could only be
received by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. COLCOCK also reported from the same
committee a bill authorizing the erection of a new,
or the repairs of the old ctfstom-house, in the city
of Bath, in the State of Maine.
This bill, on his motion, took the same direction
as the bill previously reported by the same gen-
tleman.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to make certain re-
ports.
Mr. CONRAD objected, not (he said) because
of any objection on his part to the reports of the
gentleman from J>&>rth Carolina [Mr. Daniel]
being received, but because he (Mr.C.) wished to
make a report from the Committee on Commerce,
which was now in order.
MAILS NEW ORLEANS AND VERA CRUZ.
Mr. C. reported from the Committee on Com-
merce a bill to authorize the Postmaster General
to contract for carrying the mail in steamboats
between New Orleans, and Vejja Cruz, and inter-
mediate points.
Mr. POTTER inquired if it would be in order
to move to recommit the bill to the Standing Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads?
The SPEAKER. The motion would be in
order.
Mr. POTTER. I make that motion.
Mr. CONRAD said he hoped not. This bill
had been a matter of very thorough consideration
by the Committee on Commerce. He thought
there was some debate before the reference was
made as to what was the appropriate reference.
The practice of the House had been various:
similar bills, for some time past, had been referred
to the Committee on Naval AfTaiis. In no in-
stance had the subject of the transportation of the
mail by sea been acted upon by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. It had hereto-
fore been acted upon by the Committee on Naval
Affairs; but that was because it was contemplated
by that bill that the vessels for conveying the
mails should be built under contract with theG-ov-
ernment, and under the superintendence of the
Navy Department, and be commanded by officers
of the navy. But this bill provided for nothing
of the kind. It provided simply for contracts for
carrying the mail by steamers from New Orleans
and Vera Cruz. The Committee on Commerce
had long1 had the bill under consideration.
Mr. POTTER interposed, and inquired of the
gentleman from Louisiana what rates of postage
the bill provided, and what compensation it allowed
the steamboats for carrying the mail ?
Mr. CONRAD said, the Committee on Com-
merce had consulted the Post Office Department
on the subject, and the bill proposed such rates as
the department recommended—viz: twenty cents
for letters between New Orleans and Vera Cruz,
and the same rate for letters between any one
Mexican port and another.
Mr. POTTER said, he understood that the
bill made a very important change in the rates of
postage.
Mr. CONRAD repeated that it made no change
at all in the rates. It adopted the Yates fixed by
the law of 1845, for letters transported between
the United States and any of the West India
Islands.
Mr. POTTErc. What compensation to the
steamships does the bill provide for carrying the
mail ?
Mr. CONRAD. No compensation is fixed; the
bill provides for carrying the mail under contract
by the lowest bidder.
He moved that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed.
Mr. STRONG said he hoped the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] would pre-
vail. The past experience of this country upon
this subject, although short, had been very in-
structive in regard to this system of contracts for
carrying the mail by ocean steamers. The Gov-
ernment had already loaded itself with an annual
expense of about one million and a half of dollars,
which was to extend during the period of ten
years, for the purpose of accommodating those
who might have letters to send across the ocean
or the gulf. They had, to be sure, fastened a part
of this burden upon the naval service; they had
treated it, to some extent, as if it were a naval ser-
vice, whereas it must be apparent to every man
who looked into the subject, that it was not a na-
val service at all; that, if it were a servic^to be
provided for by any Department at all, it was by
the Post Office Department. Now, it had long
been a settled principle—a principle from which
this House, he presumed, had no disposition to
depart—that the expenses of the Post Office De-
partment were to bear some proportion to its in-
come; but if they undertook to load the Post Of-
fice Department with the expenses of these con-
tracts for carrying the mail by steamers on the
Gulf of Mexico, or across the ocean, the people of
this country looked in vain for the success of the
cheap postage experiment, which some of them
had at heart. He was utterly opposed to all this
system of contracts for carrying the mail across
the ocean or across the Gulf of Mexico, except be-
tween our own ports; and he thought at all events,
as to a subject of that kind, so intimately connect-
ed as it was with the expenses of the Post Office
Department, and with the feasibility of reducing
the rates of internal postage in the country, it was
but fair that it should be referred to that standing
committee which had in its charge the wants of
the Post Office Department, and all the business
connected with the Post Office Department. He
wanted that committee to examine how much ad-
ditional expense was to be imposed upon the Post
Office Department-—how much less probability
there would be of reducing the rates of internal
postage, in consequence of carrying the mails by
these ocean steamers, under the contracts now
proposed by the Committee on Commerce. He
thought that subject was as legitimately within
the province of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads as any other matter which was
under their supervision; and he must express his
surprise that the Committee on Commerce had felt
themselves called upon to step aside from the real
wants of commerce—from the real business which,
as it seemed to him,appertained to that committee
