103*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
The hour having expired—
Mr. THOMAS obtained the floor; but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed, the committee
rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c , were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. CALVIN: The petition of R. B. Wallace and 45
other citizens of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, prajing
for a modification of the present tariff.
Also, the petition of John Ferguson and 69 other citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that the pennon laws granting
land to soldier may be extended to the officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812 and ro their heir3.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition ofLuman Munsell and
others, of Winchester, in the State of ConiiMMieut, prayin*
that no State he HerpafW admitted into the Union unless
slavery shall be prohibited therein.
Also, from the same, praving for the repeal of all laws
enacted by Congre-^. Ijv which .-lavi-ry or the slave trade is
sanctioned in the Dist ict of Cohimhn, and in the event of
their non-repeal, that the seat of the National Government
may be removed to some more suitable location.
Also, from the pra\ing that shivery and the slave
trade may be prohibited in all the territories of the United
States.
Also, from the samp, praying for the tiial by a jury for
fugitives beforp thev shall ho delivered up totheirclaimants.
By Mr. HOUSTON* The memorial of the Board of
Trade of the city of Wilmington, Delaware, asking an ap-
propriation to erect arustom-house in that city.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 21, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of the In-
terior, marie in compliance with a resolution of
the 2d instant, calling for the correspondence on
file in that department relating to the operations
of the commission for running the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico, communi-
cating all the information in the possession of the
department relating to that service; which was
read.
Also, a communication from the. Secretary of
State, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate calling for copies of the instructions and
correspondence of the agent employed to visit
Hungary during the recent war between that
country and Austria, transmitting recent dispatches
from the resident minister at Constantinople,
forming a sequel to the correspondence before
enumerated, explanatory of the measures adopted
by Mr. Marsh, and the result, under the instruc-
tions of tha department, dated January 12th,
1850; which was read, and the motion to print
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a communication from the Department of
the Interior, made in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, calling for the papers of the late
Alexander Sanders, a Cherokee Indian, claiming
a pension under the treaty of 1805, and a copy of
the decision of the Commissioner of Pensions dis-
allowing the claim, covering the evidence filed in
the department and the decision of the Commis-
sioner; which was read.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
calling for a statement of the extent and value of
the commerce of the Ohio and its tributaries;
which was read and ordered to be printed.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting reports from the
Secretaries of Warand.the Interior, in compliance
with a resolution of the 30th ultimo, calling for in-
formation in relation to the hostilities and outrages
committed during the past year by the Seminole
Indians in Florida; which, with the accompany-
ing documents, were laid on the table, and the
motion of Mr. Yulee to print was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented four petitions from citi-
zens of Indiana, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Otteredage to Scipio, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of Seth M. Leavenworth,
asking compensation for damages sustained in con-
sequence of an alleged violation on the part of the
Postmaster General of fiis contract for carrying the !
mail; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. I
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of the
Life Saving Benevolent Association of New York,
asking that an appropriation may be made to en-
able them to complete their apparatus for the res-
cuing of crews and passengers of wrecked and
stranded vessels; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
v^Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Edward Lynch, asking that an improvement in-
vented by him, called a condenser and evaporator,
may be attached to the boilers of the United States
steamer Jefferson; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CORW1N present the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Cin-
cinnati, in Ohio, asking the erection of a Marine
Hospital at that place; which was referred^to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HALE presented a petition, signed by Ed-
ward J. Collins and eighty-two others, inhabitants
of Meridan, New Haven county, Connecticut, ask-
ing that no State may be admitted into the Union
whose constitution does not expressly prohibit
slavery within its limits.
Also, a petition from John J. Norris and fifty-
three other inhabitants of Boontown, Morris
county, New Jersey; also, from A. J. Foss and
twelve others, of Manchester, New Hampshne;
also, from Israel Dill and thirty-one other inhabit-
ants of Knox county, Ohio; also, from Joseph
Keith and eighty-five other inhabitants of Auburn,
in the State ot Maine; also, from Daniel (Jhadee
and sixty-iwo others, inhabitants of Hampden
county, Massachusetts; also, from William A.
■Disney and twenty-six other inhabitants of Knox
county, Ohio;also, from Joel Hyer and thirty-five
other inhabitants of Cheshire county, New Hamp-
shire; also, from Sylvester Smith and fifty-eight
other inhabitants ofSusquehanna county,Pennsyl-
vania; and Willard Jafts and one hundred other
citizens of Middlesex county, Massachusetts, for
the same piayer; all of which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial of citizens
of Minnesota Territory, asking a grant of land for
the purpose of constructing a magnetic telegraph
in that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. UPHAM presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Vermont, asking that no State may be
admitted into the Union whose constitution does
not piohibit slavery within its limits; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, asking that no State may be
admitted into the Union whose constitution does
not prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking thai slavery may be prohibited by law in
all the territoiies of the United States.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefiom.
Also, from citizens of the same State, asking
that the right of trial by jury may be secured by
law to fugitive slaves; all of which were ordered
to lie on the table.
On motion bjfMr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the petition presented hy him, asking that
a Government vessei nmy he employed to carry delegates
from the United States in the Peace Convention at Frankfort,
Germany, hi. referred to the Committee on Nuvai Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTJE.ES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to reduce
the maximum price of the yellow-pine lands on
pine barrens, reported back the same with amend-
ments, accompanied by a communication from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office as a re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the additional doc-
ument in relation to the claims of James M.
Marsh, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the report of the Secre-
tary of War in relation to the extent of the value
of the commerce of the lakes, and a subsequent
report from the Secretary of War in relation to the
commerce on the Mississippi and its tributaries,
reported in favor of printing the documents; which
was agreed to.
THE CUBAW EXPEDITION.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, the Senate took up
for consideration the following resolution, submit-
ted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested toulform the Senate whether anv and what informa-
tion has lieen received by the Kxeennve Department respect-
ing an alleged military expedition against the Island of Cuba,
and to comnvnncate to the Senate copies of at! correspond-
ence and orders relative thereto.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask the consent of
the Senator from Florida to submit an amendment:
" And that he he requested lo inform the Senate Iiv what
authority he has sent an armed vessel or vessels for the sup-
piession of such insurrection, if sueh be the tact."
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection to the
amendment; I have no objection to'enlarge the in-
quiry to any extent which any gentleman may
desire. As 1 presented the resolution, 1 feel myself
called upon to state, as briefly as I may, the reasons
which induced me to move it. I think it proper
to say, in the first place, that 1 propose to offer no
opinion whatever, nor do 1 design this resolution
to be regarded as committing the Senate to any
opinion, with respect to the merits of the revolu-
tionary movement which is supposed to be on
foot, if any such there be. Nor do 1 know whether,
in fact, any exp^Ution which can be regarded ill
the eye of the lafPas a military expedition, has
been undertaken. It may be so or not. Rumors
tend that way, but the information is various. I
have received this morning information which
may he considered reliable, that what is alleged to
be a military expedition is not such a one, in fact,
as comes within the purview of any provision of
the law of 2838. But, however this may be, I re-
gard it as immaterial to the issue 1 have in view.
I think it right further to state distinctly, that I
regaid it to be a high moral and political obligation
of this Government to maintain with honest soli-
citude its neutrality in respect to the affairs of
other nations, and I recognize the duty of the Ex-
ecutive to use all legitimate means to preserve the
public peace, and to enforce the execution of our
neutrality laws by all the legitimate means ap-
pointed by the laws of Congress.
But my object in moving this resolution is partly
to call the attention of the Senate to what seems
to me to be a very serious usurpation of power on
the part of the Executive; to point the notice of
this body and the country to a proceeding that
seems to me to be designed to cover up a negli-
gence of administration within our jurisdiction
by a usurpation of power beyond it; to cover up
a delinquency at home by a great wrong abr&ad;
by a wrong which strikes at civil and individual
right; which strikes at the constiiutional pieroga-
tives of Congress, and violates that policy adopted
by this Government from an early date, of abso-
lute non-intervention in the civil broils and com-
motions of other parts of the world. To under-
stand the character of this movement on the part
of the Executive, it will be necessary to refer to
the announcement made yesterday simultaneously
in two of the papers of this city, whieh are re-
garded as the organs of the Administration and the
official exponents of its current transactions. We
are informed that a squadron has been ordered 
where ? Not to any pari of the United States to
prevent the "carrying on," according to the mean-
ing of the law, nn alleged military expedition
against a friendly foreign Power; but where ? " To
the Island of Cuba," a foreign dominion, beyond
our jurisdiction; not to operate upon the high
seas, but upon the coast of Cuba, and within the
waters and jurisdiction of that island. To do
what there? First to prevent the landing of any.
force, or the carrying out of any enterprise organ-
ized m the United States. This is bad enough;
but with further instructions—and it is to this
aspect of the case I desire especially to invite atten-
tion—with this further remarkable instruction, in
the language of the editorial in the Intelligencer:
" In the event of a binding having been ejfeclcd, to prevent
the landing of a-ny reinforoementor any arms or provis-
ions under the American flag, intended for such expedition
or enterprise."
Without intending to occupy much of the time
of the Senate, I desire to present for its considera-
tion one or two principles which seem to me ap-
plicable to the circumstances, -if they exist as
stated in the Intelligencer. In the first place, I
consider these instructions to be violative of the
