1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
to which the minds of the committee had not yet
been fully made up. It was the desire of the com-
mittee, anil their intention, if possible, when they
di 1 make a report, to present one which would be
acceptable to the House, and which would super-
sede the necessity of any protracted discussion
here. The minds of the members might as well
be consulted previously to making f) c report, as
after it had been brought inio the House; and
hence it was that the entire details of the bill had
not yet been arranged.
As regarded the immediate question before the
House, that was to say, the resolution authorizing
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to employ a clerk, he would state, for the informa-
tion of the House, that there were before the com-
mittee an immense number of applications for new
post routes, and that it was also necessary to re-
vise some of the existing roads, with a view to
economy and to a full understanding of the sub-
ject. The committee had not time themselves, as
every member of it well knew, to make the requi-
site investigations at the department, of the maps
and post roads, which were necessary to a proper
understanding of the whole matter. It was for
the purpose of making these investigations, that
the committee had instructed him to report this
resolution. The elerk might be occupied one or
two weeks, perhaps three; beyond that time his
services would not be required, and he would, of
course, be discharged. But that the services of
such an assis'ant were needed for the period of
time which he had designated, there could be no
doubt. Members of the House were constantly
applied to for new post routes. The memorials
were filed, and the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office was continually called upon for in-
formation. The employment of a clerk would
save both time arid expense. A man of intelli-
gence, whose laboriywould be subject to the revis-
ion of the cominitt", could do full justice to the
subject.
Redeeming the pledge which he had given to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. JoSjes,] he (Mr.
P.) now renewed the motion that the resolution be
laid upon the table, at the same time expressing
the hope that it would be voted down.
Mr. SACKE 1'T appealed to Mr. P. to with-
draw the motion on pledge of renewal.
Mr. POTTER referred the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sackett] to the genileman from
Tennessee, whose original motion it was.
Mr. JONES declined again to assent to the
withdrawal of the motion.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 115, noes not counted.
So the resolution was laid on *he table.
UNION GAS LIGHT COMPANY, D. C.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, fiom the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to incorporate the Union Gas Light Company in
the Distnct of Columbia; which, having been
twice read by its title, he asked should be put
upon its passage. He thought there could be no
objection.
Mr. CARTTER objected.
Mr. JONES moved to refer the bill to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. TAYLOR said, he should like to hear
some reason why objection was made to the pas-
sage of this bill. The object of granting an act
of incorporation to this company was simply to
procure for this city a supply of gas, manufactured
under some new patent, at a cheaper rate than it
had ever been furnished for befoie. It was very
well known that lights were much needed upon
the avenues of the city and about the Capitol.
There was now a gas company in existence in
Washington, chartered under an act of Congress;
and the gentlemen who now asked to be incor-
porated could not mature their plan of furnishing
gas to the city at cheaper prices than was now
asked for, unless they were allied by an act of
incorporation, to induce capitalists to invest in
this undertaking. He trusted the House would
put the bill on us passage. It had been carefully
revised by the committee; it was drawn in the
usual form, and conferred no special privileges
upon the company. If gentlemen in this city
were desirous to combine together by their capital
to accomplish an object of such public utility as
furnishing gas to this cty at cheaper rates—say
one-half the amount which was now paid—why
should Congress deny them an act of incorpora-
tion? He trusted the motion to refer would be
withdrawn, and that the bill would be allowed to
pass without any objection. The bill gave no
monopoly to anybody; on the contrary, its effect
would be to do away with the monopoly which
now existed.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said he did not know
but the company now sought to be incorporated
would conflict with the company now m exist-
ence. Until he was informed that some benefit
was to result from the bill, he was willing to let
well enough alone. He thought it would be the
safer course to refer the bill, and defer final action
until the members of the House had an opportu-
nity of examining the subject. He moved the
previous question, which he understood would
apply first to the question of reference.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and decidea in the
affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
MAILS NEW ORLEANS AND VERA CRUZ.
Mr. CONI^AD rose to a privileged question,
and moved to reconsider the vote by which the
bill reported by himself, from the Committee on
Commerce, providing for the establishment of a
mail line of steam ships between New Orleans and
Vera Cruz was yesterday referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He said, if the question involved were only one
of par iamentary etiquette, as to which of the two
committees—the Committee on Commerce, or the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads—
this bill should emanate from, he assured the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, [Mr. Potter,] who had yesterday
seemed to insist so strenuously upon the reference
of this bill to his committee, that he (Mr. C.)
would most cheerfully yield that point. But he
had understood the chairman of that committee
yesterday to avow himself to be entirely opposed,
not only to the details of this bill, but to the prin-
ciple ot Congtess providing for the transportation
of the mails by steamers, under any circumstances
whatever. It wa3 for that reason he considered
that the question of reference involved the question
whether the bill itself should be adopted or reject-
ed. He understood (and he hoped to be corrected
if he was in error) that the refeience of this bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
was tantamount to a rejection of tht bill m toto;
or, what was the same thing, to its being suffered
to slumber upon the table of that committee during
the remainder of the session. He thought it was
his duty to demand of the House the reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill had been re-
ferred, and to call their attention to its importance.
The bill, as he had stated yesterday, had origin-
ated in a memorial which had been presented to
this House by a number of the merchants of New
Orleans, signed—not by fifty or sixty commercial
firms of that city, (as he had yesterday said)—but
by upwards of one hundred. There had, he be-
lieved, also been presmted to the House, and laid
before the committee, a memorial of rnerchai.ts of
New York, asking for the same object—though he
was not able at this time to lay his hands upon it.
He would invite the attention of the House to some
of the facts slated in the memorial of the merchants
of New Oi leans. [He read an extract, which has
not been furnished us.]
Mr. FEATHERSTON (interposing) rose to a
question of order. He wished to know whether
the motion to reconsider the reference opened the
merits of the bill ?
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to re-
consider opened the debate to the same extent to
which it was opened by the original motion, and
no further; but, in the opinion ot the Chair, debate
upon the motion to commit must be limited to the
propriety of the reference.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. That is the point I
make—that thts^liscussion is out of order.
Mr McGAUGHEY. Is this debate in order
after the morning hour expires, the day being set
apart for a special order ?
The SPEAKER. This debate is in order after
the expiration of the morning hour, unless a mo-
tion is made to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the special order.
That motion cannot be made until the gentleman
from Louisiana has surrendered the floor. In the
opinion of the Chair, upon the motion to commit,
debate is opened only upon the propriety of the
commitment.
Mr. CONRAD (resuming) said, he understood
the rule perfectly. He should strictly confine his
remarks to the propriety of the reference; and he
thought he had thus far done so. He had been
endeavoring to show, and he should proceed to
show, that the Committee on Commerce was the
proper committee to report this bill, although it
did provide for the transportation of the mail.
The commerce between tie United States and
Mexico, diminished and interrupted in a great de-
gree, as it had been, by the late war with Mexico,
and a considerable portion of it diverted to Great
Britain, amounted, at this time, according to re-
turns made to this House by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and which had been laid on their tables
only a few days ago, to upwards of two millions
of dollars in value exported to Mexico, and up-
wards of two and a quarter millions imported into
the United States from Mexico, constituting alto-
gether a commerce of nearly five millions of dollars.
Well, where was that commerce carried on?
W hat were the ports from which it was principally
carried on? They were precisely those fpr which
this bill proposed to provide a mail service—the
ports of the Gulf of Mexico and of the United
Slates—either New York, Philadelphia, Boston,
or New Orleans. These were the ports between
which this large commerce was carried on. There
was no regular means of transporting a mail be-
tween any portion of the United States and any
of these ports in the Gulf of Mexico. This im-
mense and valuable commerce was without the
ordinary facilities for the transaction of busi-
ness—there was no means of regular mail com-
munication.
Nor did this commerce bear relation to the city
of New Orleans alone. It concerned the whole
country. The products exported from the United
States were not the products of Louisiana. The
people of that Statedid not export to Mexico sugar
or cotton. What were the exports which constitu-
ted our commerce with Mexico, and in exchange for
which we received thedollars from her? They were
the products of the great Valley of the Mississip-
pi. They were the products of that State which
was represented in part on this floor by the gentle-
man [Mr. Potter] who had yesterday declared
that he was opposed to the principle of this bill.
The State of Ohio was more interested, vastly
more interested, in this trade than the State of
Louisiana was. The State of Ohio exported ten
thousand dollars worth of this commerce (Mr. C
was understood to say) for every one which the
State of Louisiana exported. And he felt very
much surprised when he found yesterday that
opposition to this measure was to come fromjhe
intelligent gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] a
quarter whence he (Mr. C.) should never have
expected to encounter it. On the contrary, he
had looked with confidence to that quarter for sup-
port and advocacy of the bill. He had expected
to find it supported by every gentleman whos'e
constituents were in any degree interested in the
products of the Valley of the Mississippi. What
had this Government done for the Mississippi and
its tributaries ? She would not even remove the
smallest obstacles in their navigation. And when
a small appropriation of some twenty-five thou-
sand dollars was asked, for the purpose of provi-
ding a mail to facilitate the operations of that
commerce in which the Valley of the Mississippi
was so deeply interested, a prominent member—a
Representative of a gigantic-State whose interest
was thus involved—rose in his place here and de-
clared his opposition to it. And thus, whilst Con-
gress was appropriating millions of money to en-
courage trans-Atlantic communication—whilst a
line of steamboats was built under the patronage of
the Government for the purpose of carrying on the
communication between this country and Europe 
whilst immense sumsof money were appropriated
for the^porpose of establishing a mail-line between
New York and Chagres—not a dollar was appro-
priated for the purpose of encouraging the com-
merce of the Mississippi Valley—of"that vast
stream which had been appropriately termed an
inland sea. Nothing had been done to facilitate its
commerce. The Mississippi was the great outlet
through which the commerce of the Valley of the
