1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mississippi found its way to the ocean. The Gulf
of Mexico was its great highway. And yet gen-
tlemen from the Valley of the Mississippi rose up
here and endeavored to defeat a bill having for its
object the encouragement and facilitating of that
commerce. He was exceedingly rejoiced to find
that the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads was so exceedingly zealous in the dis-
charge of us duty]. He was glad that they had
leisure time at their command—that they were in
want of occupation. And he would take this op-
portunity of calling their attention to a report from
the Postmaster General, as to the character of the
mail service between this city and New Orleans,
and to the number of failures which annually oc-
curred in it. (Mr. C. stated the number, which
was not heard with certainty.) He would like to
hear from the committee on this subject—this cry-
ing evil as for years it had been. The arrival of
a mail at New Orleans was an event in the history
of that city—an event which was proclaimed in
the streets, published in the newspapers, and cel-
ebrated by public rejoicings. For years past the
merchants and citizens of New Orleans had ap-
pealed to the Government for justice. He had
yet to learn that anything had been done for them,
or that anything was proposed to be done by the
committee which had so little to do and which
was so jealous of the other committees of the
House.
Mr. POTTER interposed to make an inquiry.
Mr, CONRAD yielded the fioor for the pur-
Mr. POTTER was understood to inquire of the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Conrad] whether
the communication from the Postmaster General,
to which the gentleman alluded, had been referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads ?
Mr. CONRAD (very doubtfully heard) was un-
derstood to say he thoughtithad not been referred,
but he desired to give the committee an opportu-
nity to exercise its zeal; he desired to give them
a bone to pick, and therefore he had suggested this
report for their consideration. He should proba-
bly in a few days introduce a resolution on the
subject.
Mr. C.} after referring to the party recrimina-
tions of which this imperfect mail-service had for
a long time been the subject-matter, then proceeded
to read an extract from the report of the Postmas-
ter General. He adverted, also, to the wretched
condition of certain portions of the mail route—
characterizing it as a state of things which ought
not to exist under a Government whose Constitu-
tion declared that Congress should have the power
to establish post offices arid post roads; and that,
too, with a committee in this House which evinced
such exceeding zeal m the exercise of its rights.
The bill which had been reported was not designed
to facilitate mere social communication or corre-
spondence. It provided for the transportation of
the mail in the ordinary way, by contract; and he
thought that the subject appropriately belonged to
the Committee on Commerce. He was happy to
say that it had met^ith the unanimous sanction
of that committee. Gentlemen from New York
and Massachusetts had felt as much interested in
it as he himself had felt; and it had with equal lib-
erality been supported by the East. He would not
now trouble the House with further remarks.
The object which he had in view in making the
motion to reconsider, was to supply an omission
whiv h he had inadvertently made yesterday, in not
calling for a record vote on the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. He must repeat the opinion he had
already expressed, that he considered the refer-
ence uf the bill to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice—with the sentiments of hostility which the
Chairman of that committee had avowed—as tan-
tamount to signing its death-warrant. Jf that
were to be the result, the matter might as well be
settled to-day as at any time. But he desired, at
least, that it might be seen who assisted at the ex-
ecution. Therefore, he demanded the yeas and
navs on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. PO ITER said, if the-g^mleraan from Lou-
isiana [Mr. CoNRAD]*had kept a little cooler, and
confined himself a little more closely to the ques-
tion under consideration, he might have enlight-
ened the House more than he had done; and it he
had served an apprenticeship upon the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads as long as some
members in the House had, he could not fail to
have acquired something of a better knowledge
upon the subject of the mail service of the coun-
try than he had exhibited in his remarks. The
gentleman (continued Mr. P.)proposes by his bill,
as would seem from his remaiks, to reestablish a
system which in every experiment heretofore
made has entirely failed. At an early day, in the
incipiency of our great western commerce, it was
the custom of the department to authorize the
postmasters upon our great western lakes and
rivers to pay to the captains of steamboats and
other vessels engaged jn commerce, three cents
each for ail the letters transmitted from port to
port; and the postmasters were directed to employ
the safest and fastest running boats for this ser-
vice. The pay at that time was considered one of
the perquisites of the master of the vessel, and at
an early day thirty dollars a year was considered a
very large amount; hut as the commerce increased,
this perquisite was augmented until, in some in-
stances, it amounted to over a thousand dollars per
annum. It then attracted the notice of the owners
of vessels, and they applied for a change in the sys-
tem; and the contract system, the one which this
bill proposes to reestablish, was adopted, as well
upon the Mississippi and its tributaries as upon
the great western lakes. Immense sums were
paid under these contracts, far exceeding the
amount previously paid for similar service; and
this was not the only objection. The irregularity
of the mails under the system became proverbial;
complaints were made from one end of the country
to the other of the failures and irregularities; pri-
vate expresses were established, seeking the
means which the commercial improvements of the
country afforded for the early transmission of
packages; and, by increased expedition, diverted
much of the mailable matter to their lines, to the
great detriment of the revenue of the Post Office
Department. The inefficiency of this system was
so apparent, that it was abandoned by common
consent, and the present system adopted, about
which we hear no complaint; and that is, for the
postmasters at the ports upon our lakes and riv-
ers, and our inland seas, acting as the agents of
the Post Office Department, to employ the steam-
ers engaged in the commerce of the country to
carry the mails from port to porf, at a compensa-
tion a little above that charged for ordinary freight,
but sufficiently large to make it an object for the
vessels to vie with each other in their speed and
regularity—considerations upon which the post-
masters act in the selection of boats to perform
this service. Sir, i not unfrequently receive let-
ters from my place of residence, at the upper end
of Lake Erie, by way of Albany and New York,
a distance of over a thousand miles, in four days;
and their transmission, for a great part of the
way, is dependent upon the ordinary means of
commercial intercourse.
If the Post Office Department would only keep
pace with the improved modes of conveyance,
and use no other means than those afforded to
commerce in the transmission of the mails, it
would not be in constant war with the private ex-
pressesof the country; which are continually out-
running that department in expedition, and trench-
ing upon its business m the carrying of mailable
matter. I hold that the exigencies of commerce do
not require greater mail facilities than the vessels
engaged in that commerce afford, and no commer-
cial community can suffer when they are allowed to
go on pari passu. Why, sir, what is our expe-
rience for the last year or two, under the mail-
steamer contract system between New Yoik, New
Orleans, and California and Oregon ? We pay for
this service by contract, the system proposed in
this bill, two millions and a half per year. The
object is said to be increased speed and regularity;
but who does not know that individual enterprise
always outstrips the taidy movements of Govern-
ment machinery? Governmental improvements
are the results of individual enterprise, based
upon, and sustained by it. Under this expen-
sive mail marine system, consignments arrive in
New Orleans, New York, and oth^r cities on the
sea-board, from California, by the facilities which
commerce affords, in advance of the mails; and
these consignments of gold and other articles
he for days exposed in the warehouse or on ship-
board, awaiting the bill of lading which, though
leaving California in the mail at the same time
with the consignments, comes dragging itself
along behind in a Government vessel* Sia% f do
not propose to interfere with the contracts already
made. I think they have been made improvi-
dently, but the faith of this Government has heen
pledged to the enterprise, by which her citizens
have been induced to invest large sums of money
in this service. Good faith to them will induce
us to carry it out to the end. But we are not
pledged to the extension of this system, md
whilst I have a voice in this Hall 1 shall oppose
it. The gentleman from Louisiana would levy a
tax upon the Post Office Department ofc about
$25,000 to resuscitate the commerce between this
country and Mexico, which he says has been
suspended in consequence of the late war with that
country.
Mr. CONRAD (interposing, and Mr. P. yielding
the floor) said it was not proposed to make this
service a charge upon the P«>st Office. It was
proposed to draw the amount from the Treasury.
Mr. POTTER. I can see no great distinction
between drawing the money from the Post Office
Department and the Treasury Department. It the
expenditure is unnecessary, let us avoid it. 1 am
opposed to levying a tax upon the people, through
any of the departments of the Government, tor
the exclusive benefit of any branch of the business
of the country. We are now taxed eight or nine
millions of dollars annually for the support of the
navy,, which, including the eosis of our revenue
marine, and the advanced prices we are compelled
to pay for transportation on account of our navi-
gation laws, amounts to over twelve or thirteen
millions of dollars annually, and all this is done
under the pretext of aiding the commerce of the
country. We had better make a direct appropria-
tion of twelve millions at once, and give it to these
commercial men, if that sum would cover the
profits of their business. What difference does it
make to a western man whether his flour, his corn,
his pork, his hemp or tobacco is carried to market
in a British, a French, or a Dutch bottom? Yet
your navigation luvvs, all made for the benefit of
commerce, compel him to pay the highest possi-
ble freights, by shutting out all competition m the
carrying nade, except amongst our own ci'izens.
Everybody knows that materials of which Brit-
ish vessels are constiucted cost much less, in con-
sequence of our taiiff duties, than in this country,
enabling them to transport goods at a much lower
rate ihan our own vessels; and this -excess is
chargcd upon the products of our country, and
upon the imports which we consume.
The commercial interests are benefited by these
laws; why not do away with them for the benefit
of those who, by the sweat of their brow, produce
these great staples of the country, without which
your commerce would soon come to an end? I
say, then, I am opposed to this exclusive system
of legislation for one class of the community alone.
I do not intend to discuss this question now; I
have barely alluded to it here to show, that under
the pretext aiding commerce immense sums are
annually drawn fromthe^Treasury, without render*
ing a corresponding benefit to thettax payers, **nd
to announce my opposition to the system in what-
ever shape it may be presented, especially where the
appropiiatior ,as in this instance, is not to result to
the benefit of ihe mail service of the country.
To what the gentleman has suid in regard to
myself personally, I have but few words lo say.
The gentleman irom Louisiana [Mr. Conrad]
supposes my object in moving to refer this bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
is to defeat it, or else for the mere purpose of hav-
ing something to do. He is mistaken in both of
his suppositions, for I can assure him th t our com-
mittee has plenty of labor on hand and does not
go out of the way to seek business that does not
properly belong to it. Our committee has had ihe
subject of ocean steam mail service under consider-
ation, and what it may ultimately determine upon,
I cannot say; but i can promise the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Cckrad]and the House, that
some unifo/m system will be recommended which
shall entitle the citizens of the country to at least
a fair competition for the service which we shall
propose.
The gentleman says, if we are so anxious for
business, why not inquire into the failure of the
mails between New York and New Orleans, as re-
ported by the Postmaster General some two
months ago, and that if the letter has not been re-
ferred to our committee we oughf.as eyery mem-
