1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
berof this House ought, to know that such failures
existed, and propose some measure for the im-
provements of the Corduroy roads in Georgia and
Alabama, td5*prevent future failures. Now I hap-
pen to be one of that class that believes, that there
is no authority in the Constitution for the construc-
tion by Congress of highways in any of the States,
and that when Congress has declared that a high-
way, established and improved by the citizens of
any State, shall be deemed a post-road, it has done
all that it can, and leaves the Postmaster General
to put upon that road such mail service as the na-
ture and condition of the road shall warrant.
I am as deeply interested in the commerce of
the West, and that which finds its way to New
Ot leans and the Gulf, as any Representative upon
this floor; but I believe, when that commerce de-
mands the use of steamboats to ply between the
great outlet to our western staples and Mexico and
the West Indies,, that demand will be supplied by
the enterprise of our citizens, who seek every
corner of the known world m their commercial pur-
suits; and that a commercial correspondence, un-
aided by any special legislation, may be kept up
to the satisfaction of everybody engaged in the
trade between the two countries.
Mr. STRONG next obtained the floor, and
moved that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the consideration of the special order, the reports
of the Committee on Elections in the cases of dele-
gates from New Mexico and Deseret.
Mr. CONRAp said he would move the previ-
ous question upon the motion to reconsider, as he
wished that subject disposed of.
The SPEAKER stated that the demand for the
previous question waa not in order, pending the
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question wag taken on the motion of Mr.
Strong, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 70,
noes not counted.
So pending further action upon the motion to
reconsider the reference of the bill Relative to mail
steamers.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McLane,
of Maryland, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the report of the Committee on
Elections upon the memorial of Hugh N- Smith,
praying to be admitted to a seat in the House of
Representatives as a delegate from New Mexico.
There are two reports in this case—a majority
and a minority report. The majority report is
made by Mr. Strong, chairman of the committee;
and the majority, in this case, consist of Mr.
Strong, Mr. Harris of Alabama, Mr. Disnry,
Mr. Thompson of Kentucky, Mr. Harris of
Tennessee, and Mr. Ashe. The minority report
is made by Mr. Van Dyke, in behalf of himself,
Mr. McGaughey, and Mr. Aki>rew&
The majority report concludes with the follow-
ing resolution: ^ *
Resolved, That it U inexpedient to admit Hugh N.
Smith to a seat in tins House oa a delegate from New Mex-
ico. ;
The report of the minority concludes with the
following resolution:
" Resolved, That the said Hugh N. Smith be admitted
to a seat m the House of Representatives of the United
States as <\ delegate from N>w Mexico.
Mr. WHITE called for the reading of both re-
ports.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the resolution
reported by the majority was before the commit-
tee; and that the pending question was on its
adoption.
Mr. STRONG was recognized, and called for
the reading of the resolutions.
The reports were read.
Mr. McGAUGHEY inquired if the resolution
of the minority was considered before the com-
mittee without a motion to that effect?
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair should not
consider that resolution pending unless it .were
moved as an amendment to the resolution of the
majority.
Mr. STRONG said, the report and resolution of
the minority were made the special order of the
day in connection with the report and resolution
of the majority, and that both, he considered,
were therefore before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN adhered to the opinion, that
the resolution of the minority was not properly
before the committee unless it were moved in
form.
Mr. STRONG yielded the floor to
Mr. McGAUGHEY, who moved that the re-
port of the minority of the committee be consid-
ered before the committee, and that the resolution
reported by the majority be amended by substi-
tuting therefor that reported by the minority.
He also gave notice that he should move to
amend the resolution of the minority by adding
thereto the following proviso:
" Provided, That the admission of the said Hugh N.
Smith, as a delegate from the Territory of New Meyico,
shall not be deemed or taken as an expression of opinion
on the part of this House in relation to the claim of Texas
to that portion of the country claimed by her tying on the
east side of the Rio Grande ; but, on file contrary, the ques-
tion of boundary between the State and Territory is left
open foi future adjustment."
The question pending being on the resolution
of the minority, as an amendment to that of the
majority-
Mr. STRONG resumed the floor, and proceeded
to addiess the committee substantially as follows:
I do not propose, Mr. Chairman, in calling the
attention of the committee to the resolution re-
ported by tln^najority of the committee, and to
the amendment leported by the minority, to de-
tain them very long in the exposition of the views
I have^ in regard to this subject. The report of
the committee embraces substantially the facts of
this case, and substantially the views which I
entertain in regard to the proper course for the
committee arid the House to pursue upon this
question. Indeed, I was always of opinion that
the application of the memorialist was not prop-
erly before the Committee on Elections. Jt seems
to me, Mr. Chairman, that before the Committee
on Elections should have been called upon to act
in regard to the admission of Mr. Smith to a seat
upon the floor of this House, the Committee on
Territories should have reported some bill making
provision for the government of the country from
which Mr. Smith comes, and which he claims to
represent. It may be recollected, that early in
tins session, at the time when this memorial and
these credentials of Mr. Smith were referred to the
Committee on Elections, there was a memorial
asking for the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment in New Mexico also presented. That
memorial was referred—and properly referred—to
the Committee on Territories; but the credentials
of the individual who claimed to be a Delegate
from New Mexico, either -from a political organ-
ization already in existence, or from one pro-
spectively in existence, to be created by this
Congress, were referred to the Committee on
Elections, who felt themselves called upon to sub-
mit the report and resolutions which have just
been read by the Clerk.
I need not say that the question, as it is now
presented, is one of some embarrassment. It is
one of embarrassment, Mr. Chairman, because it
precedes the establishment or the existence of a
territorial government, instead of following it, as
has been the case in all our past history.
1 am relieved from many of the remarks which
I intended to make, by the fact that the report has
been read m the hearing of the committee. I do
not propose, therefore, to state the facts upon
which this application is based and the facts which
have led the committee to the conclusions at which
they have arrived. It may, however, be neces-
sary that I should refer briefly to a few of those
facts, in order that the subsequent remarks I shall I
make may be more perfectly understood. I
It appears, then, from the report submitted, that |
this country, which Mr. Smith claims to repre-
sent on the floor of this House, as formerly organ-
ized, constituted a part of the Republic of Mexico.
It was not, however, under the constitution of
1824, a State of Mexico, but a territory; riot enti-
tled to representation in the Mexican Congress, |
but one of the recognized Mexican territories, I
with known boundaries, under the Federal Con- |
stitution of 1824. In the subsequent convulsions I
of the MexicanJRepublic, when the constitutions !
of 1836 and 1843 were adopted, this portion of land, I
or this territory of New Mexico, was recognized I
as a State, and was permitted to have a depart-
mental legislature, officers, and judicial tribunals
of its own, and was divided into counties, and had
all the organization which is common to the other
Mexican States. In that condition it remained,
until the war with Mexico and the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, when, with other portions of
the Mexican territory, it was ceded, not as a po-
litical organization, not as a State, not as an ex-
isting government, but as a tract of country, to
the United States; and by that cession—by the
conquest antecedent to the cession, and certainly
by the treaty of cession—all political organization
which existed there, under its former connection
with Mexico, was entirely extinguished. I do
not understand that there can be any doubt in re-
gard to the position, that subsequent to the treaty
of cession New Mexico was and continues to be
one of the territories of the United States, or rather,
a portion of the land of the United States, having
no political organization, none of the political
rights it enjoyed while under the jurisdiction of
Mexico, and none of the political rights which
pertain to our territorial organizations after they
are created by act of Congress.
It may be remarked in addition, (as I do not in-
tend to return to the facts of the case,) that the
portionlof territory embraced within the limits of
what before the Texan revolution was New Mex-
ico, comprises about two hundred and ten thou-
sand square miles, of which about two-thirds—one
hundred andiforty-seven or one hundred and forty-
eight thousand square miles—is on the eastern
shore of the Rio Grande, and the remaining por-
tion, or about one-third of the whole, is on the
west side of that river. The population of the
whole territory is variously estimated at from
eighty to one hundred thousand, of which more
than two-thirds are residents on the east side, and
less than one-third on the west side of the Rio
Grande.
Now, I do not stand before the committee to deny
that after the treaty of cession, and after the ex-
tinction of the political organization that formerly
existed there, the inhabitants of this country were
in a condition very much to be deplored; nor do I
intend to speak of the necessity'of the establish-
ment there of a government—a political organiza-
tion, a legislature, judicial tribunals, and all the
forms, appliances, and rights which are secured
under organized governments. The Committee
on Elections, and I among them, have felt the
evils and inconveniences under which the inhabit-
ants of New Mexico have been laboring from the
want of an organization, of a territorial govern-
ment, and we do not intend either to deny or to pal-
liate these evils in the course of this discussion.
But the question presented is, not whether there
shall be extended to the people of this territory the
protection ol the law; it is not whether there shall
be organized a territorial government, and judicial
tribunals established, to secure and enforce the
rights of the resident population; but the question
is, whether, as things now are, with ho existing
political organization, with no government there,
with no legislature there, with no judicial tribunals
there, with nothing but a military government
there, the people of that section of the country
ought to be permitted to send a consulting repre-
sentative to this House, to take part in the consulta-
tions of this body m regard toihegeneral business
of the country.
It appears from the report which has been sub-
mitted , that in August last, a meeting of the citizens
of Santa Fe county assembled at the city of Santa
Fe, to consider the" great evils under which the in-
habitants of that county were laboring, for want of
an organized government; which meeting recom-
mended to the military governor then in author-
ity there, to issue his proclamation and invite the
citizens of New Mexico, both on the east and the
west side of the Rio Grande, to elect delegates to
a convention to be held m the latter part of Sep-
tember, 1849. In pursuance of that recommenda-
tion, Lieutenant Colonel B. L. Beale, then the act-
ing military commandant at Santa Fe, did issue his
proclamation in the very words of the resolution
inviting him to do «o; and recommended to the
people to elect delegates to a convention to meet at
Santa Feon the 24th day of September last, for the
purpose of agreeing upon a basis for a form of gov-
ernment, such as would be satisfactory to the peo-
ple, and such as would protect their rights. It ap-
pears that such a convention was held; that nine-
teen delegates were in attendance; that they
organized; that they framed no constitution, but
laid down certain principles, and desired that the
Cungitss of the United States might form for them
a territorial government upon the basis which they
