1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
sentative of the people of a territory, sent here
upon their own voluntary act, without having
any organized form of government? I admit
that he comes, if he comes at all, from the con-
vention, or the constituents of a convention, which
sent him here; and I say that it is a departure
from all precedent—from all former usage of this
Government, to admit a man to a seat upon this
floor, who does not come here elected in pursu-
ance of a provision of law. Why, where would
this doctrine lead to? Is it to be pretended that a
number of citizens residing upon any of the lands
of the United States, may assemble in primary
meeting:, and electa man as delegate to the Con-,
gress of the United States, and ask that Congress
to admit him to a seat on the floor of the House
of Representatives? Is that the doctrine con-
tended for? And yet, if Mr. Smith be admitted
to a seat, he is admitted precisely upon this prin-
ciple. I confess I am not able to see that the num-
ber of inhabitants makes any difference as respects
the principle. The question is, whether there
can be any partial or full representation here, ex-
cept by virtue of law? I hold that it would be an
entire departure from all precedent; and let me
ask, would it be sound discretion on the part of
the House to make such a departure at this time?
Does sound discretion dictate to this House, to
establish a new principle of representation in this
branch of Congress? What is that principle ?
Where will it lead to? Why, if you admit Mr
Smith as a delegate on the floor of this House,
you may have a town meeting held to-morrow in
Georgetown, sending a delegate here, asking that
he may be admitted to a seat. You may have
another town meeting in the city of Washington,
sending a delegate asking admission to a seat here.
You may have a collection of squatters on the
public lands in Nebraska or Minnesota, holding a
meeting and electing a delegate, and sending him
here, asking that he be admitted to a seat on the
floor of the House. Where would the precedent
end r where would such a precedent lead to ?
I maintain ihat we had better adhere to old
usages—to the antiqitas vias—'he ancient ways of
the Government, which have been found to work
well enough hitherto. And permit me to say, too,
that this is not a proper time for an innovation
upon the ancient usages of the House. We all
know the excited state of feeling in the country.
We all know the complaints made upon one side
and on the other in regard to new measures which
are attempted to be forced upon the country.
I ask again, whether it is wise, in such a state of
things, to take a course so widely departing from
the usages of the Government in regard to repre-
sentation on this floor?
But, it is said that the House ought to exercise
its discretion, and admit Mr. Smith, because of
the number of inhabitants in New Mexico.
I admit that the number of inhabitants in New
Mexico is large, about 100,000, I believe—I mean
in New Mexico as it was. But, if you take away
that part of i*. that is claimed by the Stale of
Texa.s, the number of inhabitants will not exceed
30,000; and of the^e, I understand, a large portion
are of Indian extraction. There is not, then, a
population sufficient, if yo-j take away that part
of the territory lying east of the Rio Grande, in
regard to which i shall have something to say
presently, there is not population sufficient to war-
rant us in making this unusual departure from the
past usage of Congress.
But, sir, it is also said that the situation of the
territory requires that there should be a delegate
here. I admit the force of the suggestion, when
application is made to create a territorial gov-
ernment. But, I ask, if admitting a dele-
gate, however numerous the population of the
territory may be—however long settled the ter-
ritory may have been—whatever its character
may be, I ask whether admitting their delegate to
a seat in this House, secures to them the right of
government? It confers upon them no such right.
1 am unable to see that the admission of a dele-
gate would remove any of the evils that have been
suggested to us. It is said th^t the theory of our
Government is in favor of representation. I
have always understood representation—poten-
tial representation—to be a right to speak and
act upon the adoption <measures in which
the parties represented are interested. Sir,
when we complained of the oppressions which
we suffered at the time of our connection
with Great Britain, when we complained that
we were not repiesented in the Parliament of
Great Britain, it was not that we had no right to
send a delegate to the House of Commons; we
complained that laws were passed, in the passage
of which we had no potential voice; and that is
what I understand by the right of representation
according to the theory of our Government. It
is, that a people, after they have become capable
of self-government, shall have a potential voice in
the making of laws—that they shall have a right
to vote upon all questions in which they are inter-
ested. But our Constitution cuts off all right thus
to participate, except so far as States are con-
cerned. It is not, then, the theory of our Govern-
ment that there shall be representation on the floor
of this House of any community or assemblage
of people who may choose to send a delegate here.
Our Constitution provides only for representation
where there is a right to speak and vote, and that
is given exclusively to inhabitants of States. It
does not extend to the inhabitants of territories.
It is idle, therefore, to argue that the delegate fiom
New Mexico should be admitted to a seat on this
floor in order to secure to the people of that ter-
ritory a representation in accordance with the
theory of our Government, it is no represent-
ation, because he has no potential influence here.
—no voice in the formation of laws. It is no rep-
resentation whatever. Besides, sir, although at
the time when our Constitution was adopted,
we had territories, no provision was made in
that instrument in regard to the representation
for those territories. It was the theory of the
Constitution that they should be provided with
governments by Congress, and at the discretion
of Congiess—that they should be subordinate to
Congress, and without representation, until they
should be prepared for admission as States into
this Union.
I do not propose to extend my remarks upon
this part of the subject. I am of opinion that the
admission of Mr. Smith would be a departure
from all former usages of the Government; that if
he be admitted a delegate from New Mexico, as
an existing political organization, we recogniza by
our votes the organization that existed at the
time it was a part of Mexico? and if he be not
admitted*as a delegate from a political organiza-
tion, but as a delegate from an assemblage of the
people, fi om the aggregate of the people of New
Mexico merely, then 1 say we are establishing a
dangerous precedent—a precedent that will be ap-
plied to us hereafter to our serious injury.
If'Mr. Smith be admitted to a seat upon the
floor of this House, why may not the delegates
from Cahtornia come here to-morrow, arid ask
that they be admitted, before California has been
admitted into the Union as a State? They are
sent here by a larger number of people—our
fellow-citizens who have gone to that territory;
there is no doubt about their having been elected;
they came here to represent that people—why not
admit them? Simply because there has been no
antecedent law of Congress authorizing the send-
ing of delegates here from that territory.
But there is another view which I desire to
press, for a short time, upon the attention of the
committee. It cannot have escaped the notice of
gentlemen here, that two-thirds of this territory
lies on the east side of the Rio Grande; and gen-
tlemen are aware that there is now, and has been
ever since the admission of Texas into the Union,
an existing claim on the part of Texas to all the
territory lying east of the Rio Grande, up to its
source, embracing two-thirds of the territory, and
two-thirds of the population of New Mexico, as
New Mexico was anterior to the Texan revolution.
Now, the Committee of Elections did not desire to
express an opinion as to the validity of this claim
of Texas; nor do I. I have an opinion on the sub-
ject; and at no very distant day, if I can*obtain the
floor, I shall express to the House npy views in re-
gard to the claim thatTexas makes to this portion
of New Mexico. But, whether that claim be a \alid
one or not, it is an existing claim—a claim that is
made and persevered in—a claim that is unset-
tled, and which can only be settled by the con-
tracting parties, Texas and the United States, or
by the judiciary of the country. It certainly can-
not be settled by any other parties. Now, then,
conceding that this territory is in dispute-—for that
is all I have to say in regard to it—then how does
the case stand r Why, here is a delegate claiming
to represent a constituency who live in a disputed
territory, two-thirds of which, at least, is claimed
to be a part of the State of Texas. Can it be tol-
erated that a people residing in what is claimed to
be a part of one of the States of this Union should
send here a territorial delegate, and ask for a rep-
resentation on the floor of this House? Suppose
that Texas is right in the claim that she makes—
I do not believe she is, my opinion is the other
way—but suppose she is right—we are bound to
take this as an existing claim—suppose she is
riiiht—then we have—what? We have the peo-
ple of Texas,sending a delegate to represent them
who are already represented under the Constitution
and laws of the United States. It is a proposition,
sir, which, it seems to me, this House will not be
willing to accede to. But it is sufficient for me
that there is a disputed claim, an existing claim,
a doubtful right, if you please, which may be set-
tled, doubtlessly, but still it is now an unsettled
claim, and therefore must be treated as being in
actual existence.
Whether this territory is within the boundaries
of Texas or not, I hold that it would be deroga-
tory to Texas, as one of the sovereign States of
the Union, to admit a person claiming to represent
apart of her territory, which could only be in
violation—in disregaid of the claim which Texas
has heretofore made, and is now making.
There is a case in the past history of the coun-
try which bears some parallelism to this. We all
recollect—or at least, it may be recollected by some
—that North Carolina ceded that country which is
now Tennessee, by an act of her Legislature.
After the cession, the people residing in that part
of the country which is now the State of Tennes-
see, formed for themselves a government. North
Carolina afterwards repealed the act of cession,
and it becameadisputed question, whether the ter-
ritory still belonged to North Carolina, or whether
she had estopped herself from any further right of
sovereignty over it. In that condition of things,
sir, a delegate was sent from the government thus
established in Tennessee, then called Frankland, to
the Congress of the United States. Congress re-
fused to receive that delegate, or to make itself a
party to the controversy which existed between
the government m Tennessee and the original gov-
ernment in North Carolina. Now, sir, the same
course, I apprehend, should be pursued here.
This House ought not to muke itself a party to
any dispute there may be between Texas and the
people residing in New Mexico, or in any part of
New Mexico. We cannot admit this delegate
here, without treating with disrespect and disre-
gard the claims, well-founded or ill-founded though
they may be, of the State of Texas.
if we admit Mr. Smith to a seat on the floor of
the House, we virtually deny the validity of the
claims of Texas; because it is very clear that we
would not admit him if we regarded him as claim-
ing to represent a portion of Texas. Well might
Texas cemplain of such interference on the part of
this House. But it is said, in the report of the
minority, that although he resides east of the Rio
Grande, yet, that he may be admitted to represent
the western portion of New Mexico, which is not
claimed to be m the territory of Texas; that none but
those residing in that portion of the country would
have a right complain; and that they make no com-
plaint. 1 take issue with this declaration. No-
body complain!—nobody complain ! If the peo-
ple living in the western part of the State of Mary-
land should choose to unite with some disaffected
persons in the State of Pennsylvania, and elect a
Representative, and send him to Congress, I want
to know whether both iViarylandand Pennsylvania
would not have a right to complain ? 1 desire to
know whether Texas would not complain, if these
people are really living within her limits. Texas
would assuredly complain. She ought to complain;
and all who are admitted to seats on the iloor of
this House, would have a right to complain, of the
representation of a people already represented.
But it would appear, that by far the larger portion
of those who supported the election of Mr. Smith,
live in adisputed territory—east of the Rio Grande,
and clearly, as he is sent by these people—it does
not rest with him to say that he is not represent-
ing them, but representing a people who live some-
where else. He comes here to represent those living
on the east of the Rio Grande as well as those liv-
ing on the west of it. If he be admitted, how
does the case stand? Upon what ground is he
