1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
of Illinois, asking a grant of the right of way and
a portion of public land to the Terre Haute and
Aiton Railroad Company, to aid in the construc-
tion of the said road; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SO0LE presented lesolutions of the Legis-
lature of Louisiana, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that Slate m Congress to use
their influence to procure a hvdrographical and
topographical survey of the delta of the Mississippi
by the Topographical Bureau, and a grant to the
State of Louisiana of all the public lands within
- her limits which have been offered for sale for ten
years.
On motion by Mr. SOULE,
Ordered, That tha^id resolutions lie referred to tlie Com-
mittee 0(1 Finance,T li im-lrucnuiis to inquire into the ex-
pediency ot providing such mean- may tcalile the topo-
graphical corps of entiiiieeis lo Mi]>ply a sufficient (oice to
enable tlie.nl to i■fleet,"with the least possible delay, a thor-
ough survev ot the delta ol the Mississippi, and to leport the
same to she Senate.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN,
Ordered, That the memori il of David Vann and William
P. Ross, delegatus to the Cherokee nation, on the files ot the
Senate, be relerred to the Committee on Indian Attains.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALES, from the Committee on Patents,
to which was referred the petition of the heirs of
Jethro Wood, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that the
peiitioners have leave to withdraw their papers;
w.nch was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Adam D. Stewart, a paymaster in the army, ask-
ing reimbursement of a sum of money paid by him
for the recovery of certain stolen funds belonging
to the United States, submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of Adam D. Stewart, a paymaster in
the United Siates army; which was read and
passed to a 3econd reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Jacob
W. Cumrnings, a clerk in the General Land Office,
asking additional compensation for services per-
formed by him, submitted an adverse report on the
same,; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred House bill for the
relief of William B. Crews, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
passage.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill from the House authorizing the issuing
of a register to the barque Cornwallis, was read a
first time by its title, and, on motion by Mr. YU-
LliE, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole by unanimous consent; and, no amend-
ment having been offered, was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, and was read a
third time and passed.
The bill from the House to continue in force an
act therein mentioned, relating to the port of Bal-
timore, was read a first and second time by us
title, a id lefeired to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, that the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, of the 21st in-
stant, in relation to the operations of the commis-
sion for running and marking the boundary line be-
tween the United States and Mexico be printed—
Oideted, That it bereteried to the Committee on Print-
THE CJJBAX EXPEDITION.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I desire to say
that it w&ls my intention to ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which I submitted on Monday
in )elation to the Cuban expedition, and dispose
of it this morning; but as the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Turnly] is desirous to proceed with
the consideration of the bill respecting the patent
laws, 1 shdi defer my motion until to-morrow.
PATENT LAWS.
The hour of half-past twelve having arrived,
the Senate resumed to the consideration of the
<s bill to amend an act to promote the progress of
the useful arts."
Mr. NORRIS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word "or," itr the fourth line of
the second section, and inserting, after the word
"reissue," the words " or extension."
The motion was agreed to.
•The same amendment was made also in the I
tenth line of the same section. j
Mr. NORRIS. I move to strike out from the i
second section all after the words " rejection of" j
to the word u it " in the third Sine, and to insert ,
the words "any such application." |i
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. IN'ORRIS. I now move to strike out the |
fourth section of the bill, and I will state my .
objections to that section. This fourth section j
applies to the extension and reissue of a patent, j
Provision is already made by law with regard to j
theextension of a patent, which requires that when
an application is made for an extension, it shall
be the duty of the Commissioner of Patents to issue ,
st notice in one or moie of the papers published m j
the city of Washington, and in such other papers ,
as he may think proper m the vicinity from i
which he thinks opposition i3 likely to come. That .
is the law now. In regard to the reissue of a j
patent, it seems to me the fifth section is sufficient [
to guard that subject, it provides: j
^That, in a reissue of a patent, the ieis<?ued patent i
shall include as claimed and patented only what shall appear
fiotu The petition of the ornnnal patent, or fiom the petrifica-
tion, dm winn?, model, or composition of matter deposited in
the Patent Office, was known to the inventor, and appeitained
to tut.-application, use, and piacuce of invention, mi-
piov incut. oi discovery, at the timeoftaking out theongin-
al patent, or shall appear by similar evidence to have be-
longed thereto, at the time of making some addition thereto,
on application <it the Patent Offic; puor to the icissue; and
in ca-e the claims in the reissued patent are broader than
the oi initial ones, or such additions covering what was be-
fore oinitud through inadvertence or mistake, such exten-
sion of claim shall not have any retrospective operation, or
affect anv pending action; and all machines, implements,
apparatus, and articles made or begun before *ueh reissue,
or notice of such extension oi chum, may he finished,
u*ed, and sold after such rei^ue, in the «ame mannci, to nil
intent* and purposes, as if such patent had not been reis-
sued."
It seems to me that is well enough guarded as
it is. Let u's look at the effect of this fourth sec-
tion. Here is a patentee who has a patent of
great importance to him, but of little to the public,
and for which he has not received a proper con-
sideration during the time he has enjoyed the ben-
efit of his invention. He applies for an extension,
and there are various interests conflicting with
that extension. What can he do by law > Under
the effect of this fourth section, he can do nothing;
but by incessant applications and objections, his
opportunity of being heard may be prolonged to
an indefinite period. One person may give a no-
tice to-day that he wishes to be heaid; and it is
the duty of the Commissioner to issue a notice
when he may b£ heard; and it is the imperative
duty of the Commissioner to extend the time of
hearing, so long as these applications are made.
That also applies to a reissue as well as to an ex-
tension. Thus we see one may at one time object
to the healing, and another at another, and so on
these objections may be made indefinitely. I
think the section will be productive of great mis-
chief, and of no good.
The section proposed to be stricken out is in
these words; s
Sec. 5. Jlml be it further enacted. That where any Derson
shall give notice in writing lo tlie Commissioner ol Patents
ot hid desire to be hf-ard in opposition to the remmngr or
extension ot any patent, particularly specifjmst the Mtme,
and naming In* "own place of residence in theUnm d Stales,
it shall he the dut> of ttu Commissioner to cause such no-
tice to he reeoided, and before reissuing, or extending such
patent, to appoint a nine for so heiring hmi,an(} to give j
la.n a rr a*onalde notice llieieot, by niail or otliervMse, and i
o ^ive hi.n an opportunity to he heard accordingly. j
Mr. TURNEY. I wish to say but a single word,
for I do not regard this as a matter of very great
importance. The only effect of the^section is this:
A man interested adversely to theextension or re- ;
issue of a patent, notifies the Commissioner of j
Patents that if an application be made for an ex- j
tension or reissue he desires to be heard, and he j
is lo inform the Commissioner of his residence, j
The only thing then that this section requires is, i
that the Commissioner shall notify the individual '
by letter or otherwise of the time when he will i
take up for consideration any application fOr an [
extension or reissue of the patent. The general 1
law now is that he shall give this notice by an ad-
vertisement in the public newspapers; but the man
may not be a reader of the newspapers. His in-
terest is adverse to the patent, and he desires to be
present when the application is eonsideied; and
surely no great mischief can result from writing a
letter, informing him of what the public prints
would inform him if he were to read them. I
think "the effect will not be to prolong the consid-
eration from time to time, as the Senator from New
Hampshire has suggested. This application is
made to the Commissioner, and when he fixes
upon a time for, its consideration, he notifies the
individual by letter. After he has fixed upon the
time he will not postpone it on any application.
Thus the individual leceivir.g the noUficalion of
the time, will not be placed upon any higher or
better ground than if he had obtained his notice
through the medium of the newspapers.
The question then is, whether this application
shall be ex parte, or whether the individual inter-
ested adversely shall be allowed to be present, to
show cause against the extension or reissue, it
is narrowed down to that, and to the manner and
form of the notice. The only question, then, for
the Senate to consider, is, whether, if there shall
be any notice, it shall be ex parte to the original
patentee, and not to those opposed to its exten-
sion.
Mr. NORRIS. The Senator from Tennessee
has not answered the objection which 1 raised.
My objection is, that it is imperative upon the
Commissioner to inviie every person interested,
by notifying him in wiitmg of the day of hearing.
Suppose I apply to-day to the Commissioner,
wishing to be heard and to make my objections
against the extension or reissue of a particular
patent. A day is appointed to hear my applica-
tion, and perhaps on that very day which is ap-
pointed to he,.r me, another individual has ap-
plied also for a hearing. This makes it impera-
t ve on the Commissioner to issue a second notice,
to give that person information of the tune and
place of hearing. This, of course, causes my ap-
plication to be deferred, and so it may be con-
tinued ad infinitum. That is my objection; and
thus a party far more meritorious never could get
a hearing against the combined efforts of a num-
ber of persons opposed to him.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to suggest to my calleague,
if it meets his views, as I think he is right in the
ground he takes, to modify his motion so as to
strike out also the sixth, seventh, eighth, and
ninth sections of the bill. Though perhaps it
would be still better, if he concurs with me in the
objections to the sections which I have named, to
vote against the whole bill than to undertake to
amend it. A bill which needs so much amend-
ment, at least, had better go back to the committee.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 am willing to modify my
motion so as lo strike out all that my colleague
wishes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
then be upon striking out the fourth, sixth, sev-
enth, eighth, and ninth sections of the bill.
The additional sections proposed to be stricken
out are as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That on the petition of
any person to tlie Cnciut Court of the United Sidles. in any
district in which a patentee i-r ptopiutor of the wii le or
any siiate or proportion «t any patent lesides, and such se-
cunty is given a= the court shall order foi costs of coutt, and
costs and indemnity to parties, proceedings on scire jucias,
according to the course ot tiie common law, ma> be had m
such cuui t, to repeal and declare null and void such patent.
The petitioner tor such pioceedings shall set forth in his pe-
tition thereror on oath, and the i ames and residence?, a& Jar
as he knows or is informed, of all parties, interested in such
patent, eithei a* patentees, assignees', or under any license
or other contiuct, and £ive such notice to those residing
without sueh district .-hall ne ordered by the court.
All persons interested in such patent shall be admitted
to defend in the suit on the terms it any, prescribed by the
couit, on their applic.it.on tor lhat purpose. In case it shall
appear on tnal that the patentee had no light to any patent
for the invention, ait, di-eovery, composition of matter,
de<t«n, nr nnpiovement set umh m the specification, or in-
tended to have been patented, 31.dement shall he given
repe ihm; th-e patent, and declaring the s.une to he, and the
same shal, be taken and held to be null and void ; and a cer-
tified copy of winch judgment shit)! be foivvault-d by the
cleik of such court to ihe Patent OrFice, and there be re-
coided. And the petitioner shall m such case lerover costs
In case it shall appear on the trial that the patent is invalid
by reason of sonic defect or^ntormahty, and not appear thai
Ukj p'ifentee had as aforesaid no njht lo a patent, judgment
of us invalidity for such detect or informality shall be en-
tered, and the cost to be paid as the court mav m its di-ere-
tion order and direct. In case no entire of nnahditv of the.
patent shall appear, tlie paity defending the same shall
recover his costs from the petitioner.
Sec. 7. And he xl further enuited, That the partie? shall
have a right to appeal to ihe Supreme Court ot the United
States m any suit on a patent in which the validity or con-
struction of the patent h m dispute, and also in an> pro-
ceeding by .-eirc faua< for a repi-al of a patent
Sec. 8. And be xl Juriher enacted, That in all applications
to Congress for an extension of a patent, or addition to, or
reissue of the same, the patentee sh.ill yive notice of such
intended application, for three week*, in two daily papers
printed and published in the city of Washington, the first
