1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1040
publication to be made at least sixty days before ihe com- <[ not misrepresented, butconrealed.it shall belts
lui-neeiiient of theses-ion ot Congress to winch the tippli- , j , . nronnnnw the  rt nf r>„ll  n,i
cation may lie mad':, mid .my patent extended, added ui, or , Jf to pronounce the act or Oongress null anil
reissued, by sppnal act of Congress "> contravention of the void. 1 hat is, in my opinion, one of the most
provisions of this section, and without specially excepting dangerous powers that can possibly be conferred
the same from ihe piovisioub ot tin. btction, the same shall ; on anybody. I beliege that no tribunal on earth
be null and TOid. ■ •" • - ■
Sec. 9. Jlrul be U further enaded, That any and all addi-
tion;-, reissue.-*, or extensions ot a patent or patents by the
special legislation of Confess, which may or rhall iiave been
obtained by fraud and circumvention,.either in communica-
ting to Congress in the form of a petition, or otherwise, an
erroneous or false statement of fact*, relative thereto, of re-
issue or addition, or it.-, merit., tor an extension, or by con-
cealing from Congress any important fact or facts connected
therewith, such extension, add. tion, or reissue, shall be ad-
judged to be fraudulent and void.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate, and till who may have any interest in the
patent laws, to the objections I have to these sec-
tions. They are thefce: The sixth section author-
izes any individual who is adverse to the patent,
to summon, in any circuit couit of the United
States, in any State in the Union, any individual
who has any interest in the patent, and authorizes
a hearing, by which the rights of the original
patentee, and every person holding under him,
shall be tried in this collateral way, even if the in-
terest which the person holds does not exceed a
thirty-second part of the patent. What will be
the effect of this? Let us suppose a valuable pat-
ent is owned in Massachusetts, or .New Hamp-
shire, and that it is sold out in fractional parts in
every State in the Union. There may then be an
individual in Michigan, who is the owner of the
fractional part of not more than one-hundredth of
the patent. Some one may summon this holder of
a small share in any court in Michigan, and this
bill puts in issue upon the result of that trial the i
rights of the original patentee, who resides in
Massachusetts, or New Hampshire, or anywhere
else, and who is as ignorant as a man possibly can
be of this proceeding; because the section only re-
that the court shall issue such a notice as
has ever had the power of pronouncing an act of
Congress null and void, except the Supreme Court ■
of the United States; and that only has the power
1 to declarean act of Congress null and void when
! it is not in accordance with the Federal Cjnstitu-
j tion. But this law proposes to corner upon these
j inferior tribunals the right of inquiring whether or
not there has not been some fraud or circumven-
tion practiced by an applicant for a reissue of a
patent, either in communicating something to Con-
i gress that is not true, or in concealing something.
If the court finds that anything of that sort has
been done, the power is given to it to annul the
act of Congress.
This ninth section is subject to the same excep-
1 tions which I have urged to the sixth section,
because fifteen courts may find that there was
' fraud, and fifteen may find that there was not.
j It seems to me that if the purpose was to confer
such power, it is not sufficiently guarded. There
; ought to be some rule by which, when a case has
[ been once fairly tried and a decree found, it should
be final and conclusive, without subjecting the
i patentee to the inconvenience of being all over the
' United States at the same time to try the question.
I How is the question to be decided, if you allow
\ acts>of Congress to be adjudged fraudulent, and
: therefore null and void ? What is to be the nature
: of the evidence? I suppose members of Congress
would have to be summoned and asked if they
knew this or that. Members of committees might
be summoned and inquired of if they knew this
or that.
I think that a moment's reflection will satisfy the
honorable chairman of the committee that the
conferring of such a power as this is dangerous
and improper. Instead of benefiting the inventors,
quires
they think proper—which, in all such cases, is in
a newspaper printed in the county. This is one
objection I have to the section. But these trials
may be going on pari passu in every Slate in the T A patent right will not be worth the parchment on j|
Union at the same time, and their decisions may which it is written if the provisions of this bill be !>
be sent here. One decision may come, annulling !; carried into effect and made the law of the land. |j
' ' / For these reasons I think the bill ought to be re-
committed; but, as that would occupy time, I am
willing to let the amendment stand as it is.
!| Mr.TURNEY. Mr. President, the gentleman
ij seems to object to the whole bill. His argument
seems to sustain the idea, which is entertained by
great many patentees and others, that the patent
tiie patent in Michigan, while in the case which
arises in jNew Hampshire, the decision may affirm
it. Thus there may be thirty different trials—one
in each of the States—and fifteen may annul and
fifteen may affirm it.
Mr. BADGER. Is not that the case now >
Mr. HALE. The Senator asks me if that is
patents now manifestly fraudulent, manifestly in-
valid, where those who have patents, having ob-
tained them by fraud, and perhaps by perjury, for
very large and valuable machines used m manu-
facturing, have sued persons for infringing on their
patents. They continue these suits,so long as the
court will permit them todo so. In order to avoid
the judgment against the validity of their patents,
they submit to a non-suit; and no sooner do they
submit to a non-suit, than they issue a second
writ, and have a second suit. In this way the
adverse parties are harassed from time to time,
in order to compel those persons using the triachine
to pay them for a patent to which they have no
earthly claim whatever, evading the law for the
purpose perhaps of coercing and extorting from
the community compensation for that to which
they Have no earthly right. The Senator, I sup-
pose, would allow such persons the full benefit of
the parchment granted by the Patent Office, al-
though they may not have the shadow "of a claim
to it, and although they may have obtained it by
fraud and peijury. How are these things to be
avoided ? Here 13 a great mischief now existing
which surely ought to be done away with in some
way or other, if this sixth section, as I have be-
foie remarked, is obnoxious to objections; why
does not the Senator propose to amend it? The
Senator ought to propose to -amend the section,
and not to strike out the great part of the bill, so
as still to leave m force fraudulent patents; so as
still to enable the holders of such patents to extort
unjustly from the honest manufacturer compensa-
tion for that which was obtained by fraud and per-
jury.
It strikes me that this bill is good enough. 1
have not been very tenacious about it, however.
I have been willing to agree to reasonable amend-
ments. 1 am now willing to agree to an amend-
ment requiring that, unless the holder of a patent
has a large interest in it, the courts shall not pro-
nounce judgment on the validity of the patent,
for whose*benefit this bill has been intended, it j| The bill provides that a petition asking for a decree
will be a virtual destruction of the patent laws. |i as to the invalidity of a patent, shall set forth the
"" " ■ persons interested in the patent, so far as they may
be known. The court may then order process to
be served. The court has discretionary power.
It can order the clerk to send letters to the paten-
tee himself, or to the proprietors of the patent, in
any part of the Union, or to have the publication
of notice made not only in one"county, but in every
county throughout the United States. They can
bring the parties before them, therefore, for the
purpose of doing full and ample justice to the
t>ie decision of a court in one State, or of the courts i ; world, and that there shall be no examination into ;
m all combined, could not do it. This may be
going on in the thirty district courts with different
results, according to the section as it stands, and
thus produce inextricable confusion.
Those are my objections to the sixth section.
If that is struck out, the seventh, which authorizes
the right of appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United. States, of course becomes unnecessary,
and goes with it. What does the eighth section
proude? That a certain notice shall he given; but
it gives to the courts a right to go behind an act
of Congress, and inquire whether the notice re-
it whatever. But the gentleman has gone further,
■ and complained that this bill allows the courts to
examine and ascertain whether fraud had been
i practiced in obtaining the'patent. From the high
>! moral character which the gentleman from New
,j Hampshire has maintained, I never expected to
hear him advocating fraud in any possible shape,
'! manner, or form. His great objection to this bill
;! seems to be that it seeks to put down fraud, even
when it is practiced on Congress. X believe that
fraud cancels everything in judicial proceedings.
A judgment obtained by fraud is void. And.yet the
lliutij |.'wtvjivvvv wi.w     j - " " | | I I w ■ . _ | j
not the case now. It is not the case now; because |l itself shall be conclusive and binding upon all the ;| alleged fraudulent patenlee, on the one hand, and
■ ■ ■ i " '   : enabling the real inventor to be heard, and his
rights to be maintained, on the other.
"It is no sufficient reason for striking out the sec-
tion, and defeating the bill altogether, that the sec-
tion does not provide fully and amply for all the
rights on both sides. If such be ther case, amend
the section, but do not defeat the bill. Surely
something ought to be done; some legislation is
1 necessary, in order to secure justice to all parties
I interested. Something is necessary for the benefit
; of the honest and bona fide patentee himself. As
1 the law now stands, persons may infringe on a
| patent, honestly believing that it is not valid, be-
I cause there is no method of testing its validity but
I by a lawsuit with every one of the fifty or hundred
I individuals using the "invention. But if this bill
I prevail, the validity of a patent can be tested by a
■ set) e facias, without subjecting persons to costs and
| damages for infringing upon a patent; Thus the
| whole matter would be settled in one lawsuit, and
! the patentee would be permitted, for the remainder
he holds the patent " of the term, to enjoy the full benefit of his inven-
Now, if this sixth section of the bill was objec- !j tion. As the law now stands, these suits multiply
tionaWe to the Senator, he should have proposed , wherever the idea prevails that a patent is not
amendments to it in order to obviate those objec- j valid. The patentee is thus oohged to carry on
If this bill does in fact authorize the trial ; suits in different parts^ of the Union,^in^ order^to
.quired by this act was given. And although Con- I Senator seems to suppose that the facts should not
gress may decide, after consideration of all the j be inquired into, in order to ascertain whether or
facts, that a notice was given, this act will confer not fraud has been practiced on Congress. Can
upon the district courts in thirty States the power i; the gentleman suppose that a person ought to have
of going behind that, and inquiring whether no- ]. a patent for practicing a fraud on Congress i The
tice was given according to the provisions of ij Senator supposes that a patent should not be in-
thisact, and if they find or decide it wasnotgiven, j! quired into to see whether or not its holder is the
tliey have power to annul an act of Congress. J rightful inventor and discoverer of that for which
If possible, the ninth section ia worse than all
the others put together. It provides that if patents
shall have been obtained by fraud or circumven-
tion, either in communicating to Congress in the
form of petition or otherwise, false or erroneous    
statements relative to the extension sought for, or ^ of the validity of a patent upon notice being served
by a concealment from Congress of any facts con-
nected with such extension, then and in that case
the court before whom the question is brought
shall adjudge the reissue or extension of the pat- ,
ent fraudulent and void. This section throws
open the door, and allows eveiy one of the dis-
trict courts of the United States to inquire into the
validity ot'an act of Congress, and to inquire if
there was not some concealment, if the petitioner
was not cognizant of some fact which he did not
communicate to Congress. And if such court in
its wisdom shall find that there was a single fact ij
to a party whose interest in it is too small toafteet
the patentee, then the Senator should have pro-
posed amendments, and not ol'ject to the whole
bill because it might be possible that an arrange-
ment might take place between the principal and
his agent, or the principal and his assignee. It
strikes me that it is better for all parties—for the
patentee as well as for those interested adversely
to the patent—that the validity of a patent should
be tried by one suit instead of a large number of
suits.
I understand that there are a large number of
establish the validity of his patent; and at the ex-
piration of the term for which his patent was
granted, he comes to the Patent Office and shows
that, in point of fact,'he has expended more money
in prosecuting this immense number of lawsuits
than he has realized from his patent, and he there-
fore wants an extension of his patent. If the
whole matter were to be settled in a single lawsuit,
his patent would have been a profit to him, and he
would not want the extension. So much for the
sixth section. ' -
Mr. President, 1 perceive that my honorable
friend from Kentucky is anxious to take up the
