1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
company up to the full complement authorized by
law; that by the expiration of the terms of enlist-
ment, by deaths, by desertions, and by casualties of
various kinds, the number was reduced about one-
fourth. It was, therefore, impossible to keep the
complement of companies serving on distant fron-
tiers' to the full amount of forty-two—which, as
he had said, was the limit now authorized by law.
The biH before the House asked nothing more !
than he had stated—with the further provision 1
that whenever the state of our Indian relations on
the frontier should make it necessary, the President
oftheUnited States should be authorized to mount,
and to equip as mounted men, such poitions of the
infantry as, in his judgment, the public service
might render expedient. The bill further proposed
to allow enlistments on the frontiers of the country,
and the payment to recruits who might be there
enlisted of the amount which their transportation
would cost from any one of the regular depots of
enlistment to the frontier.
The Committee on Military Affairs ofthis House,
to whom this Senate bill was referred, had unani-
mously recommended us passage to the House.
The Secretary of War,"in his annual report, hud
The
eral Taylor, in command of thearmy of theUnited
States on the Rio Grande, was believed to have
been surrounded, if not cut off, by the enemy—
when a bill was leported here to give him "aid
and comfort," to sustain his force, and to relieve
him from the perilous condition in which he was
believed to be placed—that bill, with all the neces-
sity for prompt and immediate action upon it,
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where it underwent, at
least, some consideration before it was put upon
its final passage. And he (Mr. J.) would venture
to assert, that a bill of this magnitude, increasing
the regular army of theUnited Slates to the ex-
tent to which it was now proposed to increase it—
a bill imposing additional liabilities on the Treas-
j ury to the extent here proposed—had never passed
1 through this House and become the law of the
j land, without having been previously referred to
1 the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union, printed, examined, and discussed. Such
j had been the long-settled practice of the House:
i and he hoped that the House would not now de-
j part from that salutary usage. He must insist
i upon his motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of tile Whole on the state of the Union, that gen-
called for it. The army, prior to the acquisition of
Oregon, was deemed to be insufficient for the pro- tj tiemPn mjKht see what its provisions were, and
tection of the frontier of the United States; and 'j by what necessity or propriety, if any, their adop-
when Oregon was "acquired, a regiment of mount- ! tjon w„uld be justified.
ed men had been raised, for the purpose of pro- ij Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, stated that it was
tecting the territory and emigrants on their way perfectly true, as had been stated by the chairman
thither. Sinee that time we had acquired Call- - -   • ~ •
forma and New Mexico. He desired the House
to know, that at this moment there were upon the
borders of the United States something like thirty
thousand Indian warriors. And in New Mexico,
it was a regular trade with the Indians to capture
men, women, and children—to -put the men to
dealh, and to carry the others into captivity, in
the hope of obtaining a ransom for them. He
supposed that everybody who was acquainted with
the current events of the day, through the newspa-
pers, would remember theshocking atrocities com-
mitted a few weeks ago on the wife and daughter of
one of our citizens. He (Mr. B.) was informed
that there were other similar cases. Within the
last two months, theie had been a conflict between
the troops in New Mexico and one of these Indian
of the Committee on Military Affairs, that this
bill had undergone a full investigation before that
j committee. It had been looked at in every light,
! in every possible point of view, with a sincere de-
i s>re on the part of the committee to avoid every
| increase of the regular army which could be
| avoided, without injury to the interests of the
\ country. It was the unanimous opinion of the
committee, after the fullest consideration of the
! subject, that the mode provided in this bill was
I the best, the most suitable, and the cheapest mode
I of security to those of our citizens resident on the
| frontier. It is proposed by the bill to allow the
; President to raise the number of the companies sta-
i tioned on the frontier from forty-two, the present
\ complement, to seventy-four. It was intended that
the companies stationed in the eastern portion of
tribes; and unless the House intended that our |j tlie United States, and the forts and arsenals along
frontiers should be left undefended, and that our |j the Atlantic coast, shall remain at their present
men, women, and children snould be^ given over j; dn(l fixed amount..* There is nothing of a compli-
to the tender mercies of the Indians, it was their i; eated character in this bill, nothing to require fur-
duty to p^ss this bill, and m pass it without delay. I. ther examination or information, or to show any
From the performance of this duty he trusted that i{ necessity for its reference to the Committee of the
the House would not be deterred by the clamor 'i Whole on the state of the Union, there to undergo
'j a new investigation and discussion. To refer the
< bill at the present period, and in the present cir-
!! cumstances of the session, would be as much as to
j; say that it shall not pass. There is no necessity
for such a reference. The bill merely proposes to
which might be raised that this bill was a propo-
sition to increase the army. He thought it was
not such a proposition. In his opinion, it was the
very best measure that could be presented for the
accomplishment of the object in view. It was a
proposition to increase the rank and tile' merely—
and only lltat fur so long a peryjd as the exigency
of the case might require. As soon as that exi-
gency had passed away, it would be the duty of
the President again to reduce the numbers to the
present complement of forty-two. He would not
detain the House with any further observations,
but would content himself with expressing the J
hope that the bill would receive final action with ■
as little delay as possible.
Mr. JONES said, that he had not risen with :
any intention of entering into a discussion at this ;
time of the merits of the bill before the House. It :
seemed to him, however, that the proposition of .
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bcrt,] i
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to put the bill upon its passage in this sudden and
inconsiderate way, was unprecedented in the le- j
gislation of this House. A bill was reported here 1
from that committee proposing to increase the
army, at least he (Mr. J.) supposed, thirty-three >
per cent, upon its present strength. That bill had ;
riot been printed—it had not been referred to the '
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
; authorize the President, when, in his discretion, it
i shall become necessary, to increase the strength of ;
I the companies now in the service, doing duty, or
j likely to be ordered on the frontier for the purpose ;
] of giving protection to our citizens there, and to i
their wives and rhi'riren.
! Mr. SWEETSER (Mr. Evans yielding the j
! floor) inquired whether it was not the object of i
j this bill to increase the whole rank and file of the |
[ army? :
Mr. EVANS. Not at all. i
; Mr. SWEETSER said he understood such to i
j be the character of the bill.
Mr. BURT. Not at all. It has no such object.
1 Mr. SWEETSER. Let the hill be read.
I Mr. BTTRT. The bill provided for no increase
I of the officers of the army, in any instance. It .
! only provided for an increase of such companies
of the rank and file of the army as are required for ;
the defence of the frontier. It contemplated no !
; other increase than this.
Mr. EVANS resumed. He was very glad the
gentleman from Ohio had called for the reading of the :
' bill for the purpose of information, as there were
no member of the House, except the members of doubtless other gentlemen xvh
t n o i 'Am rv  iffoA An IVVl llilQMir A CC, L.   J h ^ ,1 ... 1   . ° -
the Committee on Military Affairs, had had an
opportunity to examine, or even look at its provis-
ions ; and it was proposed that a bill thus sud-
denly brought before the House, should be put at
once upon its final passage, under the pretence
rhat the exigencies of the public service—the bleed-
ing frontiers of the country, required this expedi-
tious action. The Speaker and other members of
this House, would recollect that at the time Oen-
o were not more >
|! conversant with its provisions than that gentleman
Ij was. The immediate passage of this bill 'vss called
! for by the perilous condition in which our frontier
, is now placed for want of adequate protection.
The United States troops now there have been
found inadequate to its defence. And he did not !
hesitate to say here in his place, before his constit- ,
uents, and in the face of the whole people of the i
country, that it is one of the highest and most im- i
perative duties of our Government to protect the
meanest of its citizens in the secure enjoyment of
his rights and his property, no matter at what cost
to the Government, no matter to what extent the
army may be required to be increased to effect
that object. It was a holy duty to give full protec-
tion to all classes of our citizens, and h^was will-
ing to go to any extent for that purpose. He
was ready to incur any expense; he was ready to
authorize the shedding of blood, if it should be
found necessary, in order to protect our citizens,
and their wives and chtldren, anywhere and every-
where, no matter what it may cost the country.
And what is asked by the provisions of this bill?
It does not provide for an indiscriminate increase
of the army; it does not purpose an increase of the
whole rank and file; it does not contemplate any
extraordinary cost; it does not threaten to bank-
rupt the Treasury. The bill looks merely to the1
employment of a force adequate to the protection
of the frontiers of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa,
and New Mexico; and to provide for the people
living there, the security which they have a right
to demand at our hands, and which it is our duty
to grant them. And no gentleman could be found
on this floor who would stand up and deny that
they have not that right, and that the obligation ore
us io grant it, is not imperative upon us. The
only difference of opinion which exists is, whether
we shall pass this bill now, or whether we shall
refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Should the bill bo referred, it can
never return to the House in time for the bilf to
pass. Everybody must be'aw&re that such is the
effect of these references.
He referred to the ipstance of the Mexican war
bill, which had been adverted to by thegentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr Jones,] for the purpose of
showing that it did not strengthen the argument of
that gentleman in favor of the commitment of this
bill. The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of that bill, he believed, on
the same day.
Mr. JONES said the bill had been before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union some weeks before it was reported.
Mr. VINTON explained, that it was another
bill which was commitied ; but that when the news
of the danger to which General Taylor was ex-
posed on the Rio Grande came, a new bill was in-
grafted on it.
Mr HARALSON said, that having had per-
haps as intimate a knowledge as any one of the
action of the Committee on Military Affairs, arid
of the House, in relation to the bill alluded to, he
felt it proper to state that it was originally reported
by that committee in view of our then pending or
probable difficulties with Great Britain relative to
the Oregon territory, as well as to the then existing
state of our relations with Mexico about Texas,
and was general in its provisions, authorizing the
President " to resist any attempt which may be
' made on the part of any foreign nation to exer-
' cise exclusive jurisdiction over any part of the
' territory of the United States, or'any territory in
'dispute between the United States and any for-
' eign government; as well as also to sustain the
'rights of the United States to, and to repel inva-
' vasion upon, the said territory, and,for this pur-
1 pose, to employ" the naval and military foice,
and the militia,and to accept the seivices of vol-
unteers, &c. It was referred to the Cummittere of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and was
there pending when the information reached
Washington of the difficulties which threatened
General Taylor on the Rio Grande. That hill
was then taken up for consideration, in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and cer-
tain amendments reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, making the bill conform to the
state of affairs on the Rio Grande, and other
amendments having a like object, were agreed
upon. The bill reported more than ihree months
before was thus amended in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, because the bill
declaring war against Mexico was reported from
that committee to the House, and passed the
House on the same day.
Mr. EVANS said he had so understood the
matter. By immediate action on this bill, the
House would do no more than is just and right;
and this may be done without the commitment of
the bill, which would delay and probably defeat
ita passage.
