1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
mm
Mr. MEADE (Mr. Evans yielding) asked, if
all the enlistments were made, what would be the
actual increase, of the army ?
Mr. EVANS replied, he believed it might be
some 2,000 men; but, as he had not made a cal-
culation, he could not say precisely.
Mr. BURT asked, what was the question ?
Mr. MEADE repeated—what would be the act-
ual increase in the army, if all the enlistments
were made which were authorized by this bill ?
Mr. BURT replied, that it was impossible to tell
what would be the actual increase of the army
under this bill. He had already stated, that this
bill only authorized the increase of such corps or
companies as were stationed on the frontier. In
the midst of Indian difficulties, as we now are—
and he desired to say that this was a war bill—it
is made our duty by treaty to give protection to
the Mexicans along our frontier. In the perform-
ance of this duty, should it be neccssary to send
all our regular force there, the increase would be
much greater. The bill authorizes the President
to raise the companies frotn their present comple-
ment of forty-two, to seventy-four, according as
his discretion may decide.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired in-
formation on a particularpoint. Hedesired to know
whatnutnber it was proposed to stationon thefron-
tier, and what number was to be retained for other
service ?
Mr. BURT was understood to say, that two
companies were stationed in Iowa, two companies
in Minnesota, and four or five companies m New
Mexico. It is necessary that these companies be
strengthened, as the Indians are committing depre-
dations from the frontier of Iowa to the mouth of
the Rio Grande.
Mr. JOHN A. KING (Mr. Evans still yield-
ing) rose to give some information m reply to the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson.]
As appeared from a letter from General Scott to
the Secretary of War, dated November 3, 1849,
four-fifths of our army were stationed on the fron-
tiers. Since 1844, the exterior lines of our frontier
have been extended one thousand miles; and we
have ten thousand miles of interior, which require
to be guarded. By our treaty obligations with
Mexico, we are bound to protect the Mexicans
along our fronlier against the inroads of the hos-
tile Indians. It is thus rendered necessary that
we should keep a large force on the frontier, for
its protection; and, in order to render this protec-
tion efficient, it is proposed to authorize the Presi-
dent to mount such portions of the infantry com-
panies as, in his discretion, he may see fit.
By this bill it is proposed that the companies
may be filled up to seventy-four, which will make
a difference in the artillery of thirty-two, the pres-
ent strength of an artillery company being forty-
two. The dragoon companies may be increased
twenty, the present number being fifty. The
mounted riflemen will be increased ten, the pres-
ent number of the companies being sixty-four.
This increase, if carried through all the army,
would give an aggregate increase of about four
thousand men.
The provision authorizing the President to
mount such portion of the infantry as, in his dis-
cretion, he might see fit, had been inserted since
the original draughting of the bill; and but for
this provision the bill would have been good for
nothing. The troops on the frontier at present
are not sufficiently mounted to act with any effect
against the Indians. The idea of mounting a por-
tion of the infantry was recommended by the most
experienced officers in the service; and the reason
is, that the Indians are all well mounted, and have
generally three or four spare led horses. It is ne-
cessary that we should have a force there equal to
them, or we shall find it difficult to overcome
them. Why, it is asked, is the bill to be pressed
through at this time ? It is obvious to every tine.
It is because our frontiers are not sufficiently pro-
tected; because our citizens are assailed, that their
wives and children are subjected to outrage, and
that their property is stolen. The righls ot those
who aie entitled to our protection, cannot, must
not be disregarded, and we are now called upon to
do that which our duty to our country requires at
our hands as its representatives. We are called
on to pass this bill, and why not do it to-day? It
ought to have peen passed long ago. We are
called on to delay this duty no longer. And if the
House reposes any confidence in the committee; if
it believes that the committee has given the bill a
proper consideration, what necessity is there for
any other facts to be produced beyond the public
documents which are on the fable of every mem-
ber? He hoped the motion to refer the bill would
not prevail.
Mr. EVANS resumed. He had been gratified!
to give way for the explanation of the gentleman j
from New York. It was only in the companies i
on the frontier that the increase was proposed to
be made, tie looked at this bill as presenting one
of the most valuable form of increasing the army
which had ever been submitted to the considera-
tion of Congress. He would now call for the
reading of the bill.
The bill having been read by the Clerk,
Mr. EVANS resumed, when
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, requested
him to yield the floor. He wished to make a mo-
tion to suspend the rules for the purpose of eoing
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. This bill would then be the first in order
to-morrow morning.
Seveial voices: No, it will not.
Mr. THOMPSON hoped the gentleman would
yield the floor, to allow him to make the motion
to suspend the rules. ^
Mr. EVANS. Not for that purpose.
Mr. THOMPSON then asked, the Chair if the
morning hour had not expired.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the business on
the Speaker's table be taken up.
The question being taken on this motion, it was
decided in the negative.
Mr. EVANS resumed. The only question
which ought to be regarded by the House was:
Is the passage of this bill required ? If the
answer could be satisfactorily given in the nega-
tive, why then let it be defeated. Bit if the con-
dition of our frontier renders it necessary for its
protection that the increase of the army should be
authorized, we cannot too soon discharge the duty
which i3 thus devolved upon u§. He certainly
would not refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which would he
to prevent its passage, and leave our frontier still
exposed to outrage and depredation.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (Mr. Evans yielding,)
stated that he did not mean to he understood as
offering any opposition to the protection of our
frontier; but he did object to the mode of do'ng it
which was provided in this bill. He desired that
the frontier should be defended; but he did not
admit the necessity of any increase of the army
for the purpose of defending it. He believed that
we had already regular troops enough for this and
every other service, and he was always opposed
to any increase of the army in time of peace. He
thought that the frontier could be defended by
transferring to that station some of the troops who
were now on other stations. There were many
of these, he did not douht, who would think it a
favor to he transferred; a great many who were
ready and willing to go to the frontier. There
need be no fear about the interior, which could
take care of itself if all the regular army was
withdrawn. If it was necessaryjfor the defence
of the interior, we have always a standing army
ready to take the field. He had one in the Sixth
Congressional district of Alabama, ready to go
out at the first lap of the drum for the defence of
their homes. Let the regular troops be all trans-
ferred to the frontier, and let us rely on those who
are left at home. If the President has power to
transfer the troops to the frontier, let him exercise
it according to his discretion. If he has not got
the power, let us give it to him. He was unwill-
ing to increase the army. It would be much the
best mode to remove some of the regular troops
to the frontier, as lie had been informed that we
had already more of these in the seivice than
could be employed. He had been told that a
thousand men out of our present army were un-
employed during a considerable portion of their
time.
Mr. BURT asked if he understood the gentle-
man from Alahama as stating that there were a
thousand men in the army unemployed ?
Mr. COBB replied, no matter what the num-
ber may Be; if there were any more than were
neccssary it was sufficient for his argument.
Mr. BURT asserted that no one could say with
truth that a thousand men were unemployed, or
that there were even five men who were not em-
ployed. He challenged any gentleman to' cosite
forward and make such a charge on this ff*war, He
did not like to see the bill assailed by statements
such as these.
Mr. POTTER desired to ask how many regular
troops were employed on the Canada frontier?
Mr. EVANS said he did not know, nor did h6
suppose thaf any other gentleman knew. The
companies now in service were not filled up to
their proper complements. And it had been-found
very difficult to keep thv-m full.
Mr. POTTER asked if the gentleman frotn
Maryland could inform him how many regular
troops were stationed at the Island of Mackinaw ?
Mr. EVANS said, these questions about the
number of troops on the Canada frontier, and the
number on the Island of Mackinaw, were not he-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs. The dispo-
sition of the troops was regulated by the Secretary
of War, and not by that committee;and, no doubt,
that regulation looked to the public interest at all
points. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr Cobb]
charges, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.Potter]
insinuates, that we have already more troops than
can be kept employed. These gentlemen were la-
boring under a great error. It was not the fact that
any of the troops were unemployed. Wherever
they were stationed, they were kept fully em-
ployed. The troops on the frontier were now in-
sufficient for its protection. Nor can my of the
troops be transfened thither from other stations.
If, instead of asking these questions'—how many
men are on the Canada frontier, and how many
at Mackinaw, they would be good enough to point
out where there are too many troops stationed,
and whence they can be transferred to the frontier,
there would be something in their course of dis-
cussion which might be beneficial.
He had now said almost all he had intended to
say. We may send this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and thus
defeat its passage; we may induce ourselves to
believe that we have now more troops than can be
kept in employment, and, under the influence of
these delusions, and the idea of a false economy,
we may prevent legislation on the subject, while
our citizens on the frontier, with their wives, their
children, and their property, are exposed to: out-
rage and plunder. While we are amusing our-
selves with putting these frivolous questions, we
are only aggravating the danger which we ought
to guard against, and withholding from our own
citizens, who have a right to look to us for protec-
tion, those means of defence with which we are
bound by every pledge of duty and humanity to
furnish them at a moment when they are menaced
with all the atrocities of an Indian war.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the handa of
Colonel Bliss, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. BAYLY. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to say
a word relative to the financial aspect of this bill.
In the army and navy'btils, already reported, it is
proposed to appropriate, for the support of those
two arms of the public service, about seventeen
millions of dollars; and the army bill does not in-
clude the appropriation for fortifications, which
will amount to seven hundred and fifty thousand
dollars; nor the appropriation for West Point,
which will be near two hundred thousand dollars.
Excluding these, the appropriations already re-
ported, in time of profound peace, for our military
defence by sea and land, exceeds the sum expend-
ed during Mr. Adams's administration, upon
every branch of the public service, by four mil-
lions of dollars! And that Administration was
condemned by the country in part on account of
its wasteful extravagance!
Mr. KAUFMAN desired to ask a question of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BAYLY yielded the floor.
Mr. KAUFMAN desired to know what the
gentleman had stated the whole amount appro-
priated for the army and navy to be?
Mr. BAYLY. Seventeen millions—to speak
in round numbers.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Is not upwards of eleven
millions of that amount for the use of the navy?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir.
Mr. KAUFMAN. What is the amount?
Mr. BAYLY. It is a little upwards of nine
millions of dollars for the navy, and not quite
eight millions for the army: the t\iro together
