1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
making an aggregate of about seventeen million^
of dollars.
Mr. RICHARDSON made an inquiry, which
was not heard by the reporter, but the purport of
which may be inferred from the reply of Mr.
Bayly.
Mr. BAYLY. The appropriation for the sup-
port of the army includes not only the pay of the
army, but the con of transportation and every-
thing incident to the service, except the appropri-
ations for fortifications.
Mr. KAUFMAN was understood to' inquire
whether the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
did not know that not two millions of the whole
amount went to the defence of the western fron-
tier?
Mr. BAYLY. I do not know precisely how
much of the appropriation for the support of the
army is expended on the frontier; but I am sure
much more than the sum the gentleman names.
^ Much the larger portion of the army—four-fifths
of it, it is said—is upon the frontier; and the ex-
pense of it when there is much greater than when
it is on the Atlantic border.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, desired to
ask a question.
Mr. BAYLY yielded.
Mr. CALDWELL. Is not the standing army
less at this time than it was during the adminis-
tration of Mr. Adams?
Mr. BAYLY. My information is not very
precise, but I believe it is. And I beg leave in
this connection to say, that if ifye fact be as
suggested by my gallant friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Caldwell,] nothing can show more clearly
how unnecessarily expenditure has progressed in
this, as it has in almost every other branch of the
public service. The Committee of Ways and
Means have applied themselves diligently to bring
these expenditures within proper bounds. But it
is impossible for the Committee of Ways and
Means, or even of this House, unaided by the
Administration, to effect this great object. Proper
economy can be enforced by the Executive only.
It is in the expenditure of the money, which is
an administrative and not a legislative duty, that
the extravagance originates. That we cannot,
except to a very limited extent, control. If we
cut down the estimates m our appropriation bills,,
the result has been an expenditure beyond the
sums granted by Congress, and an application for
a deficiency bill, which of hue years has grown to
be a regular appropiiation bill, asked for at each
session, and amounts to almost as much as the
civil and diplomatic bill ought to amount to. 1 he
deficiency bill passed the other day appropriated
upwards of two and a half millions of dollars;
arid there are many large items of deficiency which
were not brought to our notice until after the bill
was acted upon, and which will hereafter have to be
provided for. Retrenchment and reform is imper-
atively demanded in every branch of the public
service. But it can never be effected except by
cordial sympathy and cfoperntion between ail of
the departments of the Government.
I faei it my duty (continued Mr. B.) to show to
the House the extent of the appropriations already
reported to sustain our military establishment, and ;
the increased expenditure which this bill will j
create, if it become a law, that we may vote un- !
derstandingly as to the extent of the appropria-
tions which we will be called upon hereafter to
make. On that point, I do not mean that the
House shall be taken by surprise.
The rank and file of the army now authorized
by law is eight thousand seven hundred and
eighty-seven. If this bill pass, it will be increased
at least four thousand men. I say this, for al-
though gentlemen ted us that it is contemplated to
increase only the force of .the regiments on the fron-
tier, yet there is nothing m the bill to restrict the
inciease to those regiments. It is all left to the
discretion of the President; and as the Adjutant
General, in his report transmitted to us by the
Administration, and doubtless approved by it,
earnestly recommends the increase of the rank
and file of the whole army, I have no doubt, if
left to the discretion of the President, it will be
done. Should the increase recommended be au-
thorized, it will augment the rank and file about
one third; or, in other words, it will carry tne
army from upwards of eight thousand men up to
upwards of twelve thousand men. In addition to
this, the biii authorizes the President to equip and I
mount as many of the regiments as he may see
fit; and we are told that most of those on the
froniier, amounting, it is said, to four-fifths of the
army, ought to be mounted. It is known that a
mounted regiment costs about double of one on
foot; so the expense of every company of infantry
which shall be mounted will cost double what it
does now. It is impossible for me to say the pre-
cise extent of the increase of expense which this
bill will entail upon the country, but from the
statements I have made, the House will see that
it must be very large. A
Now, sir, I am as anxious as any one can be to
defend properly our frontier, and to carry out, in
good faith, our treaty with Mexico. But I have
heard nothing to satisfy me that our present force
is not sufficient for that purpose. I know that
there are at present large detachments of the army
in Florida. But the difficulty with the Indians
there, I have no doubt, will be temporary; and 1
do not think that a permanent increase of the army
ought to be authorized to meet a contingency of
that sort.
I have not wished to prolong this discussion.
But I felt it my duty to make the statements I
have presented to the House; and if they arc pre-
pared for the heavy expenditure which the bill will
create, why let them pass it. But let them not
hereafter complain of the expense.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had witnessed several
efforts in this body to reduce and to increase the
army, but he had never listened to an effort of
this character with as much surprise as on the
present occasion. The history of our nation
showed that these Indian depredations had ever
been repelled by volunteers from the hardy hack-
woodsmen, who understood the character and hab-
its of the savage tribes around them. From the
Pequod war down to that upon our western fron-
tier of 1812, no one ever thought of raising a
standing army to protect the frontier against those
miserable savages. The frontier men, who under-
stand the Indian character, who are acquainted
with their habits and their modes of warfare, gen-
erally assemble suddenly and commence their op-
erations, and ere you could assemble or even in-
list your regular army, the Indians are driven from
; the frontier, arid sue for peace.
It is now said that the regular army is busy on
the Atlantic coast and our northern frontier, to re-
pair, take care of, and maintain the fortifications
ei ected there. Of what use are those fortifications ?
Why, sir, as you pass up the Rhine upon the conti-
nent of Europe, you witness on either side at
short distances, castles erected at immense expense
m feudal times. They were erected for the pre-
cise object for which your forts and works of de-
fence on 'the Atlantic coast and on our northern
frontier were erected. These forts are not now, and
never will be, of any possible benefit to this nation.
The money expended in their erection was worse
than thrown away. Half a century hence it will
be difficult to make our descendants understand
that at this period of the world States could have
closed their eyes to all the evidences around them,
and cast away the national treasure upon works
which can never be of the least possible utility.
M r. HOUSTON, (interposing,and Mr. G. yield-
ing ) I rise, Mr. Speaker, to reply to the obser-
vation which has fallen from the honorable mem-
ber from Ohio, in regard to the fortifications on
the Atlantic sea-board. I do not know as it has!
ever been proposed to erect fortifications upon the
Ohio. But 1 think ths honorable gentleman, if he ■
will reflect one moment, will discover, notwith- !
standing the great advances which have been made :
in all branches of science, and in the military sci- i1
ence particularly, of late years, that fortifications j
such as the Government is now erecting, and has i
long maintained upon the Atlantic sea-board, in de- I
fence of the large commercial emporiums of the '!
country, are still important, aye, imperatively de- !■
manded. I will refer the honorable member sim- H
ply to the city of New York, to the city of Phila- ;J
delphia, and other important points; what would j!
protect these places from a single frigate of the I
English or French Navy, but these fortifications? :
It is true, that a few mariners could land and per- '
haps pa.*s by these fortifications and make incur- j
sions and inroads into the country, but what is to i
prevent an enemy's vessel from passing up the
Delaware, or entering the harbor of New York,
and bombarding your cities and levelling them to
the ground—aye, a single seventy-four, with not
more than fifty or sixty fighting men, except your
fortifications? Your fortifications are intended as
a protection against the naval operations, not the
army, of a foreign country, and therefoie they are
important.
Mr. GIDDINGS said thathehad intended to say
thatsuch had been the improvements in steam navi-
gation, in railroads and canals, and every means of
defence, that no nation upon the earth would ever
attempt an invasion of our soil. Not all the na-
tions of the woild combined could endanger our
I Government; and he would in candor ask the
i gentleman from Delaware if he apprehended an
invasion of our <soil from either England or France,
or any other nation ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it very probable that
the gentleman from Ohio is right in the opinion
which he has just expressed, that no foreign power,
at least as long as we are able to maintain our
present form of Government, our existing con-
federation, will attempt a serious invasion of this
country. But these fortifications are demanded to
protect us against that great arm of power which
they have ever exercised against us, and will in
time of war—that is, their armed marine. It is to
guard against this that these fortifications have
i been erected and maintained, and should beerected
j and maintained upon the Atlantic coast.
; Mr. GIDDINGS said he was aware that the
i gentleman would answer as he had done. He
j thought that no-statesman would risk his reputa-
1 t on by the expression of such a possibility. Why,
1 (said Mr. G.,) with our telegraphs and our rail-
| roads, if New Yoik were invaded, we could send
j troops from this city in thirteen hours, from Buffa-
i lo in twenty hours, from Portland in about the
' same time, and in two days an army of a million
' could be concentrated in that city.
| As to the navy, he would refer to the fact, that
the Bi itish in 1812 had entire control of Lake Erie;
that on the 13th of February, 1813, we had not
even cut a stick of the timber for that navy which,
on the 10th of September following, captured the
entire British fleet. In that short time the navy
was built, armament placed on board, and the
British fleet was captured. Now, said he, what ia
our means, compared with that day ? No mind
can conceive the difference. We can command
any amount of the material of war; and m case of
a prospect of war, we can erect and man a navy
in any given time, if deemed necessary.
Mr. SCHENCK said that he did not know
whether he distinctly understood the application
that his colleague would make of the argument he
was now submitting, in favor of defending the
country only by the aid of its public woiks. But
he would ask his colleague, considering the char-
acter and habits of the Indians on our new fron-
tier—the roving tribes of« amanches and Navajo's,
and the kind of country in "which they weie com-
mitting: their depredations—how long u would take
us to lick them with railroads ? [L-xughter.] He
(Mr. S.) was afraid we were not yet fully pro-
vided with that sort of weapons for reaching them
in that quarter!
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he had been replying to
the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Houston;]
but in answer to his colleague he would say, that,
by our railroads and canals he would transport all
our army from the Atlantic coast to the West, and
would consolidate the companies, and discharge
the supernumeraiy officers, and would employ
the whole in defence of the frontier while they
remained in service, and that be would thereafter
depend on volunteers for defence against the
Indians.
He was aware that our immense coast was re-
ferred to in support of the argument in favor of an
increase of the army. He desired to say that every
man employed upon the Atlantic coast, upon our
vast Canadian frontier, and upon the western fron-
tier, around ^as far as Texas, was employed to
no possible purpose. He rejoiced to say that no
troops were occupied on the Ohio coa^t. They
wanted none. They would be as useless between
that State and Canada, as they would be if occu-
pied between Ohio and Pennsylvania.
He was gratified that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had given an expose
of the financial view of the subject. He thanked
him for it. We had paid out some six hundred
millions of money since the commencement of
the Government, for the support of the army and
navy—most of that vast amount had been worse
