1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
looked for somewhere else, and not in the size of
the army, for that is actually leS3 than the army
daring the administration of Mr. Adams. I hope
the matter will undergo a thorough investigation,
and the evil and the extravagance traced to their
true cause. i
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman will allow me,
I beg to say to the House, that the committee of
Ways and Means have given that subject their
most careful and scrutinizing attention, but, that
nothing can be accomplished in such matters with-
out the cooperation of the departments who are
interested with making the estimates and calcula-
tions.
Mr. HOWARD asked, if the gentleman from
Virginia thought the present force sufficient for
the defence of the frontier?
Mr. BAYLY replied in the negative.
Mr CALDWELL (resuming) said he did not
doubt either the ability or fidelity of the Commit-
tee over which the honorable gentleman presided
with so much honor to himself and the country—
he had no doubt they hud discharged, and would
continue to discharge, their duty. His only ob-
ject was to show that the enormous increase m the
estimates did not arise from the size of the army—
for the army was now organized as a skeleton es-
tablishment for a time of peace.
Again, jt is proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. HARRisj'to amend this bill by sub-
stituting new corps. The gentleman from Texas
(Mr. Howard] also offers an amendment some*
thing similar. The plan of either of those gen-
tlemen would be more expensive, and in the.opin-
ion of the Prendent,as we are informed, lees ef-
fective than the plan proposed in the bill now
before us. Bv this bill we do not increase the
number of officers; we add to the strength and
efficiency of the army by filling up the companies,
or such of them serving on the frontier as, in the
discretion of the President, may be found neces-
sary. It gives to the President also the discre-
tionary power 'to mount such portions of the
infantry ns may be deemed necessary to repel and
chastise the insolence of the savages.
It is well known that thos*>e wild and warlike
tribes on our western and southwestern borders,
are well mounted, and the best horsemen in the
world. Their animals are well trained, and when
they have made their incursions, and perpetrated
their outrages, they fly before their pursuers, fleet
as the wind, it is worse than a mockeiy to send
footmen in pursuit of them. Their inefficiency
but invites a repetition of the outiage. My hon-
orable colleague [.VI r. Marshall] inquired whether
we intended arming the troops, thus mounted,
with the sabre or the bayonet. 1 am sure, from
that gentleman's acknowledged acumen and mil-
itary experience, he would not have asked such a
question if he had "read the bill and the amend-
ment. The amendment to the bill proposes to au-
thorize the President to cause such portion of the
foot troops 44 to be properly equipped and mount-
ed," as the exigencies of the service may require.
This language certainly cannot be misunder-
stood; for troops when mounted are not " properly
equipped," unless armed in a manner suited to
mounted men.
If you adopt the other plans proposed, and .call
out volunteers or rangers, you increase the num- j
ber of men as much as we propose by this bill; |
and in addition add laigely to the number of offi-
cers, which this bill does not, and leave our pres-
ent gallant and scientific officers idle and useless,
because they have no men to command. In addi-
tion to that, you force the President to resort to a
kind of force that he does not want, nnd has, as
we ore told by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. J
Howard.] distinctly repudiated.
The distinguished gentleman now occupying the !
White House has been chosen to preside over the j
destinies of this nation, particularly on account of |
his military qualifications. He has devoted forty j
years to the profession of arms. It is his duty as i
President to protect the country, and this is the j
measure which he has called on us to pass, to en- :
able him to discharge that duty. If we p iss it, all :
subsequent responsibility rests with him; if we do
not, and the women and children of the frontier j
are still outraged. murdered, and captured, we our- '
selves must assume ail the responsibility for that
deplorable s^tate of things. In conclusion, I go
for this measure, not because it meets my views of
the best mode of protecting the frontiers, but in
deference to the greater experience and skill of the
President; and because it ha? passed the Senate;
and because of the greater economy of this over
any other plan proposed for discharging a high
and imperative duty.
* Mr. MARSHALL said, that the numerous
inquiries propounded to gentlemen on the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, which had not been
answered specifically, induced him to venture one
or two observations on the subject before the
House. He was in favor of the passage of the
bill, though he had not examined its minutiae; be-
cause he understood from the honorable chairman
on Military Affairs, that it merely proposed to in-
crease the rank and file of those companies of the
regular army which were employed on our western
frontier, and to mount the force thus increased, if
such a step should be deemed proper by the Pres-
ident of the United States. The regular annjual
report of the Secretary of War had referred to the
increase of the rank and file of the army as the
best mode of augmenting the military force of the
country; and this recommendation came to Con-
gress endorsed by the President; or, rather, as-
sumed as liis recommendation. It had undergone
an investigation by the Senate, and by the Mili-
tary Committee of this House; and though ap-
proved by all, it now meets with two classes of
objectors: 1st. The public economists, who would
refuse any increase of the army, under any pre-
tence; 2d. Of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] who proposes to substitute for the pro-
visions of this bill, an act authorizing two volun-
teer mounted battalions of western men—furnishing
their own horses and equipments, under officers of
their own selection—to b3 mustered into the service
for a limited time. The troops of the line of the
Army of the United States, now consist of 9,372,
officers and men.
Mr. BAYLY. More than 10,000.
Mr.-MARSHALL. No, sir. If the gentleman
will refer to the report of the Adjutant General,
transmitted with the President's message, he will
find my statement exactly correct. It is 9 372, of
find mv statement exactly correct. It is 9.372 of
whom 585 are commissioned officers, and 8.787 are
non-commissioned officers and privates. This is
the force authorized by law, and it i3 divided as
follows:
Mounted troop* 2,1(10
Infantry 4 *t64
Artillery 2,808
Total 9,372
The general returns of the army show how far
the actual force in service comes to the number au-
thorized by law. The same report exhibit? a de-
ficiency, according to the latest regimental returns,
as follows:
Authorized. J3dually in service.
Dragoons. 2 rpsiments, l,3r0 1,126
Mounted rifle®, 1 regiment... ^00  R"3
Artillery, 4 regiment-* 2/08 2,716
Infantry, 8 regiments 4,464   4,U94
Now, Mr. Speaker, we are not to conclude that
our army contains even this number fit for duly.
On the contrary, this is all we have when all are
counted; and, among these, we number not merely
the able and healthy, but those sick and disabled
—not merely the " present," but the absent. The
same return will show the number " present and
fit for duty,"at its date, which may safely be ac-
cepted asan average, of the number upon which you
may count at any moment of time. It shows as
" present and fit for duty"—
Dragoon?, (officers and men,) 723
Rifle*. do do     ,435
Artiiu ry <in do ^. 1 .pyg
Infantry do do 2,793
Total 5 948
This number embraces all of the United States
army " present and fit for duty," (both officers nnd
men,) at the commencement of this session. All
others who were present, were sick, or detailed for
extra duty, or in arrest; but the total piesent, fit
and unfit for duty, was as follows :
Officers. Men. Aggregate.
Dragoons   50 829 ...879
Riflemen 3'> ,r>96 631
Artillery 164.... 2 2! 5 2,:j79
Infantry 2(2....3 378   3.5£0
45L 7,018 7,469
Now, Mr. Speaker, if you will consider the
coasts and frontiers of the United States, the inland
routes from the extreme settlements of Missouri
and Ark&nsas across to the western possessions of
this Government, the task imposed upon the War
Department, and the means provided by law for
discharging it, can readily be contrasted; or, in
other words, the means and ends may be at once
compared by the most careless observer. You
have not an army large enough to station a single
relief of sentinels around your country! But, the
President does not desire to increase the list of
officers; he only asks for more men, and he will be
willing to assume the responsibility of protecting
the country. The quesiion has been asked, how
many of the men now in service have been used on
the western frontier? A reference to the report of
the Adjutant General will show the distribution of
the troops at the close of the past year, and he
(Mr. M.) would undertake to say, thatihe dispo-
sitionofthe means wasjudicious,and highly credit-
able to the head of the army as well as to the offi-
cers of divisions. The lifie corps is distributed m
the northwest; the dragoons in the south and
southwest; the mass of the artillery police your
foi tifications, and the infantry are at your exposed
posts on the frontiers. To Texas and New Mex-
ico forty-five companies were sent; in other words,
twenty-eight companies have been distri! uted to
Texas and seventeen to New Mexico, for their
protection. In these companies are et/ibraced the
1st, 2d, and 8th regiments of infantry complete,
the 2J regiment of dragoons complete, and five
companies of artillery. The 1st regiment of dra-
goons is distributed in detachments to cover.the
western borders of Arkansas and Missouri, the
eastern border of Texas and ihe borders of Iowa
and Minnesota, whilea feware dispofed ofin Cali-
fornia—one only to protect the commissioner exe-
cuting the boundary survey between the United
States and Mexico. The rifle regiment protects
the routes to Oregon and California, as was de-
signed by the law creating that corps. In this
distribution of force, a sound judgment has been
displayed, and a regard for the interests of the
most exposed positions upon the frontiers. Look,
for instance,at thedispopition of force upon the Rio
Grande. From Point Isabel to Laredo is about 500
mdes—the Mexican ft ontier. On thisonly Jivecom-
panies of infantry are posted—not a dragoon. If
the companies were full they would afford a guard
of 33£ men to every 100 miles! Could gentlemen
desire to be more economical ? Taking Laredo as
the point, the gentleman from Texas will observe
that the dragoon force is disposed of to cover his
country, upon lines exposed to the Indian frontier,
with posts occupied by infantry at fixed positions
upon those lines; thus leaving the mounted troops
all disposable and liable to concentration upon
any point the emergency may require. Could
the Executive, do more with the means at his
command? The gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] proposes a substitute for this bill, to
which Mr. M said, he must pay the tribute of a
: moment's notice. He desires to raise two battal-
j ions (in ail 1,200 men,) of volunteers, to be mount-
ed on their own horses and equipped at their own
expense, to protect the frontiers. The President
with forty years of experience upon his head, de-
sires only the increase of the rank and file of the
, existing corps, and that he shall have liberty to
mount them if necessity requires. Suppose his
j proposition prevails, what addition will it make to
j the force? Let us see: to twenty-five companies of
1 foot, thirty-two men each, is equal to eight hun-
dred men—to six companies of mounted iroops,
twenty-five men each, is one hundred and fifty
[ men. Or if you wil add fo-each of the forty five
i companies in Texas and New Mexico, thirty-two
! men, it would be an addition of only fourteen hun-
! dred 8nd forty men. The President would dispense
with officers; the gentleman from Texas would mul-
tiply them. The matter of economy is clearly with
the President, though the number each estimates
| as sufficient for tha purpose seems not to vary ma-
j terially A short military experience induces me
j to *ay, that this Government never should raise a
I military force to enter the service, unless upon
! some sudden and extraordinary emergency,
| mounted upon horses belonging to the men who
ride them. Itis a policy which least consults the
spirit of a true economy, and least promotes the
ends of a substantial service. Wheh troops are
mixed it is unjust to the volunteer; and at all
times most ruinous to discipline. Mr. M. said, he
commanded a regiment so mounted, in the late war;
and were there a thousand wars, he should never
