1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
desire to see another accepted upon such terms.
"When the horses belong to the Government the
animal can be turned over to a quartermaster,
when he is unfit for service, and a sound one taken
in his stead while he w recruited. The volunteer
becomes disabled whenever his horse becomes
disabled; for it will not answer to take the private
property of a soldier who is sick, to mount anoth-
er who has ridden his own to death, or who has so
neglected his own as to render it unfit for service.
The injustice of this strikes the senses of every
man, and, in service, it is a moat serious annoy-
ance, frequently impairing materially the efficien-
cy of a command, mounted upon individual prop-
erty. When the horses belong to individuals,
volunteers, they feel the right to use them how
they please and as they please. No stringency
of discipline can prevent. There are a great
many objections which might be enumerated;
but, losses occur in a thousand ways wiihout the
fault of the volunteer, and he appeals fruitlessly
to Government for relief. His case 44 is not em-
braced by existing law," or some objection starts,
which proves sufficient to turn him away without
compensation for a Io«s he is poorly able to sus-
tain. Look at your office of Third Auditor, at the
fiftepn thousand undecided casesof this character,
and they will warn you against the adoption of this
substitute. There are a givat many meritorious
cases known to Mr. M. personally, which oc-
curred under his own eyes, of losses for which
Government has not paid, and he verily believes
never will pay, principal or interest. Mr. M. said
he never wanted to see another command on that
basis: it is neither proper for the soldier nor the
country. But Texas is not the only frontier to be
guarded. The substitute of the gentleman looks
to Texas battalions. Mr. M. was for an sncieaee
of force for the protection of the whole western
frontiers—the supply of means to render all our
settlements safe and all our highways secure.
Mr. HOWARD (interposing,) said he did not
complain so much of the mode in which the Presi-
dent proposed to act as that he would not act at
all. Be was for applying his favorite policy of
" non-action" to the western frontier of Texas.
Mr. MARSHALL. The President used all the
means granted, and, as has been shown, used them
in the most judicious manner, through the military
officers, to insure protection especially to the fron-
tiers of Texas; and he called the attention of Con-
gress to the necessity of providing additional
means, so soon as Congress organized to receive
his message. Whal more could the President have
done? Now, when the Senate has adopted the
suggestion of the War Department, and the Mili-
tary Committee of the House have sanctioned it,
the gentleman comes forward with his plan, and
proposes-to substitute his plan for thatof the Pres-
ident. The experience of the President in matters
of this kind was large, and so was the responsibility
under which his recommendations were presented.
If he was to be held to a responsibility for every
.drop of blood shed upon the western frontiers, as
the gentleman said he should be, at least permit
him to have the means of meeting the dangers
which menaced the frontiers, in hts own way. If
the gentleman meant for the President to fight the
battle, let the President prepare the plan of the
battle and choose his material. In this case the
gentleman produces delay by hisown suggestions,
against the plans suggested by the great military
ability which al! conceded to General Taylor.
Mr. HOWARD, interposing. He had reason
to believe the plan of the President was utterly at
war with the opinions of officers of the army serv-
ing upon the frontier. Some of them had told him
that they were in favor of a mounted force—look-
ing upon the infantry as entirely inadequate to the j
warns and unsuited to the nature of the service :
required. !
Mr. MARSHALL. The bill proposes to mount i
the whole force, if, in the opinion of: the department, j
the public inteiests will be promoted thereby. :
The experience of the officers serving on the fron- j
tier will, without doubt, he consulted. The only j
difference is, that the men will be mounted upon ;
public houses and armed at public expense, and |
no more will b^ mounted and (or no longer period •
than thry are, in truth, wanted. The geniieman ;
said the complaint was, that he could not have ,
adion. Where did the fault lie? Not with the
President; for he (Mr. M ) had proved that the :
President used the means in his power in the ;
recess of Congress, and used them not only judi-
ciously, but with his usual ability, and that he had
brought this matter before Congress at the earliest
moment m his power. The records of this House
will prove where the fault rests. The Military
Committee had struggled to get at this bill while
on the Speaker's table, and for some time unsuc-
cessfully. The fault was not to be attributed to
the Military Committee, for he (Mr. M.) cheer-
fully bore testimony to the exceeding anxiety
manifested at all limes by the honorable chairman
of that committee to get at this bill and to have
rhis subject disposed of. He (Mr. M.) had on a
former day called the yeas and nays upon a prop-
osition to suspend the rules in order to take up
this bill, upon the assurance given by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs that the frontieis demanded—required the
passage of this bill for their protection from the
hostilities of the Indians. Look to that vote, and
the gentleman will know where to charge the re-
sponsibility of " non-action" in this case. Where
are tfye objectors to the passage of this bill to-day ?
The political friends of the gentleman from Texas
are in the majority in this House, and there arc
no objections on this side of the House to action
upon the bill. Let the country understand who
are producing the delay, and if responsibility for
blood shed upon ti e frontier is to be charged here-
after upon any, let the recorded action of this
House indicate where that responsibility properly
rests.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. Have not
more ad vocates for the bill appeared on this side of
the House, than on that to which the gentleman
belongs ?
Mr. MARSHALL replied, that really he had
not counted.
Mr. CALDWELL wished further to inquire,
whether his colleague had listened to the very
eloquent speech of the gentleman fronvOhio, [Mr.
Giddings,] delivered upon the floor during this
day ? And if so, he would ask what his colleague
had to say to u?
Mr. MARSHALL said, he had heard the
speech referred to, and all he had to say about it
was, that the gentleman from Ohio seemed to have
forgotten much of the material part of the history
of the West. He assumed that the backwoodsmen
of the West had never required the assistance of
a regular soldiery, to subdue the savages who in-
terrupted their tarly adventures for settlement in
the West, and that, therefore, this bill should not
pass. Mr. M. referred to the services of one tegu-
lar soldier who was defeated—St. Clair. He had
been a Major Genera! in the war with England.
But he would mention one yet more glorious,
General Anthony Wayne, whose legion con-
stituted part of the *' regular soldiery" of the time.
It was, alas, too true, that a great many of the le-
gislators had forgotten them, and he much feared
the few of that glorious band who survived were
destined to go down to their graves without a sign
of the recognition of their gallant services by the
country. Bur Wayne and his legion were regulars;
and in 1794 they played homepm't in the Indian wars
of the West. At Tippecanoe, Colonel Boyd and
the fourth United States infantry had some hand in
the fight. A Fort Harrison, Captain Zachary
Taylor, who was a regular rjficer, had evinced
some skill and courage; and if he refcollected aright
the same regular officer had, as a Brigadier, had
something to do wnh the Indian wars in Florida.
Indeed, when he recollected the movements of the
troops at the northwest during the war of 1812, he
was astonished at the recollection of the gentleman
from Ohio, for he (Mr. M ) thought one of the
bases on which the war b^gan, and on which its,
glory rested, was that this Government would, as a
matter of duty, use its military force to protect
western frontiersmen fiom the Indian incursions,
and would punish as an enemy any nation who
excited the savages to hostilities against our infant
and exposed settlements.
Mr.'GIDDlNGS inquired of the gentleman from
Kemuc Ky, if, after the surrender ot Gtneial Hull
in 1812, there were a hundred men, or even a com-
pany of regular troops, on the northwestern fron-
tier of Ohm during that year?
Mr. MARSHALL it was disagreeable to be
pinned too closedown to the mi hum® ot history, and
indeed it seemed that, from all sides, he was likely,
for advocating the protection of the west, to have
his own scalp taken.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he was perfectly aware
that the army under General Wayne was raised
for a particular purpose, and that it was raised
from the farmersand backwoodsmen of the West—
that the spies, and principal protection, and most
efficient part of the army, were from the western
States and those western settlers. So it was with
the army under St. Clair, and the history of the
gentleman's own State, the blood which Sowed
from Kentucky's veins, should teach him what
his own countrymen of the We3t had done and
could do. He also referred to the forces under
General Hull—u regular force raised and put un-
der one of our most experienced generals, which
was captured and surrendered before they reached
the frontier they were intended to protect. The
boys of sixteen and seventeen went upon that
frontier, and the savages were by these laid low
and bleeding in the dust. And shall the gentle-
man from Kentucky now tell me (.said Mr. G.)
tnat I do no understand the history of our arms?
Let/im read that history. If he is younger than
I, it is not my fault. [A laugh.] If he had min-
gled in those fights—if he had heard the crack of
the rifle and the war-whoop of the Indian, he
would recollect it. I have some knowledge of the
history of that country.
M r. MARSHALL was sorry to see the gentle-
man from Ohio lose his temper. He (Mr. M.)
certainly did not covet a passage at arms with
him. The position the gentleman assumed in his
opposition to the bill under consideration, was
understood to be this: that in the early history of
the West, regular troops never were called to play
a part, and that the settlers of the West were al-
ways equal to the task of subduing them by their
own rifles. It was that position of the gentleman
from Ohio which had elicited remark. In his
turn, (said Mr. M ,) that gentleman now attempts
to teach me a lesson in the history of the West,
and seeks to place me in the false position of deny-
ing the gallantry of our own western backwoods-
men, I was born m 'he West—I belong to the
West—i know thegallamry of the West; but I also
know the pride of the West. Her people will
never forget the credit that is due to those who
bravely assisted the West in the hour of need.
The laurels of the true soldier are none the less
green, because a wreath is twined also for a com-
rade.
Mr. GIDDINGS explained. The gentleman
had misunderstood him. He (Mr. G.) had as-
serted that the main part of the defence'of the
western frontier was by volunteers—the farmers
and backwoodsmen there. He certainly did not
say that no regular troops had served theie.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, let that suffice for
the present* and let us return to the bill upon the
table. The positions which he (Mr. M ) occupied
were these: first, the Executive had used the
means at his command for the protection of the
western frontier, and had used them judiciously;
the distribution had thrown all to the West that
could be spared, with justice to other points of the
country. Second, the Executive had caJled the
attention of Congress to this subject at the earliest
practicable moment. Third, the delay was not
attributable to the Executive, and that it was con-
tinued, was not a fault of the side of this H« use
on which he (Mr. M.) occupied a seat. The gen-
tleman from Texas asked for mounted nrm, and
he (Mr. M.) had sdiown that the bill proposed to
mount all, if deemed necessary so to do.
Mr. HO WARD explained. Hi* objection'was
to the character of the force. You cannot get
western men who can ride, to enlist for five years;
you would have foreigners who cannot ride or
take care of their horses. The art of horseman-
ship was an accomplishment acquired in youth,
and the western men possessed it in an eminent
degree.
Mr. MARSHALL. The objections from the
other side of the chamber are as inconsistent as
they aie various. To-day the President has been
assailed, because the regular troops belonging to
the artilieiy and infantry regiments have not been
ordered fmm th  northern frontier and the Atlantic
sea-board to Texas. One distinguished gentle-
man inquired, with remai kable emphasis* why the
troops garrisoned Mackinac and Green Bay, or
why soldiers were retained in New Enghmd?
Another desired to know why the fortttottons
were not left under a diminished force, and the
troops sent southwest. Who are these froops ?
