1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
(said Mr. M.) The very " foreigners" the gen-
tleman from Texas objects to! Recruits picked
up in the depo's of the East, and trained to artil-
lery duty or to infantry exercises. The gentle-
man thinks they would be of no use, even were
they mounted, for the art of horsemanship is
** only acquired in youth." Mr. M. would assure
the gentleman from Texas, that many of the best
cavalry soldiers in our service were foreigners—
many of the best riders and bravest and truest
soldiers. But the provisions of this bill satisfy
even this last objection. It declares a bounty on
a western recruit, " to the manner born," with a
view to present efficient, acclimated men, who do
understand the art of riding, and have been used
to the horse from their youth. So far as he (Mr.
M.) was concerned, he was ready to vote for a
proposition to add another mounted regiment to
the regular service, for he verily believed both
that measure and this bill will be found necessary.
It can scarccly be possible to avoid an extensive
Indian war along our western frontier. Indeed,
he believed it was the best policy, and that true
economy would be consulted by thrashing the
Indians whom we acquired by the treaty with
Mexico, until they learn the force and meaning of
a treaty, and esteem it a precious boon, hard to
obtain, and never to be forfeited voluntarily. As
it is, they make and break treaties with us, as
they were wont to do with the Mexicans. We
shcdi have no security until they learn the lessons
of wisdom in the bitter school of experience. The
Administration having, however, called on Con-
gress for an increase of the rank and file of exist-
ing regiments only, and not for the creation of
any new corps, he (Mr. M.) would respectfully
submit that the best rule for the Representatives
of the people to pursue, is to yield to the Execu-
tive the amount and kind of force he demands for
the protection of the frontier, and then to hold
him to the duty of affording that protection. The
people of this country have tried the President as
a soldier too thoroughly and too frequently, not to
lend a confiding ear to his counsels, and when he
says distinctly, that with this increase of the rank
and file only, he can " conquer a peace1' with the
Indians of the West, the country will believe him.
If he fails, then he will have incurred the respon-
sibility, and he is the man who will not shrink
from it. His recommendation meets the appro-
bation of the Senate, and of our own military com-
mittee; it should be the plan adopted by Congress
without any further delay.
Mr. M. having concluded—
$lr. CARTTER obtained the floor. The House,
he said, seemed desirous to adjourn, under the im-
pression that this bill could not be finally acted
upon to-day. He had watched the progress of
the bill through the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, (of which he was a member,) with some
care, and desired to submit a few remarks upon
it. He would, however, consult the disposition
of the House, whatever that might be. Person-
ally, it was immaterial to him; and he would
either proceed with his remarks now, or defer
them unni to-moirow, as the House might prefer.
The House manifesting a general inclination to
go home—
A motion was made that the House adjourn,
and was decided in the affirmative.
Whereupon the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, J\fay 23, 3850. ~
Mr. MASON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Georgetown and Washington county, in
the District of Columbia, asking an extension of
the jurisdiction of the magistrates or justices of
the peace in said District; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Marietta, Ohio, asking the adoption of measures \
for the adjustment of international difficulties by 1
arbitration; which was referred to the Committee |
on Foreign Relations. j
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from j
citizens of the State of Arkansas, asking that the j
raft m Red River may be removed. j
Mr. CHASE presented a petition from citizens ]
of the State of Ohio, asking that slavery may be '
prohibited by law m the territories of the United j;
States. j!
AJso, a petition from citizens of the same State, >i
asking that no State may hereafter be admitted
into the Union whose constitution does not ex-
pressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also,a petition from citizens of the same, asking
that the right of trial by jury may be secured by
law to fugitive slaves, when arrested in any other
State than where service is claimed.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefrom.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery may be abolished m the District
of Columbia, and prohibited in all the territories
of the United States; that no State may hereafter
be admitted whose constitution does not expressiy
prohibit slavery within its limits, and the right
of trial by jury allowed by law to all fugitive
slaves.
Also, a petition from the Pennsylvania Society
for promoting the Abolition of Slavery, praying
the adoption of measures, for abolishing slavery
and the slave trade in the United States; till of
\tfhich were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CORW1N presented a petition of citizens
of the State of Ohio, asking that the right of trial
by jury may be secured by law to all fugitive
slaves; and a petition of citizens of the same State,
asking that the slave trade may be abolished in
th_e District of Columbia, or the seat of Govern-
ment removed therefrom; which were ordered to
he on the table.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER,
Ordered, That the petition of Ziha. Baker, on the files of
the Senate, be refered to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That the petition of Robert Mitchell, on the
files of the Senate, be reterred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
HEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. ,
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
communication from the Department of State, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 9th
instant, calling for information as to what meas-
ures had been taken on the memorial of the nephew
of General Kosciusko and Gaspard Tochman, at-
torneys of the heirs, reported in favor of printing
the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same "committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the message of the
President communicating information in relation
to hostilities committed by the Seminole Indians
during the past year, their removal, &c., reported
in favor of printing the same; which was agreed
to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the report of the Secretary of State, with
additional correspondence in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate calling for instructions and cor-
respondence of the agent employed in Hungary
during the recent war between that country and
Austria, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
■BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to direct a re-
examination of the account between the United
States and the State of Maryland; which was read
a first and .second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. ;
■NOTICE OF A BILL. j
Mr. TURNEY gave notice that he would to- j
morrow", or some subsequent day, ask leave to in- j
troducea bill for the relief of Capt. Nathan Adams,
of Tennessee.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR OF THE SENATE. |
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following resolu" |
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent* i
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the editor of the Republic, a daily new*- j
paper published in the city of Washington, be admitted on '
the flooi ot the Senate. j
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I submit the fol- ;
lowing resolution: \
Resolved. That a select committee of three he appointed
by the Chair, with instruction* to inquire and repoit to ihe f
Senate u hat alteration* ot amendments of the rules of the
Semite, if any, be necessary, relating to admission oa the
floor ot the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT suggested a doubt
whether the resolution was strictly in order.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I will modify the
resolution by striking out the words " appointed
by the Chair, " and insert the word " raised," and
I hope the resolution will be now consideied.
The motion to consider at this time was agreed
to. , .
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I desire to
offeran amendment to the resolution, in these words:
Strike out all after ihe word resolved, and insert
•'That the Vice. President be authorized to issue to
each Senator daily, on request, a permit on which
the name of tl\e Senator shall be written, to admit
to a privileged seat in the Senate one person."
Mr. HALE. I shall have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina, if
it meets the concurrence of the Senate. I have no
doubt as to the propriety of the amendment, but I
should prefer that the subject should be referred to
a committee, as my resolution proposes. Yet I
should like to have a vote first taken on the amend-
ment.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, for my own
part I am satisfied with the rules as they stand. If
the amendment prevail, it will reduce Senators to
this dilemma : If two or three friends present them-
selves, Senators will have to make a selection of
whom they will admit. If the amendment prevail,
and each Senator be allowed to brin^ one person
in.addition to those who are now entitled to the
floor of the Senate, it will virtually exclude the
members of the House of Representatives, for
whose benefit, I suppose, the rules relating to ad-
mission were originally made. I have heard com-
plaints from members of the House of Represent-
atives, time and again, that when important ques-
tions are under discussion in the Senate, and when
they desired, and when it is perhaps their duty to
attend such debates, they cannot find room here.
If each of the sixty Senators is entitled to admit
a person, the lobbies of the Senate will be filled,
and the members of'he House of Representatives
will be virtually excluded. 1 am satisfied with the
rules as they now exist, if they are only enforced.
Mr. DAYTON'. Mr. President, it seems to me
that something of this character should be done to
relieve Senators from the difficulty in which they
now stand. We may be all satisfied with the or-
dinary working of the rule relating to admission,
if it were enforced. But while one-half of the
Senate regard the rule, and another half of the
Senate disregard it, and while that is our past ex-
perience, and will be our future experience, it in-
volves us in constant arid unpleasant difficulties.
We ought to have our rules right, so that we may
be enabled to live up to them. I believe there is no
deliberative assembly in the world where specially
distinguished persons may not he introduced upon
the floor of the Chamber. It is so m the Chamber
of Deputies in France. It is so in the British
House of Commons and in the British House of
Lords. It applies all over the world. But here it
matters not how distinguished an individual may
be who presents himself for admission, there is no
I mode by which he can get to a seat in our Chamber,
! except in violation of our rules. This amendment
! proposes a remedy, and I do not think it involves
I the difficulties which my friend from Missouri
j supposes. It proposes that there shall be printed
permits, or tickets with the name of each Senator
j endorsed or printed upon them, and they may be
I in a drawer at the Vice President's table. If a
S person presents himself, and desires admission to
; the floor, the Senator who is disposed to admit
• him will walk to the Vice President's tab'.e and
; request of him a permit for the purpose of intro-
j ducing Mr. A. B. Now, I take it that, under
! these circumstances, all the multitudinous persons
! who hang about tfie Capitol will not have the face
! to ask Senators to go to the Vice President and
I formally get the permit to allow them to come on
j the floor every day. An'd I give notice m advance,
! that if they ask me I will not grant it. I do not
! think, however, that it will be asked. I do not
suppose that the persons who hang around the
lobbies, and with whom we may perchance be ac-
; quainted, will ask us daily to go to the Vice Presi-
dent's table for the purpose of getting permits to
admit* them on the floor. 1 do not, therefore,
think that this system of permits will tend to fill
the lobbies of the Senate. But 1 think that it will
very much diminish the number that aie constant-
ly hanging about here; and ii will tend to affoid
space to those who are emitied to the privileged
seats to take them. If persons, who may be
especially entitled to the floor, shall present them-
