THE CONGRESSIONAL AT,QBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR Tin's SESSION:
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1850.
New Series No. 67.
patent. Now, I propose to insert in one of the
sections of this bill a limitation, and to say that
these applications shall not be made for more than
four years from the date of the original patent. I
have had conversations with several individuals,
and my original conviction was that two years
would be long enough. They said to me that two
year3 would not answer, and they reasoned in this
way. They say that suits for the violation of a
patent will be brought,and that it will take a year
or two to bring these suits to a final decision, and
finally it will be decided against the holder of the
patent, upon the ground that the specifications
nave not been sufficiently definite and comprehen-
sive to embrace all the invention; and then they
say there should be some little time allowed to
amend their patent. I am willing to extend the
time to four yea'S from the date of the original
patent; and I think if they cannot in four years
ascertain with sufficient certainty whether their
patent embraces the true inventions—I mean the
descriptions and specifications—if the court decide
against them, they should be estopped from ma-
king further amendments. I shall therefoie pro-
pose to make that amendment to the bill.
In the next place, I believe thatall the difficulties
which have heretofore arisen, have grown out of
the thirteenth section of the act of 1836, which
gives to the Commissioner of Patents the right,
by making renewals or reissues, as they are called,
to enlarge the specifications so as to embrace more
matter than the inventor was entitled to. That is
the difficulty. Now, sir, I propose to get clear of
that difficulty by repealing the thirteenth section,
and then leave it to the operation of this bill,
which tne Senator from Tennessee has introduced,
and f r which he is entitled to so much credit. It
seems designed to cure the evils under which the
country labors.
lVIy next and last amendment is to confine the
operation of those sections of the bill which are
objected to by the Senator from New Hampshire
to the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia,
f think, Mr. President,that if you allow all the circuit
courts of the various States of the Union, at one
and the same time to be taking cognizance of the
efforts made to repeal a patent, you will produce
an anomalous state of things, and one very injuri-
ous to the parties. In the first place, you will
have to multiply your depositions and your proofs !
in every court in the country. You cannot trans- j
fer proof from the circuit court of Kentucky, or ;
from the district court, to the circuit or district
court of New Hampshire. I have already re-
marked that these trials will all be going on at the
same time. You may, therefore, under the pro- i
visions of this bill, have thirty distinct bills pend- !
ing in thirty different States, all in relation to the >
same matter, and depositions and proofs in the j
thirty States will have to be taken at the same i
time. i
That would be an extreme view, I admit, but it i
is a possible view. But this is not all. There j
would be some danger, I apprehend, of fraudulent .
proceedings in some one or more of these courts; j
and these fraudulent proceedings, if carried out j
into judgments, would enable the parties to these i
frauds to inflict a deep injury upon society. To j
illustrate. Suppose I, as assignee, have an interest j
in a patent which I know to be fraudulent; one, if
you please, which 1 know could not be properly sus- !
tained by any judicial tribunal investigating all the
facts. Now, with afraudulentdisposition towards
the community, I have nothing 10 do but to get
up a sham suit against the patent, and then, by
abandoning the suit, permit a decree to go out
against it, or even a non-suit. Taking the record
of this proceeding, and exhibiting it all over the
country, showing that the patent was false, and
that the case was so clearly made out that the
plaintiff was ashamed of it, and abandoned the
cause, does not everybody see how such a record,
fraudulently made up, might operate to the advan-
tage of the person who had obtained it, and enable
him to extract money from a credulous com-
munity?
That is one of the difficulties now complained of
67
in my section of the country. But if you want a
fuJI and fair investigation as to the validity of a
patent, and as to whether it is worth anything or
not, you ought to have the investigation made at |
the point most accessible to all the information j
upon the subject, not only with regard to matters ■
of fact but matters of law. And where can you
get that done so advantageously as in the District
of Columbia, convenient to the Patent Office,
where you can call upon the examiners and offi- ;
cers of the Patent Office to get information with ;
regard to the originality of the invention ? Here '
you have all the law and those best acquainted ;
with the subject to carry them before the court for ;
investigation. You could have opportunities in ;
this District, from the advantages of its situation, i
which would enable you to secure information !
upon almost every branch of law and science better i
than anywhere else. j
Allow me to state that this is one of those sub-
en t Office Department. All f wish to say at this
time is, that when a bill comes, and amendment
after amendment, and alteration after alteration
made, it becomes necessarily a piece of patch- *
work, for it is impossible for those who move tor
insert words and sentences to give the whole
order arid harmony which is desirable to carry' '
into effect the purpose designed. I regard this
law as one of great importance, and think it ought
to be prepared with a great deal of care. As
there seems to be much difference of opinion as
to what this bill should be, I will suggest that it
should be recommitted and taken into a new draft.
1 rose simply to offer this suggestion, and I will
add, that after the various suggestions which have
been made, and the amendments which have been
proposed, I think it is but reasonable to think that
the bill may be much improved in style, arrange-
ment, and probably in matter. I shall not, how--
ever, make the motion without the approbation
jects which I doubt whether men of my profession, , ; of the chairman. It is certainly most desirable
and those who occupy seats upon the benches of jj that a law intended to define important interests
the country, are in general best qualified to decide.
I think they will stand in need of all the best lights
they can obtain to enable them to investigate the !
originality of any invention which they may have j
occasion to tr.y. That information can all be oh- !
tained at the Patent Office. Now, 1 perceive this !
bill, perhaps in view of the very things which I 1
suggest, proposes in some parts of it that all the
letters and correspondence which may take place, :
and all the suggestions which pass "between the i
inventor and the officers of the Patent Office shall :
should be lucid and fust in all its provisions.
Mr. TURNEY. I am by no means wedded to
this bill, Mr. President. On the contrary, 1 de'gfcff
to have it altered or remodeled by whatever im-
provements may be deemed to be necessary. I
believe the principle involved in the bill a very
important one, affecting the interests of the couri-
try generally, and particularly those engaged in
manufactures and agriculture, in*which branches
most patented implements are used.
Now in relation to the idea {suggested by my
be filed and kept, and that they she!! be transmitted : friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] as to
to any court where an investigation is made, and '1 trials on scirefatias in the District of Columbia, I
used as evidence, just as the originals would be ■. have had it under consideration, but I did not
used as evidence, if they could be given. Now, .! think favorably of it. There are many objections
you may send all this correspondence and all these }1 to it which present themselves to my mind. In
papers, but unless vou have competent individuals 1 the first place we find'that in the Supreme Court
to explain the different parts of the machinery,
unless you have scientific mechanics, and per-
haps practical mechanics, to show the operation
of every principle to the court, and then contrast
these principles as applied to similar inventions in
time past, it will be almost impossible for a court
or a jury to come to a safe and satisfactory con-
clusion. It seems tome that if fairness on both
sides is the object sought by this bill, of which I
have no doubt, there should be a proper central
tribunal to settle all questions of this kind, with
the privilege of an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States.
One word more. You have already made it the
duty of the Chief Justice of the District of Colum-
bia to settle these matters, when proof is presented
to him according to law.
j here there is very considerable litigation going on
; m other branches of business throughout the
; United States, and if you concentrate the whole of
! the business of this kind in the Distri< t of Colum-
! bia, in addition to the business which is before that
j court, I doubt very much whether that court could
possibly perform its duties, even if it sat every
j day in the year, Sundays excepted, I do not
! know the extent of the litigation which is in pro-
| cess throughout the Union in reference to patent
business, nor have I the means of ascertaining to
j what extent it would add to the labor of the courts
j of this District. Besides, I had believed that to
i concentrate all of this business within the District
j of Columbia would create a degree of jealousy
and complaint on the part of inventors, on the
part of the c.ontestors of patents, and especially on
He is presumed to have
I all the necessary information to dispose of appeals ;< the part both of witnesses and counsel. It would
'taken from the Commissioner of Paten's. You he exceedingly inconvenient to force them to come
have, therefore, if my amendment prevails, a tri- ^ here from remote parts of the Union to try their
bunal which, from the laws as they now exist, and lawsuits, where they would have to employ coun-
from past practice, is belter adapted to become t! sel with whom they are not acquainted, to be
acquainted with subjects of this sort, and is pre-1 thrown among strangers,and altogether to be placed
sumed to be better acquainted than the district or
circuit courts can be, scattered as they are over
thirty States of this Union.
1 would have preferred that all these difficulties
should have been considered by the committee,
upon a recommitmentof the bill to them. I think
the committee will be much better able to arrange
and dispose of them, having heard the various
views which Senators have given, than we can do
here in our places, by the crude amendments pro-
posed here, drawn up, perhaps, upon the spur of
ed in a situation of difficulty and embanatsciuent
which would not arise were the case to be tried in
the several States of the parties litigant. How-
ever, if it is thought expedient to adopt this course
I am far from opposing it. Nay, I would even
! be willing to make the experiment rather than
; that the bill should not pass at all. Yet I feel as-
I s 'red that if the bill should pass with such a pro-
I vision, at the very next session of Congress we
j should have petitions and remonstrances pouring
, in from every quarter either to repeal the act, or
the occasion. I would prefer that course now, !i so to amend it as to make the law as it is now pro-
but I will not make the motion. I will content J posed. I can conceive of no reason why we
myself with proposing this amendment, and at a j] should confer jurisdiction here exclusively on this
proper time endeavoring to procure the assent ofclass of cases and not on all other subjects of lit-
the Senate to its adoption. , ;j igation. Why should a party come "here from
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would sug- '( Maine to try the validity of his patent, when there
gest to the Senator from Tennessee that the object ;j is in that State a United States district; court, as
well qualified to adjudicate on his rights as any
of the bill is to correct errors and to supply deft
ciencies in the present law relating to patents. It I
in fact touches vital interests. I deem this bill, '
therefore, as a measureof considerable importance, '
and one which is demanded by the exigencies of.
the country. It is in many respects quite neces- :
sary to a safe and just administration of the Pat- i
court you could institue m the District of Co-
lumbia ? There the parties reside. There resides
the patentee himself, or his assignee, which is the
same thing. There they both reside, in the same
State, and peradventure in the very neighborhood
of the court. There, too, reside the witnesses who
