1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
are to give evidence, and there are the counsel
■with whom the parties are well acquainted. There
they are in a situation in which they can attend
to a lawsuit with much less difficulty and expense
than if they were under the necessity of coming
into the District of Columbia. And, again, if we
are to act upon the supposition that the circuit and
district courts of the United States are not com-
petent to try eases of this kind, then I say that
the same supposition would apply to any court
which could he erected for this purpose in the
Distr.ct of Columbia; and if it is proper and expe-
dient and necessary to a full and satisfactory ad-
judication of this class of cases to select men of
higher capacities and acquirements and learning
than the ordinary lawyer, why then create a sepa-
rate district judicial tribunal for the express pur-
pose of trying cases arising out of patent rights.
Sir, as 1 have already remarked, 1 believe it to be
important that something should be done on this
subject, whereby you can test the validity of pat-
ents without multiplying the laws relating to
patents, and putting both parties to so much trou-
ble and expense, which, in many instances, are
ruinous to them. By the adoption of scire facias it
may be settled at once. But the Senator objects
to it because, forsooth, if the decision should be in
favor of the patentee, although it is known to all
the world, yet another party may cause a scire
facias to be issued for the purpose of again testing
the validity of the patent, and that the first judg-
ment wsuld not be conclusive between the patentee
and the second party, it is true, Mr. President,
that this first judgment may not be binding, and i
would not be willing to make it binding without
an appeal. 1 would ieave a question of this kind
to be decided as all other legal questions are de-
cided; but i would not make thenrat judgment con-
clusive, because by doing so you may hold out
inducements to a man who has ajfraudulent patent
to go and have a lawsuit with a friendly neighbor,
and thus perpetrate fraud upon the community.
But, sir, I hold that in most instances the first
decision would be conclusive; fur if there should
be a fair trial, there are few men so reckless of their
own interest as to institute a second suit, the costs
of which would inevitably fail upon their own
shoulders. All the evidence beins produced that
it might be possible to produce, and a fair trial
being had, no man would be f-o reckless of his own
interest as to try a question of the kind a second
time; and the community rio doubt would acqui-
esce in the judgment. If, however, any remedy
cin be suggested which would prevent collusion
between tne patentee and others, so as to give
validity to a patent which would not otherwise be
valid, I will accept that remedy.
Having made these few remarks in relation to
the argument of the Senator from Kentucky—for
I approve of all he has said with one exception—
as I said before, I am willing to take such amend-
ment rather than lose the bill, f am perfectly
willing, as suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, to have the bill recommitted, if it be
deemed necessary; but it seems to me that we can
pass as well now upon this bill as at any future
period; fori cannot perceive that any beneficial re-
sult can accrue from Ms recommittal, unless the
recommittal be accompanied with instructions
expressive of the sense of the Senate as to some
principle to be incorporated in the bill, or some
other principle to be excluded from it.
Mr. SEWARD. I am quite satisfied, Mr.
President, that if this bill should be passed in its
present shape, it would defeat the purpose of the
committee by whom it has been reported; that it
would subvert the patent jurisprudence of the
country, and practically abolish the legislation
which has been matured through a period of sixty
years for carrying out that beneficent provision of
the Constitution which authorizes Congress " to
provide for the encouragement of the useful arts by
securing to inventors the benefit of their discover-
ies for a term of years." Nevertheless, I do not
think it at all singular that the provisions of the
bill are found, as with due deference I think they
are, crude and unsatisfactory. This arises, there is
no doubt, from the peculiar delicacy and the pecu-
liar difficulty of all legislation and of all adjudica-
tion touching this important subject.
It has been said by very high authority, and has
been admitted ny every judge and every jurist who
has had occasion to administer the Jaw of patents,
that it constituted the metaphysics of legal science.
.This difficulty arises chiefly from the circumstance
that it is easier for even a plain and unlettered man
to invent a useful machine, or composition, or
preparation of matter, than it is for him, or even
the most scientific philosopher, to describe the in-
vention he has made with such accuracy and pre-
cision as to distinguish it from other things that
were known before, and thus point out what was
old, and not the object of protection, and that
which is new, and therefore the object of the cSTe
of the Government.
The experience in Great Britain on this subject,
from the time when patents received the favor of
Parliament under James I. down to 1836, was an
experience of continual and perpetual disappoint-
ment of the policy of the Government in fostering
invention. The greatest and most useful inven-
tions in that country were those which were con-
tinually defeated by reason of the application of
technical rules and principles in the construction
of patents. Ark Wright's great imention, certainly
one of the most beneficent inventions of any age,
was lost to him for that reason.
The same experience was encountered in the
United States until the same petiod; and I belie\e
it was a very general sentiment that the system of
patent jurisprudence had signally failed. Shortly
before that time a decision was made by Mr. Jus-
tice Thompson, at the circuit, which was after-
wards affirmed by the Supreme Court of the United
States, which permitted the amendment of letters
patent by the correction of the specification when
it was insufficient upon judicial investigation. The
same principle was adopted in England in 1836,
and in that way it was incorporated into the legis-
lation of both countries. This is the law, as it
now stands, foj the reissue of letters patent.
About the same period a change came over the
disposition and temper of judicial authorities in
England and in the United States. Instead of en-
couraging technical objections to the defeat of meri-
torious patents, they have, in both countries, since
the date 1 have mentioned, adopted the piinciple
of sustaining patents, as far as it could be done by
liberal and fair interpretation. Nevertheless, I
have had some little experience for some years in
the prolessional duties relating to this subject; and
that experience has left upon my mind this general
conviction: that a worthless patent is never inva-
ded; that of good patents, five out of eight are ren-
dered worthless and unavailing by litigation; that
there is no highly valuable patent which can re-
ward the inventor within the term of fourteen
years, because of the ruinous delays and expenses
of litigation in maintaining it; and that, therefore,
an extension of such patents becomes unavoidable
to carry into effect the just policy of the Govern-
ment, while such extensions always operate harshly
and severely in continuing a monopoly which is
felt with much reason to be oppressive upon com-
petitors in the arts.
Under these circumstances we have all seen 
everybody has seen—that it would be desirable
to modify our judicial system so that we should
have but one proceeding whereby to test the valid-
ity of letters patent, and thus quiet the title of the
inventor. The scire facias has been conceived to
be a fit proceeding for that purpose. But its adop-
tion in the shape presented by the present bill
would be attended with this difficulty—that while
the patenteestands alone, he is opposed by combi-
nations of all the infringers of his patent throughout
the United States.' lie cannot maintain his title
and secure just protection for his property with-
out incurring the expense and the delay of litigation
with the infringer in all the judicial districts of the
thirty States; and the scire facias being a remedy
available to the same infringers, in the same courts,
it would be resorted to by them throughout all the
same judicial dirtricts, and thus double litigation
already ruinous. In other words, the patentee
prosecutes now, as plaintiff, the infringers through-
out the United States at ruinous cost and expense
Pass this bill, and give the defendants severally a
scire facias, and they would bring suits against
him as numerous as those he ia now mnintainino-
against them. The consequence would be thai
patents which are now worthless, by reason of
excessive hazards and losses of litigation, would
be rendered tenfold more worthless by the increase
of that litigation. And if we can so modify the
system that the litigation should be arrested and
confined to a single issue, in which all parties
might participate, and which should be confined to i
one place, we should perhaps secure the objects
we all have in view. Whether this can be done
or not, is a question which ought to engage the at-
tention of the committee if the bill should be re-
committed, as I trust it may be.
With a view to justify my own vote against this
bill in its present shape, or my vote for recommit-
ting it for further consideration, I have drawn up
an amendment, which I do not claim to be perfect
or complete, hj.it which will suggest certain con-
siderations to the attention of the committee. I
propose, then, to insert at the close of the sixth sec-
tion these words:
"But only one em b proceeding for the repeal of letters
patent shal! be pending at one time; and until tfie letters
patent shall fcave been judicially repealed, they shall be
lletd conclusive evidence m ait cases of the quefcticm ot the;
originality of the invention therein described."
My object is to suggest the institution of one
judicial proceeding or trial to determine the validity
of any one patent. This will give the patentee
only one place at which to appear for the mainte-
nance of his rights; and the bill should be so amend-
ed as to summon and invite all persons opposing the
patent to appear and arrest it if they can, and until
it should be arrested the letters patent should be
deemed to convey and assure to the inventor just
that title which they import on their face—the
exclusive use of the invention.
It is right that they should have this under our
present system of patent legislation, if it be hon-
estly and effectually administered, because it pro-
: hibits the granting of any letters patent until it has
been ascertained by the Government itself, upon
due examination, and under the highest responsi-
bilities, that the invention claimed is truly original
on the part of the applicant. The object should
be to make the title absolute until it is repealed,
and to make it absolutely void when it has beet*
repealed. I am aware, as I have already said, of
| the difficulty which attends this subject. I am by
i no means willing to say that this amendment is
! practicable in all respects, or that it would obviate
the difficulties complained of: but if it shall sug-
gest for consideration the points which I have in-
dicated, it will effect the put pose for which it is
submitted.
Mr. DAViS, of Mississippi. Let thfi section
be read as proposed to be amended.
The section was read accordingly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I admit that there are
very great difficulties in the proper disposition of
the subject, and I have no doubt that the chairman
of the Committee on Patents has devoted himself
with great earnestness and anxiety to meet all the
different conflicting views, and to produce what is
best and most proper for the interests of the coun-
try, and I do most cordially wish that what 1 be-
lieve to be his laudable efforts may be crowned
with success. But, sir, one word as to the diffi-
culties. The gentleman fiom New York proposes
that there should be but one suit at the same time.
There seems to me, sir, to be something insupera-
ble in that very first step. How can he prevent
men from suing that are disposed to sue? Why,
sir, the writ is a matter of right; any man can take
it out who pleases, if he gives security in certain
cases for the costs, and we cannot prevent his
suing. I do not see how you can take the first
step under that amendment. Suppose that you
commence proceedings simultaneously in Louisi-
ana and in Maine, which suit shall have the pre-
cedence?
But, again, a great difficulty arises from our
wide-spread country. We now occupy from ocean
to ocean. The matter was bad enough before, and
it is worse now. Well, here is a proceeding com-
menced in Louisiana and another in Maine. The
individuals who commenced these suits have no
notice of each other's purpose, and there is no
mode of giving each other notice. Every one sees
the difficulty there. But there are other difficulties.
Say that 1 purchase a patent right in Wanen
county, Kentucky, and limited to that county; there
are a hundred other counties in the State of Ken-
tucky, and there may be a hundred other purchas-
ers. According to this bill, each of these hundred
persons in the same State may be going on with his
litigation at the same time. Here is another diffi-
culty. I purchase a patent right and give a large
sum, buying upon credit. Those persons who
come into my part of the country to sell patent
rights sell for cash; and if they cannot obtain
cash they will sell for property in hand; and if
they cannot get property they will sell on credit,
