1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
C.) respected as highly as the opinions of any
gentleman on this floor, had yesterday asked,
Why do you at-k for this increase? You have
already on the western border one thousand five
hundred men. U was true, he (Mr. C.) admitted,
that there were in that region, perhaps, something
like that number of men, but they were as ineffi-
cient as one hundred men would be, for the reason
that they could not bring their physical power to
bear upon an enemy of the description of that
which made its incursions upon the western fron-
tier; and it was perfectly idle to refer to the numeri-
cal strength of the regular army as at present con-
stituted, as an argument for not giving the western
frontier th.s-*protection. It had already been ex-
plained, and it was unnecessary for him at any
length to repeat the facts, that the enemy made its
inroads upon horseback. It was a purely gueirilla
warfare; they made no attacks in condensed bodies.
3f they could be met in the field in a fair fight, no
doubt but a single company would be able^to repel
their invasions. But they came down ifpon the
settlers and emigrants without warning, struck
their blows, murdered and plundered, andietreated
without any not.ce; retreated to positions inacces-
sible to foot soldiers, and with a rapidity which
placed them entirely beyond the reach of our in-
fantry pursuing.
Now, that being: the condition of things, he held
that it was the obligation of the representatives of
the people to provide for taking care of the western
frontier, the only exposed portion of the country
at this time, at any cost. "It was not a question of
economy, it was a question of the protection or
abandonment of our citizens in that quarter. He
held that it was the duty of the nation to protect
that exposed portion of its dominions.
But if gentlemen were seeking economy—and in
all plans of true economy, he would concur wish
those who went the furthest—there was no diffi-
culty in compensating for all the increase of ex-
penditure involved in the raising of this force. Let
them pass their measures of retrenchment and re-
form where retrenchment and reform were needed,
and he would unite with gentlemen in their sup-
port. He saw no need of a military force at the
city of New York, at Detroit, or at any of these
old and secure points, except such small force as
was necessary to maintain the public works. But
what kind of an argument was that against giving
a force to the frontier of that peculiar character
which it required? A different description of force
was necessai y for this puipose They might trans-
fer every man tn the army as a foot soldier to the
western frontier, and, for the mere want of motive
power, the force would be inefficient. The whole
army would not be sufficient to barricade the entire
frontier in a standing position; and the whole, de-
prived of the power of equestrian motion, would
be equally inefficient as three companies, and
would leave the frontier entirely unprotected. The
question, and the sole question involved m this bill
was, shall we protect, or sha'l we abandon, the
frontier? Why, what was the condition of that
country? The plains west of our settled frontier
were now peopled with moving masses of the citi-
zens of the United States emigrating to California
and to Oregon; and should our citizens, impelled in
that direction by enterprise and by choice, be aban-
doned to the depredations of the savage Indians,
without their being taught that there was, within
the reach and for the relief of these emigrants, a
force that could chastise them for the murderous
warfare they were constantly carrying on against
our peaceful citizens?
Now, to his mind, there was no need for further
reflection upon this subject; to his mind, they
ought, without any hesitation^ to pass this biil,and
to pass it to day. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs had been loaded with communications from
that very quarter of the country which was now
suffering so greatly for want of defence, descrip-
tive of the mutders, outrages, and barbarities
which were constantly committed by the Indians,
and of the total inefficiency for their protection of
the military force at present stationed there.
But it was unnecessary further to remark upon
this subject. He wished to say to gentlemen who
were making opposition to the bill on theground
of economy, and especially to the chairman of the
committee of Ways and Means, [M r. Bayly,] that
he hoped they would remember the text of econo-
my upon which the chairman was now preaching,
3?iuen they approached the appropriations for the
Navy, and for the fortifications of the East. He
trusted the gentleman"would then recollect the ne-
cessity for economy, which he now so deeply felt
as to lead him to oppose this bill. There would
be a wide field for the display of economy. We
had accumulated on the Navy an idle, rust-eaten
set—he would not say of vagrants, (for that might
be considered discourteous,) he would not say of
loafers, for 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and (Mr.C.yielding the floor for explanation,) said
he believed that the gentleman from Ohio belonged
to the Military Committee. He believed that
there was a general agreement on all sides of the
House that something should be done for the pro-
tection of our frontier. Now he wished to know
from the gentleman, whether that committee had
ascertained what force was necessary; how many
to be mounted; how many to be infantry; or
whether it was regarded useless to have any infant-
ry, and they must all be mounted 5 and if so, how
large a mounted forcc was necessary ? or whether
it must be unlimited ?
Mr. CARTTER said he would reply to the in-
terrogatory of the gentleman as well as he could.
The Committee on Military Affairs had reported
the force which they thought necessary. They
had reported it upon communication with the
War Department and. with that quarter of the Re-
public which was in danger. He could say to
the gentleman, furthermore, that they supposed
there was in these executive departments—despite
all the evidence to the contrary—some discretion
in the way of economy, and that the Executive
would not, under this bill, raise an unnecessary,
profligate force. The bill proposed a maximum,
a limit, and within that limit it confided the mat-
ter to the discretion of the War Department of the
Government; and if they could not repose the dis-
cretion theie, under the limitations of this act, he
would like to be informed where it should be re-
posed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposing,
said that was the very point to which he wished
to call the gentleman's attention. The b 11, as it
stood, did not limit the number of mounted men;
tt merely limited the number of regiments and the
number of men in each regiment; but it left the
number of mounted men entirely unlimited.
Mr. CARTTER replied, that the bill fixed a
maximum—a limitation—and within that limita-
tion it was left to the discretion of the War Depart-
ment to mount the force necessary for this service.
The bill, in its main provisions, he conceived to
be adapted to the necessities of the case. It pro-
posed not only to mount such a number of men as
were necessary for the protection of our western
frontier, but to take them from that description of
scrvioe; not to take men who had been turned out
of offices m civil life for their worthlessness and
unfitness for business; but to take up your frontier-
men—the only men qualified to perform the duty.
AH the bill proposed to do, was,.to fill up the com-
panies.
He repeated, that if the spirit of economy which
breathed in the opposition to this bill, would find
vent, and operate wnhi half its energy, in laying
hands on the idlers and vicious on the naval lists?,
it would find ample scope for its cxercise, and
would improve the morals and the strength of the
Government. But, the fact that we had idle offi-
cers and men in the standing army, in the eastern
part of this Republic, and on the lists of the navy,
constituted no argument, in his humble opinion,
for abandoning the frontier of the West to a sav-
age foe. He hoped that the bill would pass—the
first dictates of national justice demanded it.
Mr. HARALSON said (Mr. Cartter yielding
the floor for that purpose) that he had heard but
little objection to the passage of the bill, under
certain restrictions and limits, which, if no one
else did, he should propose to the bill, if an oppor-
tunity was afforded. No one was more anxious
than himself to afford suitable, proper, and effi-
cient defence to our frontier; and if he could be
allowed to give the only kind of force, acknowl-
edged on all hands to be efficient, without the un-
limited authority given to the President to increase
the whole army to the extent allowed in the bill,
and without the unlimited and uncertain bounties
which itoffered, hewoulddoso, with pleasure. He
was willing to allow a certain and- fixed bounty,
such as would insure enlistments; but was unwilling
that they should be ascertained andsetiled upon the
uncertain ruleprovided m the bill.Inereasethe army
to one-third its present extent, if the same should
be necessary, and mount whatever force may be
necessary; but give it some limit, and there would
be but little, if any, opposition to it. Refer it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where we can have an opportunity of
amending it in the particulars named. Go into
committee at once—he was willing to do so—and
act upon it. ' It is not for delay, but to amend the
bill, and place it in a shape in which he could
freely vote for it, that he desired it should take
that direction.
Mr. CARTTER said the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had had this subject under anxious?
detailed investigation, considering amendment af-
ter amendment, and had given to it all the delib-
eration of which they weie capable. The result
of that deliberation was, that, m his opinion, the
bill would not be improved by amendment; and if
it did not pass m its present form, the result would
be, that those who on the western frontier were
looking for relief, would be delayed, perhaps alto-
gether disappointed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (the floor being yield-
ed,) said, by the permission of the gentleman fiom
Ohio, he wished to say a word or two. He had
been reported in the Globe yesterday as saying
that there were a thousand men m our army now
unemployed. He had spoken figuratively. Th&
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt} had
asked, with much emphasis, if he (Mr. C.) made
that declaration, and had challenged him (Mr. C.)
to show that there were five men unemployed in
the service. He now repeated the declaration
that there were a large number—it was not per-
haps saying too much—that there we*e one thou-
sand men in the army unemployed; and he would
now read from the report of the Adjutant Gen-
eral, for the satisfaction of the gentleman from
South Carolina and the House, to sustain the
declaration which he made.
Mr. BURT, (in his seat.) Very well; read on.
Mr. COBB. I will read how many men there*
are at the different posts, and where they are lo-
cated, and then I will refer to the House and the
country to say whether they are necessary.
The whole number of officers and men now m
the service, according to the report of the Adju-
tant General, (said Mr. C.,) was ten thousand
five hundred and eighty-five; in addition to which
there were eight assistant adjutants general, and
sixteen assistant quartermasters, besides ethers.
There were on duty at Troy, N. Y., Detroit,,
Mich., and Fort Monroe, Va., eighteen hundred
and ninety-sevpn men.
Mr. CARTT-ER here resigned his right to the
floor.
Mr. COBB (continuing) appealed to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, to the House, and to the
country, whether one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven men were or could be necessary in a
time of peace at these three places. The gentleman
from South Carolina had, notwithstanding, chal-
lenged mm (Mr. C.) to show that there were five
men not actually employed, and well employed.
Mr. MASON obtained the floor, and said hs
was about to move the previous question.
Mr. BURT Appealed to the gentleman to yield
the floor to allow him to say a word.
Mr. MASON yielded.
Mr.BURT had buta word to say, that was to as-
sure the House that the gentleman Irotn Alabama
(and he thought thatgentleman was a fair example
of those who opposed the bill) had, m his (Mr.
B. 9s) opinion,satvsfjed the House conclusively, that
he was most profoundly ignorant of the whole
subject. (Laughter.) That gentleman alluded to
ordnance men.
Mr. COBB, (interposing and addressing Mr,
Maso>t.) Will the gentleman yield me the floor
also when the gentleman from South Carolina gets
through, in order to reply to him ?
Mr. BURT, (understanding the request to be
addressed to him.) 1 will yield with a great deal
of pleasure, if it is tn my power to do so, myself
holding the floor by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. COBB, (holding the floor and proceeding.}
I must confess that i have yet received but very
little light, and the House has received but little
hght, from the gentleman from South Carolina,
who yesterday challenged me to say that there
were not five men unemployed in the army* and
