1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10@3
on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill granting to the State of Arkansas certain
lands for Che completion of the national military
road from Memphis to St. Francis river, and to
surrender the same to the State of Arkansas.
A bill for the relief Mary Tucker.
PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
Mr. TURNEY, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Captain Nathan Adams, of Tennessee.
The bill was read a fir3t time by its title.
Mr. TURNEY asked the Senate to act upon
and dispose of the bill at this time. He briefly
stated the circumstances of the case. Captain
Adams, being called on service at a time when it
was necessary to render his quarterly accounts,
left his vouchers with a elerk to make up the ac-
count in his absence. He subsequently found
that his clerkjhad died, and that his vouchers were
pledged with a tavern-keeper in New Orleans for a
tavern bill. Part of the vouchers were recovered,
but others were not found, to the amount of three
hundred and fifty dollars. He produced other tes-
timony which satisfied the mind of the Auditor,
who, hov/ever, could not settle his accounts on
such evidence without a special enactment of Con-
gress.
A letter was read from the Third Auditor in
support of the bill, and sustaining the statement of
the honorable Senator.
The bill was then read a second time, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, reported to
the Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time an# passed.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to the considera-
tion of the House bill for the relief of Jesse Sut-
ton. -
Mr. RUSK briefly explained that commission-
ers were sent out, shortly after the annexation of
Texas, to negotiate a treaty with the Camanche
and other Indians. Among the stipulations of
that treaty was one that the Government should
furnish the Indians with two blacksmiths for a
specified length of time. Thi-s individual was ap-
pointed blacksmith. An appropriation was made
to pay the expenses arising under the treaty, but,
owing to the language of the appropriation bill, it
could not be applied to this purpose. This indi-
vidual, therefore, having discfiarged the duties,
now called upon Congress to make him compen-
sation. The bill had passed each House once, but,
owing to the lateness of the session when it was
passed, it did not become a law.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third" reading, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
Mr. ATCHISON moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill for the relief of
H. J. McClintock, Harrison Gill, and Mansfield
Carter.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee ot the Whole. There
being no proposition to amend the bill, it was re-
ported to the Senate, was then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
Mr. BRIGHT moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill for the compensation of registers
and receivers.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRIGHT explained the object of the bill.
There had been petitions from nearly every land
district in the country, either from the citizens or
the officers, m favor of the passage of the bill. It
had been referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and by that committee had been reported
with a favorable recommendation. It merely pro-
vided for giving to the registers and receivers the
same fees for locating military land warrants, un-
der the act giving the volunteers in the Mexican
war bounty land warrants, as they received for lo-
cating land warrants of private individuals.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
Mr. KING. 1 have not objected to the third
reading of these bills. The practice, for some time
past, has been to read bills the third time immedi-
ately after they have been ordered to be engrossed.
That practice 1 want to put an end to. Heretofore
we have been in the habit of having bills engrossed
and examined as engrossed bills before their third
reading. I give notice that in future, unless there
is some particular necessity for the instantaneous
passage of a measure, I shall object to the third
reading of a bill until it has been engrossed.
DUTY ON PRESENTS FROM THE SULTAN.
Mr. SMITH, in pursuance of a'notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
for the relief of Samuel Colt and B. F. Morse,
and moved its reference to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that by unanimous con-
sent that joint resolution may be considered now.
It simply provides for retuining to these two indi-
viduals a small amount of money paid by them as
duty upon presents sent to them by the Sultan of
Turkey. The articles are of no considerable value,
except as a mark of the distinguished considera-
tion of the Sultan.
Mr. KING objected, and the joint resolution
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
ARKANSAS JUDICIAL DISTRICT.
Mr. BORLAND moved that the Senate proceed
| to the consideration of Senate bill No. 18, being
j the bill to divide the district of Arkansas into two
| judicial districts.
j The motion was agreed to.
! The bill was then considered as in Committee
j of the Whole, and no amendment having been
I offered, it was reported to the Senate and oidered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was finally
read a third time and passed.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the resolution
!| relating to removals from office, for the purpose of
; taking the vote on it, or of fixing some day on
;l which the vote should be taken.
il Mr. DICKINSON. If no one desires to say
!i anything on the resolution, I have no objection to
ii having a vote taken. But if arty enator wishes
to deoate the resolution, I shall insist on calling
for the special order of the day, the Senate having
virtually sat to-day for the purpose of considering
it. If one Senator says one word, another will
have to reply, and in this way it will lead to de-
bate.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I have that
one word to say on this subject before the resolu-
tion shall pass. 1 understood the honorable mem-
ber from Maine to be indifferent whether the vote
was taken on the resolution to-day, or whether
some future day should be assigned for it. I pre-
fer the latter course, because on the general char-
acter of that resolution, and on the rights and
duties of the respective departments of the Gov-
ernment, I propose to say a few words.
Mr. DICKINSON. As the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has signified thai it is his intention to
debate the resolution, i move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution until Tuesday
next, at half-past twelve o'clock, and that it be
made the special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
BRANCH MINTS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the special order,
bein"' a bill to establish a branch of the mint of the
United States in the city of New York.
Mr. DICKINSON, m an elaborate speech,sup-
ported the bill before the committee.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, this is a bill
with which I have been long familiar, and which
I have supported with great satisfaction to myself
on many different occasions. It is now open to
amendment, I believe. I have heretofore givenno-
tice, at an early part of the session, that I should
offer an amendment to this bill to establish another
branch mint at another New York—the New York
on the Pacific ocean—San Francisco. 1 now offer
the following amendment:
" Sec. 7. Jlnd lie it further enacted. Tfcat a branch of the
i mint of the United States be established in San Francisco,
i California, (or the coinage of cold and «ilver. Anil for use
purpose of pureha^intr a t-ite, eiecunsi a suitable building,
, and cummil the neee&feary combinations ot machinery
; for the said branch, the «um of three hundred thousand
I dollars is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any money
i in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
"Sec. 8. JlnAbe it further enacteIf That temporary build-
ings shall be procured or erected immediately for, carrying
on the business of said branch mint, and the fottoW&J'Offi-
cers shall be appointed, upon the nomination of l&eWresi-
dent, and with the advice and consent ot the Senate, to wit':
one superintendent, one treasurer, one assaver, one melter
and refiner,and one coiner. And the said s peVintendentsliall
engage and employ as many elcrks, and as many subordinate
workmen and servants,as shall be provided for by law;
and the salaries of said officers and clerks shall be as fol-
lows : To the superintendent, and to the treasurer, the sum
of five thousand dollars each ; to the assayer, to the melter
and refiner, and to the coiner, the sum of Four< thousand
dollars each; to the clerks the -um of three thousand dol-
lars each ; to the subordinate worfcmen, not exceeding
twenty, such wages and allowances as are customary and-
reasonable, acco/ding to their respective stations and< ccu-*
pations.
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted^ That the third, fourth,
and fifth sections of this act shall be held and taken to be
applicable to the said branch mint at San Francisco, in the
same manner as if specially named therein ; and the said
branch mint shall be the place of deposit for the public
moneys collected in the custom-house at San Francisco, and
for such other public moneys as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may direct; and the treasurer of said branch mint shall
have the custody of the same, and shall perform'the duties
of an assistant treasurer, and for that purpose shall be sub-
ject to ail the provisions contained in an act entitled 'Aa act
to provide for the better organization of th« Treasury, and
lor the collection, &afe-keeping, transfet, and di&bursement-
of the public revenue,'approved August the sixth, one thou-
sand eight hundred and rorty-Pix, winch r&iates to the treas-
urer of the branch mint at New Orleans.
"Sec. i!>. An d be it further enacted, That the assayer au-
thorized to be appointed by the eighth section ot this act, shall
be appointed immediately, and pet form &ucfo duties in as-
saying and fixing the value of gold in grains or lump-*, and in
forming the same into bars, as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, either lor individual?, companies,
or the Government; and the fum of fifty thousand dollars,
out of any money in the Treasury nototherwise appropriated,
be ami the *&mr ^ neitby appiopruitcu, mr dttraying the
expenses of the said gold as=,ay tor tue fiscal year ending the
thirtieth ot June, eighteen hundred and hit}-one."
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from New York
has presented some general views in favor of the
bii! before the Senate. 1 wish to suggest a few-
general views m opposition to the measure, if
this were a new piojct, and the United States
were about to establish for the Jirst time a mint, I
should favor its establishment at New York, be-
cause it is the great commercial emporium of the
country, and because it is the point at which the
precious metals are most largely received. On ex-
amining the question, however, 1 find very plain
and palpable reasons why we should not establish
a mint at New York. I take it tor granted that
the purpose of establishing a mint anywhere is
one connected with the interest of the whole coun-
try. It is in fact intended to be in furtherance or
execution of the constitutional duty to furnish a
currency. That question will not he disputed on
this side of the Chamber, and certainly not on the
other side, since it is proposed that the currency
shall be goid and silver. Now, it can be shown
that the accomplishment of this purpose by the
means proposed in this bill will cost the country
more than it will save to individuals. I think, there-
fore, there can be hardly any good reason for car-
rying out the project.
My belief is that there is no necessity, no na-
tional necessity, no such important personal inter-
ests of the merchants of JNew York, as to demand
this measure at the hands of Congress. I believe
the mint at Philadelphia has ample capacity to
execute ail the coinage which may be lequired of
it. i believe that the expense of transportation
and the delay between the time of depositing the
bullion or foreign com, andreceivmg our own coin
in return, are so inconsiderable that the two sums
taken together will not amount to more than a
tithe of the expense of adopting this plan. The
whole question has been examined by the director
of the mint in a letter now in the possesion of the
Finance Committee, and the facts which he states
and the arguments based on them have fuiiy satis-
fied my mind on the subject. As to the capacity
of the mint at Philadelphia, we know that some
months ago it did not coin as rapidiy as was re-
quired. This was owing to two circumstances. In
the first place, the California gold is combined with
a good deal of silver. The difficulty of separating
the silver from the gold was such that the lefining
department of the mint had not adequate capacity
at that time for that purpose. Another difficulty,
which I mentioned on a former occasion, was that
the boilers and apparatus were so old and weak,
and a part of the structure so enfeebled by tune
and other causes, that they could not be vrotkea
up to what would otherwise be thetr full capacity.
In the deficiency bill we passed appropriations
remedying both difficulties, so that the boilers wi
