1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
via ted. I give these reasons for my opposition to
this bill,and I give notice that I shall not ask even
$10,000 for the establishment of a mint at Charles-
ton, because we have the requisite buildings there
already, and, so far as I know, there would be no
officer lequired, unless it might be an assayer.
For these reasons I submit this amendment.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I have a word
to say on this subject.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator allow me to in-
terrupt him one moment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky rise to a point of order ?
Mr. CLAY. It is not exactly to a point of or-
der, Mr. President, that I rise; but I want to make
a suggestion rather for the ear of the Senator from
Missouri. There is a proposition made for the
establishment of a mint at New York, which I am
very much inclined to favor, so far as my vote
may go, but that 1 believe the Senator from Mis-
souri proposes to attach to it a provision for the
establishment of a mint at San Francisco, and I
am very much inclined to go for that measure.
But let me suggest to the honorable Senator
whether Ihis would not be " tacking," [laughter,]
and whether it will not be in violation of parlia-
mentary law to bring together two subjects of the
same kind in this bill ? Sir, will not the dignity
of New York, or more likely the dignity of Cali-
fornia, be affected by such a strange and unnatu-
ral and incongruous association ? The one is a
State—the proud " Empire State*," the other, I am
sorry to say it, yet I am obliged lo say it, is yet a
territory. There are some points of resemblance,
it is true; but, at the same time, there are some
points of discord Now, sir, I do not mean to
insist strenuously iijfon these incongruities, but I
propose to the honorable Senator from Missouri
that if he will waive all objection to the compro-
mise bill, and the association which is eontamed
in that bill of certain measures, I for one wilt with
pleasure waive all objection to the incongruity
which seems to me to be rather apparent between
the two measures now under consideraiion.
The amendment offered by Mr. Butler was
then read.
[The amendmentwe could not obtain;but it pro-
poses to establish a branch of the mint of the
United Stales at Charleston—to appoint the assist-
ant treasurer at Charleston director of that mint,
without any additional salary—and that apart-
ments m the building now being constructed for
the custom-house shall be used for the mint.]
Mr. COOPER. I have been at considerable
pains in collecting information on this subject, by
writing to the dnector and treasurer of the mint at
Philadelphia, as well as to other intelligent gentle-
men there who were aware of its capacity to do the
business which w^ nccessaty. These materials,
however, have been used much better than I could
have used them by other gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me in the discussion. I shall, nevertheless,
if the Senate will indulge me, submit a few reasons
why the proposed branch mint at New York
should not be established. I am not going to de-
preciate the commercial importance of the city of
New York; nor am 1 going to deny that a very
large amount of the duties paid upon foreign im-
ports into this country is paid at New York. But,
sir, I will remind my honorable friend from New
York, that, notwithstanding (his large amount of
revenue is collected there, the people of the city of
New York are all the richer for it. But the ques-
tion which addresses itself to the Senate in relation
to this matter, is, whether the business of the
country requires the expenditure of money that
will be necessary to establish and carry on a mint
in the city of New York? The statistical informa-
tion furnished to the Senate by the gentleman from
Maryland, goes very far to show that the capacity
of the mint at Philadelphia is entirely sufficient for
the purpose. Heretofore, sir, at least with the ex-
ception of a single year, that of 1847, when causes
were operating which brought into the country a
large amount of foreign coin, the amount of coin-
age at the several mints of this country has never
exceeded eleven millions of dollars in any one
year. In 1843, the whole coinage of the country
amounted to eleven millions and about nine hun-
dred thousand dollars. In the year '44—the year
following—there were coined some six or seven
millions ot dollars. These were the highest
amounts that were ever coined in the course of any
one year; and from the year 1792, the period when
the mint was first established, up to the present
time, the amounts have ranged between two and
three millions of dollars a year. In 1847, the
amount of coinage in all the mints of the country—
that at Philadelphia, that at Charlotteville, and
that at Dahlooe«i, as well as that at New Orleans
—amounted altogether to a-little over twenty mil-
lions of dollars; the mint at Philadelphia coining
of that amount about fourteen millions, the branch
at New Orleans seven millions, and about a million
and a half between the two mints located in North
Carolina and Georgia. In 1848, the amount coined
Was not a fourth pari of what was coined in 1847;
but during the last year, in consequence of the in-
flux of gold from California, the amount has been
greater, and will exceed that of any previous year.
But, sir,are not the mints now in operation, and
which are an annual charge upon the Govern-
ment, sufficient to perform all the functions they
were intended to perform ? Undoubtedly they are.
It will be seen that the branch mint at New Orleans
was equal in 1847 to the duty of coining seven
millions of dollars, and it was not worked, as I am
informed, up to its capacity. That year the amount
coined at Philadelphia was nearly fourteen mil-
linns of dollars, and the mint there was not worked
up to its capacity by any means. I admit that at
the period when gold began to flow into this
country from California, there was a period when
the mint at Philadelphia had not the capacity to
coin the bullion and dust that were deposited
there, as quickly as (he wants of the community
required it should he done; but, sir, that was
owing to the facts that have been referred to by
the Senator from Maryland. There was. in the
gold brought into this country from Calirornia,a
large amount of silver, which it was necessary,
previous to the coinage, to separate from the gold;
and the machinery, and the other parts of the
mint, at the beginning of this influx of California
gold, were not a'lapted to the purpose. But im-
provements have heen made both in the assaying
department and the ability of the mint to separate
the silver from the gold, and the mint is now in a
condition to do more than is required.
Sir, as has been stated by the Senator from
Maryland, there will be coined at the mint at
Philadelphia during iheoresent month over three
millions of dollars; I believe about three millions
one hundred and seventy-five thousard dollars.
This is hy the mint ot Philadelphia alone. A por-
tion of this, I will admit, hut a small portion, has
been stiver. But the amount of silver to he
coined hereafter will diminish, undoubtedly, while
the amount of gold will increase.
There is another fact to which Senators should
advert, that a coin of a larger denomination was
authorized at the last session of Congress, and
that coin is now going into circulation, (T mean
the twenty-dollar piece, or double eagle,) and of
course 'he capacity of the mint to coin a greater
number of dollars will be increased.
But the fact pressed most strenuously bv the
Senator from New York was this: that in 1848.
there was an importation into the country of some
twenty-four millions of specie, and that of that
amount there was hut a comparatively small por-
tion imported into Philadelphia. Does the Sena-
tor know that there was imported of that large
amount into Boston a very much larger amount
than was imported into the city of New York
Does he know, too 
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will yield the iloor I will tell him how
that happened. Much of this specie was brought
by the Cunard steamers, which do not come nearer
than Boston, but the money was brought on New
York account.
Mr. COOPER. Mr.President,it got there; and
in the previous history of the Government gold
got to Boston in large amounts, and if that he an
argument in favor of New York, the fact that Phil-
adelphia imports into New York her coin, would
be. an argument against New York and in favor of
Philadelphia. But, sir, let us see what is the great
evil of the fact (fiat the Senator from New York
has pressed upon the attention of the Senate. I
admft that New York is the great commercial me-
tropolis of the Union, and that sll imports ftre
more likely to find their way to New York than
to cities of less '•ommercial note. But where is
the great advantage to the country from that fact?
The cost of transportation in 1847 to Philadelphia
of all the gold imported into the country, being
about thirteen millions, was only five thousand
four hundred and seventy-four dollars.
Mr. President, in that year, 1847, there was im-
ported about $13,000,000 of gold into the United
States, and the cost of transportation of $6.000,OGO>
of that which required recoinage to Philadelphia
amounted to $5,474. That was the tax upon the
people for transporting the gold from Boston, New-
York, Baltimore, and other ports, to the mint at
Philadelphia, daring a period in which there rfas
as large an importation of gold as in any year,
except the last and current years. Now, sir,howl
is it elsewhere? Where is the mintof GcearBrit-
ain located ? And into what port or city is the
gold imported? Into Liverpool, and the mint is
located in London; and the distance hetween Liv-
erpool and London is more than double as great
as the distance between New York and Philadel-
phia. But, sir, I have been informed (but 1 have
the precise statistics) that of the gold coined in
England during a number of years, at least four-
fifths of it has been imported into Liverpool, and
carried two hundred and nineteen miles, the dis-
tance between that city and London, to the latter
place for coinage. The same is the case in France.
It is into Marseilles that the great amount of gold
received in France is imported, and it is trans-
ported to Pans, a distance of nearly four hundred
miles, for coinage, and by far more inconvenient
methods of transportation than are in use between
the great commercial metropolis of this Union and
Philadelphia. It is into Marseilles, Havre, Cher-
bourg, Toulon, and other ports, all of them distant
brom the mint at Paris, double as far as New York
is distant from Philadelphia, that all the gout IS
imported.
But, I repeat, the question to be decided is, has
the mint at Philadelphia capacity to cjm all the
gold that may be deposited there, and in a period
of time that will not interfere with the business of
commerce? I have already stated that during the
present month there will have been coined more
than three millions of dollars of gold, and some
thirty or forty thousand dollars of silver, at the
mint at Philadelphia. This, sir, will give you an
aggregate capacity at the mint to coin forty millions
of dollars a year, a larger amount than we are ever
likely to receive even from the modern El Dorado,
California, in the course of a single year. If this
be so, why should the Government be put to the
expense of establishing a mint at New York?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Peabce]
has informed you that the very ordinary building
erected at'New Orleans cost the Government over
three hundred thousand dollars, and the expense
ot'keeping up the mint there during the last ten
years has been j>55,305 per annum. Why is the
Government of the United States to be put to ex-
pense for.the establishment of an institution of this
kind to he kept up at such a large annual expense?
It was well remarked by the Senator from Mary-
land that there will be very speedily, in all proba-
bility, a branch mint established at San Francisco;
and if that be the case, of course the gold which
the mines of that country yield will he made into
American coin there. It will not require recoinage
when it is brought to the Atlantic sea-board. Vou
will find, I have no doubt, that in the course of a
very short time, if not during the present session,
there will be a branch mint established at San
Francisco, and when that is the case, instead of
there being an increase of gold annually brought to
Philadelphia for coinage, the amount will decrease.
It must from the inevitable laws of trade decrease,
because if, as is probable, all the gold is to be
coined where it is taken from the earth, it will still
find its way into the channels of commerce, at
home in the United States, and exclude an equal
quantity of foreign gold from the country. By
coining the gold on the spot where it is mined,
and sending it to the Atlantic States for circu ation,
a large space occupied by foreign coin will be sup-
plied, and the labors of the mint lightened. Why,
then, 1 repeat, should the country he put to an ex-
pense at this time, when there is no necessity for
it ? Sir, I have collected a great number of statis-
tics upon this subject, some of which are highly
interesting. Since the establishment of the mint,
in 1792, there has been coined in all the mints ef
the United States §145,137 993 61-$72.000 000 in
gold, $7),000,000 of specie, and about $1,100,000
in copper.
I have no doubt, sir, that even if the mint is
established at San Francisco, the annua! amount
