1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
"which will be brought into the country wilt be in-
creasing, from the fact that the commerce of the
country is increasing, and its population daily
augmenting; but when the mint has capacity to
coin forty millions of dollars a year—and I have
no doubt that its capacity is far beyond that—
where, I repeat again, is the necessity of putting
the Government to this great expense ? Why, as
they do things in the great commercial metropolis
of the country, it will cost a million of dollars to
build a mint. I believe the custom-house cost
twelve hundred thousand dollars. And there, on
the scale on which things are carried on, Govern-
ment will have to pay, I venture to say, one hun-
dred thousand dollars a year in addition to keep up
the mint after it has been established. Besides, 1
have no doubt that if a mint is established at New
York theie will be applications for mints else-
where, and applications founded on reasons quite
as substantial. Already we see a claim set up for
Charleston. We shall see one set up for St.
Louis, another for Savannah, and the northern
cities will follow in the wake, each one asking its
mint. Now, there is a mint already at Philadel-
phia; all the gold that is brought into the country
can be coined there free of charge to the people,
and find its way into circulation immediately,
within a day or two, and often on the same day
on which it is deposited.
There is another thing to be observed, and that
is, that, as soon as a mint is established at New
York, the mintat Philadelphia ceases to be a mint.
They cannot both exist within a hundred miles of
each other. So that the establishment of the mint
there is the ultimate destruction of the mint at
Philadelphia. And with all the advantages and
superiority with which nature has endowed that
great metropolis, so zealously and ably represented
here by my friends, both before and behind me,
[Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Seward,] they ought
to be willing that any of these little incidental ad-
vantages should be reaped by their lister State
which is humble, to be sure, but treading closely
upon their heels in point of population. I can
tell my friends, the Senators from New York,
that at the next census Philadelphia will have a
population of four hundred thousand within the
city and incorporated limits, besides the county;
and in i860 take care of your " Excelsior" New
York.
Mr. DICKINSON. It so happens, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the course of legislation here, that when-
ever the question of a branch mint at New York is
before the Senate, the most active, vigilant, and
unyielding opposition that it meets with comes
from the vicinity of other mints. The opposition
is of course of a public and general character; but
it does so happen, and it is one of the things that
I know not how to account for. The Senator from
Pennsylvania, who has just taken such strong
and decided ground against the establishment of a
branch mint at New York, based his remarks upon
information mainly derived from a letter addressed
to him by the director of the mint at Philadelphia.
That letter js, I suppose, a public letter, designed
for public use, and designed to influence the public
mind, because I am pretty sure I have seen it in
print, and it was presented here in the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Finance. I thought,
too, I could discover an active sympathy between
that letter and the remarks of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce;] a remarkable coinci-
dence in the sentiments, and language also, which
induced me to thmk that he spoke, if without
book, not without letter, touching this matter.
The director of the mint at Philadelphia speaks
with some little feeling upon this subject. He dis-
cusses some of the principal points, the chief of
which is the vast expense which a mint at New
York would occasion; and he tells us how much
Congress appropriates to the Philadelphia mint,
and would have to appropriate to this mint annu-
ally. Well, now, since Congress makes the ap-
propriation itself; since they make the appropria-
tion for the Philadelphia mint, including the
salary of this excellent director himself, I think
that he might have been excused from that part of
the service which he rendered to us without mate-
rial detriment to the pubiic interests. We could
have found out what is appropriated there without
having this bugbear placed in the way of legisla-
ting in favor of a branch mint at New York. He
tells us, too, as the Senators have done, that this
mintat Philadelphia has capacity to transact all
the business. The same argument, the same ideas,
the same language—'"it has capacity."
Well, sir, why did they not answer what I said
before, that the further you remove the mint from
the commercial centre, upon this system of logic,
the more commercial capacity it will have for the
want of business merely? It is no argument to
say that it coins all that comes there, if it is the
fact. But Jt has not done it within the last year,
as the tables show, by nearly three millions of
dollars. Let us look at the statistics for a moment.
There have been some years, it is estimated,
twenty-four millions of specie imported. Much
of this was in bullion, in foreign coin, requiring
recoinage; besides the annual receipt of some
ei^ht millions which comes from the hands of
foreign emigrants, all requiring recoinage before
it could be circulated. If the Philadelphia mint
has the capacity, why is it that during the last
year she has coined only seven millions and some
odd thousand dollars of gold? Five millions and
a half of dollars in gold dust were actually depos-
ited from California; so that, beyond the California
gold, there was only about two millions and a half
offfold coined. Now, suppose that a vast amount
of bullion had been thrown in there, either by the
Government or by individuals—and it must be
thrown in some other time—what would have
been done? Where then would have been her
boasted capacity ? It is reasoning on false premises
entirely to say that she has any such capacity.
As well might you say that a country mill had
capacity to grind for all the adjacent country, be-
cause stationed at a point where only a small por-
tion goes to it; as well might you say that a law-
yer in Philadelphia had capacity to transact all the
business of New York claimants, because it does
not go to him; as well might you say that the bay
of Delaware had capacity for the shipping of New
York, because it did not go there; as well say that
a shopkeeper, or artisan, or merchant, had capa-
city to transact all the business of New York, be-
cause it does not come to him.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that the
trouble and cost of transporting the bullion from
New York and the other ports at which it arrives
to Philadelphia is a very trifling matter. Is it a
very trifling matter for the individual who has a
thousand dollars in some foreign coin to have to
transfer it to Philadelphia, over one hundred miles
of travel, and, if unable to go himself, obliged to
employ an agent, and then to await its return be-
fore he can circulate it to advantage? It is the
duty of the Government to establish a mint at the
point of its commercial centre, and every reason
that attempts to get round that is false and artifi-
cial. You might as well attempt to make a stream
run up hill, or to turn it from its natural current.
There is a vast amount of bullion seeking coinage
for the public convenience, which, if it has not
mint facilities at New York, will not be coined
anywhere. Some of it will find its way to Phila-
delphia, as it has done under an arbitrary Govern-
ment order; but, in the hands of individuals, it is
impossible to force it to any considerable extent
out of the natural course of trade.
The argument which the director of the mint
presses so feelingly, that if a mint is established
at New York the mint at Philadelphia will have
no business, and which has been urged here upon
this floor by the distinguished Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] is a most conclusive ar-
gument in favor of New York. Suppose there
was no custom-house atNew York, and that there
was one at Philadelphia, would you oppose the
establishment of a custom-house at New York,
where two-thirds of the revenue is received ? The
Philadelphia custom-house would have compara-
tively little business. Will the honorable Senator
stand up and advocate such a monstrous commer-
cial regulation as that? And yet it would be no
more absurd than this, that a branch mint should
not be established at New York, because it will
I take away the business from the Philadelphia
j mint. Why, sir, if commercial ^transactions will
! not reach her without a process of legislation, she
I should take her chance in the great market of the
j commercial world. This learned and faithful di-
rector of the mint shows himself, in my opinion,
much more learned in the transmutation of metals
and chemical affinities than in commercial transac-
tions, if he supposes that a great nation should
attempt to force the stream of commercial affairs
out of the natural current ^to accommodate the
feelings of individuals or the peculiar local in-
terests of any one city, or in order to save a few
hundred thousand dollars expenditure in the erec-
tion of public buildings and the payment of sal-
aries. These statistical arguments which I have
presented are unanswerable, and they do not at-
tempt to answer them except by saying that the
Philadelphia mint has capacity, whether it affords
the necessary facilities to the commercial com-
munity or not.
It is suggested by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia that in 1860 Philadelphia is going to be as
large as New York. I have nothing to say to
that. I shall be gratified if it shall prove true. New
York speaks for herself. 1 have nothing to say
for her now. In the language of the Senator from
Massachusetts, on a previous occasion, " there
she is." Her statistics will tell you what she is
now, and her growth within the last few years
will tell you what she will be in 1860.
I am admonished, however, to close, and I will
not consume time by prolonging this debate. I
do not ask gentlemen to answer my argument, but
I ask them to answer the able argument of the late
Secretary of the Treasury upon this question, and
I declare it to be utterly unanswerable.
The VICE PRESIDENT then stated that the
question was on the amendment offered by the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on theamendmentof the Senator from South
Carolina, and I will remark that I am myself in
favor of a branch mint in Charleston. I have
supported it once. I voted to annex it to this bill
once before, and the bill was lost for no other cause
than that it was so annexed. I now declare my-
self ready and willing, not offly as a Senator but
as chairman of the Committee on Finance, to
give my best aid to facilitate the establishment of
a branch mint at Charleston under proper regula-
tions; but I am opposed to its being annexed to
this bill, mainly for the reason that it was annexed
to it once before by the opponents of the bill, who
thus defeated it. I shall, therefore, vote against
the amendment, and I caution the friends of the
bill not to jeopard it by supporting theamendment.
Mr. KING. I wish to ask the Chair whether
the amendment on which the Senate is called to
vote embraces two branches or only one?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only one.
Mr. KING. Then I understand that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] is proposed to be amended by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina by adding to it a branch
at Charleston? Well, sir, 1 believe I shall vote
against both the amendments. If there is any pro-
priety in establishing a mint at all in our country
at this time, it seems to me that New York is de-
cidedly the proper place. If arjjp change is neces-
sary, the wisest course would have been to transfer
the mint from Philadelphia to New York, because
the facilities would be much greater there; but I
did not consider that the inconvenience was so
great at the present time as to justify a very enor-
mous expense in New York for the establishment
of a mint. I was disposed, therefore, to take no
part in bringing forward a measure of this kind,
although I was written to by various individuals
in that city on the subject. It seems to me that if
we go on in this way it will become absolutely
necessary to establish branch mints in every com-
mercial city, independently of those already exist-
ing where the bullion and gold dust shipped from
California and from foreign countries may be
taken. Why should not Boston have a mint too ?
Will Baltimore be satisfied ? What will Norfolk
say? If Charleston gets one,! shall insist cer-
tainly that Mobile should have a branch mint, as
it is a much more important place in many respects
than Charleston. In Georgia and North Carolina
there are mints already, but we shall have to es-
tablish them all over the country. When the
proper time comes I will vote for a branch mint at
San Francisco, but this is not the time. Things
are in that situation that I do not suppose even the
Senator from Missouri will be disposed to press
the establishment of a branch mint there now. At
the proper time, and I hope at no very distant day,
we shall be able to do it. I think it would be bet-
ter to have only one subject in the bill, and not
perhaps to defeat it by linking to it other proposi-
tions something similar in character, but which
would be more properly acted upon separately.
I am not in favor of " tacking" in this instance. 1
