1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
me that no difficulty would oteur to the United
Slates by such an arrangement, because they could
Issue such a certificate as would enable the United
States officer in California to send the gold, and
Slave it worded so that it would become payable at
the end of six months, or whatever time may be
necessary for its transportation. The gold itself
would be brought to th6 United States, and, from
the point where it might be corned, would be dis-
tributed throughout the country. I therefore hope
fckat this proposition, for the establishment of a
branch mint in California, may not he adopted at
this time, ft appears to me that these reflections
are worthy of the consideration of the Senate.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Bctler, and, the yeas and nays having
feeen ordered, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Boll, Renton, Berrien, Borland,
Butler, Corwin, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, FootP, H<>u>t<m, Hunter, Mhm^uiu, Morton, Pearee,
Spruanep, Turney, and Underwood—19
NAVS—Mesr-r*. Atchison, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright,
Chase. Clay, Coop r Davis ot Ma^achusett*, Dayion, Dick-
inson, D< d>;e of VVjscoufi , Downs, FH h, Greene, Hale,
Hamlin, Jones, Ktn<r, Mason, Norn-, Seba-nan, Seward,
Smith, Sturgeon, Walker, Webster, Whucomb, and Yu-
iee—2&
So the amendment was rejected.
The VFCE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and on that amend-
ment the yeas and navs have been ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
I have been, from the time we acquired this terri-
tory, at least from the time that we commenced
working these mines, anxious for the establish-
ment of a mint and such assaying offices as may
be necessary to secure the interest of the miners,
and to secure the benefit of the mining operations
of California so far as might be to the commerce
of the United States. I am m favor now of the
establishment of a mint, and if that may not be,
at least of the establishment of two offices for
assaying the gold found there. But if a mint is
established there—and I am not sure at what point
it should be—if it should be established it cannot
be at any pomt which is within striking distance
of both the important mines of California. These
mines exist m the courses of two rivers, running
the one from the north and the other from the
south. These rivers meet together at the great
port of San Francisco, where this mint is pro-
posed to be established. This is not, however,
carrying the mint to the mines, but the gold to the
mint, and carrying it a good way m both cases.
So far as I have been able to learn, the gold lies
in a valley which never approaches that coast, and
is from ten to twenty miles wide.
I propose to amend the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri in (he following man-
ner: after the word u silver," in thethiid line of
the first section, insert the words " and two assay-
ing offices, one at Stockton, on the San Joaquin,
and the other at Sacramento, on the river of that
name;" the object being to bring the assaying
offices to the neighborhood of the mines, to the
vicinity of the miners, where the dust may be sub-
mitted to the assayer and cast into bars prior to
the gold being sent to the mint, wherever that
may be. The first amendment which I propose
will be to strike out the word " one," in the eighth
section, and to substitute the word " two," so as
to make it u two assayers."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it w«s agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, i further move to amend the
amendment by changing the word " assayer,'7 in
the l&h line of the same section, to " assayers."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. D \WS0N. I will inquire of the Senator
from Mississippi, if two separate buildings will be
required for the assayers ?
Mr. DA.V1S. Of course, buildings and ma-
chinery will be required at each place, and i sup-
pose it will cost at least ten thousand dollars at
each place.
Mr. BENTON. It is not necessary to alter the
amount. Fifty thousand dollars was the amount
estimated for one assay office at San Francisco;
but as it is proposed to establish two offices in the
interior, the same amount may be sufficient for
both.
Mr. DAVIS. It my be necessary, to prevent
further questions, to amend the. amendment m the
first section by inserting after the word 14 branch,-"
in the sixth line, the words f< and assaying offices."
I move so to amend it.
The question was then taken on this amendment,
and it was adopted.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the amendment of Mr. Benton as amended. The
yeas and nays having been ordered, they were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bentrtn, Bradbury, Bright, Clarke,
Clav. Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Mississippi, Dnvron, Dodge
of Wisconsin. Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Fnote,
Greene. Hale.Hamlin, Houston. Hunter, Morton,Spruance,
Underwood and Whitcomb—24.
NAVS—Messrs. Atehi«on, Badger, Baldwin, Berrien,
Borland, Butler, Ca*s, Chase, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawson, Dickinson, Jones, King, Mangum. Norris, Pearce,
P"h-*«t an. Seward, Smith, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham,
Walker. Webster, and Yulee—25.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to say to the honor-
able members from Missouri and M ississippi that
I voted against the amendment proposing the es-
tablishment of a mint in California because I
thought it would embarrass the whole question
and cause a great deal of dispute. I am in favor,
however, of establishing assay offices, as many
as may be necessary, and I think a proposition
of that kind would meet with general concur-
rence.
Mr. MANGUM. I entirely concur with the
view just expressed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I voted against this amendment with
great reluctance, because I feel the great necessity
which exists for the establishment of assaying
offices in California, but I do not see the necessity
of establishing a mint there.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry to
differ with the distinguished gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber on this point. I think now is
the time to establish a mint. We have delayed
too long to perform those functions which devolved
upon us after the accession of the territory, and it
is because we have not performed those functions,
because we have left them without those provisions
to which they were entitled at our hands, that they
have taken upon themselves the power of forming
a government, and one of the very things which
they wished to attain was a mint, so as to be re-
lieved from those evil<* which every miner in Cali-
fornia now feels. We have been derelict in our
duty to the people of California. We have not
met the obligations which were imposed upon us
by the treaty with Mexico, to provide government
for the people of these territories, and with that
government also to establish custom-houses and
light-houses, and other conveniences and require-
ments which the people had a right to expect from
a Government holding a guardian care over them.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to make one or two
observations on this hill. It is now the original
question, as f understand it; and we should pre-
sent all the considerations which have been sug-
gested fairly to our minds, and say whether there
is now, in our various mints in the United States,
sufficient capacity for coining all the bullion and
foreign coin that shall be brought within the limits
of the country ? That is the question. I think
there is no Senator who will deny the capacity of
the mints to discharge that duty. Now, sir, what
are we seeking to do ? To make an appropriation,
first, of about $500,000, to build a mint in the city
of New York; and then we will have to appropriate
from eighty to one hundred thousand dollars an-
nually to sustain it Now, who applies for this?
The people of the United States? Of what import-
ance is it to the people of the United States?
None in the world; because they have machinery
coextensive with every demand of this kind that
can be made upon them
But the Senator from New York, on my right,
[Mr. Seward,] alleges that the mercantile interest
of the State of New York loses annually, in the
transmission of bullion from New York to Phila-
delphia, the sum of $30,000; and to save them from
the payment of that amount of money, you are to
tax the whole people of the United States from
eightyto one hundred thousand dollars annually,
besides the $500,000 required for the erection of a
building. This appears to me to be wholly unne-
cessary, to say the least of it.
Mr. COOPER. I will just observe that in 1848,
when the amount of gold imported into this coun-
try was $13,000,000, and when there was, of that
amount, nearly seven millions sent to Philadelphia
for coinage, the expense of the transmission was
only $5,474.
Mr. MANGUM. I gave the vote which I gave
just now with great reluctance, and I am not sure
but that I voted'wrong. That appears to be the
feeling of several gentleman who voted the same
way that 1 did, and who, if they had had a little
more time to consider the matter, would probably
have voted differently. I think it would be better
to postpone the further consideration of this bill.
I now move that when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DICKINSON. That being a debatable
subject, I wish to say a word. I think we had
better try to get this bill out of committee to-day.
If this motion is to be reconsidered, it can be done
on the spot. Debate has been had, and we ali
know now what the question is; but if it be post-
poned to a future day, it will all have to be gone
over again; and, although there may be no im-
propriety in reconsidering the vote, I know the
difficulty of gaining the attention of the Senate if
this bill is postponed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair, the answer to which will, per-
haps, regulate my conduct hereafter. I am op-
posed to the establishment of a mint in New York,
and in favor of the establishment of one in Califor-
nia. I want to know whether it is in order to
move to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order. It will be hereafter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I give notice that
hereafter I will make that motion.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject till Monday
next, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRADBURY. I wish to make a single
suggestion. It has already been suggested by the
Senator from Kentucky to move to amend by pre-
senting the amendment orginally presented by the
Senator from Missouri, in the place of the original
bill. I was just about to submit the same proposi-
tion, and I think we might take the vote upon it
now. I hope, therefore, before the question is
taken on this postponement, we will take the vote
on this question.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to reconsider the
vote postponing the further consideration of this
subject, and I do so merely for the purpose of an
explanation. I am in favor of some arrangement
by which California shall have an assaying office,
and I am ready to go for it now, in its most liberal
form. I voted against it here because I wished
that this bill should stand upon its own merits,
and not be connected with anything else. I with-
draw my motion to reconsider.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 27, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read.
Mr. SACKETT rose to a privileged question.
He saw by the report of the proceedingsof Friday,
in the Globe, upon the final passage of the bill for
the increase of the army, he was not recorded as
voting. He had voted in the negative, and desired
so to be recorded.
The Journal was amended to state the fact, and,'
as corrected, was approved.
LIST OF PATENTS.
Mr. MOREHEAD desired to offer a resolution,
which he thought would meet with the unanimous
consent of the House.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Cnmim-sMoner of Patents be, and he is
hereby, directed to furnish to each member and delegate of
this House, three copies ot the '• List of Patuits for inven-
tions and designs issued by the United States, from 17S0 to
1847, with the patent laws and notes of the derisions ot the
courts ol the United States, for the same period ; compiled
and published under the direction ot Edmund Burke Com-
missioner ot Patents:" Provided, No expense be*incurred
for reprinting.
Mr. CONGER suggested to the gentleman from
Kentucky the propriety of mortifying the resolu-
tion so as to give the books to the new members
only, the work having; been received by gentlemen
who were members of the last Congress.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he preferred the reso-
lution in the nresent form, because, although fur-
nished during the larst Congress 
TbeSPEAKER interposed, and inquired if there
was objection to the resolution ?
