1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES objected.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he would move, then,
that the rules be suspended for the reception of the
resolution.
CHARGES—THE ACTING DOORKEEPER.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to suspend the rules is not in order,
pending the business before the House. The re-
port made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds]
from the select committee, appointed to investigate
the charges preferred by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] against the Doorkeeper of
the House, having been postponed to this day, is
the first business in order.
That report being before the House—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, obtained the
floor and offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That Bobert E. Hornor, acting Doorkeeper of
thh Hous<i, be, and he is hereby, dismissed.
Mr. BROWN said he had been requested by
several gentlemen to ask the previous question;
he would hot, however, but would leave for the
House to dispose of the subject at their own
pleasure.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do I understand that that
resotuii >n is now before the House?
The SPEAKER feaid the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi was in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will move to lay the
•whole subject on the table, if I can have the priv-
ilege of saying something first. He said:
Mr. Speaker, I cannot think that this House
has any desire, as I am sure it haS no interest in
any debate upon the question now reproduced.
"While the world is occupied with considering the
influence and prevalence of libera) principles—
while the nation is gazing at the movements against
Cuba—the peop:e distracted with attempts to set-
tle boundaries and to give governments to vast
territories which we have acquired by conquest or
treaty—the House of Representatives of this great
nation is gravely debating the question of its Door-
keeper'rt rights—spending its time, and wasting its
eloquence, as to the position of its janitor, or, as
he is denominated, the acting Doorkeeper. It is
true that he is not even elected to his office, but
holds it 44 nostra gratia." Undoubtedly a question
of such importance demands our attention, and
will secure our devotion.
The charges against Mr. Hornor are, first, that
he dismissed a page without sufficient cause.
Look at the Senate, and see what that grave body
thinks of dismissal from office. I do not know
what constitutes cause, but I suppose that general
disapproval may be allowed to be a cause. But
the honorable gentleman from Mississippi speaks
in a spirit of true chivalry of the oppression ex-
hibited by the Doorkeeper using ihe influence of
his office to crush an humble page, it would
be a manifest wrong, if the Doorkeeper had done
that; but does not the honorable gentleman see
that he is incurring the same charge? May it not
be said that he is using the influence of his high
position—the Executive of a great State—the leader
of one branch of the National Legislature, and re-
spected by all—to crush the poor Doorkeeper of
this House? I cannot impute a spirit of persecu-
tion to the honorable gentleman, but 1 certainly
do not see how the position of the member is more
tenable than that of the Doorkeeper.
Another charge is, that the acting Doorkeeper
appointed and kept in place his brother. Mr
Speaker, nepotism is the c >mmo  fault of elevated
officers. The charge was first instituted, I believe,
against an elevated officer who keeps 44 the keys,"
and has no children; and it seems to be natural
that our Doorkeeper, who is also childless, should
suffer by a similar imputation.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (Mr. Chandler
yielding the floor for explanation,) said the charge
against the Dooikeeper was not for employing an
assistant because he was his brother; but for
giving a false certificate, to the effect that he was
performing his dunes here as assistant Doorkeeper,
white in fact he was absent from the city, filling
an office in Wisconsin, and actually performing
the duties pertaining to that office.
Mr. CHANDLER resumed. He recollected
that this charge of nepotism had been made on a
former occasion in this House; and he know also
that it was alleged to be a system prevai'ing to a
greater extent in another country. There were
other small charges, but he believed they were
'principally abandoned. I cannot answer the other
charge, that Mr. Hornor made some promises to
members touching the appointment of pages,
which he did not fulfill. Sir, where is the dispenser
of official favors that does not suffer by such a
charge? Mr. Hornor, in this as in the other
matters, has done nothing that the example of his
betters will not justify, atid he must suffer with
the great whom he has imitated. But I hold in
my hand a paper, which I ask the Clerk to read;
it will answer the charges against Mr Hornor,
and justify his conduct. The Clerk read:
" The House having refused to print the evi-
dence and report of the Committee of Investiga-
tion upon the charges preferred against its Door-
keeper, the following statement, abbreviated from
the same, is respectfully submitted for the inform-
ation of those who have had no opportunity of
knowing the details of the case:
" In reply to the charge of retaining his brother
in office during the last recess, &c., the evidence
shows:
"First. That R. E. Hornor retained but ttoo
persons, the same number as in the previous Con-
gress, to take charge of the Hall, and air the com-
mittee rooms, books ,and furniture, although in
consequence of the painting of all the rqom* and
Hall for the first time in twenty years, the white-
washing and cleaning, removing the furniture, &c.,
much more work was required to be done during
the last recess than during former recesses.
tl J. T. Clements, who was brought to sustain
the charges against the Doorkeeper, swears, * the
number retained (by R. E. Hornor,) was not greater
than was kept during the recess of the preceding
Congress.' He and several other witnesses prove,
that there was more work done during the last,
than previous recesses.
"'The nrartice under former Doorkeepers was,
that the officers agreed amongst themselves, to do
each other's work during absence.'
44 Second That although it has been customary,
for many years, as proved by several witnesses,
for a portion of the force about the Capitol, and
the offices and departments at Washington, to be
absent some weeks or months during the hot
weather, without hiring a substitute, yet that R. E.
Hornor required hi* brother and every one else who
absented himself, first to provide for having all his
work performed during his ahsence, and that xrilh
out any expense to the Government. In proof of
this, Mr. Clements swears:
"'Mr. Hornor is the only Doorkeeper, within
' the last ten years, who has required every officer
' who absents himself from the service, first to em-
ploy a substitute to do his work in his absence,
4 and to pay him out of his own funds."
44 Charles W. Stewart agreed to have Thomas C.
Tlornor's work done for him during his absence.
T. C. H. authorized Mr. Clements to pay Stewart
for the same. C. W. S'ewart swears:
14 ,TheGovemment{!i(Jn0/;>aya?ii/£/tmfl'fo anyone
1 ehe, in consequence of the absence of Thomas 0.
4 Hornor, and all the work was done that would
1 have been done if he had remained"—also, that
no partiality was shown to Thomas C. Hornor.
44 J. W. Morehead, the paying clerk of the
House, bemg sworn, states, in substance, that the
Messengers of the Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms. Door-
keeper, and Postmaster, receive all their pay
through the paying clerk's office, by checks drawn
with the approbation of the Clerk of the House, ami
signed by him—and he swears positively that f R. ;
4 E Hornor could not have drawn any money on any ,
' kind of certificate, either true or fahes m favor of .
4 his brother, or any other person, without its
* passing through the hands of the paving Herk of ,
4 the House of Representative®!,' and with the .j
sanction of the Clerk of the House: ' that mes-
sengers belonging to other departments of the
* House of Representatives received their pay in
c the same way [that Thomas C. Hornor did,] at ;
'times when they were absent from this city.' ,]
' One of the Cleik's messengers was absent from ;j
' some time in April till the 30'h of November, !
' (much longer than T. C. Hornor was,) and re- ;j
* ceiw-d hisresfularpay all the time.'
" Third. The evidence further shows, that during 11
the absence of T. C. Hornor himself, wife, and -i
fanaily were, during the prevalence of the cholera, t,
for a considerable time, seHously ill, and that he ;
had not entirely recovered from his illness whe* i
he returned to his duties here in the fall. j
*' The evidence of the Hon. Daniel P. King, of I
Massachusetts, chairman of the Commit tee of Ac-
counts, shows that it has been the invariable prm-
tice of Congress to pay its officers when siek9 with-
out the officer being required to pay or employ any
substitute.
" how his duties were discharged.
"Jn further justification of E. E. Hornor, and
as evidence of the ( careful, economical, and faiths
ful manner' in which he has discharged the duties
of Doorkeeper, Mr. King, who has bean chairman
of the Committee of Accounts during' the whol^ .
time Mr. Hornor has been an office* of the |ich£s£>
of Representatives, states 'that all the acqount*
' of the Doorkeeper pass under the supervision em#
* allowance of that committee;' 1 that Mr. Hornor
4 has been a careful and economical servant of the
' House, and not willing that any money should
* be improperly expended.' 4 He has manifested
' a general desire to abridge the expenses of the
' House in his particular department—in the fold-
' ing room, funeral expenses, and other things.*
'That the committee had preat confidence in Mr.
4 Hornor, as a correct and faithful agent of the
' Government.' That the ques'ion of his brother's
absence {and also one of the Clerk's messengers,
who was absent longer than T. C. Hornor) was
before the committee, and after an examination of
evidence it was dropped by the committee.
" In further evidence of the economy and busi-
ness improvement adopted by the pre^nt Door-
keeper, the evidence of Mr. Clements shows, from
the records of the House and the foldmgr-om,
that over one million more documents, speeches^
&c., were received and folded during the two
years that R. E. Hornor has been iri office, than
the whole four years preceding, and at less than
half the expense; thereby saving some thousands
of dollars instead of squanderings few hundred,
as the charge against him might seem to imply.
" holding two offices jui-tified by congress.
" In reply to the last clause of the charge, that
T. C. Hornor held two offices. It has never been
denied that, for a few months, he did hold, (by ih$
appointment of the Secretary of the Treasury,
but not by R. £. Hornor's appointment,) a second
paltry office, the pay of both of which together
did not amount to the emoluments of a subor-
dinate clerkship of this House or the Senate.
The duties of the second office the Government
authorized and gave him written permission tp haw
performed by a substitute. Fur all of wMch R. J2. *
Hornor is certainly not responsible. He did not
give him the second appointment, or leave of ab-
sence from it. T. C- Hornor has months since
resigned the appointment he held under the Door-
keeper; he holds but one now, and that pays him
less than one dollar per day.
44 But wh^ single out this solitary case for in-
vestigation, when it has been usual, for more than
forty years, for the same individual to hold two
or more Government offices at the same time, a 4
receive pay for both to the amount of thousands
of dollais, instead of a few hundred? And Con-
gress sanctions the same yearly, by voting th*
pay of these officers.
" The collectors of New York and Boston each
hold two or more offices; the pay of one is $6,000,
the other $400. As also the Superintendent ot the
Coast Survey, whose salary is $4 50'J, and he re-
ceives $1,500 more as Superintendent of Weights
and Vleasuies. The Blue Book and records of
the Treasury Department show many other cases
of less amounts. *
" In 1822 a committee was raised in Congress
to investigate the subject of holding hco offices,
and after a thorough examination of numerous
cases, it was sanctionedy Congress.
"the two rSTyinjng chargss.
44 On the charge th.it R E. Hornor had * made
false statements in regard to the manner of dis-
charging his official duties'-—
44 This charge appears to have been virtually
abandoned, with but a slight effort to sustain itby
a single witness, whilst there is strong evidence to
offset against that one, by the testimony of highly
respectable members of Congress of both parties
in favor of Mr. Hornor.
41 The committee report, that ' the evidence pre-
* sented in support of this charge shows nothing
'more than that Mr. Hornor was much iropor-
4 tuned in relation to the appointment of the ptfges
4 of the House, and feeling his situation emb.-ir-
Srassing,as he was only a tenant at Willi ttiade
