1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
'some implied promises in relation to appoint-
• ments; which not being able to fulfill, the com-
' mittee are of opinion that the charge is not ms-
' tained.'
" In regard to the next charge,' that he has dis-
missed a page without cause,' ample evidence is
given by a large number of witnesses, to show
that there was more than sufficient cause for the re-
moval of the page, before he was dismissed.
" The committee report, on the charge—' thathe
has dismissed a page without cause,' ' is utterly
toilhout foundation.' The page in question, as ap-
pears from the concurrent testimony of nearly all
the witnesses, was an inattentive and troublesome
boy, and had given Mr. Hornor ' abundant reason
for dismissing him.'
" The report then proceeds with a long state-
ment of conflicting testimony in relation to a report
of the taking of three or four pair of gloves by one
of the pages, at Mr Calhoun's funeral—too unim-
portant to be repeated, or to occupy the attention
of Congress.
" summary, &0.
"The whole case may be briefly summed up
thus:
" 1st. Although more work was to be done
during the last recess, yet no more force was em-
ployed, that no extra expense was incurred by the
Government in consequence of Thomas C. Hor-
nor's absence.
"2d. Although ithad notbeen usual forabsentees
to employ substitutes, yet R. E. Hornor required a
substitute to be employed in all cases of absence,
without any extra expense to the Government.
" 3d. Sickness has always been deemed by Con-
gress a justifiable excuse for absence.
" 4th. Although R. E. Hornor did not give his
brother a second office, and should not be censured
for what was done by others—yet,
" 5th. Congress and the Government have long
sanctioned persons holding two or more offices
at the same time.
" 6th. The committee and the evidence fully
exonerate R. E. Hornor from both the remaining
charges.
"in conclusion, it remains only to be said, that
the Doorkeeper's position has been made suffi-
ciently uncomfortable by the long, continued, and
untiring efforts of interested persons to displace
the present incumbent, but he will still indulge
the hope that (all parliamentary attempts having
■ failed) these efforts are not to be finally crowned
with success by fixing an undeserved stigma upon
his private and official character.
" statement of work and the cost.
"The statement of the work done, and the ex-
pense of the same, during the past six years, as
shown by the Clerk's official report of theexpenses
of the House of Representatives, and#he books of
the Folding Romn, is a fair exhibit of the good
management and economy of Mr. Hornor, the
present Doorkeeper.
During the 28th Congress there was received
and folded of Public Documents, Speeches, &c.,
3,260,000, at a cost of. $4,944 15
During the 29th Congress 2,362,000, at
•a cost of.    4,446 79
During the 30th Congress 6,896,000, at
a cost of.   4,557 69
" Thus it will be seen that at the same ratio paid
for folding in the 29th Congress, the folding of
6,896,000 copies of the 30th Congress, would have
cost the Government $12,982
Whereas, by care and good management
they only cost ..     4,557
Thus showing a clear saving in this
branch of R. E. HorrfSfr's department]
alone of.    8,425
" The above statement also shows that there
have been 1,271,000 more copies folded during the
last two years (30th Congress) than in both, the
2^th and 29fh, (four years,) and for less than one-
half of the expense.
" These facts are taken from the record#, and
certainly contrast very favorably for the present
Doorkeeper.
" House of Representatives, U. S.,
" Washington, 1850."
I do not think that it is worth while to add
another word. For this House to pursue the sub-
ject, would be to lessen its dignity, and to secure
to itself the charge of persecution. Mr. Hornor
is evidently innocent of every act of official mis-
conduct, and I hope, after this defence, will be
allowed, like his illustrious namesake,
" to sit in the comer,
Eating his Christmas pie,"
and discharge the duties of this high office, and
enjoy the dignity of doorkeeper.
Mr. INGE said that'* if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would yield the floor, he would
move to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, expressed a wish
to say a few words in reply to a single pointin the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHANDLER said, certainly he would
yield the floor, to allow the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi an opportunity for explanation.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said: But for an
intimation from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler,] that I had instituted this inves-
tigation in a spirit of persecution against the Door-
keeper, I certainly should not ask the further in-
dulgence of the House. That gentleman knows
but little of the motives which govern my conduct,
if he supposes me capable of persecuting any one,
or of making an attempt to do so. It was pre-
cisely because I thought the Doorkeeper had used
the power which he held, not, by the consent, but
by the forbearance of this House, to persecute a
boy, that I was in fact induced to demand this in-
vestigation. When I saw the whole power of the
Doorkeeper exerted to crush a child, and that un-
der the weight of a grave criminal charge, and
when I saw that child struggling to regain his po-
sition, and to reestablish his character—it was, I
say, when I saw this, that I gave way to the im-
pulses of my nature, and took sides with the boy
against the man. If there is one impulse of my
heart which I obey rather than another, it is that
which always prompts me to take sides with the
weak against the strong. If there is any merit in
this transaction, it shall be mine to have inter-
posed, however feebly, to rescue that boy from the
clutches of his persecutor. To others may belong
the more profitable work of vindicating a gray-
haired man, who has attempted to crush a de-
fenceless child under the weight of a criminal ac-
cusation.
I persecute the Doorkeeper! In all my life, sir,
I never persecuted the meanest of God's creatures.
My past life has been dedicated, as I trust the
future may be, to the service of mankind. I
neither persecute any man, nor stand idly by and
see any man persecuted. The charge of the hon-
orable gentleman is repelled.
In regard to the graver matters involved in this
investigation, if gentlemen choose so to regard
them, I have a single word to say. If there is
one member of this House who does not know
the Doorkeeper to be guilty, it is simply because
he has not chosen to look into the testimony which
has lain on your table for the last week. It is
proven beyond all denial or dispute that the Door-
keeper did make a false certificate, by virtue of
which his brother drew his per diem allowance for
six consecutive months, at the rate of two and a half
dollars per day. It was false in this, that it stated
his brother to have been here in the discharge of
his duties, when it was perfectly well known
that he was not here: that he was in fact in Wis-
consin, and there holding an office under this Gov-
ernment, and receiving an annual stated salary.
All this is proven; the proof is before you. The
Doorkeeper knew of his brother's absence, for he
is proven to have given his consent to his going
away. More than this is proven. Mr. Hornor
was informed that there would be no service for
his brother to perform; the assistant, whose mes-
senger he was, told the Doorkeeper that there
would be nothing for his brother to do. It is
proven that nothing was done, for the reason that
nothing was required. What was, the duty of
Hornor under the law ? It was clear he was re-
quired to dismiss all the subordinates whose ser-
vices were not needed. His brother's services
were not required; and why was he not dismissed ?
A dozen or more of messengers and assistants
were dismissed, but his brother was retained in
office, and was allowed to go away for six months,
and was then paid on a false certificate that he was
here in the discharge of his duties. This is the
proof; let any gentleman look into it, and he will
find it clear beyond dispute. When this transac-
tion was brought to my knowledge, I thought it
my duty to have it investigated. I moved for a
committee, and the facts are before the House. 1
am profoundly indifferent as to what disposition
may be made of them. If honorable gentlemen
think this too small a matter to arrest or engage
their attention, let them vote accordingly.
I felt, when first moving in this business, that
it was a small matter—a small business so far as
related to the amount of money involved. I knew
that higher officers had been placed on trial on
charges involvin^arger sums; but I saw a princi-
ple invol ved in this case. An officer of the House,
under the eye of the House, had been guilty of a
fraud upon the Treasury, to a small amount, it is
true—only a few hundred dollars; but still it was
a fraud, and I wanted to see it punished—not in a
spirit of persecution, but in a spirit of stern jus-
tice.
If five hundred dollars may be drawn from the
Treasury on a false certificate, why may not as
many thousand be drawn in the same way?
And, if you allow your servants, acting under your
eye, to do this, what right have you to complain if
others do the same thing? If Hornor gets five hun-
dred dollars on a false certificate of services per-
formed, when heknew perfectly well thatnoservice
was performed, why may not every other officer
get the like or a greater sum ? If Congress winks
at conduct like this when performed under its own
eye, whaf right have we to expect officers and
Government agents elsewhere to be faithful to
their trusts ?
I am now done with this subject: my duty has
been performed ^the matter is submitted to the de-
cision of the House; and, as the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Inge] has intimated his purpose to
move to lay the subject on the table, I give notice
that I shall ask the yeas and nays. I want to place
my vote on the record against smothering frauds
like this.
Mr. CHANDLER said that he certainly had
no intention to impute to the gentleman from
Mississippi any purpose beyond what he deemed
.a fulfillment of a duty.
Mr. INGE. With entire respect to the feelings
and the opinions of my friend from Mississippi, I
move to lay the whole subject on the table. I trust
the motion will be acceptable to the House.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. McMULLEN appealed to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Inge] to withdiaw the
motion to lay on the table, to allow hinxto make
a few remarks.
Mr. INGE said the very object of the motion
was to cut off debate upon this subject. He
thought the House understood it. It was too
small a matter to engage its attention.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 96, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews-, Ashmnn,
Baker, Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Bokee, Bowie,
Brmgs, Brooks., Burrows, t. Uestur Butler, J. P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Claike, Chngman, Cole,
Conger, Conrad, Coiwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon,
Doty, A. Evans, N. Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Gid-
ding*. Goodcnow, Cott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hamp-
ton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Holladav,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, Inge, W. T. Jackson, Keir, G. G.
King, J. A. King, P. King, Lh. Sere, Horace Mann, Marshall,
McICi sock, Mtachain, Morehead, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Out-
law, Owen, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynold?, Risley, fto>e,
Sackett, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaul-
duiff, Spra^ue, Stanly, A H. Stephens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Toomhs, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton,
Watkms, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Wmthrop—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, A=he, Avereir, Bay, Boyd,
A. Gv Brown, VV J, Brown,, Burt, J. Cable, George A. Cald-
well, OarttfT, W. R, W. < obb, Coicock, Disney, Dunham,
Edtnundson, Ewutg, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gihnore,
Gorman,Green .Hall, Hammond, HaraUon, Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, T. L Harris, Hibbard, Hubbard, A. Johnson,
R. W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Leffler Lmiefield. Ma^ori,
Mc-Clernand, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, McWil-
he, Miller, Million, Morris, Old*, Orr, Parker, Pcaslee,
Potter^ Powell, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson, Savage,
R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Walden, Wallace, Wildnck
Wood, and Woodward—68.
[Several gentlemen, when their names were
called, declined to vote, having paired oft' with gen-
tlemen who were temporarily absent from the city,
viz: Mr. Anderson having paired off with a gentle-
man from New York; Mr. Sawt&lle with Mr.
Matteson; M  Waldo with Mr. Butler, of
Connecticut.]
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
