1850.
TI?B CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LIST OF PATENTS.
The question recurred on the motioi) of Mr.
Mokehead to suspend the rules; and being taken
was decided in the affirmative. '
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
of Mr. Morehead (above given) was brought be-
fore the House. The question being on its adop-
tion—
Mr. JONES said, at the time this document
•was first published, having occasion to get a copy
for one of his constituents, he Bad applied to the
then Commissioner of Patents, (Mr. Burke,) who
had told him that he had but one copy forth©
Patent Office, if thia resolution, therefore, were
passed, a republication of the document would be
necessary.
Mr. MOREHEAD said, the resolution pro-
vided that there should be no expense*} incurred
by ^ republication. He understood there were
copies enough on hand to supply this order. He
moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT TO MA.1NE.
Mr. FULLER asked leave to introduce a bill
of which he had given previous notice, with the
view of referring it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The title of the bill was read for informa-
tion, as follows:
<l A bill to authorize the payment of interest for
advances made by the State of Maine for the use
of the United States Government in the protection
of the northeastern'frontler.,'
JN'o objection being made,
^ The bill was received, read a first and second
time by its title, and,
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, referred to
Committee of Ways and Means.
BUNDELCUND. &C.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked
unanimous consent of the House to offer the
lowing resolution:
the
the
fol-
Resolved, That the committee appointed on the day
of May, to mquire what clerks or other officers, under the
late Administration, were correspondent* ot newspapers,
or absenteG themselves from official duties to make speeches
against the eiect'on of General Taylor, &c., be also in-
structed to inquire what clerks, or other officers, holding
places under the late Administration, abs< nted themselves
from their official duties to engage in folding or directing
documents, to be circulated to promote the election of
General Taylor; what clerks, or other officers, holding
place* under any bianch of the Government, in the city of
Washington, were engagf-d during the late presidential can
vas«, in folding or directing documents, to be used in said
canvass to defeat tne election o( General Cass; and what
officers or members of the Rough and Ready Club, or other
political society, o>:janized in Washington city, to promote
the election of General 'Pay lor, have been appointed to of-
fice by th« present Administration, since the 4th day of
March, 1849 3
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to referring
that resolution to a select committee, composed of
a majority of Democrats, i have not the slightest
objection to its being referred to a select committee
of that kind; but 1 do object to referring it to the
present committee, which is composed of a ma-
jority of Whigs.
Mr. STANTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the reception of the resolution, and
ask^d the yeas and nays.
yhe yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested to the gentleman to
modify the resolution so as to raise another select
committee, composed ofa majority of Democrats.
If gentlemen wished to inquire into the conduct of
the present Administration, they should have a
committee consisting of a majority opposed to the
Administration. The resolution, moreover, if re-
ferred to the present committee, would so over-
burden them that it was very doubtful whether
they would be able to report at all.
Mr. CARTTER called his colleague to order.
The SPEAKER, said debate was not in order.
Mr. ORR called for the reading of the resolu-
tion.
It was read accordingly.
The question was taken, and the vote stood, yeas
78, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Me«rs. Aibertson, Ashe, Averett, Bav, Bayly,
Bingham, Hocock, Bmvlm, Boyd, Brooks, Win. J. Biown,
Burt, C. Buih-r, J. Table, G A Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Carrier, W. R. VV. Cobb, Coleoek, Disney, Dotv,
Dunham, Edimmt!>ou, FeatheMon, Fitch, Fuller, Hall.
Hammond, HaraUon, Harlan, I. G. Harris, §, W. Harris*;
T071
SHE A„rt^w,,^°bar<lVHlM,ar<1' Holland, Howard,
Ea S?re LeltrTKaUfma > K">g'
ii-ii AleQtit.fr. VI urn J. 0tt' MeLmiahao, McMul-
J5Bbb,nS'fiob-
Swefki-r , l Oia'iton Siefeou, Strong,
WaHace wr ri""Dl>iun> Milium Thompson
Woodward—78. w«Hworfli, Wildnek, Wood, and
Benulf BofceprkA'?Iancder' Allen> Andrews, Ashmun,
oenuett, tfokee, Burrows, E. C. Cabell I :.ilv!n
Casey, Ciiandler, Clarke, Cole, Conser Conrad ' Corwir'
Ororndl I)et«rry, Dv.key, Dixon, Allx.' EvansN En!,*'
Bwmg, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gr rineli',
Hampton, Hay, Haymotid, Henry, Holladav, Ho.ve, W. T.
Jackson, J. L. Johnson, E. W. Johnson, Kerr, G. G. Km«,
J. A. King, Marshall, McKissock, Meacnam, Newell, CMe
R, w p ' Pitn>ail> Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
&"•' o fechenck> Schoolcraft, Seddon,
bnepperd, bpanldnig Sprague, Stanly, Alex. H. Stephens
Suwir™1 .,0V«b°' Dnt,er,,"1> Vinton, Watkins,
White, Williams, arid Winthrop—74.
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended and the resolution was
not received.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
r^jr* CROWELL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of which he had
given previous notice.
The title of the bill was read as follows:
" A bill to abolish the slave trade in the District
or Columbia."
Objection was made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, called for the
reading of the title.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the entire
bill.
The title was again read.
The question was taken upon the suspension of
the rules.
The SPEAKER said that the noes had it by
the sound.
Mr. GIDDINGS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it in order
to call for the reading of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. If the reading of the entire
bill is called for it will be read if there is no objec-
tion. If objection is made the question will be
put to the House.
No objection being made,
The bill was read.
The question was taken, and the vote stood 
yeas 100, nays 63; as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Aibertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashmuii, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Briggs, William J.
Brown, Buei, Burrow*, Chester Butler, Jo=eph Cable, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Caruer, Cases', Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Con-
ger, Corvvin, Crowell, Dickey, Disney, D xon, Dory.
Dunham, Durkee, Nathan .Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley,
Fuller, Giddiugs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Gott, Gould.
Grinndl, Halioway, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams,
Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagland, Howe, Hunter, VVra.
T. Jackson, Julian, George G. King, John A. King, Preston
King, Leffier, LiUielield, Horace Mann, McKi  ock, Me-
Lananan, Meacham, Moiris, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Peaslee,
Pitman, Poller, Putnam, Keed, Keynolds-, Iu>Iey, Robbing,
Robinson, Ro.se., Sackeit, iSawtelle, Schenck, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser,
Taylor, William Tuompson, Thuiman, Tuck, Underbill,
Vinton, Waldo, Wemworth, White, Wildrick. Winthrop,
and Wood—100. >
NAY'S—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bavly, Beale, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Bow hn, A. G. Brow n, Burt. B. C. Cabell, G.
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell. W. R. VV. Cobb, Colcock,
Conrad, Deberrv, Edmund^on, Alexander Evan«, Swing,
Feather&ton, Hall, Hammond, Haralson, I>ham G. Harris,
Sampson VV. Harris, Haymoud, H.lhard, Holladav, Houston,
Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
Kerr, La S^re, Mason, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie,
Meade, Miller, Millson, Morehead, Orr, Outlaw, Owen,
Phelps, Powell, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd, Stanly, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H Stephens, Tftomas^ Jacob Thomp-
son, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, and Wood-
ward—63.
[Mr. Parker, who was absent from his seat
when his name was called, asked leave to record
his vote.
Objection was made.
Pie stated that he should have voted in the neg-
ative ]
So (two-thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended, and the bill was not
received.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. BOCOCK, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the California ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMAS (who was entitled to the floor
from a former day) then addressed the commitee.
[Mr. T.'s speech will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. BENNETT addressed the committee, (in
remarks which will be published in the Appendix.)
He advocated the immediate admission of Cafifor-
nia, unencumbered by any other measure.
Mr. BOCOCK next obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion that the committee rise, which
prevailing, the committee rose and reported.
Mr. SHEPPERD called attention to the fact
that he was incorrectly recorded upon one of the
votes taken to-day; and on his motion the Journal
was corrected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a suspension of the
rules for the consideration of ihe following resoly-
tion, which he said he wished to offer, to give op-
portunity to the officers of the House to put down
the spring matting and make the other changes
usually made in the Hall at this time:
Ordered, That when this House adjourns on Wednesday
next, it will adjourn to meet on the Saturday following*
and mat wnen it adjourns on Saturday next, it will adjourn
to meet on Tucsdny next thereafter; and that the Sneaker
be a>!d he is hereby authorized to nominate and appoint
some member to officiate in his stead as Sneaker pro
tempore at the meeting and sitting of the House on Satur-
day next.
~ Mr. J ONES said he thought they had no author-
ity to adopt such a resolution. It was only com-
petent for the House, to adjourn for three days
without the concurrence of the Senate.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
debate was not in order, the question being on the
suspension of the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK said it was well understood by
the House, that the object of the resolution was
to give to the officers of the House four days for
the usual cleaning of the IlalU&c.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said it was
always done m three days.
The question was taken on the suspension of
the rules, and the vote stood—ayes 55, noes 32—
no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved a call of the House.
The House refused to adjourn—ayes 35, noes
50.
The question recurring on the motion for a calf,
Mr. JOiSTES asked for the yeas and nays; which
were refused. And the question being taken; was
decided in the negative—ayes 30, noes 35.
JNo quorum voting.
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. PRESTOX KING: The petition of citizens and
electors of DeKdib, St. Lawrence county, New York, that
slavery and the slave trade may he expressly prohibited by
act o 1 Congress m all the territories ot the United States.
AUo, the same, that all laws adopted or sanctioned by
Congress, by which slavery or the slave tiade is authorized
in the District of Columbia, may be repeated; and in the
event of their non-repeal, that the seat of the National Gov-
ernment may be removed to some more suitable location.
Also, the same, to secure to alleged fugitives tiom slavery
the ngnt of trial by jury
AUo, the same, that no State shall hereafter be admitted
into the Union, unless the constitution of such State shay
expresslv prohibit the existence of slavery within the limits
of the State.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of M.iyhnry A. Bertolet
and 38 other citizens of Berks county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a modification of the duties on iron.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Seidel and 88 other citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, without distinction of party,
praying for a modification of the tariff upon iron.
Also, a similar petition of H. p. Robe>oi. aud 39 others,
citizens of Berk? county. Pennsylvania, praying for a mod-
ification of the duties on iron.
Al>o, the petition ofThomnsM. O Bnen and 53 other cit-
izens of Berks county, Pennsylvania, prajing Congress not
to extend the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. PITMAN; The petition of C. W. Peale and 303
other crizens oi Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking
for an immediate modifiesatfm of the exminy tanfi'laws.
Also, the petition of RoWrt Ratchit and 46 other citizens
of !SchuvIkiil county, Pennsylvania, asking art immediate
modification ot the t-xisting tariff Jaws,
Also, the pennon of Geoige W. Snjder and 30 other citi-
zens of Schii)Iktll county, Pennsylvania, asking for an im-
mediate modification of the existing tariff laws."
Alfi, the petition of Joiianan CockiH and 70other citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking lor an immediate
modification ol the existing tariff iaws.
Also, the petition ot Daniel Woch and J34 other citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking ioran immediate
modification ol the existing "ta ifflaws.
Also, the petition ol Alfred M. Montelius and 72 other
citizens of SchuvlkiM county, Pennsylvania, asking for an
immediate modi ication ot the existing tariff iaws.
By Mr. DOTY: The#etuion of'JatnesGiddings,B. Hink-
Iey, aud other citizen# Of the town ot Chester, Wisconsin,
piaying for the enactment of laws prohibiting the extension
of slavery.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: Tft,e petition of sundry
