1072
the congressional globe.
May 27.
citizens of the State of Iowa, praying for the abolition of
slaverv and the slave track1 in the District of Columbia, and
territories of the United State*; and for a Jaw authorizing
fugitive slaves the right of trial by jury.
iJv Mr. HliiB.VRD: The petition of Thomas D. Morrison,
of Hill. Nt-w Hampshire,a soldier ol the last war with Great
Britain, praying for remuneration tor losses sustained by
hun in said war. wi-M
Bv Mr SHEPPERD: The petition of Margaret Jnem,
prayum for a pens on. Also, the petition of sundry
of Gulford county, Nonli Carolina, ..sking thatJ®'**"®
from the United Stat™ to the Peace CongressorConveiiuon
about to bf held at Franklort-on-the.Maiue, be permitted a
na-sa^ on bo.ud one of our public ships.
Bv Mi. CALDWELL, ot Kemucky: The memorial of
George P Smith, prating Cougre?a to relieve bun troin lia-
bility as A-si^tani Quartermaster in the Mexican war, on
account of the capture of said Smith by the. enemy, with
hU vouchers, money, propert , &e.
Bv Mr. UNDERBILL: H.e memorial of William Del-
mold, Pre.-ident ot the German Medical Society of Nt w
York, and others, praying that the grades of iho medical ot-
fleets of the Navy shall have the same degree of rank rel-
atively ot the officers ot lite Navy.
By Mr HAL'LAN: The petition of David Heaston and
outers, of the county ot Randolph, State ot I ndiana, praying
Ooogtes*? to grant bounty laud to soldiers in the war ol
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of Indi na, on
the subject of the suppression ot the African >[ave trade.
By Mr STETS- >N: The petition oi L). M Raor and oth-
ers, citizen* of Bangor, Maine, praung that ihe grades ol
m« dieal officer.- of the Navy shad have tliH vime degree ol
rank relatively to officer* ot the line in the Navy.
Ai^o. the petition ot the hens ot John Ci o by, for the pay-
ment ol claims lor French *.puli<mon  prtJau0,
By Mr. PE \>LEK: The memorial of E. K. Webster and
other ph\MCi:in-«, members ct ihn Uentie i)i>triet Medical
So. letv, of N< w Hampshire, pi a\nig that a rank maybe
a-Mirned by law to tin tuedieai officers of the Navy, corte-
spoiidittjr to that belli bv officers ot similar grade tn the med-
ic..! department or ihe Aimy. .
By Mr. t'REIiDI.SV : The petition of Charles Lloyd, jr.,
and 26 other citizens ot Delaware county, Pennsylvania,
a-Kii.2 tor the e-tablishmentot an agncultural bureau mone
of the*executive departuitnis.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 27, 1850.
The VICE FRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a preamble anil resolutions of the American
Medical Association in Cincinnati, Ohio, in favor
of the assignment by law to medical officers of the
navy of a definite position or assimilated rank not
inferior to that possessed by the medical staff of
the army; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented four memorials of
medical associations, societies, and of medical
gentlemen in New Vork, asking that the same
relative rank may be conferred on the medical
officers of the navy that is held by officers of sim-
ilat grade in the medical department of the army;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. .
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Charles
R\ Morrison, asking the confirmation of his title
to a tiact of land lying in the Bastrop grant, in
m Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Also, a memorial of Thomas H. McManus,
asking that he may be allowed the right of pre-
emption to certain lands in the Greensburg land
district, in Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WALES presented two memorials of phy
sicians of Newcastle, Delaware, asking that the
same relative rank may be assigned to the medical
officeis of the navy that is held by officers of sim
ilar grade in the medical department of the army;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. COOPER 'presented three memorials of
citiz>-ns of Berks county, Pennsylvania, asking a
modification of the tariff and the imposition o*
specific dunes on foreign imports; which were re-
ferred to the Committee oi^inanre.
Mr. SOULE presented "memorial of the heirs
of Benjamin Page, deceased, asking indemnity for
Fiench spoliations prior to 18U0; which was or-
* dered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TURNEY, from the Committee on Patents,
to which was recommitted the bill to amend an
a t to promote the progress of the useful arts, re-
ported back thesarr>e wiih an amendment, striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting a
new bill as a substitute; which was "ordered to be
printed. %
Mr. WHITCOMB, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of John
Devlin, asking compensation for his services as a
clerk in the Ftfth Auditor's office, submitted a re-
port, which was ordered to be printed, accom-.
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. DOWiSS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Joseph H. D. Bowmar, asking that a patent
may issue for a certain tract of land entered at
the land office at Ouachita, Louisiana, submitted a
report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief, which was read and
passed to a second reading. .
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
report of the Secretary of the Interior, with addi-
tional correspondence relative to the operations of
the commissioner for running the boundary be-
tween the United States and Mexico, reported in
favor of printing the same; which was concurred
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on' the
Judiciary, to which was leferred the petition of
Simon Ureeiileaf, asking a renewal of his copy-
right, reported a bill for his relief.
The bill was read a first and second time, and,
on the motion of Mr Butler, was considered m
Committee of the Whole; and, no amendment
having been offered, it was reported back to the
Senate, ordered to Oe engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read a third time by unanimous con-
sent, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the same committee, to
which was ief. rred bill No. 244, being the bill lo
regulate the terms of the district and circuit courts
of the United States, in the State of Ohio, reported
back the same without amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
John P. Skinner and others, asking to be released
from a judgment obtained against tliem as sureties
of Thomas Emerson, late pension agent for Ver-
mont, submitted an adverse report on the same.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant the
light of preemption to actual settlers on, and to
dispose of certain land surrounding the springs in
Arkansas, which has been heretofore reserved from
sale, which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SOULE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to revive an act
entitled " An act providing for the adjustment of
all suspended preemption claims in the several
Slates and territories," approved 3d August, 1846;
which was read a first and second time by its tuie,
and leferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to regulate the
terms of holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States in the district of Ohio; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CHAGRES LINE OF STEAMERS.
Mr. DOWNS moved to take up the resolution
submitted by him on the 17th of April, touching
the propriety of annulling the contract for the New
Orleans and Chagres line of mail steamers. The
motion having been agreed to, the resolution was
read, as follows:
Resulted, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to the Senate whether ihe contractor lor the New Or-
leans ami Cnaj^rc.-. line or mail steamer*, who ■■ b mnd hiin-
< sell to establish a line of steamers, to consist ot at lea-t five
< vrr>>cN, tor tile trausportatio ot the United Slates mail from
' New York to New Orleans, twice a month arid back, 1
< lunching at Cisarle^lon, (if practicable,) Savannah, and
' Havana, and Irom Havana to Cha^rea and back twice <t I
' month ; that two ot the steamship* should he completed !
'and re.triv lor service on the 1st il.iv of Oettbei, lb4tf, and .
'should be of ihe burden ot not It ss than fifteen hundred t
' tons," has complied with Ins contiact; a.id, if not, whether
h
and instead of the resolution just read he begged
leave to substitute the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po>t Roads inquire and report to the Senate the lacts tn re-
lation to the respective contracts for building niail steam-
ships, and for the transportation ot tile United Stales inail
between New York and Liverpool, between New York,
Havana, and New Orleans,and Havana and Chagres, find be-
tween Panamaand San Francisco and iOm*  point n  Oregon?
whether such ships have been completed m the mannerand
at the times stipulated in the contracts lespectively, and it
not, what reasons ar assigned therefor; whether such de-
lay, lfanv, has been detrimental, under all the circumstances,
to the interests of the Government and the requirements of
the service; whether any of the said ships* have been in-
creased in their tonnage, dimensions, machinery, and con-
sequently in their value and effectiveness lor naval and
mail purposes, and the probable cost ofihose required by
the terms of the contracts and those actually constructed ;
and whether the mail service is now performed by said
lines respectively according to their contracts, and what
compensation has been paid therefor; and whether any
further provisions'of law be necessary to secure the more
effectual performance oi s-aid sei vice and the otner objects
contemplated by said contracts.
The resolution was then agreed to.
MINT IN NEW YORK.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
proceeded, as m Committee of the.Whole, to the
consideration of the bill to establish a branch of
the mint of the United States in the city of New
"York
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec. 7. Beit further enacted. That there shall be estab-
lished two assaying offices, one at Stockton, on the San
Joaquin river, and the other at Sacramento, on the Sacra-
mento river, m California; fui each ol which said offi« es
there shall he appointed, on the nomination of the Pres-
ident. and with the advice and consent ot the Senate, one
treasurer and one assayer, and one melter and refiner, and
each of said treasurers shall be authorized to employ and
engage one clerk, and as many subordinate woikmen and
servants for the service of his office as may be provided by
law.
Hec.8. And be it further enacted, That each of said assay-
ing offices shall he a place ol deport for su'-h public money
as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct,* and the treas-
urer thereof shall have the custody of the same, and shall
perform the duties ot an a-sistant treasurer ot the United
States, and shall be subject 10 all the provisions ot the act
app oved 6th of August, 1846, entitled "An act to provide
for t >e better organization ot ihe Treasury, and for the col-
lection, safe.-keepn.g, transfer, and disbursement of the
public revenue," which are applicable to the tieasurer of the
branch mint at New Orleans-, and shall teceive for his ser-
vice* an annual compensation ot $5,000.
Skc. 9. And be U jurtker enacted, That the assayers and
melter*, and refiners authorized by this act shall perform
such duties, m assaying and fixing the value of gold or
bullion in grains or m lumps, and in forming the same into
bars, either tor individuals, companies, or the Government,
as shall he pi escribed by the Secretary of the.Trea*ury, and
shall each ieceive tor his services an annual compen>auon
of $4,COO.
Sec. 10. Jtnd be it fwther enacted, That all deposits of
gold or bullion m cither of taid offices for a^say shall be with
ihe treasurer thereof, who shall estimate the whole value of
eaeh depostte, and deliver to the depoMloi, under hi*, hand,
a ceiitficate of sue   value, which certificate shall entitle
the holder to the gold or bullion *o depo-ned for as^ny, sub-
ject to such charges and deductions, ii any, as may be pre-
senbed hy the Secn-.tary of the Treas-ury.
Sec. 11. -And be Ufuither enacted, That there shall be al-
lowed to each of the clerks authorized by thif act an annual
compensation of £3.000, and to each of the subordinate
workmen and setvants, not exceeding twentv,sueh wages
and allowances as are customary and reasonable, according
to their respective stations and duties, and as >hall be au-
thorized hy the Secretary of the United States Treasury.
Sec. 12. And he \t further emitted, That the officer-sand
clerks herein provided for shall, previously to entering on
the discharge of then duties, each of them take an oath, or
make affirmation, before some justice of the peace, to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, which oath or ,
affirmation shall be deposited in the Treasury Departim nt.
Sec. 13 And be further enacted, That the sum ol $50#0Q0
be, and the same is heieby appropriated out ol any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose
of fcstablishing the assaying offices aforesa d.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am anxious to estab-
lish a mint at San Francisco; and it seems to me,
that if we establish a mint there, and put in oper-
ation the necessary machinery to com the gold
which may centie at that point, we shall not need
these two assay offices. 1 am anxious to have the
question taken in some shape upon the original
failure to do so, an i the litigation in wine b he has been j amendment offered by the Senator from Missouri,
iged wiih his assignee-, will he calculated to embirraas ' - - ■   • ■ >
and postpone the final completion of the vessels contracted
for, if noi to endanger the ultimate fulfillment ol the con-
tract with the Government, and are not of t-uch a nature as !
t > authorize and requne thatsaid contract should be declared
bv the Government null and void ; and whether the action
of Congress be necessary to carry such purpose into effect;
and to icport atich oilier information touching said contract \
as may be usetul to Congress. J
Mr. DOWNS said that since the introduction of -
the resolution, he had thought his object might be '
quite as well attained by referring the subject to !
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, i
■ [Mr. Bentov,] disconnected with allother matters.
! J was informed the other day that it could not be
1 done at this stage of the bill. I rise to ascertain
what will be the condition of the bill if we adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi,
and establish these two assay offices, according to
his proposition, without that of the Senator from
Missouri to establish a mint at San Francisco. If
we now adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, how shall we be able to get at the
&nse of the Senate upon the question of the estab-
