1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
ment offered by the Senator from Mississippi be
amended by striking out ail after the word
"that," in the first line, and inserting in lieu
thereof the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri. „ _
Mr. CLAY. By to-morrow, I presume, Sen-
ators wiil be able to arrange this matter amongst
themselves, and therefore, with the consent of the
Senator from New York, I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed till to- 
morrow, at half-past twelve o'clock, that we may
proceed to the order of the day.
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Senator from Ke -
tucky will withdraw his motion for a moment, I
shall be glad; for 1 would like to have a vote taken
on this present question.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 do not propose to debate
this question, but I wish to say, that, as the
amendment now stands, if adopted, provision will
be made for one assay office at San Francisco to
be immediately erected, and a mint subsequently,
instead of a proposition to have two assay offices
at distant points.
Mr. BADGER. I understand the effect of the
amendment to the amendment will be to establish
tt mint at San Francisco and an assay office there
also. I wish to say, before I vote upon the
amendment, that I bhall vote against it, and at a
proper time I shall take the sense of the Senate
on an amendment proposing to strike out from the
first section of the bill the words " the city of
New York," and insert " San Francisco, Cali-
fornia," as the location of the proposed branch
mint.
Mr. DICKINSON. That will not be m order.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the further con-
sideration of this question be postponed till to-
morrow, at half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Senator will with-
draw that motion, I will make one which will
meet his views belter perhaps.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is a special order
for to-morrow at that time. I move, therefore,
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed, and that it be made the special order
for Wednesday next, at half-past twelve o'clock,
and for each succeeding day at the same hour,
till it is disposed of, during the morning hour.
The motion svas agreed to-
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order of the day, being the bill for
the admission of California as a State into the
Union, to provide governments for the territories
of Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas in relation to her western and north-
wesiern boundaries.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be 011 the amendment offered by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] ami that on this
question the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, ot' Mississippi. I wish to have
the amendment read as it now stands.
The Secretary read the pending amendment to
the tenth section, which was originally offered by
Mr. Pratt, and adopted by Mt. Davis, of Mis-
sissippi, as follows:
Strike out the words "in respect to," and in-
sert ;• to introduce or exclude," and after the word
" slavery" to insert the following proviso:
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he con-
strued ,-o a-- 10 i revent, said territorial legislature from pas—
iwjsucli laws as may bu necessary for the protection ol the
rights of property of every kind which tti.tV have been or
may be hereafter lawfully introduced into said territory."
if these amendments be adopted, that portion of
the section will read as follows:
"That the legislative power of -aid territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of Icai-lation consistent with the
Constitution of the United State* and the piovi-ions ot this
act; but no Saw shall he pa^ed interftmii!! with the piunaiy j
dispo.-al of the soil, nor to introduce or exehtde African I
slavery:" Provide-!, that nothing herein contained, &c. i
Mr. DAVIS. It will be m the recollection of j
the Senate that this was proposed by the Senator j
from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt] anil accepted by my- I
self as a substitute for my amendment. I saw the j
manuscript before it was submitted to the Senate, j
and agreed to accept it. But when I afterwards j
saw it in print, I perceived a word inserted which ;
I had no recollection of having seen before; and, j
on leaking again at the manuscript, I found tha ,
word "lawfully" had been introduced by inter-
lineation, the Senator from Maryland having,
as I am informed, agreed to its introduction, be-
cause he regarded it as not affecting the meaning
of the original language. Now, i wish to say
that had that word-been in the manuscript when
presented to me, Iwould have rejected it. It has
suggested to me the possibility of a future conflict
of construction, a difference as to what we mean
by this word "lawfully." Such possibility makes
it peculiarly the interest of the minority, and cer-
tainly the "duty of all to remove any ambiguity
which may exist. We here legislate under the
Constitution and laws of the United States. I re-
cognize no other authority, and claim all therights
to "which I am entitled under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and wilt not yield one
jot or tittle of them. If it is meant to be intimated
by the introduction of this word " lawfully " into
the amendment that the laws of Mexico shall be
supreme, above the Constitution and laws of the
United States, in territory belonging to the United
States- or to deny the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United Slates in such terri-
tory over all other laws, then, sir, let the issue be
made, and upon it, I am willing to go before the
country. I therefore propose a modification of
this language. I do so to meet that question, and
to put myself under the shield of the Constitution
of the United Slates. I modify the amendment
I by striking out the word " lawfully, ' and insert-
ing in Iieu°thereof, comformably to the Constitution
anil laws of the United States, held,in, or—so that it
will read:
"That nothing herein contained sliai] be construed so as
to prevent said territorial legislature from pa«fin  such laws
as mav be necessary for the protection of the riants of prop-
c'rtv of everv kind, which may have, been, or mav be here-
after c-onforinabh to the Constitution and laws of the United
State's held in, or introduced into said territory."
Leave being granted, the amendment was modi-
fied accordingly.
Mr. MASON addressed the Senate for an hour
and a'half, and was followed by Mr. FOOTE, in
explanation. Mr. CASS, Mr. BERRIEN, Mr.
CLAY, Mr. UNDERWOOD, and others, made
brief observations, which 'will be published with
Mr. Mason's speech, and will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, without concluding the
observations which he was making, yielded for a
motion to adjourn.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 28, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. SEDDON rose to a privileged question,
tie said his colleague from the Petersburg dis-
trict [Mr. Meade] iiad made an arrangement with
a gentleman from New York to pair off with him.
The agreement had yesterday escaped his col-
league's recollection, and he had inadvertently
voted on several occasions. He (Mr. S.) was
happy to say that his vote had caused no change
in any of the decisions made by ihe House; but
still his colleague was desirous that this arrange-
ment should be observed in the strictest manner;
he (Mr. S ) therefore, at the instance of his col-
league, requested that the Journal be corrected by
erasing his colleague's name wherever it was re-
corded yesterday.
The SPEAKER said the Journal would be
amended accordingly if no objection was made.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
The Journal was then approved.
Mr. CONRAD rose and said, he held in his
hand certain resolutions adopted by the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana, at their recent session, upon a
subject of very great importance to that State not
only, but to Arkansas, Mississippi, and probably a
part of Tennessee. He asked that the resolutions
be read, and he hoped that the very great import-
ance of the subject would induce this House to
allow the resolutions to be introduced merely for
the purpose of refeiring them to their appropriate
commutes.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
Mr. CONRAD. I ask that the resolutions be
read, and gentlemen can then determine.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection the
resolutions will be read.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
So the resolutions were not read or received.
  TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr BOYD (chairman of the Committee ora
Territories) called for th® regular order of busi-
ness. This day, he believed, had been set apart
for the consideiation of territorial business He-
moved that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
take up Ihe territonat bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
House that to-day and to-morrow have been set
apart by the order of the House for the considera-
tion of the business relating to the Territories.
The question was taken and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the V/hole oil the state of the Union >
(Mr. Strong, m the chair.)
The Chairman stated that by previous order of
the House, this day antl to-morrow had been set
apart for Territorial business. The practice of the
committee, he believed, had been to take up the
business in the order in which it was moved b-y
the Delegate or the Chairman of the Committee,
though the rule, if it were strictly enforced, required
that ?t should be taken up in its order on the cal-
endar.
Mr. BOYD. I think the business may as well
be taken up in its usual order as it stands on th$
calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. That course will be pur-
sued.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN MINNESOTA AND
OREGON.
The first bill on the calendar was the biU " to
make further appropriations for public buddings
m the territories of Minnesota and Oregon."
[Section 1, appropriates $20,000 to each of tbe
said territories for the erection of penitentiaries.
Section 2, authorizes the expenditure of an ap-
propriation made by section thirteen of the act af
March 3, 1849, for the erection of suitable public
buildings at the temporary seat of goverhment of
Minnesota.
Section 3, appropriates $20,000 m addition to-
former appropriations for the erection of suitable
public buildings at the seat of government of Ore-
gon.} .
Mr. SIBLEY said that there was wishm the litaHs?
of the entire Territory of Minnesota no place of
confinement for criminals—a fact from which they
were suffering great inconvenience. In the case
of Iowa, |35,000 had been appropriated for a pen-
itentiary.
I He moved that the bill be laid aside to be re-
I ported, with a recommendation that it pass.
A bnef conversation occurred between Messrs.
White and Sibley, in which Mr. White sug-
gested that some amendment should be made to
sccure a suitable and fair accountability for the ex-
penditure of the money.
Mr. PRESTON KING said that the bill pro-
vided that these appropriations should be expended
under the direction of the Governor of the respect-
ive Territories.
Mr. WHITE (not having an am^dment pre-
pared) gave notice that he would offer one to the
House.
The bill was laid aside to be reported with a
recommendation that it pass.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
; The bill to provide for the construction of cer--
i tain roads in the Territory of Minnesota was next
i taken up.
I The bill was read. It appropriates as follows:
i " For the construction of a road from Point Douglass, on
i tbe Mississippi river, via Cottage Grove, Stillwater, Marine
I Mill-, and Fails of St. Croix, to the Falls or Rapids of tbo
| St Louis river of Lake Superior, fifteen thousand dollais;
' for the construction ol a road from Point DouslasS, viaCol-
\ ta e Grove, lied Keck, St. Paul, and Falls ot St. Anthony,
to"Fort Gains, ten thousand dollars; f.,r Ihe eonstinotion
! of a road from the mouth ot Svvari river, or the mn-t availa-
' ble point between it and Sauk Rapids, to the Winnebago
agency at Loin; Prairie, five thou-and dotars ; for ihe eon-
' suuotion ol a road from Wabashaw to Mendoia. five thoil-
sand dollars; and for the survey and laying out of a uuhtaiy
I road Irom Mendot.i to the month of Big Sioux river, on the
Missouri, five thousand dollars; The said roads lo be «-mi-
| structed under the directum of Ihe Sticretaiy ot War, pursu-
|j ant to contract! to be made by him."
i' Mr. JONES moved that the bill be kid aside to
!j be reported, with a recommendation that it do not
,PS.
i He said that bills "of similar character to that
!' under consideration had been reported to this Houss
; in the cases of the former Territories of Wiscon-
