1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
of labor to be performed there which would be re-
quired m Oregon. He had proposed $>6,000 as the
lowest possible sum for which, in his opinion, the
business of the Government could be carried on.
If the Committee on Public Lands, or any other
gentlemen had any information showing that the
duties could be performed for a less amount, he
should be glad to hear it; he certainly should not
insist upon fJG,000, if the business could be done
for a less sum.
JVlr BROWN, of Indiana, interposed, and (the
floor being yielded) stated that for the surveyor
general's office, for the districts composed of
Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio, where there was not
so much labor, where the public lands were nearly
all surveyed, the appropriations from 1836 to 1848
were annually £8,600.
Mr. POTTER said he had supposed that the
Appropriations there varied from §8,000 to £11),000.
He knew that the clerks employed m the oftce at
Detroit were very faithfulmen, and he supposed
that $8,600 was but a fair remunerative compensa-
tion for the duues performed there. The business
in the ofiiee of the surveyor general in Oregon must
be much greater, and considering the extensive sur-
veys to be made, the records to be kept or lands
donated to settlers, , &c., he thought £6,000
was as small a sum as they could reasonably ap-
propriate for the performance of the services re-
quired by this biii.
Mr. SACKETT moved to amend the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Ohio, by stri-
king out u six,1' and inserting the word "ihiee,"
so that it should read $3,000. *
He moved this amendment for reasons which he
would briefly state. The expenditures which have
been made by Congress for the surveyor's office
in the western section of our country are for thri-
ving regions, where there is already a large popu-
lation, and a population which is rapidly increas-
ing, and where the demands for the public lands
are as extensive as the lands themselves. The
whole population of tiie territory of Oregon is not
computed at more than fifteen thousand, and for
some time to come, it is not probable that this pop-
ulation will be materially increased. There will
probably be no great or rapid influx of population
into thai teintory for at least two years to come.
There could not, therefore, in his view of the situ-
ation and circumstances of this territory, be any
necessity at present for thcappropriation of a larger
sum than that which he now proposed. If the
services to be perfoimed in the surveyor's ofiiee
should hereafter be found to exceed the calculation
he had now made, it would be easy to make provis-
ion for the extra labor. He thought, however, there
1vas very little probabili'y that the lands in the
Territory of Oregon will be required, for some time
to come, with such rapidity as to render u neces-
sary to enlarge the amount of the appropriation.
Mr. DUNHAM (Mr. Sackett yielding the
floor) suggested to the gentleman from New Yoik,
that the business in this territory which would re-
quire to bo executed in the surveyor's office,
would, at or^pe, be very considerable. By the pro-
visions of this bill great quantities of the public
lands are donated to families and individuals. It
will be necessary that ail the lands be surveyed;
and if the provisions in this bill are carried out
according to their import, in consequence of the
great inducements which will thus be held out, the
influx of settlers will be very great. If we, there-
fore, take into consideration the probable growth
of the population afier the passage of this bill,
and its increase in a few years, it will be evident
that the foice which would be authorized by the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio will
not be more than sufficient to secure the perform-
ance of the necessary duties of the office. He
believed six thousand dollass would be found
barelv sufficient to compensate the labor which
would be required, if we provide by this bill for
liberal grants of the public, lands to settlers, it is
important that the funds should be occupied as
speedily as possible, In order that people should
go on the fundi*, and settle and improve them.
- Mr. SACKETT resumed. The reasons which
had been assigned by the gentleman from Indiana
were not perfectly satisfactory to his mind, as
showing that there was any necessity for this
large appropriation. What is the condition of
things in the territory? There is no surveyor's
office there now. it will require a considerable
time, not Jess than six or tweiv8 months, to begin
fairly a system of operations under this bill. It
is known that the population of the territory at
present does not exceed fifteen thousand.
Mr. POTTER (Mr. Sackett yielding; the floor)
wished to ask the gentleman from New York a
single question. He made no objection whatever
to that gentleman's geneial notions of economy,
but'as he represented one of the military districts
of New York, he wished to ask that gentleman
what was the amount expended in the survey of
the military district which was represented by
him ?
Mr. SACKETT said he did not exactly know.
Mr. GOTT. Was it not six dollers the lot?
Mr. POTTER expressed a desire to know the
cost of these surveys'1
Mr. SACKETT replied that he believed it was
six dollars the lot, and that the lot comprised one
mile squire.
Mr. POTTER understood, then, that the cost
of these surveys was six dollars for every mile
equate. ' There were no subdivisions. This,
therefore, would make the aggregate expense
about $12,000.
Mr. SACKETT resumed. He did not see in
what manner this touched the question under con-
sideration. He knew not how it could affect this
question, whether more or less was paid for sur-
veys made in the State of New York—whether
too murh or too little had been paid. The ques-
tion before the committee was, shall we, in the
establishment of a surveyor general's office for a
teiritory, the whole population of which does not
exceed fifteen thousand, and where there is no
probability that there will be for some time to ■>
come any great influx of new settlers, give a :]
salary of $6,000 to the clerks of the surveyor ;i
general before there can be any actual commence- !;
ment of the duties of the office? In his opinion |j
$3 000 would be amply sufficient under such cir- jj
cumstances. There could be no necessity for any jj
great number of clerks at present. The surveyor
general will require some time to procure an
office, to get the necessary books, and make all
the, preparations necessary for the commencement
of his duties. The duties of the clerks do not ex-
tend to the making of the surveys. They only
make the entfies It must occupy nt least six
months for the surveyor general to make as many
surveys as will keep an establishment of clerks
employed in making entries of them in the proper
books
Mr. JONES said he would send to the. Clerk's
table and have read, an amendment, which he in-
tended to propose to the bill. It was read as fol-
lows
i hardy, and industrious man, the occupant and
! owner of six hundred and forty acres of this land,
} without one dollar being paid into the Treasury,
| than that he should be required to pay $>800 for
1 such section of land.
| Sir, those who go there are entitled to this
1 bounty, this liberality, at the hands of the Gov-
; ernment; ar-d, in order to secure it to them, it is
I necessary that the Government should extinguish
; the Indian title to the public lands there; and when
i they have extinguished the Indian title, then the
| land should be surveyed and brought into the
market. And, sir, I do not know whether this
j bill provides that the settlers there shall have pre-
j emption rights to the lands they occupy. There
; ought, at all events, to be such a provision; for I
I am decidedly in favor of secuiingto actual settlers
j the first choice of those lands, after they shall
I have been surveyed. There should be no pur-
| chase permitted by other persons before the settler
i has made choice of his section.
| It is necessary then to have a surveyor general,
i That is provided for in the first section of the bill.
I His salary has been voted upon by this commit-
• tee, and fixed at $2,500 per annum, which is not
by any means too large a salary, I think. But
the proposition which I have sent to your table,
and caused to be read by the Clerk to the com-
mittee, provides that no officer shall be appointed
under the provisions of this bill until the Indian
title to some portion of the country at least shall
have been extinguished. Until such is the fact—
until you have a provision in this bill that they
shall cede and surrender to you a portion of this
territory, you have no earthly use for a surveyor
general or hi* clerks in that country.
1 desire, sir, that we first acquire the Indian
title, and then, and not until then, will it be neces-
sary to send out these officers—the surveyor gen-
eral and his clerks; and he may then appoint his
deputies, as is customary, and proceed to survey
the lands and bring them into market; and let
those settlers who are already upon the lands se-
lect their sections or half sections as the brll may
provide.
Well, sir, there is a blank which has been pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio to be filled by
inserting $6,000. This is, as i understand it, to
meet the clerk-hire in the office of the surveyor
general. This appropriation 1 do not think prop-
erly belongs to this bill. It strikes me as being
somewhat inappropriate to it. . Why should we,
in this bill, fix the compensation of the surveyor
general's office ? It belongs more appropriately
to the general appropriation bill. But it is pro-
posed to insert in the blank $6,000, to meet the
expenses of clerk-hire. It will be recollected that
Proiiortly That nothing in thw net contained j-hall he
construed to nuihomc the appointment of anv of the j| ^7^^«nn^rinrinTinn U"r>ronosed fo'r"thi
pfir cr< herein provided torimtslthe Indian tithe to some nor-\\ Is aPPl°Prianon ls ProP°SCU lor tne ns^ai year
lion of the huh mi eouiunMn saul Oiegon teiritorj shallhave :i commencing on the first of July Of the present
been extinguished hytreaty. j. year, and terminating on the 3Jstof June, 1851.
IVTr. JONES ssid, he desired merely to remark, j: Now, sir, there is not one foot of land in that
for the information of the gentleman from Ohio, 'i country, as I understand, to which this Govern-
that be did not understand all the provisions of
this bill, but that there were some of them, and
perhaps the most of them, which he thought he
did understand; and that all those provisions
he was in favor of. In the first place, he was for
making as liberal donations to settlers in that
i country, of land theie, as any other man in that
House, or in the other wing of the Capitol. Prom
what little experience he had had in regard to the
settlement of new counties, he knew that the
hardy pioneers who cleared the country, paid
much dearer for the soil, if ihey were made a pres-
ent of it, than did those who came years after-
wards, and paid them twenty, thirty, forty, oi> was done, as is s-aid by a gentleman near me, in
ment has acquired a title from the Indians. Then,
until we have such a title,—until the treaty ceding
it shall have been sent here and ratified, what
necessity can theie be for appointing and sending
out a suiveyor general ? Fori have no idea that
any one of those hardy and adventurous citizens
of the West, who have gone and settled in that
new country, will meet with the good fortune to
receive the appointment of surveyor general at
the hands of this Administration. I will venture to
say, that some political favorite will be franked out
to Oregon under a military escort, perhaps, to exe-
cute the duties of this office of surveyor general. It
fifty dollars per acre for the same land.
You may go, sir, (continued Mr. J.,) into any
! new country within this-Confederacy, and inquire
; for those who settled the country—for those who
felled the for rest-—who brought the wild land un-
der cultivation, and you will find, sir, that, before
they had gotten those lands well prepared for cul-
tivation, they themselves were broken down and
worn out; that premature old age had rendered
them unfit for, and incapable of, the cultivation of
the soil; the clearing of which had exhausted and
destroyed all their physical power and ability.
Then, sir, I am for giving to the people who
may go there now, or who may go there for years
to come, a liberal, or a bountiful donation of the
soil; and, sir, I am myself satisfied, that it would
be the very best disposition that could be made of
it. I would far prefer, sir, having an honest,
the case of the collector of San Fiancisco; and, I
might add, it has been done in cases of Indian
ll agents. Now, I would say, that before we can
},' get a treaty with the Indians, although we may
:i pass this bill, and acquire their titles to the lands,
; the next fiscal year, for which this appropriation
is proposed to be made, will have expired; and if
! my amendment shall be adopted, not a dollar of
j the money can be used, until it can be used with
; propriety. The money will then remain as an un-
; expended balance in the Treasury, subject to the
order of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, or of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
according as it may be required to carry out the in-
tention of the bill.
I can see no necessity, then, for making an ap-
propriation in this bill to meet these heavy ex-
penses. We should, however, give the subject us
