1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
but have not had an opt ortunity to perfect their
allcaiatir-e.
Mr. HALL. I will a Jc my colleague what
objection there could be to requiring those persons
{o be either naturalised, or to signify their inten-
tion to become citizens before a title should be
vested in ihem ?
Mr BOWLIN. I have no objection to such a
provision.
Mr. HALL. ' I understand, then, such an
Amendment would meet the views of my col-
league, and the amendment which the gentleman
from Kentucky has it in contemplation to pro-
pose, makes this requisition, that, before the-title
is perfected, the individual shall either become a
citizen or signify his intention so to do.
Mr. BOWLIN. If the amendment of Ihe gen-
tleman from Kentucky proposes such a provision
! am in I'avor of it. But I am opposed to any
provision which would exclude from the benefits
of this act those people who are now cultivating
farms in Oregon.
Mr. THURSTON. Will the gentleman ailow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BOWLIN. Certainly.
N. Does I
to the action of the committee?
Mr. BOWLIN. i do. '
Mr. THURSTON. I apprehend that there ,
was not a single member of the committee, with i
the exception of the gentleman from Missouri ;
arid the gentleman from Illinois, who was in favor .
of giving lands to the servants of the Hudson's
Bay Company.
Mr. BOWLIN. I do not know what consider-
ations operated with the committee when this
amendment was adopted by the committee. So
far as I am concerned, t have done nothing to
favor the Hudson's Bay Company; I care as little
about them as the gentleman himself, so that he
can make but little out of any such suggestion as
that*
I am not in favor of making grants of land to
the Hudson's Bay Company. What t say is, that
I am opposed to any provision that will make
those who are actual settlers and cultivators of
Dr. McLaughlin has been tbeir chief fugleman,
first to cheat our Government out of the whole
country, and next to prevent its settlement. He
has driven men from claims and from the country,
to stifle the efforts at settlement, in 1845, he sent
an express to Port Hall, eight hundred miles, to
warn the American emigrants that if they attempt-
ed to come to Willamette they would all be cut
off; they went, and none were cut off. How,
sir, would you reward Benedict Arnold, were he
living ? He fought the battles of the country, yet
I by one act of treason, forfeited the respect of that
country. A bill for his relief would fail, I am
sure; yet this bill proposes to reward those who
are now, have been, and ever will be, more hostile
to our country—more dangerous, because more
hidden, more jesuitical.
i Now, sir, 1 was instructed by my Legislature
| to ask donations of land to American citizens
only. The memorial of the Oiegon Legislature
was reported so as to ask donations to settlers, and
that word was stricken out and citizens inserted.
This, sir, I consider fully bearsmeout in insisting
that our public land shall not be thrown into the
hands of foreigners who will not become citizens,
and who sympathize with us with crockodile tears
only.
I can refer you to the supreme judge of our
Territory, for proof that this Dr. McLaughlin
refuses to file his intention to become an American
citizen. If a foreigner would bona fide file bis
intentions, I would r.ot object to give him land.
But our case in Oregon is peculiar. There are
many Englishmen, members of the Hudson's Bay
Company, who would file tlieir intention merely to
get the land and then tell you to whistle. Now,
s'ir, I hope this House, this Congress, this country
will not allow that company to stealthily get pos-
session of all the good land iq Oregon, and thug-
keep it out of the hands of those who would
become good and worthy citizens. Those foreign-
era in Oiegon, who have left the company, or
shall leave it, and prove their love of our country
by completing their final oath of love and allegi-
ance, should have an appropriation, and be taken
into the fold of American citizenship—aye, sir,
should have a donation of land; but lam not forgiv-
ing land to Sandwich Islanders or negroes. I have
ntT fears in defining my position here. Our Legis
lature passed a law at its fiist session, excluding
free negroes; that law I approve, the people there
approveit; the Canakers and negroes, if allowed to
come there, will commingle with our Indians, a
mixed race will ensue, and the result will be wars
w-— ^
lo th? j ^'pr,ryn. : ^ j, ;i,.y■
nothing about them- I do not know one of them. -    thR lar^st nossiole interest ■ ana nence am w    ;iL
But history informs us, that there are retired ser-
Lands, remarking, that if it stood as originally
proposed, it seemed to him it would answer the
purpose quite as well, and that the amendments
were quite unnecessary, and ought'to be voted
down.
The fourth section was accordingly read, as in-
serted above. *
Mr. MARSHALL. The clause, as it origin-
ally stood, applied to every man who resided
there, whether he was a cultivator of the soil or
not. As it at present stands, it applies to actual
settlers and occupants of land. That is the differ-
ence.
Mr. BROWN". I perceive the difference.
Mr. THURSTON. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
explain. I wish to be distinctly understood, that
I am not opposed to giving land to any foreigner
provided he likes our Government weH enough to
become a citizen. If he does not, he ought not to
expect it. When a foreigner comes among us,
and becomes a naturalized citizen, I hold he is our
brother, and should be treated in all respects as
though he was native born. I am opposed to the
amendment of the Land Committee, because, first,
it would give land to every member of the Hud-
son's Bay Company, who are precluded from be-
coming American citizens while a member; and
second, because it would give land to every mem-
ber of the Puget's Sound Agricultural Company,
who have their farms and lands confirmed to them
by the treaty of }846;and thirdly, because it would
give land to every servant of the Hudson's Bay
Company, including some hundreds of Canakers,
or Sandwich Islanders, who are a race of men as
black as your negroes of the South, and a race,
too, that we do not desire to settle in Oregon.
Whatever falls into the hands of these men would j
be just so iarge a windfall to the Hudson's Bay i
Company. If we are to give tends, let it be to 5
American citizens by birth and those who will be- j
come so by naturalization. t
Mr. BOWLIN invited the gentleman's atten- !
tion to the proviso to the section, and read it. j
Mr. THURSTON. Exactly what I said be- j
j fore. Article third of the treaty has to do with ]
muse wnu  ic ou«a.    -- ' the possessory rights of the Hudson's Bay Com- j
Jand in Oregon, likely to be jumped or superseded ;! pany and all British subjects. But article fourth
in their rights, and that is what the committee m- ;j of that treaty says nothing about the possessory :
tended by this amendment—to prevent the taking ;! rights of the Puget's Sound Agricultural Lompa-
awav from those who have made improvements ;i ny; it merely speaks of their lands and farms,
upon land in Oregon, those improvements, and ,1 Now, your proviso simply prevents those whose
eivinc them to others. I want to protect all who i| possessory rights are spoken of in article third of
Ire settled there, without any distinction, except ; the treaty, from taking lands by virtue of this bill,
that they shall be free white persons. That is - and still hold on to their possessory nghts. out it
the object.
vants of the Hudson's Bay Company, who are set- :
tied upon farms in Oregon. ■
We provide in the fourth section, as follows:
" Provided, howeier, That this section shall not be focon- ;
struct! as to allow those damnum possessory rigiils under ;
thetieaty with Great Britain, relative to the Cream Tern- ;
tory, to claim both under the grant and the treatv, but mere- ,
lv to secure them the election, and confine them to a single ;
grant «t land."
And in the next section it is provided as follows: ;
"Pro* vied, aluuys, That no person shall ever receive a ;
■patent for more than one donation of land 111 said territory, j
ht tus or her uwn right." '
Now, if there are men there holding possessory
rights under our treaty with Great Britain, they j
ca*n take nothing under this bill; but if there are j
settlers who are not American citizens, but who :
have settled there, and have cultivated their farms, jj
I do think it would not be serving those people !
mht to lay them liable to have their improved
farms taken from them. And then, when we
come to the next section, we require them to pro- ■
ceed to perfect their allegiance; and those who go .
hereafter will be aware of what will be required j
of them. If there is any such case, as I have al- j
luded to in Oregon, where a man who is not an -
American citizen, has been cultivating the land, ;
and making improvements thereon, he ought to j
be protected; and if there is no such case, still, the
' i. . I    ! r\n nni'lioillflr
s E!?s 1 • ; SK -*«.;s.^
t. bss sasswsss fissss
*JW83esfiR&AJiss II WfaBSSf —• ft"T
Mr. BOWLIN made some remarks on what
bad fallen from the gentleman from Oregon. Ha
1* I ^ . .L « .LA tJT .tilAnn 't
stood provided for making a donation to every
settler and occupant. He desired to limit it to
American citizens and to foreigners who had filed
their intention of becoming citizens. IIow, then,
could his amendment be construed to make dona-
tions to foreigners who had no intention of be-
coming American citizens?
Mr.'THURSTOiV. I think I understand the
gentleman's amendment. I will come to that by
and by. I have said that the bill as reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, would give
donations of land to Canakers. I did not mean that I
the gentleman's amendment would do so. I ap- '■
prove of that amendment as far as it goes, but 1 ;
hold that he should first be required to complete '■
his naturalization before the title absolute should <
vest in him. We want citizens in Oregon who
will take a part in our Government and laws; and
the lands there, we think, should belong to those
citizens. It is no hardship to require a completion
of naturalization before the donation is completed.
There is no foreigner who would object to this,
said he knew nothing about the the Hudson s Bay
! Company, but he believed there were many set-
tlers in Oregon who had been therefor years, ana.
had never been able to perfect their titles. He had no
idea of permitting these persons to be ejected after
expending the labor of years in the cultivation of
their trac?s. It was for persons ol this class that
he desired to make provision. The gentleman
from Oregon had talked about Dr. McLaughlin
and Sandwich Islanders, and other people, of
whom he (Mr. B.) knew nothing. But he would
test the matter by moving to amend the bill by
introducing the words " free while," so as to
cover the whole of the settleis who had a right to
be protected. . ,
Mr THURSTON expressed his entue willing-
ness to five lands to all who were naturalized citi-
zens, 0A0 all who were willing to become natural-
ized, and had made a declaration to that effect.
He was willing to give lands to all who loved our
mterest in this matter, but I desire that-no man, And as to the is ^lU'of'thoHudso'n's Bay Company,
whether American citizen or otherwise, shall be r Company, nicntioned b5 the en , Mr. THURSTON said that the ar
vision can do no harm. 1 have no particular Government,
for to refuse to complete one's naturalization would j. --- ^ jl m ticrht for her.
be manifesting a hosulity to our Government an n coun ry ^ ^-^ n ^
laws by no means recommending a bounty by that I Mr. BU v th nlIeman does not.
„„™. ,h. Hudson's Roy :! HW <•& "«« !*«  
amendment
whether American citizen or otherwise, snau ue r y of no Mr THURSTOiN saui that me
unnecessarily driven fioni his possessions.. ,, souri, [Mr. Bowlin,] I have J ;| exc|u(jinsr persons who were the servants of the
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, asked for the reading ;j humbug *h« j, B&y Co[npany WMldnot«owr more than
of the bill as reported by the Committee on Public J ring against
