1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
those who are actually servants now. When they
haye been discharged from the service of the com-
pany they can no longer be regarded as servants
in esse. .
Mr. CARTTER said, the gentleman from Mis-
souri wished to give our public lan'da to British
subjects, and he was opposed to that.
IVlr. BOWLIN made some reply, which was
imperfectly heard. He was understood .ts reit-
erating it as his principle to secure the rights of
those who had been settled on their lands tor
years, under the expectation that the Government
would ultimately make provision for them. He
agreed that they, ought to have sworn allegiance ^
to-bur country. The objections to the Sandwich ij
Islanders he was ready to meet by moving to in- d
sert the words 14 free white.'' I"Ie required only .j
that they should file a declaration of their inteti- ;
tion to become citizens. That was sufficient lor !|
him. _ . , ij
Some conversation here toofe place, in whicn
Mr. FJTCH, Mr. EVANS of Maryland, Mr. j
THURSTON, and Mr CARTTER participated, j
The,conversation related to the possibility, that [
under this act and the treaty with Great Britain, 1
those who were provided for by the latter miijht I
have the power to locate double tracts of land, j
and it was considered desirable that the bill should i
be so guarded as to prevent any practice of this j
kind prevailing under the provisions of the bill. |
Mr. CROWELL asked, What was the ques- j
tion ?
The CHAIR desired the Clerk to repeat the ,
amendment; and it was repeated, as follows: j
" Being a citizen of the United States, or levins made ;
a declaration according to law of Ins intention to become j
a citizen " !
Mr. BOWLIN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, that his proposition cuts off
all those who have not already filed their declara-
tion. Let the individual make his declaration to
become a citizen.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman had read
the bill he would have seen that, up to the year
1850, there is a reservation of the right of the ac-
tual settler.
Mr. DUNHAM made a remark, understood
by the reporter to be, that there were courts of rec-
ord, before which declarations could be filed by
those who wished to become citizens.
Mr. FITCH. If the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky to the amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands, is adopted, I take it
for granted this amendment is no longer suscepti-
ble of amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It will still be subject to
amendment.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from XCentucky, (Mr.
Marshall,) and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOWLIN. 1 propose now to insert the
words " free white" befoie the word " settler."
Mr. POTTER. I desire to send to the Chair
an amendment, which, I hope, will be adopted. It
is, to strike out, in section four, line eleven, from
the word "half" to the word " one," in the fit- !; adopted.
there. I can see no necessity for making the dis-
tinction. I shall propose, as an amendment to the
fifth section, that all settlers, whether married or
single, shall have a donation of a whole section of
land.
Mr. BOWLIN. We have not yet reached the
fifth section. My amendment^will be first in
order.
• The CHAIRMAN repeated that the amend .
ment of the gentleman from Ohio was not now in
Older, inasmuch as it was not an amendment to
that portion of the bill now under consideration.
Mr. BOWLIN. I now propose to insert the
words " free white."
Mr. SACKETT. I hope the amendment wil
not be adopted.
Mr. BOWLIN. I will suggest to the gentle-
man, that if he had listened to the remarks that
have been made, he would have seen the necessity
for the amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. I assure the gentleman from
Missouii that 1 can see no necessity for it. And
I can see no propriety in the kind of legislation
that discriminates in regard to color. 1 can see
no necessity, sir, for any such provision in this
i bill. I can see nothing, sir, in the nature or con-
stitution of man, in the exigencies of the country
we are legislating in relation to, that can justify
this odious distinction. There is no reason for
such injustice, sir, that commends itself to my
mind, or that makes such legislation appropriate.
Free white citizens, sir! Why, if there is any
occasion for the bounty of the Government—any
necessity for the disposition of the public lands as
a o-ratuity for the benefit of individuals, let them j
•>■0 where they are most needed, and on that score
you would naturally say the discrimination should ]
be the other way. Surely there should be no
such injustice done as is proposed by this amend- 1
ment. 'And I am very, very sorry, to see a dispo- i
sition on the part of the Delegate from the Terri- [
tory itself sanctioning or promoting such a pro- j
vision as this. |
Mr. THURSTON. The gentleman has alluded I
to my position upon this subject. Let me state, ]
sir, for lhe information of the House, that the peo-
ple of Oiegon Territory so dread the introduction
of the negro race into Oregon, that, atthe last ses-
sion of the Legislature, they passed a la v prohib-
iting the introduction of any free negro into the
country. This they considered necessary, as a
matter of protection to themselves against the in-
jurious influences which are exercised over the
Indian race, inclining them against the whites.
Mr. SACKETT. The kind and character of
legislation of Oregon upon the subject of what
their population shall be, is a thing which belongs
exclusively to themselves; it is a thing with which
we have nothing to do. But, sir, in any legislation
touching national property—touching the disposi-
tion of what belongs to the nation—shall there be,
at this early stage of that legislation, in reference
i to Oregon, a discrimination in favor of a portion
j! of the citizens of this country,and against another
ii portion? I hope the amendment will not be
teenth line; and, after the word "acres," in the
sixteenth line, to the word " office," in the tuen- j
tieth line; and, also, to strike out the word " mar-
ried," in the twentieth line, so as to give to each :
settler or occupant, whether maiiied or not, who
may conform to the provisions of this act, one t
section, or 640 acres ofland. ;
The CHAIRMAN stated, that the pending [
amendment was that reported by the committee, i
While up, sir, I wish to say a few words upon
another point, which is intimately connected
with this subject. There may be something pe-
culiar in the relations occupied by the Hudson's
Bay Company, or those who have been in the
emuloy in that company, which might make an j
exception in reference to this company or its em- |
ployees desirable. 1 have no information regard- i
in" it; but, so far as our legislation is calculated to '
The previous question being demanded, by Mr.
GOTT, it received a second, and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. WHITE inquired whether the mam ques-
tion would not be first on the amend ment proposed
by him in committee, and adnpted t
The SPEAKER said, no amendment had been
reported to this bill from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The main question now being on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, it was
put, and carried in the affirmative. The bill being
engrossed, it was read the third time and passed.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the House
adjourn. The question was put and determined
in the negative.
The bill to provide for the construction of cer-
tain roads in the Territory of Minnesota being
next in order.
The question was first upon concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
iti their amendment requiring the Governor to
report to Congress the manner of the expenditure
of the appropriations.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the bill on t e table.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
negative.
The previous question was called for by Mr.
GOTT, and the House being divided to ascertain
whether there was a second, it appeared that there
were—ayes 62, noes 28—no quoium voting.
Tellers were cal ed for.
Mr. BURT said it was obvious that there was
no quorum; he therefore moved that the House ad-
journ.
: The question was put and agreed to, ana the
House adjourned accordingly.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HIL! IAHD : The petition of James Abercrombie,
a director of the Girard R.iilro.id t nmpany, asking eertaia
unvileafis in reeairt l" tile putilicjamtx.
By Mi. KAUFMAN: TJie memorial of Ashbet Smith and
otiiers, physicians ol the State of Texas, prajing Congress
tu enact that lhe grades of medical officers of Hie navy ^tia'S
lie of the -anie ilegiee of rank, relatively, as the medical
otiiccr* of the nrmy. ,
By Mr. PHELPri: The memorial of A. M. Julian and 133
other*, citizens oi Missouri, praying that lhe provisions of
lhe laws granting bounty lands to the soldiers who served in
the war with Mexico, may he extended so as to urdn£
liomily lands to the men composing a regiment of mtantry
called into service from the State of Missouri m 1H47, and
which was disbanded shortly alter it was mustered into
sei vice.
Also, the petition of John B. King and 62 oihers, citizens
of McDonald county, Missouri, prajmg for a po.t-route
from Neosho via Uamion's Mill, Pnteviile, and VVhlte-
; Roek Prairie, to Btnlniuilie, Arkansas.
I Also, the pelitionot William Hemy and41 others, citizens
I of Missouri and Arkansas, pravuii? for a mail-ionle from
I Forsyth, Missouri, via Hussar's Prairie, Carroll eounly,
| and 'Marshall's Fraiue, marion county, to Lebanon, Ar-
I k"ansas.
j Aho, the memorial of Henry O'Reilly, praying permission
to extend the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph line through lhe
! public domain, and that the present military foice may bs
so distributed along the line a-to protect all eihzens who,
1 like himself, mayilesneto efltct communication over the
public domain, fiom the fron'iers of Missouri, through Ne-
braska and Deseret, lo California.
By Mi. CHANDLER: The petition of William Robinson,
HarmarD nny, II. Smyser, and many other citizens ot
and that unless his amendment referred to the j cut off the hardy pioneers—the early settlers of
i . i  : ; >. ... ..I.I „ • : . t .  ...  ... 1. - 1..  r_... c~.... „ „ „ > „ « _
amendment of the committee, it would not be in
order. j!
Mr. BOWLIN. I wish to amend the amend- i!
ment of the committee by adding the words " free SI
white," before the word " settler." j;
Mr. POTTER. Do I understand the Chair to '■]
Bay that there is an amendment now pending? If !i
not, I desire to state the effect of the amendment,
which 1 will send up, in order that the House may j;
understand it, and save the necessity of having it !
read. This fourth section provides, that a single !
man going to the Territory of Oregon to settle, shall
have a donation of half a section; and that a mar-
ried man shall have a whole section. The object ,
of my amendment is to do away with that distmc- !
tion. There are few men who go to Oregon now, :
who do not carry families along with them; al- j
though some go, and marry soon after they get I
that country, who have for four years past occu-
pied and cultivated lands there—so far as our legis
jr., Hacinar D nnv, it. smyser, ami many cmiai-ii> wi
Vit^hurgh, Pennsylvania, asking that there may be such a
modification of the tariff of 1846, as will protect the indus-
try of the country.
Also, the petition of J. S Silsby ami othrr citizens of Phil-
adelphia, asking for a uniform rate of po'tage on all pitpaid
If ttrTf, of two cents per In.If ounce, atl d stance--.
Also, the petition of Geoice W Norm and many other
surgeons and physicians of Philadelphia, asking for assiim-
]a:ed rank to medical officers in the navy.
By Mr. PITMAN : The petition of Joseph M. Fnck and
132 other citizens of Schuylkill county, PenriM lvania, a-k-
lation is calculated to cut off those who have gone ; hic Congress for an immediate modification 01 the existing
there and so lived and cultivated the land from I! p,tihon of William Brf.ti.ii. and 42 other citi-
other portions of the world, without having first
gone through the formula of naturalization, i, for
one, am entirely opposed to any such limitation.
If the lands are to be given away, Jet them go to
the actual settlers, who have occupied them ac-
cording to the bill, come from where they may.
On mofion by Mr. THOMAS,
The committee rose, and reported its action to
the House.
Mr. SIBLEY asked thjat the bills reported from
the committee be put upon their passage.
The SPEAKER stated that the first bill was
that making: further appropriation for public build-
ings in the Territories of Oregon and Minnesota.
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking Confess
foi an immediate modification of the txiMmg tauft h\w>.
Also, Hie petition oi Thomas N. Potts and 48 otlit rcitizens
of Schu>lkill county, Pennsylvania, at-king Congress for an
immediate modification of exiting tariff laws.
Al^o the petition of Cornelius Harper and 56 other citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pcmis\ Ivama, a^lung Congress
for an immediate modification of e;u.-lmg tariff laws.
Also, the petition ol H 'tiry Daniels and 69 other citizens
of Schujlkiil county, Pcnimlvai.m, a-kmg Oongre*-s for an
immediate modification o! exi-Uin? tariff laws.
Also, the petition of It. Phillips and 95 other citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsvh ania, asking Congress for an
immediate modification existing taiifi law*.
Ai>o, the petition of Thomas William^ and 84 other citi-
zens of Schnylktll county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress
for an immediate modification of existing tariff lavve.
