1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Ewing. I now reaffirm all I said in that letter, (which I
tuppose you etui obtain by application 10 Mr. Ewiii«.)
i take great pleasure in acknowledging an acquaintance
with you for twenty-five years, which acquaintance has with
the increase of years ripened mtoat'nendship tor you (pred-
icated upon high inoial wortli) that will be a** lasting with
«ne a.-* hie, as the ability to appreciate htgn character.
You state in jour note that you have done much business
with me a* an attorney while you were marshal, and des-ire
sny opinion as to that service. No one could have done the
business of the office of marshal hettei, nor could any one,
as T believe, have given more satisfaction. Being a Whig,
and as you state was one of the electors for this portion ol
<he tftatc, I observed very closely the course of the Demo-
cratic paity jii this State, and state with pleasure thai your
course while marshal was such that no one, as it seems to
me, could have properly raised an objection on account of
your participation tn the elections, unless perhaps your own
tarty, owng to the course of the party heretofore in this
tat' , might have complained because you did not actively
engnge in the election*. The course you pursued was such
as I approve of in all officers under the Government. While
you maintained your political opinions firmly, yet you did
not, so tar as I know, or heard, interfere m the elections
further than to vote.
You may make any use ofthis letter you may think proper,
lam, dear sir, 3'our friend, &c. JOHN S. BBIEN.
General J. B. Clvmcnts.
Mr. TURNEY. It seems, Mr. President, that
the letter of Mr. Brien sustains, in as strong lan-
guage as General Clements could desire, not only
his character for moral worth, but his character as
as an officer possessing energy, promptness, and
fidelity in the discharge of the duties incumbent
upon him as the marshal for his district. He also
goes ofi to acquit him from any possible charge of
interference lit elections, arid perfectly vindicates
him from this common and ordinary charge, which
is used as a pretext for depriving officers of then-
situations*, and he shows that these charges could
not possibly be alleged against General Clements.
My colleague, I am sure, will heartily endorse the
high character of the writer of this letter, and that
he is as able and firm a Whig as any to be found
in the State of Tennessee.
1 do not intend to detain the Senate by any at-
tempt to sustain thechaiacterofthis proscribed offi-
cer by any remarks or any eulogy of mine; fur that
woiiid be charged to the account of party consid-
erations, party feeling, or party devotion. I pro-
pose to sustain him by Whig evidence of the
highest character in the State; and by such testi-
mony to vindicate and acquit him of every possi-
ble charge that can be alleged against him, either
as to his official or his private character. And I
think my colleague will do General Clements the
justice to say, when I have done, that these charges
cannot be alleged against him; in other words,
that his removal cannot be said to be one founded
upon charges made out and sustained by proof, and
that therefore his case may be excepted from those
to which the remarks which he had the honor to
make on a former occasion applied. 1 now send
a letter to the Clerk's table, which I desire to have
rend, signed by Isaac Southworth and others, all
Whigs
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Faykttevillb, (Tennm) Dec. 27,1849.
Dear Sir: In rtply to your query ot t{ whether we were
s-ati?ftcd with you as a public otheer," we Irankly admit that
when the intelligence reached us hete that i\lr. Brown had
heen appointed your successor we doubted its authenticity,
for we had learned prcvioti?ly, with unmingled pit a&ure,
thai gentlemen ol both political parties in and around \Ta<h-
vdle had, with unusual unanimity, r< commend, d to the Ex-
ecutive to continue you in office. At thi.s we were not sur-
prised; for, having known you iritimatelv for many years,
uiid having had frequent opportunities of witnessing your
admirable business habits, as well as the suavity ot jour
manners and unwavering fidelity, we were prepared to be-
lieve that all or nearly all men whose business or pursuits
might bring them into contact with you, would desire that
you should continue to be the marshal of Middle Tennessee.
As Wings we were mortified to learn, subsequently, thatit
wa-4 indeed tiueth.it a man whom we hadasMs-ted to elevate
to the Presidency, because of his oft-deelared opposition to
" proscription for opinion's sake," had permuti-.d the united
recommendations of Whigs and Democrats in your behalf to
be unheard—or worse, to be disregarded. So tar as we know
we believe that theie is not a Whig among \our early asso-
ciates in Lincoln who would not have been fully satisfied
had >ou not been removed And, tor ouiselves, we take
this occasion to declare that ail we des-ire in regard to our
executive tederal offices is to tee them filled with men who
are known to be capable, honest, and faithful. And ot such,
we know you to be one.
With gieat and true regard, we are youi friends and fellow-
ciuzens. ISAAC SOUTffVVORTH,
ALFRED BEARDfiN, I,
WM. B. ROBiNtfON. j;
G^n. JesseClemexts. j!
Mr. TURKEY. I have but one other letter, 11
Mr. President, in relation to the case of General |;
Clements, and, without any comment upun it, I il
•will ask the Clerk to read it. i;
The Secretary read the letter accordingly, as b
follows: I;
Franklin, Dece?ni>er 17, 1849,
Dear Sir: Numerous pressing engagements have pre-
vented me from sooner replying to yours, m which you pro-
pound st-veral questions to me Mauve to yourremoval from
the office of marshal of the middle district, ol Tennessee, 8cc.
I frt-e,|y ree-pond to j,our inquiries by *a\ing that, in my
opinion, this community entertained the behel that you had
Faithfully performed the duties of that office, and that you
had abstained from improper interference in elections, and
from nil other official interference and improprieties, and,
consequently, the opinion prevailed that no change would
be made in that otfice until the arrival ol the period when,
under the provisions of the law, it would become the duty
of the President either to reappoint* you or appoint some
other person to fill your place. That"] am correct in this
opinion is evident from the fact that no steps were taken
here to forwaid the claim?, of a citizen of this place, whom
many of us believed to be well qualified for that office, aud
whom we intended to present to the consideration of the
President when the peiiod referred to should arrive. Hut
the expectations reterred to were changed some short time
since by rumors which reached us from Nashville of extraor-
dinary efforts to produce the impression at Washington
that you ought to be immediately removed, and a citizen of
Na-hville appointed m jour place. Apprehending that these
efforts might be successful, the friends of John W. Miller,
E<q., of this place, procured a strong recommendation for
bun, and forwarded it to the President, addressed to the
care of the Secretary of the Interior. It was foiwaided by
our Representative, Hon. M. P. Gentry, who addtessed a
hitter to Mr. Ewing in support of the recommendation. He
shortly afterward* received a letter fiotn afiiend informing
him that Mr. Ewmg had concluded that a removal ought to
be made foi thwith, and that Mr. Brown, of Nashville, ought
to be appointed in your place; and that he would recom-
mend your removal", and Mr. Brown's appointment, so soon
as tiie President returned from hi* northern tour. Upon re-
ceipt of tins information, Colonel Gentry wrote immediately,
asking that no action should be taken upon the subject until
he could have an opportunity of writing to General Tavlor
ou the subject. Mr. JEvving promised hi^ friend, through
whom he applied forthis pos-tponement, that nothing further
would be done in the matter until Colonel Gentry was heard
from upon the subject. Upon thi? as«urance Irom the Sec-
retary, the friends of Miller in (his vicinity were resting se-
curely and contentedly, when they were .wounded bv the
public announcementthatyou were removed and Mr. Brown
appointed. I need not say that such a breach of good faith,
such a violation of a specific promise, created a deep feeling
of indignation in this community. No explanation or apol-
ogy ha* been Given. When I add that the fr>ends of Miller
were ^©thoroughly impressed with the belief that you could
not be removed consistently with their princrp'es, \hat they
have throughout the whole affair declined even to recom-
mend, or in any way solicit your removal, I hope I will
have answered satisfactorily the inquiries of vour letter.
Your*, respectfully, S. S. iMAYFlELD.
J. B. Clements.
Mr. TURNEY. These letters are all from
gentlemen of high respectability in the State of
Tennessee, residing in the vicinity of the residence
of the marshal, General Clements. This last letter
also is from an adjoining county, the court houses
of the two being only about fourteen miles apart.
Thus we see what strong language is employed in
that community, and through the whole commu-
nity, by Whigs and Democrats, respecting: the
retention of General Clements in office. They
were all rejoiced on being informed that the citizens
of Nashviiie and vicinity had taken steps necessary
to have him retained in office. Sir, I would hazard
the expression of the opinion that not a solitary
Whig within the State could be found, who would
say that General Clements ought to have been re-
moved. 1 should hazard nothing by asserting
that not a solitary Whig could be found who
would pretend to say that ho was obnoxious to
any charge for which he should be removed, not
even to that of having interfered in elections. This
is strong language, but 1 have letters before me
equally strong, written by Democratic membeis of
the Legislature, signed, I believe, by all of them,
and all to the same effect. But these letters 1
choose not (o read; I choose to place his defence
upon the character given him by his political op-
ponents. 1 have many other letters from Whigs
besides those which have been lead, and I will
assert that this language, used and employed by
these gentlemen, is language which would be used
by all impartial men in the State, whether Whigs
or Democrats, and that no charge would lie at the
door of this gentleman, either with respect to hav-
ing interfered in elections, or anything else.
But I must be allowed to make a remark in
connection with this matter of proscription, as to
the description of persons appointed to fill the
places of those who have been proscribed for in-
terfering with elections. Does this Administration
select men who take no part in the elections of the
country? Is that the character of the men whom
they are in the habit of appointing in the places of
those charged with interfering in elections? Sir,
I apprehend that really constitutes no objection;
but it is on account of the side they espouse or
the party they advocate. I apprehend that the
class termed politicians are those uniformly ap-
pointed to office, instead of those gentlemen who
do not interfere in elections; and this Mr. Brown,
who i3 appointed in the place of General Clements,
is one of the most active and efficient politicians
to be found in that part of the State. I do not
urge it as any objection; I do riot consider it any
objection whatever, whether the man is a Whig
or a Democrat, when, in any election which is
going forward, he takes a part in carrying out his
particular principles. But General Clements is
not obnoxious to this charge; he has been proved
to be free from it, by Whigs themselves.
One thing further. I inquire of my colleague
what objections existed against Mr. Chester, who
was a marshal in the eastern district? If there
ever was any objection urged against him, I must
confess I have never heard of it. He resides
more remotely from my section of the State, and
consequently I have less acquaintance with him
and with his general character, or general course
as an officer; yet I must say 1 have never heard
any charge against him, even of interfering in
elections. Certainly Mr. Chester will be aston-
ished when he reads the remarks of my colleague
and finds that every removal ought to have been
made on charges sustained by proof; for 1 know
that Mr. Chester regarded him as his friend, and
believes that my colleague exercised his influence
to have him retained m office, and he so writes me
on the subject. However that may be, I have
never heard of any charge being made against
him. I believe he is a gentleman of high chaiac-
lerand standing; an efficient, honest, faithful officer;
one against whom no complaint was made, but
that he discharged his duty to the satisfaction of
everybody, Whigs and Democrats. So far as I
have heard, and from the general character of the
man, 1 have no doubt such was the fact.
There are one or two other removals to which I
will allude, but I will not attempt to travel over all
of them; for I believe removals have been made
from every important office, and none have been
permitted to remain in office except such as held
some office of no importance whatever. All others
have been filled by Whigs. A man by the name
of McNeily was removed from the office of post-
master, and I have remonstrances before me, signed
by every legal voter m the town and vicinity, in-
cluding Whigs and Democrats. My letters inform
me that this remonstrance was gotten up by Whigs
and signed by the.m, remonstrating against the re-
moval of Mr. McNeily. They set forth in this
petition that he is an old man; that he was in the
battle of New Orleans, where he was wounded, and
that he is now unable to labor for the support of
his family; that he is very poor, and made a most
excellent postmaster, and never imerfeied in elec-
tions. All these facts are set forth in this petition,
and joined in by the whole community in the vi-
cinity of his place of residence. He was removed,
as 1 believe, on account of some misrepresent-
ations at the Post Office Department. I have
thought that the Post Office Department was im-
posed upon, for I supposed they would not have
lemoved such a man if they had known all the
facts. After his removal, the ladies—a thing which.
I presume was never before heard of in the State
of Tennessee—ninety-six in number, got up their
petition and remonstrance against his removal, and
asking his restoration to office, reiterating all the
facts set forth by the voting portion of the com-
munity in the neighborhood. I took these papers
to the Post Office Department and presented them
to the Postmaster General, and asked him if he
would restore the man to office, and whether it was
necessary to file the papers? I was informed it
was unnecessary to file the papers, as no action
would be had upon the case. Whether . e was
imposed upon or not in the first instance, he had
then all the facts necessary before him, communi-
cated through the medium of Whigs and Demo-
crats, gentlemen and ladies. And 1 assert that it
requires an extraordinary case to call forth the ac-
tion of the ladies in that section of the country,
for they have not been in the habit of interfering
in politics, or sending to Congress or any depart-
ment of the Government any such petition. But
when such an outrage as this was perpetrated in
their own village—when they witnessed the pro-
scription of this man—when they saw an old sol-
dier, unable to support his family, and likely to be
dragged off to the poor-house, removed from a
small office—they raised their voice m remon-
strance.
