1650.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senator that he could not bring better g-riet to the
hopper of these fanatics to grind than this same
compromise bili of his. No, sir, by no possibility
could a measure be devised, thought of, or matured
that would better answer the purposes of these
miserable fanatics. Oh ! the wretches ! [Laughter.]
No; if there is anybody here that wants to give
them food let them pass this compromise bill, and
they would have enough. For what is this com-
promise? It seems that, in obedience to the old
saying that if-you cannot alter things you can
change their names, this bill is going to be rechris-
tened and styled the adjustment. Well, what is
this adjustment? What does it do? 1 have list-
ened to the speeches made by those who have
attacked it. I have listened very attentively, with
a good deal of interest, and with a good deal of
instruction, I hope; but I confess that notwith-
standing the largest decree of candor that I can
possibly bring my intellect to exercise, with the
greatest decree of charity for all mankind that I
can possibly fee), those gentlemen, who have
talked with an eloquence surpassing what I had
conceived to be possible, have failed to convince
me Chat they mean in their hearts togo against this
bill after all, and I think4 sir, I have seen the true
secret of this opposition. I disclaim the intention
of imputing hypocrisy to these gentlemen, but the
prophet has told us years ago that the human heart
is deceitful above all things, and may deceive even
ourselves if so deceitful as all that.
I will tell you what I think the secret of this
opposition is. This bill has been proposed, and
southern gentlemen have seen that the North have
snapped at it so greedily that they are trying to get
a little more. They have taken all the territory to
begin with, with no restriction, and devoted it all
to slavery to begin with. Then they have got the
fugitive slave bill to make hunting ground of all
the rest of the Union; pretty large liberty I should ;
think. They have got all that, and still they say
they are not satisfied. 1 was asking the other day,
in a friendly and half jocose manner, a southern
friend of mine, " what would you be satisfied
with?" " Now," says he, "I'll be candid with
you; if we can have California for slave territory,
with all the rest of it, and then take Cuba, we
would be satisfied for a little while, but not long."
Now I believe this man spoke more truth than
joke when he said that; at all events there was a
great deal of truth lurking in it. I admired the
candor with which he told me that they would not
be satisfied a great while even with that.
But to be serious. If gentlemen are not satis-
fied with this compromise bill, with this adjust-
ment, what do they want5 What have we got
that we can give them ? They contend that we
cannot legislate directly and absolutely to make
slaves or to introduce slavery; they ao not ask
that, because if we caq do that the converse of the
proposi.ion must be true too, and we may legislate
to abolish slavery. They will not ask that, be-
cause, to use a vulgar phrase, it would be cutting
their own throats. They simply say, u hands off;
let us alone." Now, sir, it is an error to suppose
that this doctrine of non-intervention is a new doc-
trine. It is not so. You will find that it is as
old as the New Testament. Theie was a certain
class that the Saviour once came to: "Letus
alone, let us alone," was theirrequeat. " Non-in-
tervention; we can take care of ourselves." That
is v. hat slavery asks to-day. " Let us alone. Do
not do anything. We will go into the tenitories,
and we wiil go when and where and how we please.
Let us alone. Hands off. Non-intervention is all
we a?k, and all that we can ask consistently with
our theory.''
Well, sir, this bill does all that. It gives them
the whole of that, and still they are not satisfied ;
with it. Now, I tell my friends from the North, '
if there is a singie one here that sympathizes with j
me in the least, they cannot be satisfied. When j
you have drank the cup of conciliation and con- I
ccssion to the very drpgs, they will not be satisfied j
)ori£. Lone:! No, not at all. We have conceded, j
arid conceded, and conceded, but concession only j
cfeates new demands. Who supposed four years |
ago that it would be seriously contended on the j
part of the advocates of slavery on this floor that !
Congress had no power to legislate m the terri- 1
tmies, when every page of our legislation, fiom
the adoption of the Constitution down to the close ;
of President Polk's administration, was covered
over with statutes recognizing and exercising the i
mm
right, and when the very last act of that Adminis-
tration was a distinct acknowledgment that it was
a constitutional exercise of power to prohibit sla-
very in the territories ?
A Senator. No, no.
_ Mr. HALL. Somebody say3 "no." Well,
sir, there is the act itself, and there is the approval.
1 lead it. I do not go to any subsequent mes-
sages explaining what the President would have
done under other circumstances, but I take the act
itself, with the prohibition in it, and I read, Ap-
proved, James K. Polk," under it. This legisla-
tion commenced with Washington, and commued
down to Polk; and there never was a tune when
the territories of the United States were not cov-
ered by this prohibition. Who that knew any-
tinng of the history of the country could nave
contemplated that the hour would ever arrive when
that, sir, whatever of censure or praise -arxy^smgfe
! Senator may have undertaken to apply, either to
j himself or others, from the poor remarks I made—
i and 1 disclaimed speaking for any onebutmy-
i self—it could not fall upon the Senator from Iowa,
j as 1 did not include that State.
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator could not
j properly have included Michigan, nor did 1 hear
| him pronounce the n&me of Delaware; but that is
i not material. I rose, Mr, President, to say, -as
i well to my constituents as to the Senate, that 1 «m
one of those Senators from a free State whocfeosse
; not to march under the oriflamme, or serve in fefce
army commanded by the gentleman from New
| Hampshire. 1 want that io go out to my con-
stituents, sir; and there are some other gentlemen
nnnn that si/*!® ttvo ,*^ t. 
upon that side of the Chamber, in his vicinity,
' of a coTiuutiona? Dd t0 le?!timate efe™se il cenahTfon^^
; of a constitutional power by thus Congress? - No, . ator from New Hampshire, touching the insUtu-
„ 10 Srty ' myself? anci 1 say 11 h "O1?3, °f tilis Government and the'great matters
, for myself and fur my constituents, that upon this ,
i question my motto is, "If the Lord be God, serve i
j him; but if Baal, serve him." There is, and there j
. can be legitimately no compromise upon the ques- !
, lion whether the American Government at this I
j day should place itself upon the side of freedom or (
i of bldvery. There can and there ought to be no |
| compromise between the questions whether or not
j slavery shall be extended into territory now free
i by the direct action of this Government. And,
! sir, for one, I shall vote against any motion which
j goes to wrap up the plain naked features of this
| pioposmun in the circumlocution of some amend-
ment about the meaning of which no two members
of the Senate can agree. 1 warn a disiinct proposi-
tion, and it the policy of thn Government ftom its .
foundation is to ue abandoned-, if the counsel ana '
experience of all past times are to be set at naught, j
anil if we are to-day to launch into the new experi- ■
ment of extending, no' the blessings of liberty, but j
the institutions of numan slaveiy,let it be known, !
and let gentlemen do the work, and do it openly j
and torwardly. If that is to be the price upon '
which the Union is to be preserved, let that issue, j
too, go out to the Amencan people, and I doubt |
not they will understand u. I doubt not that they !
«ill understand it from North to South, and from j
Last to West; and i believe that it is a libel upon '
the American people, or any oart of the people,
which have divided the people of this nation,
which I want my constituents, each and all, every
man of them, to know that I oppose, here and
elsewhere. 1 not only have no sympathy with
these new-fledged doctrines of the Senatorsalluded
to, but I intend to fight them", here and every-
where else, as long as i have a voice or a vole.
The time, in my humble judgment, has come
when the representatives and people from the fr-ee
State®, if they wish to p reser^e the union of these
States, must take a stand, a bold and deternnijved
stand, against the fell spirit of abolitionism. En-
couraged by its temporary triumphs growing out
of the annexation of Texas and the war with
Mexico, it now everywhere unmasks lUelf, and
seeks audaciously to control the voices and votes
of the fifteen non-slaveholdingStates of this Union,
and thus the whole Union. Now, sir, I take my
stand against if, and shall vote against the famous
Wiimot proviso; not that it is fairly to be con-
sidered an abolition measure, but because it is
used as a mask from behind which abolition seeks
to destroy the Constitution, and, as an inevitable
result, the Union. Nor will I be deterred, Mr.
President, from the performance of a high duty
which I thin-k I owe my country, by any denun-
ciations that 1 am the advocate or supporter of
slavery. No man is more opposed to it, in the
abstract, than I am; but, just as far as it forms a
portion of the Constitution of my country, I will
support it. Sir, the Senator speaks of the beauties
and glories of the ordinance of 1787, and wonders
;; living where they may, or in whatever States they
if may, to say that upon such an issue as that they
| are ready to venture upon the contingency of a o    v. ««« ««! * *- -
j: dissolution of the Union. I do not believe it, sir. jj how%t this day of progress antT enlighten men t
II i think more highly of the intelligence, as well as m there should be such determined opposition to it.-*
y the patriotism of the citizens of each and every of li reenactment. I think 1 can tell him. Sir, when
;i the States of this Onion. j: the immortal Jefferson first draughted that ordi-
Well then, sir, what is the use in spending time '
and multiplying words about amendments that
it seems no two gentlemen understand exactly
alike? I think, sir, that the terms of the provision
of the ordinance of 'ST are pietty well understood
by this time. We know what it means; we under-
stand it, and I hope and trust that before this bill
is through, we can all have the privilege and op-
portunity of voting upon a proposition that we
and the country understand.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator from
New Hampshire, sir, has upon several occasions
I, nance, and the great men of Virginia, like him,
were working to get rid of the evils of slavery,
j, there were then no intermeddling' Abolitionists
, to check and stop them from doing what they
, believed to be the best for mankind; for, had
:i theie been, we can plainly see from Mr. Jef-
ferson's letter in ld20, upon the subject of the
>\ Missouri controversy, how different his course
)• would have been; or, in other words, how soon
;; he would have been driven, as hundiede and tbou-
sands of other philanthropic and far-seeing states-
" men in the South have been, to take a stand for
: taken upon himself to lecture the Senators from if State rights and the rights of property. The early
; the free or northern States, and has usually called j| action of the Government and the great men of the
j upon them in a very bold and very significant man-
! ner, when various propositions have been pending
! before this body'at the present and last sessions of
j Congress, to have an eye to their loids and mas-
j ters; and he has announced that there are Senators
; from fifteen sovereign States of this Union who are
1 instructed to vote for this famous Wiimot proviso.
' Now, sir, I wish to know if the Senator from
: New Hampshire intended, by the insinuation, to
i say that my colleague and myself are instructed
[ to go for the Wiimot proviso?
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator want an answer
now?
Mr. DODGE. Yes. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. HALE. Well, Mr. President, I will say
that I did not understand that iowa was one of
the number. I said fourteen,
Mr. DODGE. And added, fifteen.
Mr. HALE. It was enough for the Senator to
ask the question. It is for me to answer it. A
, Senator near me, when I said fourteen, added,
" and Delaware, fifteen," and I then added it. So
South would have been what it now is, 1 appre-
: hend, under a sense of wrong. Had the spirit of
treason, in the shape of the original "Wiimot,"
shown itself m the Congress at that early day, by
I way of amendment to war and supply bills, for
, the purpose of striking down the right arm of the
country duiina; the existence of a bloody was; and,
if not intended, most certainly, m effect, driving
from the battle-field those gallant mpn from the
I South who were facing the cannon's mouth to
'' close in glory that war—had treason, I say, then
: shown itself with this measure, intended to enp-
j pie and disgrace our Government,and todnveour
[\ armies ingloriously from the batt!e-fiefd, I think
•: the early action of the Government would have
: corresponded with its recent action. Sir, theDe-
/ mocracy of Iowa took their stand ugamst this
. Wiimot proviso during that war, and have tri-
umphantly maintained it to the present day. She
boldly confronted this terrific engine of demagogues
during the late presidential election—^meeting it at
every stage and in every phase which it has &s-
sumed with opposition; whilst the Whig party,
