1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
who were supporting and endeavoring to elevate
the present President of the United States to the
high place which he now occupies, were every-
where singing hosannas and pseans of praise m
behalf of the glories of this justly celebrated pro-
viso. We went for a national democracy and
common platform; and this we knew we could
never have unless this firebrand was extinguished^
"We declared against anything of that sort, in-
tended, as we knew it was, to divide and ruin the
great Democratic party, if not the country, and
advocated by men in many of the States for the
purpose of riding into power and place upon a
miserable sectional hobby. And am I to be called
upon, sir, in defiance of the dying words of Wash-
ington, to minister to this sectional strife, this lo-
cal animosity—to vote for some Abolitionist for
President of this great Republic, simply because he
i3 one, and has mounted this free-soil hobby ? No,
sir, no; I think I hazard but little when I say that
young and patriotic Iowa will enhst under no such
banner, and do battle in no such cause. We are
Democrats, and believe that the people of the ter-
ritories are capable of self-government, and will
take care of themselves, without conditions or re-
strictions being fastened on them by Congress.
The Senator from New Hampshire chooses,
Mr. President, to travel off from the amendment
under discussion to denounce the different meas-
ures before the Senate intended to pacify the
country. He hits the fugitive slave bill, arid every-
thing else connected with this discussion. Sir,
the course of this Senatoi [Mr. Hale] and others
shows me that it is not the Wiimot proviso, or the
ordina ice, or the good government of the people
of the territories, that troubles them. It is time
that the honest hearted-people of this country
should know that this slavery question ha-3 been
seized upon by some persons to ride into high
places, by taking the most ultra ground, and such
as must destroy the Union if those persons be sus-
tained. It is not a question now, if it ever was, of
the extension of slavery, but it is question verging
to the worst consequences; an alienation of feel-
ing and brotherly love between members of the
same great nation. Sir, I hope not only to see the
Constitution preserved, but the Government ad-
ministered under it in the same spirit in which it
was formed; and that is the real question. But,
whilst the Senator from New Hampshire and
others affect to fight under the popular banner of
the ordinance of *87, the whole movement is a dis-
guised attack upon the institution of slavery at
every assailable point, the States included.
Now, Mr. President, repeating what I before
said, that I am opposed to slavery in every shape
and form, yet just so far as slavery is a part of the
Constitution of my country, I go for it here and
elsewhere. More than that, sir; I hope that I
scout the idea that any man who now owns, or
has ever owned a negro is to be rendered infamous.
This new-fangled doctrine would desecrate the
graves of the illustrious dead of our America, and
therefore 1 could never tolerate it. As for this
compromise, I will vote for it because I wish to
get the subject from before us. 1 am sick, sore,
and tired of it; and therefore, though this measure
is one that does not please me in all its parts, I
shall swallow it in order to get the subject out of
the halls of Congress.
Mr. HALE. I wa3 a little surprised to hear a
personal attack upon myself from the Senator from
Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand that there was anything personal.
Mr. HALE. I so understood it. For myselfv
I did not ask how the Chair understood it. I was
about to remark, that in the remarks with which i
troubled the Senate, I scrupulously avoided any-
thing like personal reflections on anybody or any- j
thing. In alluding to what was stated by the ;
Senator from Virginia, in addressing the Senate '
yesterday, that he had had his Senatorial discre-
tion taken away by the resolutions of his State, I
took occasion to speak of what is matter of his-
tory in regard to the Legislatures of other States, j
without certainly meaning to give any private ap- :
plication to anybody. But it seems that the Sen- j
ator from Iowa felt called upon to come to the
rescue, and defend himself or assail me—I do not ;
know which, and it is perfectly immaterial. But j
he seems to think that it was necessary to pro- |
claim to the people of Iowa that he is not one of j
my followers. Well, air, there must be a mighty ;
small amount of intelligence amongst the good peo-
ple of Iowa, if they want that information; and if
it is necessary, on this floor, or elsewhere, to no-
tify the people of Iowa that the honorable Senator
from that Stale does not follow me, or go side by
side with me, there must be a sad deficiency of
information as to what occurs, and as to what the
state of things actually is, to make such a proc-
lamation as that necessary to be made here or else-
where. I disclaim entirely the idea that I have
undertaken to lecture or to threaten any gentleman
representing any State in this Union. 1 have not
done so, but 1 think I have a right to speak of
history; and I read history to no advantage, if it
throws no light upon the future. I did say, some
days since, that the North were to be beaten upon
this subject. My convictions of it have not
grown any the less strong since, and i said, sir,
that weshould be beaten by northern votes. I wish
to Heaven, sir, I could alter that conviction now,
but I cannot. I foresaw from the beginning, and
I see it here as plainly as the hour advances, that
in this contest, as m every other that has taken
place in the history of this Government, slavery
will hoist the flag of victory, and we shall be
prostrate. And, sir, do not 1 know that if this is
done, constituted as these two bodies are, that it
must be done by northern votes ?
How is it in the House of Representatives?
There is a majority of something like forty from
the free States there. The Senate is equally di-
vided, with a presiding officer from the free States.
It requires but a very moderate acquaintance with
the very elements of arithmetic to know that if we
are beaten we will be beaten by northern votes—
by northern votes. Well, sir, 1 did express the
conviction, and I confess I have it still, that some
of these northern gentlemen, when they get home,
will find an uncomfortable atmosphere. I cannot
speak of the State of Iowa, for I never was over
the Alleghany mountains in my life. I do not
know how the wind blows in that State, and she
is not old enough to have much history on the
subject; but I do know the history of the past in
regard to our own locality. I began to make
some remarks the other day on this subject, when
an honorable Senator, whom I do not now see in
his place, [Mr. King,] occupied your seat, who
thought fit to call me to order for wandering a lit-
tle aside of the subject, but as since then the sub-
ject has taken a pretty wide range, and gentlemen
have indulged pretty freely in remarks, I will go
on with them now.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Mangum] suggested it is a prophecy, very
like one made by the Senator from Kentucky, that
those who opposed this compromise would be
branded, I think, about as deep as bone deep.
Thar wa3 the prophecy that was indulged in by
the Senator from North Carolina. 1 have no doubt
that it did great credit to his sagacity, and 1 will
endeavor to bring to his aid the light of a little his-
tory. There was another compromise bill passed
some thirty years ago, and about which much has
been said. I believe there weie certain members
who voted for that measure who got branded, I
do not know how deep, but the brand has been
pretty lasting, and they have not recovered from
the effect of it to this day, through thirty years.
Well, now, judging of the future by the past, I
may express the opinion that if this compromise
bill is fastened upon the country, and if the results
follow which its friends anticipate—i mean those
who give it the construction which our southern
friends do—I think some gentlamen will go home
from this Congress marked about as plainly as
were those who went home from the Missouri
compromise in 1820. I will not undertake to say
which side will get marked, but I will run the risk
of wearing any mark which may be fixed upon me
for voting against any and every measure which I
think is calculated to perpetuate and extend hu-
man slavery. I will vote against it and run the
risk of any brand of infamy which may be fixed
upon me.
But it seems that the Senator from Iowa acts
I under a dying injunction, left to him by Wash-
ington, not to vote for an Abolitionist for Pre-
sident. Sir, it is the first time that 1 have ever
heard that Washington gave such an admonition
as that. If there be one single act in General
Washington's life which is its crowning glory,
and which endears him to the hearts of millions
the world over, and which will cause his name to
be repeated with thanksgiving and gratitude as
long as humanity and philanthropy find a place in
the human heart, it is not that he died with an in-
junction against Abolitionists, but that he died an
Abolitionist himself. Yes, sir—died an Abolitionist
himself, and in his last will made provision for
striking the fetters from the bondmen that he him-
self held. If General Washington ever did give an
injunction against voting for an Abolitionist, it
must have been, I think, that his conception of
an Abolitionist were so elevated that he did not
want to have him contaminated by being brought
into the dirty whirlpool of politics.
Mr. DODGE. I have no desire, Mr. President,
to pursue this controversy with the Senator from
New Hampshire. I know too well his great tact
and extraordinary skill in a skirmishing debate on
the everlasting and interminable subject now be-
fore the Senate. I must be greatly worsted in any
contest into which I may enter with him. But,
sir, it so happens that I choose to speak out upon
particular occasions, and this is one of them.
The Senator from New Hampshire commenced
his response to my remarks-by saying that my
constituents must be extremely benighted if it be
at all necessary that they should be informed that
1 do not follow him. The reply I have to make
to that is, that there is a sort of general talk about
the " free North" and " treachery to the North,"
and that, too, in a manner which is extremely
offensive to me. I am not conscious of treachery
in the slightest degree to the generous and confi-
ding constituency who have assigned to my care
the brief trust which I hold at their hands, if I
know my own heart, or my own purpose, 1 desire
to be faithful to them m every act I may perform,
and in every sentiment I may utter. Well, sir,
the intimation is—and the gentleman cannot forget
the language he has used/because he is allowed
on this question, perhaps, a degree of latitude
svhich is not accorded to any other man—the inti-
mation is that the North is to be beaten, and that
it is to be beaten by northern treachery and north-
ern votes; and, said he, " while we are thus beaten
and down, I hope we will not be kicked." Now,
sir, this is not the proper place to speak, nor can I
here be allowed to speak of such language in the
terms it justly merits at my hands.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me to
interrupt him,i beg to tell him that I used no such
language.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Iowa yield the floor.
Mr. DODGE. There is no necessity for any
explanation.
Mr. HALE. What I said was this, that when
you have beaten us down, and laid us out cold, I
hoped you would not point at us.
Mr. DODGE. I think the Senator, on a former
occasion, used an illustration borrowed from Mr.
Randolph, or some other Virginian, and spoke of
"kickine-" or " buying."
Mr. HALE. No, sir, I did no such thing.
Mr. DODGE. I shall not persist in that state-
ment now, but I wdl say this, that whenever the
vote is taken on this question, I have no desire to
be found voting with that gentleman. Whetherit
is treason to the " free North" or not, to be found
voting according to my own sentiments, and to
what I believe to be the sentiments of my constitu-
ents, I would a little rather not be found voting
with him; although in saying this I mean nothing
personal, for the relations between us are those of
friendship; and I trust such will ever prevail.
What I say of the gentleman is political, and has
reference to his representative action. I have
known something, however, of that gentleman's
past history; and certainly those who know even
as little of it as I do, will be inclined to the opinion
that he is the last man who ought to think of lec-
turing others upon the consistency, devotion, or
sincerity with which they adhere to any particular
cause. I am- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair deems
it out of order to speak of the motives of Sen-
ators.
Mr. DODGE. Well, sir, the Senator from
New Hatnpshiie was permitted to impugn the
sincerity of southern members in their opposition
to this bill. However, I suppose 1 am out of order,
and will endeavor to proceed in order.
Well, Mr. President, the gentleman has re-
plied to the remark I made, en passant t and in the
hurry of debate, that I was not one of those who
