•1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
purpose was not to delay this thing, but I under- i
stand that the gentleman who usually sits before ]
me [Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts] was not well, j
and left the Chamber, and I tafee it he does not
wish to be absent when the question is taken.
There are likewise other Senators absent who
wish to vote on this question.
Mr. BERRIEN rising 
Mr. DAYTON. I will withdraw the motion if
the Senator will renew it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say a word upon
these amendments, if the question is to be taken
upon them now; and in the hope that if the post-
ponement shall be made until to-morrow it will be
with a determination, on the part of the Senate,
then to take the vote.
Now,sir, the argument of the Senator from New
Jersey is, that there is a conflict in the apprehen-
sion of Senators in regard to the first amendment
—that proposed by the Senator from Mississippi
—which he thinks results in showing that tins
amendment is unnecessary, and, if unnecessary,
that it ought not to be adopted; while he supposes
that if it be adopted there might be at ieust an
equal degree of necessity for the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio. Now, sir, what
i propose to say to the Senate is, in few words to
express the belief that I entertain, that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi is necessary,
if we propose to conduct this discussion and our
action upon this bill in a spirit of fairness, and that
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
is totally unnecessary. Let us look, for a single
moment, to the state of the question. It is a legu-
lation of the powers of the territorial legislature
over the subject of slavery. Upon the question
whether slavery exists or does not exist in that
territory, or whether it may or may not exist there,
there are two opinions, one of which is that it is
forbidden by the Mexican laws, which are still
operative; and the other is that these Mexican
laws will cease to opeiate when this becomes an
organized territory of the United States. In the
former case there would be no slavery there, and,
consequently, nothing 10 protect; and in the latter
case, as there would be slavery there, thete would
be rights acquired under the Constitution and laws
of the United States, and by force of the organiza-
tion of this territory, and it would be essential to
the proprietors of these rights that there should be
a power there to protect them. Sir, the original
bill contains a provision, I think unadvisedly
adopted by the committee, which declares (hat the
territorial legislature shall have no power to legis-
late respecting African slavery. Now, suppose
the opinion which affirms that slavery may be in-
troduced into these territories, and that the Mexi-
can laws will cease to operate when these become
organized territories of the United States—suppose
that that opinion should headjudged by I he Supreme
Court to be a correct opinion, and under thatadju-
dication it should be decided that slaves are intro-
duced into these territories, what is the condition
in which the proprietors of these slaves are placed ?
The legislature of the territory shall make no laws
respecting African slavery. Re who goes with
his slaves into these territories, although they are
adjudged to be his property, and that he had a
right under the judicial decision to carry them
there, the moment he gets them there they are
beyond the protection of all law; they are with-
drawn from the protection of the laws of the State
where they had protection, and carried into a ter-
ritory where there is no power competent to afford
protection; for it cannot be doubted that an inhi-
bition to legislate respecting African slavery, which
are the words of the original bill, is an inhibition
to admit or exclude, or to make any regulation
concerning it. Hence the importance of the amend-
ment offered by the S^nrttor from Mississippi.
The provision of that amendment it is supposed
will authorize an implication that Congress is
about to lend their sanction in affirmance of the
right of the slaveholder to introduce slaves into
that territory. Sir, it does seem to me that the
language is to plain too render it possible that such
misapprehension could be persevered in. What
is the language ? Here it is:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to prevent the saul territorial leywlatuie from
pns-iojx such law s as may be necessary to piot^et the riglirs
of of every kind whteli may have been, or may
hereal'tei, conformably to the Constitution and laws of the
Uniied State*, be heid ui or introduced into said Territo-
ries."
The legislature of the territory shall not be
deprived of the pvowcr of passing laws which may
be necessary to protect the right of property of
every kind now or hereafter held in that territory,
held therein conformably to the Constitution and
laws of the United Spates.
Sir, it resolves itself into a single question: Is
property which is held in these territories conform-
' ably to the Constitution and laws of the United
, States, entitled to the protection of the Govern-
; ment, oris it not? If the decision of the Supreme
j Court of the United States should be that slavery
j cannot exist m New Mexico or.Deseret, why it
j cannot be held there conformably to the Constitu-
j tion and laws of the United States, and conse-
' quently the territorial legislature cannot, under
i its authority, afford it any protection. But if the
i Supreme Court of the United States should decide
i that, by the organization of those territories, the
Mexican laws inhibiting slavery have been super-
seded, and that the rights of the slaveowner attach
to that property when removed into those territo-
ries, then that property is held there '* conforma-
bly to the Constitution and laws of the United
States," and I do believe, notwithstanding all the
agitation that there has been upon this subject, and
the manner in which this discussion has been car-
ried on, we have not yet arrived at the point when
any member of the Senate will rise in his place and
aver that " property which is held in conformity
to the Corjeutution and laws of the United States
is not entitled to the piotection of the law."
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I desire to an-
swer a word in reply to the remarks which fell
from the Senator last upon the floor; for, if I un-
derstand at all his legal position, I differ from hun
entirely as to the construction of this bill. The
or gmal bill provides that the territorial legisla-
tures shall pass no law 44 respecting African sla-
! very." Now, sir, what does that provision mean r
i for it is that which lies at the basis of this whole
; thing. u Shall pass no law respecting African
j slavery." Why, sir, that appears to me clearly to
j mean, that they shall pass no laws relating to Af-
t rican slavery as an institution; that it shall neither
i create nor abnegate it. Does any one understand
• that under this piovision the territorial legisla-
| tures would not be authorized to pass ordinary
, police regulations for public safety, though relating
> to slaves, if slaves should be legally there?
! Several Senators. Certainly,
i Mr. DAYTON. Gentlemen say certainly. Such
| is their opinion, doubtless; but such is not mine,
j Mr. BERRIEN. We have a right to our opin-
| ion.
! Mr. DAYTON. And I to mine. What do you
1 mean by police laws? That a negro man shall
j not be out at a certain distance from his plantation
j without a permit; that he shall not carry arms;
that slaves shall not congregate in unusual assem-
i blages; that they shall not be found away from
home after a certain hour of the night; that they
shall not have the use of fire-arms, &c. Now,
sir, is the passage of laws of that sort, a passage
of laws respecting African slavery? Is that a fair
construction of the terms of this provision ? i do
not think it is. 1 hold these to be laws for the
protection of life, property, and society. Neither
Congress nor the States can pass a law 44 respect-
j ing the establishment of religion;'' and yet, they
i everywhere regulate, control, and protect religious
! assemblies. They make po'ice laws on that sub-
; ject; but this clause is neither for the introduction
S nor for the destruction of African slavery.
I I hold, therefore, that if African slavery be there
i in the territories, the legislatures can, without any
! other provision than is contained in the original
! bill, pass all the police laws necesary for its rega-
: latum, in order to protect society from riots, im-
; proper assemblages, conspiracies, or whatever else
I may be regarded as dangerous to the public wel-
1 fare. I hold, therefore, that if it should be decided
; by the Supreme Court of the United States that
! slavery can rightfully go into the territories under
the Constitution and laws of the United States, it
; is not necessary to make any additional provision
for its regulation—that the power will rest with
j the territorial legisJatuies to regulate it, as a
matter of course.
] One thing is certain, that the honorable Senator
| from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] who bears the bur-
! den of this biii, does not think that the amendment
| offered by the honorable Senator from Mississippi
will make any change in the effect of the original
bill, while the Senators from Mississippi and
Georgia think directly the reverse. For my own
part, I do not choose to take the hazard of any
change. I move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the subject until to-morrow.
At the request of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the
motion was withdrawn for an explanation.
Mr. DODGE. For the purpose of putting
myself right, I wish to say, although it does not
sustain me in attributing to the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire the language which I did,
and although 1 made the amende honorable at the
time, that I have here his words literally. He
said 44 I hope the South will not point to us when
we are defeated, and say to us, as John Randolph
said of some one else, 4 we have bought you dog
cheap.' "
Mr. Dayton's motion was then agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 29, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SIBLEY rose and inquired what was the
first business m order?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order is
the bill reported last evening from-the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, providing
for the construction of certain roads in Minnesota.  
A RECESS.
Mr. JONES, interposing, rose, he said, to what
he believed was a privileged motion. In order to
give the officers of the House time for refitting the
Hall for summer—for which purpose they had for
some time been intending to adjourn for a few
days—he moved that when the House adjourned
to-day, they adjourn until eight o'clock to-morrow
morning, (so as to allow the officers to commence
taking up the carpets, &c., as early as possible,)
with the understanding that they would then ad-
journ over to Monday; and that there would be no
necessity for anybody to come to the House to-
morrow except the Speaker and a few members,
to meet pro forma and adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to modity his motion so as to
authorize the Speaker, if desired by him, to
designate a Speaker pro tem. for to-morrow.
Mr. JONES modified his motion accordingly.
The SPEAKER stated the motion, and the
object for which it was made, as explained by Mr.
Jones.
The question was taken and the motion was
agreed to.
So it was ordered,
That when the House adjourn to-day, they ad-
journ to eight o'clock to-morrow morning, with the
understanding that the House then adjourn to meet
on Monday.
Mr. tiCBENCK suggested that it was necessary,
under the resolution which had recently been
adopted, to pass an order authorizing the Clerk or
Doorkeeper to refit the Hall.
No objection being made—
Such an order was entered upon the Journal.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if it was neces-
sary for the House to make an order to authorize
the Speaker to appoint a Chairman pro tem. for to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER said it would be necessary un-
less it was agreed to by general consent. Such
would be the understanding if no objection was
made.
No objection was made.
LEVEES ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. CONRAD asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce some resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, ask-
ing aid from the General Government to prevent
the inundations of the liver Mississippi, which
have recently proved so disastrous. These resolu-
tions ask for the aid of the Government in making
a hydrographical and topographical survey of the
Delta of the Mississippi, and an appropriation of
a portion of the public lands in the State towards
the making and repairing of the levees or em-
bankments on the margin of the river. He moved
that such portion of the resolutions as referred to
the survey, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and such portion as related to the
grant of land, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
