LXXXIV
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
To the Ottoivas and Chippcwas.
For the reappropriation of the sum earned to the
surplus fund, under head of "fulfilling treaties
with the Ottowas and Chippewas',-' June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, per
surplus fund warrant number nineteen, - 2,412 16
To the Wyandots.
for the reappropriation ol the sum carried to the
surplus fund, under head of " fulfilling treaties
with the Wyandots," June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, per surplus fund war-
rant number nineteen, ----- 1,029 16
To the Cherokees.
For compensation and expense ol the committee
of old settler party of Cherokees, their clerks,
&c., for services rendered in pursuance of the
provision contained in the fifth article of the
treaty of seventeenth August, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, ------- 1,508 00
To the Choctaws.
For interest on the amounts awarded Choctaw
claimants, under the tourteenth article of the
treaty of Dancing-rabbitt Creek, of September
twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty,
for binds on winch they resided, but which it
is now impossible to give them, and in lieu of
the scr;p that has been awarded under the act
of August twenty-fourth, e.ighu-en hundred
and forty-two, and joint resolution of Congre&s
ol August thud, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, not deliverable east by the third section of
said law, per act of March ihird, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-five, ------ 87,2C0 00
For compensaiion of three special agents and
four interpretera^br the Indian tribes of Texas,
including the purchase of presents, - - 15,000 00
For expenses of holding treaties with the Indian t
tribes of Oregon, for an extinguishment of
their claims to lauds lying west ol the Cascade
mountains, authorized by act of Congress of
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty, - - 15,000 00
For expenses of lemoving the Pottawatomies and
Sacs and Foxes from Iowa, west of the Mis-
souri river, to their own lands, agreeably to the
terms of a contract entered into by Brevet Ma-
jor S. Woods, United States army, - 2,000 00
For medal3 for Indian chiefs, - 1,500 00
For expenses of procuring information and col-
lecting statistics necessary to the Indian Bu-
reau, and for making treaties with and pres-
ents to the various tribes of Indians icsiding
within the limits of the United States upon
the borders of Mexico, ----- 30,000 00
For expenses of treating with thp Mississippi and
St. Peter Sioux, for the extinguishment of
their title to lands iri Minnesota Territory, - 15,000 00
For expenses of tieating wuh the Indians and
half-breeds for the extinguishment of the title
to their lands on the Red river of the North,
in the Territory of Minnesota, - 10,000 00
For the additional amount for expenses paid for
subsistence, and improperly charged to the
tieaty tund according to the award of the Sen-
ate of filth day of September, eighteen hun- ■<
dred and fifty, under the provisions of the
eleventh aiticle of the tieaty of sixth day of
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six, and
that interest be paid on the same at the rate of
live per centum per annum, according to a
resolution of the Senate of fifth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty, - 189,422 76
To the "Old Settlers," or "Western Chero-
kees," in lull of all demands under the pro-
visions of ihe treaty ol sixth Auyu^t, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, according"to the pnnci-
ples established in thefouith article thereof,
and that mtei est be allowed and paid upon the
above sum*, due respectively to the Cherokees
and " Old Settlers," in pursuance of the above-
mentioned award of the Senate under the refer-
ence contained in the said eleventh article of
the treat> of sixth August, eighteen hundred and
fony-st\, - - 532,896 90
Foi expen>es of the re^urvey and mm king the
easiern boundary of the country set apart to
the Choctaw nation, per second article of the
treaty of Dancing-rabbit Creek, of twenty-sev-
enth September, eighteen hundred and thirty, 3,462 00
For expenses of surveying the northern and
western boundary lines of the Creek country,
per eighth aiticle of the treaty ot fourth Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred anu forty-five, - - 10,072 00
For expenses of negotiating tr< aty with the Chip-
pewas, ratified in eighteen hundred and lorty-
eight, in addition to the appropriation made
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, . . r  1,500 00
For expenses of removal and subsistence of the
Cbippewas of Lake Superior and Mississippi
from the lands ceded under the treaty of fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, - 25,000 00
For payment to David Taylor, representative of
Cnl-sut-tee-hee, or Hog, for proceeds of prop-
erty sold by the United States agents, and
erroneously paid by Governor P. M. Butler to
another than the rightful claimant, said claim
havmg been allowed by the accounting ofiiceis
of the Treasury,  70 87
For continuing the collection, and for publishing
the statistics and other information authorized
by the act of third March, eighteen hundred
and forty-seven, 10,000 00
For an advance to the Chippewas of Mississippi
and Lake Superior of this amount retained by
the late sub-agent, J. P J3avs the same to
be reimbursed to the United States when re-
covered from the late sub-agent or his sureties, 1,382 29
For'an advance to the Wyandot Indians of this
sum retained^by the late sub-agent, Richard
Hewitt, the same to be reimbursed to the Uni-
ted States when received from said sub-agent
or his sureties, ------- 828 09
For interest due on investments in stocks of the
State of Michigan, held in trust by the Secre-
tary of the Interior for the time being for the
benefit of the Cherokee Indians, the same to
be reimbursed to the United States out of the
interest when collected, ----- 19,080 00
For payment to S. B. Lowry, for services ren-
dered as interpreter and assistant conductor to
a delegation of Winnebago Indians who visited
the seat of Government and concludcd the
tieaty with that tiibe of thirteenth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, - 305 00
Fo'r payment to Henry M. Rice for articles of
outfit furnished to the Winnebago delegation
who visited the seat of Government and con-
cluded the treaty of eighteen hundred and for-
ty-six with that tribe, ----- 762 10
For payment to Henry M. Rice for expenses as
one of the delegates from the Winnebago na-
tion to the city of Washington in eighteen hun-
dred and torty-six, and compensation for valu-
able services rendered the Government in the
negotiation of the treaty concluded at thattime, 67g 00
For payment to the Winnebago Indians of cer-
tain unexpended balances of sums set apart for
certain objects m the treaty of eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, but not required there-
for, and carried to the surplus fund, - - 29,288 49
For carrying into effect the treaty with the Sacs
and Foxes of Mississippi of eleventh October,
eighteen hundred and forty-tinee, per act of
thud March, eighteen hundred and foity-three, 288 99
For arrearages ot annuities due Cherokees, per
act of twelfth June, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight,  39,871 92
For expenses of delegation of Seminolrs to Flor-
ida, per act of second March, eighteen hundred
and forty-one, ------- i,6ii 30
For current expenses of Indian Department, - 15,083 42
For compensation for two years ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and fiftv-one, of an
assistant to (he blacksmith authorized to be em-
ployed for the Qnapaw Indians in the third ar-
ticle of the treaty of the thirteenth May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, - 480 00
For the reestabhshmcnt of the blacksmith shop
for the Senecas and Shawnees, under the
fourth article of the treaty of twentieth July,
eighteen hundred and thiity-one, including
pay of smith and assistant, and the usual sup-
ply of iron, coal, and steel, - 1,060 00
For expenses of revising, preparing, and piinting
a new code of regulations for the Indian De-
partment in connection with all laws and por-
tions of laws in lorce 111 relation to Indian
affairs, duties and lesponsibility of superintend-
ents and agents, disbursing and accounting for
public money, &.C., and for compiling, print-
ing, and binding a supplement to the volume
ot Indian treaties published m eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, ----- 3,000 00
For compensation of commissioner to negotiate
with the Wyandot Indians, undir an appoint-
ment by tl<e President, twenty-seven days, at
eight dollars pei day, as fixed in such case by •
the provision in the last clause of the act of
July seventeenth, eighteen hundied and forty-
two, --------- 216 00
For the continuance of the following allow-
ances to the Creek Indians arising under the
fifth article ofthe treaty of ihe fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundied and thirtj-three, viz:
For pay of blacksmith and assistant, and for iron,
steel, and coal, ------ 1,11000
For pay of wagon-maker, ----- (500 00
For agricultural implements, - 2,000 00
For education, 1,000 00
For payment to Richaid Chute for articles of out-
fit furnished the Winnebago delegation who
visited the seat of Goveimnent and concluded
the treaty of eighteen hundred and forty->ix,
with that tribe, ------ 700 05
For the redemption of the daughtei of Mr. and
Mrs. James M. White, who was captured by
the Indians on the boidera of New Mexico, - 1,500 00
For paj ment to Sol-le Bmarthla, a Seminole In-
dian, this amount stolen from him by United
States soldiers at New Orleans, - 125 00
To enable the President to hold treaties with the
various Indian tribes 111 the State of California, 25,000 00
For payment to Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas
Rogers, for services rendered by them in de-
fence ot two Sioux Indians indicted m the dis-
trict court of the United Slates for Iowa Ter-
ritory, holden in the county of Dubuque on
the eleventh of August, eighteen bundled and
forty-five, for the murder of two white men, - 500 00
For paying arrears of compensation to an agent
and two interpreters for the Indian tribes of
Texas, authorized by an act of third March,
eighteen hundred and foity-seven, and subse-
quent acts,  3,200 00
To pay the Central Bank of Georgia, assignee of
H. W. Jarnigan & Co., and others, - - 21,044 00
For the pa) ment of the awards of General Wil-
liam B. Mitchell, commissioner under the
treaty of Chicago, of the twenty-sixth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
with the Pottawatomies, reported by him to the
Secretaiy of War on the twenty-eighth Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and foity-one, as adjudi-
cated and appioved by the said Secietary, in
his decision of the third March, eighteen hun-
dred and loriy-one, -  88,589 32
To he paid by the Creek agent to the surviving
chiefs ofthe Mcintosh party of Creek Indians,
to be divided among the chiefs and warriors,
the friends and followers of the late General
William Mcintosh, who have not received their
proportion ot the sum of one hundred thou-
sand dollars, stipulated by the ninth article of
the treaty between the United States and the
Creek nation, made at the city of Washington
on the twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, to be in full of all de-
mands of said Indians under the said ninth
article of said treaty, ----- 39,90] 67
To audit and settle the accounts ofthe companies
of Texas Mounted Rangers, commanded by
Captains B. F. Hill, J. M. Smith, J. Roberts,
J. S. Sutton, S. P. Ross, H. E. McCulloch,
J. W. Johnson, and C. Blackwell, who were
retained in or called into service by the Gov-
ernor of said State, - - - - - 72,000J 00
To pay any balance that may be due the Delaware
Indians, who served m the Florida war, under
the order of the Secretaiy of War of July
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, for six months' service, and that the
Secretary be required to pay according to said
order, to the chiefs of said tribe of Indians, - 270 00
2,355,991 35
By the act for the relief of Jesse Sutton.
That the Secretary of the Treasury pay to Jesse
Sutton, out of any money in the Treasury not
otheiwise appropriated, the sum of one thou-
sand dollars, for services rendered, and coal,
iron, and steel furni-hed the Texas Indians, as
public blacksmith, from the twentieth of May,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, to the twen-
tieth of May, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, - - - - - - 1,000 00
By the act for the relief of Wm. B. Crews.
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, directed to asceitain
whether William B. Crews has be^n paid for
all military services rendered by him to the
United States, from the eighth of August, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-seven, to February
fourteen, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, by
examining the proper officers and other per-
sons as well as the proper rolls of the com-
pany to which he belonged. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is directed to pay, out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
piopriated, to said Crews, such sum of money
as may be found his due: Provided, 'f he same
does not exceed the sum of eighty dollars, and
the same shall be in full of all claims by said
Crews against the United States, - 80 00
By the act to refund the fine imposed on the
late Doctor Thomas Cooper, under the se-
dition law, to his heirs.
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to refund to
the heirs of Thomas Cooper, deceased, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, four hundred dollars, being the fine
imposed upon the said Thomas Cooper under
the sedition law passed the fourteenth day of
July, seventeen hundred and ninety-eight, to-
gether with interest thereon, at the rate of six
per centum per annum from the first day of*
November, eighteen hundred, until paid.—[I11-
1 definite.]
By the act for the payment of a company of
Indian volunteers.
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to cause to be paid t<7
the spy company of Indian mounted volun-
teers (Shawnees and Delawates) called and
mustered info the service of the United States
by Colonel W. S. Harney, United States army,
on the firct day of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, and discharged the thirty-first day of
August, eighteen hundred and forty-six, one
day's pay'and allowances for every day held
in service under said muster, and the usual
traveling allowances according to rate< es-
tablished for volunteers under existing laws;
and the sum of four thousand dollars is hei eby
appiopriated for this object out of any monejs
in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, - 4,000 00
By the act for the relief of Charles Stuart.
\ That the Secretary of the Treasury be and he is
authorized and required to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Charles Stuart, late a private in
company K, of the seventh regiment of New
York volunteers, commanded by Colonel Ste-
venson, generally known as the California regi-
ment, such sum as he would have been enti-
tled to receive for pay, rations, and clothing,
from the time he enlisted in said company to
his return to Norfolk, on the eighth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven, had he re-
mained with said regiment during that time.
[Indefinite.]
RECAPITULATION.
Civil, diplomatic, and miscellaneous, - - $9,388,388 32
Military and fortifications, - 9,341,822 45
Indian department, including naval, revolu-
tionary, and other pensions, - 4,537,573 81
Naval service, ------ 10,413,135 37
