THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
LXXXV
Post Office Department, -
In fulfillment of the treaty with Mexico,
- 5,447,589 82
- 3,360,000 00
$42,488,509 77
II.—OFFICERS CEEATED, AND THE SALARIES
THEREOF.
By the act (chap. 6) to carry into effect the conven-
tion between the United States and the Emperor
of Brazil] ofthe%7th of January, in the year 1849.
One commissioner, at a salary of $3,000 per annum.
Onefclerk, at a salary of $-2,000 per annum.
By the act (chap. 10) to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1850.
Five additional clerks in the office of the Commissioner
of Customs, for the*period designated, on an annual salary
each of $1,000.
Seven additional clerks in the Post Office Department, at
an annual salary of $1,40!}. ^ ^
Eight additional clerks in the Post Office Department, at
an annual salary of $1,200.
Seven additional clerks in the Post Office Department, at
an annual salary of $1,000.
One additional watchman in the Post Office Department,
at a salary of $385.
By the act (chap. 16) authorizing the negotiation of
treaties with the Indian tribes in the Territory of
Oregon for the exiinguishment of their claims to
lands lying west of the Cascade mountains, and for
other purposes.
One or more commissioners, to negotiate treaties with the
several Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon, whose
compensation shall not exceed the rate heretofore allowed
for similar services. , . .
A superintendent of Indian affair* for the Territory of
Oiegori, who shall receive an annual salary of $"2,500.
Indian agents, not exceeding three, each of whom to re
ceive an annual salary ot $1,500.
By the act (chap, 28) to amend an act entitled " Jin
act for the better organisation of the district court
of the United States within the State of Louisiana,"
approved the 3d of Marchi 1849.
A clerk of the court, for holding a court at St. Joseph,
parish of Tensas, to be appointed by the judge of the west-
ern dis-trict of Louisiana, to receive the same emoluments
provided in other cases.
By the act (chap. 49) proposing to the State of Texas
the establishment of her northern and western bound-
aries, the relinquishment by the said State of all
territory claimed by her exterior to said boundaries,
awl of all her claims upon the United States, and
to establish a territorial government for New Mexico.
A governor for the Territory of New Mexico, who shall
perform the duties and receive the emoluments of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, at an annual salary of $1,500 as
governor, and $1,000 as superintendent of Indian affairs.
A secretary for the Territory of New Mexico, at an an-
nual salary of $1,800.
A chief of the supreme court for the Territory of New
Mexico, at a salary of $1,800 per annum.
Two associate justices o£ the supreme court, each ot
whom to receive an annual salary of $l,fc00.
Three clerks, appointable by the supreme court or the jus-
tices thereof, for three judicial districts, each of whom to
receive the fees which the clerks of the district courts of
Oregon receive.
An attorney for said Territory, who shall receive the same
fees and salaiy as the attorney of the United States for .the
Territory of Oregon. .
A marshal tor the Territory of New Mexico, who snail be
entitled to the same fees as the marshal for the Territory of ,
Oregon; and in addition two hundred dollars annually as ;
a compensation for extra services. , j
A Legislative Council of thirteen members, to receive three ;
dollars each per dav during their attendance at the sessions ]
thereof, an4 three dollars for every twenty miles travel in
coine to and returning from the said sessions. j
A iiou^e of Representatives of twenty-six members, to
receive three dollars each per day during their attendance ,
at the sessions thereof, and three dollars for every twenty ,
miles travel in going to and returning from said sessions.
By the act (chap. 51) to establish a Territorial Gov- j
ernmentfor Utah. |
A governor, who shall perform the duties and receive the !
emoluments of superintendent of Indian affairs, at an annual
salary of $1,500 as governor, and §1,000 as superintendent
of Indian affairs.
A secretary, at an annual salary of $1,800.
A Legislative Council, consisting of thirteen members, and
a House of Representatives, consisting of twenty-six mem-
Lhers.
A chief justice and two associate justices of the supreme
court, at an annual salary of $1,800 each.
A clerk to each of three district courts, to receive the fees
which the clerks of the district courts of Oregon receive.
An attorney, to receive the same fees and salary as the
attorney for the Territory of Oregon.
A marshal, to receive the same fees as the marshal for
the Territory of Oregon. 4
By the act (chap. 70) to increase the commissariat of
the United States army.
Four additional commissaries of subsistence to be ap-
pointed, (compensation not specified in the act.)
By the act (chap. 76) to create the office of surveyor
general of the public lands in Oregon, and to pro-
vide for the survey and to make donations to settlers
of the said public lands.
A surveyor general for the Territory of Oregon, at an an-
nual salary of $2,500.
By the act (chap. 79) to create additional collection
districts in the State of Califomia} and to change
1 the existing district therein, and to modify the ex-
isting collection districts in the United States.
One collector for San Francisco, at asalary of $10,000 per
^Five collectors for the districts of Monterey, San Diego,
Sacramento, Sonoma, and San Joaquin, at a salary of
000 each per annum; and an additional compensation or
^2'000 each per annum should their official emoluments and
tees, as provided for by existing laws, amount to that sum.
One deputy collector, at San Francisco, at a salary of
$5,000 per annum.
Two surveyors, for Santa Barbara and San Pedro, to be
allowed, in addition to the tees authorized by existing laws,
$-2,000 each per annum.
• Two principal appraisers for the port of San Francisco
at a salary of $6,000 ptr annum, and two assistant apprais-
ers at a salary ot $3,500 per annum.
One naval officer tor the port of San Francisco, at a sal-
arv of $8,000 per annum.
'One surveyor for the port of San Francisco, at asalary
of §7,000 per annum.
One collector for the district of Milwaukie, m Wiscon-
sin, at a salary o( $250 per annum, in addition to the com-
missions and fees authorized by existing laws.
Six deputy collectors for tne ports ol Southport, Bnctne,
Sheboygan, Green Bay, Depre, in Wisconsin, and yWw-
keean, in Illinois, who shall each receive a salary of $2o0
per annum, in addition to the commissions and fees au-
thorized by existing laws.
One collect .r for tlie district of Minnesota, at a salary of
&1.200 per annum. . „ _ .
One deputy collector for the district of Minnesota, to re-
ceive S3 per diem when employed.
One inspector of the customs for the district of Minnesota,
to receive S2 per day when employed.
A survey or for the port of Memphis, to receive the salary
and emoluments of surveyors prescribed in an act of Con-
8rAn inspector of customs for the port of Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, (compensation not prescribed.)
A surveyor of customs at the toivn of Evansville, and
A surveyor of customs for the town of New Albany, each }
of whom shall receive the salary and emoluments^of sur- ,,
vevors prescribed by an act of Congress of 2d March, 1831. .
Two additional assistant appraisers authorized tor th
district ol New Orleans, at the same salary as other ap-
nraisers for the same district.
Onesurvevor of customs for the port of Jacks°™l*f>
North Carolina, to receive the compensation provided lor
others.
By the act (chap. 82) to authorize the appointment of
Indian agents in California.
Three Indian agents authorized within the State of Cali-
omia, at an annual salary of $3,000 each. --
Bu the act (chap. 86) to provide for extending the
laics and the judicial system of the bnited States to
the State of California.
One iuilze for the northern district of California.
One ludge for the southern district of California.
One clerk for the northern district of California, to re-
ceive double the fees of the clerk for the southern district
NewjYork, for four years, and the same fees us the same
clerk thereafter.  
One clerk for the southern district of California, to re-
ceive the same fees as the clerk for the northern district*
An attorney of the United States for each district^ to re-
ceive each for the first four years double ffie fees ot office
of the attorney of the United Slates for the southern district
of New York, and thereafter the same fees as that attorney,
together with an annnal salary of $500. . - .
A marshal for each district, to receive each for the first
four years double the fees allowed to the marshal for the
southern district of New York, and thereafter the Me
fees as that marshal, together with an annual salary of $500.
By the act (chap. 90) making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1851, and for
other purposes.
One temporary clerk in the office of Second Comptroller,
at asalary of $1,000 per annum.
Twelve temporary clerks in the office of the Third Aud-
itor—two at salaries of $1,400, four at $1,200, and six at
@1,000 each per annum.
One additional clerk in theMintatPhiladeiphia,at$l,200
per annum.
An assayer of gold in California, at a salary not exceed-
ing $5,000 per annum.
One additional clerk in the Mintat New Orleans, at a
salary of §1,500 per annum.
An additional clerk in the office of the Attorney General,
at a salary of §2,000 per annum.
Two additional watchmen on Capitol grounds, at asalary
of $730 each.
[II.—THE OFFICES, THE SALARIES OF WHICH
HAVE BEEN INCREASED, WITH THE AMOUNT
OF SUCH INCREASE.
The governor of the Territory of Oregon to receive an
annual salary of $3,000. [His duties as superintendent of
Indian affairs, and the compensation allowed for their dis-
charge case to.]
By the act (chap. 56) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during th
fiscal year ending June 30, 1851.
The compensation of two night watchmen increased $130
each.
By the act (chap. 70) to increase the commissariat of
the United States army. *
The senior aid-de-camp of the Major General command-
ing the army allowed the pay and emoluments of a major
i of cavalry.
1 By the act (chap. 80) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending ihe 30th of Junet
185L
The superintendent of the Naval School at Annapolis to
be allowed the pay of an officer of his rank when at sea.
By the act (chap. 90) making appropriatiom for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30i/t of June, 1851.
The salary of one clerk in the office of the First Comp-
troller, increased to §1,400.
The assistant messengers, laborers, and packers of the
General Land Office shall each receive at the rate of $oUU
per annum.
The salary of the messengers in the office of Commis-
sioner of Pensions increased to §700 per annum.
The salary ot the assistant messengers m the office ot
Commissioner of Pensions increased to $500 per annum.
The salary of the book-keeper and accountant in the of-
fice of Chief Engineer increased from §1,000 to $1,300 per
The compensation of the assistant book-keeper in the
Bureau of Provision and Clothing increased $200 per annum.
The salaries of three watchmen of the southwest Execu-
tive building increased from #365 to $500 each per annum.
The salary of the treasurer of the mint at New Orleans
increased to $4,000 per annum.
The salary of the chief clerk of the treasurer of the Mint
at New Orleans increased to $1,800 per annum.
The salary of a clerk in the Mint at ISiew Orleans in-
rrpased* to &1,500 per annum. „ „
The salaiv of the juda;o of the Orphans' Court for the
District of Columbia increased 8500 per annum.
The salary of the Attorney General increased to §5,009
' ^TJie salary of the mp^enger in the office of the Attorney
General increased to $700 per annum.
The salary ol the treasmer of the Mint at Philadelphia
increased S500 per annum. m . . . 
The salaries of the watchmen ilfthe various departments
increased to §500 per annum.
