1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
paramount law the Legislature of that Territory are
limited in their powers. Men who are not only
citizens, but are also elector;? in New York or New
England, cannot be excluded from Oregon by an
act of the territorial legislature there.
He had no time to speak of the prejudices which
have so long guided mankind in their legislation
and administration of governments; that have
sent so many thousands to the scaffold and the
stake; which have deluged the world with blood,
and stained it with crime. For his own part he
would look to the moral qualities, to the virtue and
the intelligence of those who bear the image of
God. He would rather associate with the man of
dark complexion, of exalted intelligence and vir-
tue, than with the pale-faced scoundrel who is
reeking with crime.
The hour of one having arrived, the general de-
bate was terminated, and the committee proceeded
to the consideration of amendments, (under the
rule allowing five minutes for explanation to the
mover of an amendment.)
Mr. MASON said he would move to strike out
the whole section.
The CHAIRMAN stated that that motion was
not in order pending the question, on the amend-
ment of Mr. Bowus.
Mr. FITCH appealed to the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowmn] to withdraw the amend-
ment, to enable him (Mr. F.) to renew it, and say
a few words.
Mr. BOWLIN assented, and withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. PITCH renewed it. He said he did it for
the purpose of briefly alluding to the debate which
had sprang up on the gentleman's amendment.
That debate was all useless. The people of Ore-
gon had settled this matter, they had excluded ne-
groes, and prohibited them from entering their
territory. Therefore, the adoption or the rejection
of this amendment could have no effect whatever.
The Legislature of Oregon had excluded Africans
from that territory, having in view, as he was
well informed, as the motive for that exclusion,
the result of the amalgamation of the blacks with
the Indians—an amalgamation which they might
confidently anticipate, in case blacks were admit-
ted into that territory.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a point of order, and
said the gentleman from Indiana had moved to in-
sert the word " white," and was making an argu-
ment against putting it in.
Mr. FITCH. 1 am arguing that it i3 indiffer-
ent whether you put it in or not.
I have further to remark upon this amendment,
that if you adopt it without still further amendment,
a class of settlers in Oregon would be excluded,
whose possessory rights are now recognized by
the whites of that territory. The American half-
breeds should have been included in the section
as reported from the Committee on Territories.
Whether this amendment was adopted or rejected,
he should, in case iro other gentleman did, pro-
pose to amend still further by inserting " Ameri-
can half-breeds." Perhaps the gentleman from
Missouri would accept this, as modification of his
amendment; if so, he (Mr. F.) made it.
Mr. BOWLIN (in his seat) was understood to
. assent to accepting the modification.
The amendment was, therefore, modified, as
follows: To insert in the proposed amendment
of the committee the word "white" before "set-
tler," and the words " American half-breeds in-
cluded," after " settler," so as to make the amend-
ment of the Committee, if thus amended, to read
as follows:
. " That there shall be, and hereby is, granted to every
white settler—American Half-breeds included—or occupant
of the public Units, above the ape of eighteen years, now
residing in said territory." &e., &c.
Mr. FITCH. The object for which I rose is
accomplished. That object was to say that the
amendment, so far as the whites are concerned, is
useless, and it is a matter of indifference wnemer
it be adopted or not. If adopted it cannot affect
the inhabitants there at all, as the question has
already been settled by the people of that territory
excluding blacks from their soil.
Mr. Fitch withdrew the amendment at the
request of Mr. Sackext, tind on pledge of re-
newal. j.
Mr. SACKETT renewed it, and said he dis-
agreed entirely with the gentleman from Indiana
(Mr. Fitch] as to the rights and consequences that
followed the action of the Legislature of Oregon
! touching the settlement of that country by any
' portion of our citizens. The Legislature of Oregon
had no power to exclude any portion, be they
white or black, of the citizens of the country. It
was a privilege granted to every portion of the
people to emigrate to that Territory; a privilege
which the territorial legislation had no power to
limit. If the Congress of the United States saw
fit to grant (o our citizens generally any portion of
the public lands in Oregon, eveiy citizen,black or
white—be the legislature of the territory what it
might—had the right to avail himself of the benefits
of "that grant, and was entitled to those benefits
' upon complying with the conditions of the grant,
j Let them take another vie.v of this question.
] Suppose the Congress of the United States should
1 interdict, as they had interdicted the introduction
|i of slavery into Oregon, had the legislature of that
territory the right to say that it might exist there?
Would the gentleman from Indiana contend for
that? That was a case which involved a principle
exactly parallel. There was no power at all over
the subject in the legislature of a territory; and if
this amendment was adopted, it were the only pro-
vision that could prohibit the right of every citizen
to participate in this grant of the Government.
The assumption of the gentleman from Indiana,
therefore, was unfounded as a point of law.
He would renew the amendment, as he had
agreed to do, although he was entirely opposed
to it.
Mr. Fitch again withdrew the amendment at
the request of
Mr. CONRAD, who renewed it, and said he
hoped the proposed amendment would not be
adopted by the committee. He should vote against
it for the very reason for which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] had affirmed he should
vote for it. That gentleman had depicted in glow-
ing colois the superiority of the African race over
the Caucasian or white race, and had apologized
to the House for classing the whites on a footing
of equality with the blacks.
Mr GIDDINGS, (in his seat.) I do not hear
the gentleman. What does he say ?
Mr. CONRAD. I understood the gentleman to
offer some apology for conceding the whites as
on an equality with the blacks in some of the
' States. .
Mr. GIDDINGS. I meant no such thing; I
never meant to say a white was not just as good
as>a black if he behaves as u-ell. (A laugh.)
Mr. CONRAD. The white just as good as the
black ! That is some concession (a laugh) for
that gentleman to make. Really, I have begun to
think that the gentleman from Ohio may be in
some degree connected with that race, the gieat
superiorty of which over the whites he claims.
But I differ with the gentleman. 1 think that
morally, physically, intellectually, and by the
institutions of their country, the negro race now
are, and are destined to be, a very inferior race.
I consider that they now are, and will be for all
time, a curse upon every community in which
they are located; and for that reason I wish, so far
as possible, to divide that curse. I am sorry that
the State which the gentleman represents in part
is not of the same opinion of the gentleman m
reo-ard to the superiority of the blacks, but, on the
contrary, considering them, as I do, a curse, she
has been unwilling to take her share of that curse.
It seems that the opinion of the gentleman is not
participated in by his constituents or by the in-
habitants of the State of Ohio. I bel-eve that in ^
some cases they have refused to allow the immi- ji
gration of colored persons into Ohio; if 1 mistake r
not they refused to allow the negroes emancipated ^
by the will of the late John Randolph to settle ill |
that State. • !
Mr. GIDDINGS, (in his seat.) The gentleman j
is misinformed. , , i
Mr. CONRAD. I am misinformed if such be j
not the fact; but I cannot give way for ex plana- i
tion. . . i
At all events I think it highly unjust that the ;
people of the Pacific coast should attempt to ex-
clude free blacks from that portion of the country.
I think it an injustice to the other portions of the
Union. The policy of the country—of the older
States, which have very much of this population,
and particularly of the southern States in my
opinion, should be to diffuse this black population
I over as large a surface as possible, and therefore I
heard with very great regret from the gentleman
from Oregon, the declaration that the people whom
he represented here had undertaken to settle that
matter in their territorial legislature, and that they
had prohibited the immigration to Oregon of free
people of color. The object of the proposed
amendment was to prohibit this class from par-
ticipating in the bounties granted by Congress in
the form of public lands to the settlers in that ter-
ritory. We allowed Europeans, Chinese, Pacific
Islanders, and people from all parts of the world, to
come and settle upon these lands, and yet it was
proposed to prohibit emigrants from our own.
country, free people of color, from paiticipating in
the same privileges!
For one, he should vote against the amendment.
He considered that this free black race was far
from a benefit to any country; and that looking to
the interests of the whites as well as to their own,
they should be diffused over as large a country as
possible, and that Oregon and California, acquired
by the common resources of this country, should
be left open to them in common with the older
States.
Mr. CONRAD having concluded—
The CHAIRMAN asked the indulgence of the
committee to stale, that, according to his under-
standing of the rule allowing to the mover of an
amendment five minutes for its explanation, he
should feel himself compelled hereafter to rule out
of^ order any remarks upon an amendment which
were not explanatory of that amendment. A very
great latitude of debate had been indulged in in com-
mittee heretofore, under the color of explanations,
and this morning in several instances gentlemen
had moved amendments and spoken against them.
The Chair would be obliged hereafter to rule such
remarks out of order.
Mr. McMullen requested thegentleman from
Louisiana to withdraw the amendment, in order
to enable him to renew it, and to address some re-
marks to the House thereupon.
Mr. CONRAD withdrew the amendment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a point of
order. It was not in order, he said, under the ope-
ration of the order to terminate debate, and bring
the committee to a vote on the pendingamendments,
and such as might be offered, to withdraw and re-
new a motion merely for the purpose of addressing
the committee. It was an evasion of the oider that
was made when the committee sustained the reso-
lution to terminate debate in committee—-which
order was virtually the adoption of the previous
question to the action of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN observed, that hi3 own in-
clination would be to sustain the point of order
made by the gentleman from Maryland, but the
practice had for a long time been otherwise; and
until that practice should be changed by a decision
of the House, he felt obliged to acquiesce in it.
He therefore overruled the point of oider.
Mr. EVANS. I must take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, for the purpose of settling
the point. .
Mr. HOUSTON inquired what the point of or-
^The CHAIRMAN stated that an amendment to
the amendment reported by the committee to the
fourth section of the bill, had been moved by the
gentleman from Missouri. Subsequently that
Smendment had been withdrawn and renewed at
different times, by other gentlemen. The same
amendment was proposed by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Costkae,] and he had addressed
the committee for five minutes upon it. The gen-
tleman from Virginia had then risen and addressed
the Chair, and the amendment having been with-
drawn, proposed to renew^ it. The gentlemafi
from Maryland thereupon raised the point of order,
that it was not now in order for the gentleman
from Virginia to propose the amendment, inas-
much as ft had been moved and withdrawn before.
The Chair had overruled the point, because such
had been the practice heretofore. From this de-
cision the .gentleman from Maryland had ap-
^Mri'EVANS. If the Chair will allow me, the
point I made was, that one gentleman had no right
to withdraw an amendment in order that other
gentlemen might renew it and hang speeches upoA
"'The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and the gentleman appeals?, ;
The question being put, " Shall the decision of
