1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee ?" it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. McMULLEN then renewed the motion,
and proceeded to address the committee. The
question now before the committee, he said, was
■whether or not persons of color should be per-
mitted to occupy lands in the Territory of Oregon
upon equal terms with the white inhabitants ? He
did not intend to enter upon a discussion of the
subject of slavery. It was, no doubt, considered
by some gentlemen a great national evil, whilst
others regarded it as a great national advantage.
Hevwas not going to discuss its merits or its de-
ments; but he would say that he regarded this
amendment as peculiarly proper; he was in favor
of it, and should vote for it. Like the gentleman
from Louisiana, he was in favor of it for a variety
of reasons, which he would not at present detain
the committee by enumerating. Bat he must be
allowed briefly to notice the very extraordinary
remarks of the very extraordinary member from
the State of Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] He should
consider that he was doing an injustice, if not to
himself at least to the constituents whom he had
the honor to represent, if he were to allow such
remarks to pass by unnoticed; although if those
constituents were here to speak for themselves,
they would scorn to reply to any indignity cast
upon them from such a quarter—they would scorn
to notice the remarks or the individual from whom
they proceeded.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must re-
frain from indulging in personalities.
Mr. McMULLEN (resuming.) Sir, the honor-
able member from Ohio, laboring apparently under
great excitement, appealed to gentlemen on all
sides, to be allowed the privilege of addressing the
committee. The privilege was granted him, and
how has he requited the favor ? Why, sir, he has
been pleased to pay his especial respects to the
State which I have the honor in part to represent;
but 1 will say to the gentleman, and to the House,
and the country, that 1 do not represent that por-
tion of Virginia which has been particularly
charged with making slaves an article of traffic;
and let me tell the gentleman also, that if he were
to visit the part of Virginia which I represent, he
would there find as high-minded, as intelligent,
and as honorable men as any upon this floor. The
gentleman from Ohio boasts of the blood of the
African that flows throw the veins of the white
man. I would be glad if 1 could return the com-
pliment. Sir, it is true that the high character of
the blood of Virginia is recognized everywhere,
whether it flows through the veins of the white or
the black man. [A laugh.] Yes, sir, Virginia is
the parent of heroes and of statesmen; and if the
member from Ohio, who seems to have such a
peculiar fondness for the colored race, should go
into Virginia, he would be gratified to his heart's
content; he would be invited to associate ex-
clusively with that race of which he is the peculiar
friend and champion. And, sir, I dare say that
those colored persons of whom he has so enthusi-
astically spoken, are the descendants of the first
families of Virginia.
The falling of the Chairman's hammer an-
nounced the expiration of the five minutes, to
which.the gentleman was entitled.
Mr. EVANS next obtained the floor, and, the
amendment having been withdrawn by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. McMullen,] he re-
newed the motion to amend.
Mr. FITCEI. 1 submit to the Chair whether
it is in order for a gentleman to move, and make
a speech upon, a proposition which a short time
ago the same gentleman ruled to be out of order.
[A laugh.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland will proceed; he is in order.
Mr. EVANS. This amendment is argued upon,
as though it were intended to exclude Iree negroes
from Oregon. But, sir, there is nothing contained
in the amendment, or in any of the provisions
of the bill, which prevents free negroes from going
there. The only thing that is proposed, is, that
we shall not give to them bounties forgoing there.
It is proposed to give to white settlers bounties,
and it is made a matter of astonishment with some
gentlemen here that free negroes are not allowed
to participate in these bounties. There is no pro-
hibition—there is nothing whatever to prevent
them from going there. Yet gentlemen seem to
go upon the supposition that there is some prohi-
bition proposed here. If there be a prohibition
at all it proceeds from the community of Oregon
itself. They well know, sir, that they would find
the presence of free negroes amongst them to be an
evil, and they have therefore very properly exclu-
ded them. It is impossible that they should be
admitted to an equality of civil rights. It would
be a good thing for us of the slaveholding States,
if they were encouraged to go there by the offer of
a grant of land; because it would at once induce
emigration of that class of people to Oregon. The
gentleman seems to think it a matter of great hard-
ship, that we will not permit them to go there and
participate in these bounties. What has the negro
done, to entitle him to this favor? When the
white man went there, he went in the midst of
foes—he was subjected to much suffering and
hardship. This is what the negro would never
encounter. And, by the way, I very much ques-
tion the propriety of giving bounties to any others
than those who have been the pioneers in the set-
tlement of the country. There is but one opinion,
I believe, as to the propriety of granting bounties
to the hardy pioneers of the country—those through
whose instrumentality, whose toil, the forests
have been subdued; but where is the black man
who has ever planted his foot upon the soil of a
new country for the purpose of redeeming it from
a wilderness, and reducing it to a state of cultiva-
tion ?
His allotted time having expired—
iVIr. Evans withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed the motion to amend.
And he did so, he said, for the purpose of making
some observations upon it. He understood the
effect of this proposition to be to obstruct the
emigration of free negroes to Oregon 
Mr. BOWLIN. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain'
Mr. BAYLY. To obstruct the emigration of
that class of persons by holding out no induce-
ments for them to go there.
Mr. BOWLIN, (Mr. Bayly yielding the floor.)
In the debate yesterday, the Delegate from Oregon
stated that there was a class of persons there who
were virtually slaves. If there are such persons,
it appears to me that they ought to be prohibited
from receiving grants of public lands. This was
the object of my amendment.
Mr.BAYLY, (resuming.) I am utterly opposed
to placing any obstruction in the way of free ne-
groes going to Oregon; because 1 am prepared *to
show that it is in violation of the spirit of the or-
dinance of 1787, which is ingrafted upon that
country. It is an unquestionable fact in history,
that about the time of the ordinance of 1787 there
was a strong feeling in Virginia in favor of eman-
cipation; and the obstruction in the way of eman-
cipation was, that there was no place to which
the liberated negroes could be sent; and it was a
potent argument used in Virginia to reconcile the
people of that State to the ordinance, that the
Northwestern Territory by virtue of it would be
made an asylum for the free people of color.
The ordinance was accordingly adopted, and it
has been applied expressly to Oregon. And I
say it would be a violation of the spirit of that
ordinance to take away from Virginia the very
inducement which influenced her to agree to it.
Mr. BAYLY then withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GREEN renewed the motion to amend,
merely for the purpose, he said, of making one
observation, and it was this, that the gentleman
from Virginia, in his estimation, wholly miscon-
ceived the effect of the proposition which was
now pending.
^ Mr. BAYLY. I did not know what the propo-
sition was. I merely desired an opportunity to
make the remarks which I have made.
Mr.GREEN. The proposition is, that bounty
lands shall not be given to any other than free
white persons. It was well explained by the gen-
tleman from Maryland; and I had supposed that
there was no gentleman in the House who misun-
derstood it. But we are met now by a most ex-
traordinary argument.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope no one understands me
as advocting Lhe amendment. I only moved it for
the purpose of making a speech.
Mr. GREEN. It is that which constitutes my
surprise. It is because the gentleman does not
advocate it that I am astonished. Does he wish
to place the blacks and whites upon an equality ?
The gentleman does not certainly desire this; and
I am satisfied, therefore, that if the gentleman
would take the trouble to examine the subject, he
would be in favor of it.
Mr. CONRAD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him whether whites and blacks are upon an
equality now, as regards the right to hold prop-
erty ?
Mr. GREEN. Blacks have the right to hold
property, and, even, if you adopt this amendment,
it will not take away their right to hold property
in Oregon. But does not the gentleman know that
there is a vast difference between the right to hold
property, under legal acquisition, by purchase or
inheritance, and a right to hold property that
comes to him in the form of a donation ? If the
gentleman does not understand the distinction, it
will be in vain for me to attempt to explain it to
him. Does he not know the difference between
dealing out bounties by the Government to induce
the blacks to settle there, and the principle of law
which secures to them theenjoyment of their legal
acquisitions? This principle of law exists in
Oregon, as well as in Missouri or Louisiana. But
that is not the question before the committee. The
question is this. We propose to give to the white
settlers in Oregon 'donations of land. Shall we
give the same donations to the blacks? Shall we
elevate them to an equality with the whites? Shall
we countenance the principle contended for by the
gentleman from Ohio—the principle of amalgama-
tion ? Shall we mix the races ? Shall we eon-
found them in our legislation, or our political ac-
tion ? Let the common judgment of the country
give the response. The principal reason why 1
have sought an opportunity to make these remarks
is because 1 believed that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had misunderstood the character of the prop-
osition before the committee.
Mr. CARTTER. Will the gentleman withdraw
the amendment ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly, sir, I withdraw it.
Mr. CARTTER. I now renew the motion. I
am in favor, sir, of this amendment. It provides,
as I understand it, that white settlers who are citi-
zens of the United States, or who are in prospect
of becoming such, shall receive donations of pub-
lic lands. And there is a class of persons there,
denominated half-breeds; these will not be affected
by this amendment. With this construction I am
in favor of it. The people of the Territory of Ore-
gon, for a very good reason, doubtless, are endeav-
oring to guard themselves against the intrusion of
the blacks into that territory, and the mingling of
the African race with the Indians, as well as with
the whites; which, if permitted, would lead to an
association in civil rights in the community; and
the people of the territory have the supreme power
of determining their rights. And I hold that
we ought not to fix upon them a restriction against
which they themselves rebel. But 1 am in favor
of the amendment for another reason; and it is
this: The granting of th"e public domain to
blacks, in this instance, would be a stepping stone
to systems of a similar character, that would de-
feat what I regard as the only relief to this nation,
m connection with the slavery of the African race.
I sympathize with them deeply; but I have no
sympathy for them in a common residence with •
the white race. God has ordained, and no human
law can contravene the ordinance, that the two races
shall be separate and distinct; and if the blacks
would occupy a position of equality with the white
race, it must be, not by commingling with the
whites, but by a separation from them. They
must exist separately. I will vote against any
measure that has a tendency to prolong their com-
mon residence in this Confederacy, or any portion
of it. I am opposed to tolerating a common resi-
dence in the free States for another reason. It
affords an opportunity to the holders of this kind
of property to throw off into the free States their
worthless, worn out, and decrepit slaves; making
the free States a kind of safety-valve, by which to
rid themselves of the incumbrance of their super-
fluous black population, for the better preservation
of the remainder and the perpetuating of an insti-
tution that I regard as damning upon the prosper-
ity of this country. My own Stale has a law—
and every State in the Union ought to have a simi-
lar one—which is calculated to separate the races:
for the only relief for this country, upon this ques-
tion—if this continent is destined to be the home
of free democracy and the legitimate inheritance
