1850.
the congressional globe.
1097
customary for the House to adjourn for so short a
time as that which was proposed. It would not
afford a sufficient opportunity to make tfye sum-
mer arrangements, which he knew could not be
made in less than four days. He knew that, at
least, four days were necessary, from the fact tfoat
he had happened at the last session to serve upon
the committee who had charge of this subject.
The consequence would be, unless this vote was
reconsidered, that the officers of the House would
be obliged to proceed on Sunday with the arrange-
ments of the Hall, expecting that the House
would meet on Monday for, the transaction of
business as usual. If, therefore, the House ex-
pected the new arrangements to be completed by
Monday, they would impose upon the officers of
the House the necessity of working upon the Sab-
bath. Besides, it was known to gentlemen that
a very distinguished gentleman from Virginia
(Bishop Campbell) was to preach in this Hall on
the Sabbath; and he hoped that no arrangement
would be made to prevent the service.
Mr. JONES said he understood that the arrange-
ment would not interfere with the appointment of
that gentlemen to preach here on the Sabbath; and
if the summer arrangements should not be en-
tirely completed on Monday, the House could
then adjourn again.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish it to be understood—
because I know it was not contemplated by the
mover that this House adjourn again on Monday—
that the arrangements cannot be completed by that
time. This I know to be a fact from past expe-
rience.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table, and I move that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid on the table.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. MASON asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files the papers of Jesse E. Jack-
son, in order for their presentation at the Pension
Office.
The motion of Mr. Bayly being agreed to,
The House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mr. PHELPS : A bill granting the right of way over
the public lands to the Missouri and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and donating land to the State of Missouri to aid in
constructing a railroad from St. Louis to the western line
of Missouri.
PETipONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of A. C. Lippett
and 83 others, citizens of New London, Conn- cticut, for
the establishment of a marine hospital at that place.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of Chailes H. Buxen-
stein, of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, for an increase
of pension.
I*> Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of Willis Wilkins.
By Mr. PITMAN : The petition of William Harris and
92 other citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing Congress for an immediate modification of existing tariff
laws.
Also, the petition of John C. Lessig and 67 other citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, a>kmg Congress for an
immediate modification of exutine tariff laws.
Alio, the petition of Jeremiah Reed and 53 other citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking for an immediate
modification of existing tariff laws.
Also, the petition of Thomas Pethenick and 57 other citi-
zens ol Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, asking for an im-
mediate modification of existing tariff laws.
Also, the peuiion of William Hofaian and 38 other citi-
zens of'Schujlkill county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress
for an immediate modification of existing tariff laws.
AWo, the pemion ot Andrew Levering and 49 other citi-
zens. of t;cbu}lkill county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress
for an immediate modification of existing tariff laws.
Also, the petition of John Bol inger and 60 other citizens
of Schuylkill count), Pennsylvania, asking Congress for an
immediate modification of existing tariff laws.
By Mr. ROBBINS: A memorial Mgned by Nathan B.Ives,
M. JD., and 6 others, members of the American Medical
Association, asking that the grades of medieal officer? ot the
navy shall Jyive the same degree of rank, relatively, to offi-
ce! s of the hue in the navy, as ci nespondin« grades of medi-
cal officers m the army.now possess, according to law.
Also, one signed by Jrunes W. Thompson, M. D , and 12
others, members of the convention for the revision of the
Pharmacopeia, held at Washington, May 7,1850, for the
same object.
By Mr. REED: The petition of Thomas Miller and 69
otht'rs, cmzon> of Washington count}, Pennsylvania, pra>-
mir fm such modification ol the present tariff asshallst-cure
am;<le protection to our national interests against foreign
competition.
AI>o, the petition of William Whiser and others, for
Uie same object.
Also, the petition of George C. Stoolfire and 26 others, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Samuel Bigger and 33 others, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of John Ramsey and 44 others, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of James S. Crawford and45 others, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of James Moore and 14 others, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of John Foster and 17 others, for the
same object.
By Mr. CAMPBELL : The petition of David E. Beaty
and others, citizens of Butler county, Ohio, praying that
a joint resolution may be passed by Congress, authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to order one of the national ves-
sels to transport across the Atlantic such delegates as may
go from this country to attend the Peace Congress to be
holden in the city of Frankfort, Germany, in August next.
Also, the petition of John H. Thomas and 47 others, citi-
zens of Jacks>onsburg, Butler county, Ohio, for the same
object.
Also, the petition of Andrew Patton and 83 others, citi-
zens of the town of Springsborough and vicinity, in the
county of Warren, and State of Ohio, for the same object.
Ateo, the petition of James George, William P. Young,
and others; officers in the war with Mexico, praying for an
appropriation of land similar to that given to the soldiers
who served under them.
Also, the petition of Henry O. Bruce and 34 others, citi-
zens of Bloomington and vicinity, in the county of Clinton,
Ohio, for the establishment of a post-route from Wilming-
ton, in said county, via Bloomington to Jamestown, in the
county of Greene.
By Mr. JOHN A. KING: The memorial of Dr. John R.
Rhinelander, in favor of the medical officers of the Navy
of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 29, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of the
Interior, transmitting translations and copies of
documents to accompany the report of William
Carey Jones, communicated April 22d, 1850, in
compliance with a resolution of the 17th ultimo.
Mr. FELCH moved that the documents be
printed, and that additional numbers be printed
for the use of the Senate; which motion was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of citizens of
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, stating that they
had found the tariff of 1846 most disastrous to
their industrial pursuits; that the system of lay-
ing a uniform duty according to invoice in a for-
eign country has proved fatal to all those pursuits
in this country in which labor Constitutes the
major part. They ask, therefore, for a system of
specific duties upon all articles which come in
competition with American products, of an amount
equal at least to the ad valorem duties which would
have been collected under the present law, if for-
eign manufactures were at the same prices which
prevailed when that law was passed; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a petition from the members of the Free
Congregational Church of Milwaukee, Wiscon-
sin, asking that the bill now pending in the Senate
which provides for the recovery of fugitive slaves
may not become a law, which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wilton, in New
Hampshire, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, and a
petition of citizens of New Hampshire, asking- that
slavery may be prohibited by law in certain territo-
ries of the United States.
Also, a petition of the members of the Meth-
odist Episcopal Church, asking that slavery may j
be prohibited by law in the territories of the Um- j
ted States, and abolished in the District of Co- (
lumbia. i
Also, a petition of the Salem Quarterly Meeting ;
of Friends in Ohio, asking that Congress will make
no further provision by law for the recovery of
fugitive slaves.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
William Archer, of the city of Washington, ask-
ing that Congress would pass an act to authorize
the President of the United States to cause one or
more of the public ships to be stationed in the bay
of San Francisco, to* receive and safely keep all
the gold collected, to prevent it being taken out of
the United States in an uncoined state; and that d
treasurer and refiners of gold may be appointed to
each ship; that the gold be bought fortheUnited
States; and that the portion of its value between
$17 an ounce and the real value be applied to
make a railroad from the national metropolis to
San Francisco; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of Richard
Mackall, asking compensation for property de-
stroyed by the enemy during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Also, a memorial of the heirs of Elizabeth
Fnsby, asking indemnification for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CLAY. I have received a petition from &
number of citizens of the county of Berks, in the
State of Pennsylvania, irrespective of party, rep-
resenting that, under the present tariff law, their
iron, coal, and other interests are unprofitable, and
that many of their laborers are thrown out of em-
ployment, and consequently are unable to earn the
means of subsistence; that labor is depreciated in
value, and that destitution and distress prevail;
and praying for a modification of the tariff and a
change from a system of ad valwem to specific
duties, sufficient in amount to afford protection.
Mr. President, I have heard with great concern
that those interests referred to in Pennsylvania are
suffering, and that a great number of their furnaces
are out of blast, and the laborers are dismissed. I
have heard, with reference to some other interests
connected with manufacturing, that a great deal of
distress is prevailing. I am very sorry for it. Of
one thing, however, the country may be assured,
that until this unhappy question of slavery-is settled
in some way or other, Congress will not, Congress
cannot look to any other of the great interests of the
country. Formyself,I say, with perfect truth, that
so completely has my mmd been engrossed and mo-
nopolized by the importance of this subject, by the
consequence of a failure on the part of Congress to
settle this question, that I have been utterly unable
to look to any other subject of national interest
with the care that it demands. I have not felt an
emotion, I declare solemnly, I have not felt an
emotion connected with party polities since the
commencement of the present session; so entirely
is my mind engrossed with a desire to settle this
question, and leave legislation once more free to
survey the interests of the country, and do what
those interest may require. Sir, if we can make
such an adjustment, for one, I shall be disposed to
-look with care into these interests, and, without
attempting to introduce any extravagant system of
protection for any of them, I shall be disposed to
look at them; and I am sure i speak the sentiments
of most of the members on both sides of thia
Chamber, when I say, they will be disposed to give
that attention to these interests which they require."
I am happy to be able to avow, and to announce
to the country, that I have had, m my anxiety to
settle the questions connected with the institution
of slavery, a free intercourse with many Demo-
cratic friends. I have known them better, and ap-
preciated them more, than when looking at them
through the'eyes of party; and I am strongly in-
clined" to believe that they, as well as the other
side of the House, will be disposed to look into
these distressed portions of the manufacturing in-
terets; and if there is a real necessity for doing
something, moderate and not extravagant—some-
thing to save them from ruin—I am persuaded that
all parts of the House will come up to the rescue.
But I cannot repeat too often that till we settle
these great questions which are now threatening
to divide the country, it will be utterly impossible
to look at any others. I move that the petition be
received, and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
James Edwards, asking payment for losses in-
curred by the destruction of his property during
the Seminole war, asked to be discharged from
thefurther consideration of the same, on the ground
that an adverse report had already been made and
concurred in by the Senate. Without regard to
that fact, it had been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, without any additional evidence.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was leferred the several memo-
; rials of merchants, shipowners, and other citizens
! of Baltimore, asking that a law may be passed
j defining the duties of skippers and limiting the lia-
