THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
For Mr. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cleveland, Doty, and
Waldo.
For Mr, Mann, of Massachusetts—Messrs. Campbell and
Crowe)!.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Hubbard and Orr.
For Mr. Boyd—Mr. Burt.
For Mr. Bayly—Mr. Holme?.
For Mr. Cleveland—Mr. Peck.
For Mr. Howe—Mr. Wilmot.
For Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee—Mr. Woodward.
No gentleman having received a majority of the
whole number, the House again proceeded to vote.
The roll was then called a ninth time, when the
tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 224; necessary to a choice 113; of
which—
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia received 100
Mr. Wmthiop «. 97
Mr. Wilmot  8
Mr. Gentry    6
Mr. Poitci  -i
Mi. Mann, of Massachusetts      2
Mr. Richardson    2
Mr. Cleveland    1
Mr. Dnrkee    1
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee  3
Mr. Boyd  1
Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas  1
224
The followingis the vote in detail:
For Mr. Co&6—-Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bap
Bayly, Beale, Bi^eJl, Bocock, Bovvdon, Bowhn, Bojd>
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Bin!, Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Cariter, Williamson R. Vv. Cobb, Col-
cock, Daniel, Dnnmtck, Disney, Dunham, Fdmundson,
JSwmg, Pcathersioii, Fitch, Falter, Gerry, Gthnoie, Gorman,
Green, Hackett, flail, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Har-
lan, Harmanson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson VV. Harris, T.
It. Harris, Hibbard, Hoasland, Holladav, Howard, Fn^e, An-
drew Johnson,.Robert W. Johnson, Jones*, Kaufman, La
S&re, L^ffi'-r, LiUlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClemand,
MeOonaW, McDowell, McLanxhan, R. M. McLane, Mc-
Mullen, McQueen, McWjlhe, Meade,Miller, Iviillson, Mor-
ris, Morse, Olds, Parker, Peus-lee, Phe!p°, Potter, Powell,
Riehards-on, Robhins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle,
Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,
Strong. Sweeper, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Wilham Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wallace,
Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, and
Young.
For Mr. Wintfoop—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, A-dimun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breek,
Brigss, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. But-
ler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Clingtnan, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corvvm, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Hallo-
way, Hampton, riay, Raymond, Hebard, Heniy, Houston,
Hunter, Jackson, James L Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Levm, Hor-
ace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKt«sock,
Finis E. M'-L^an, Meacham, Moore, Morthead, Nelson,
Ne?, Newell, Ogle. OtH. Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
Heed, Reynolds, Ri>ley, Rockwell, Rose, Itumsey, Sa< kett,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvoter,
Spau'ding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John
33. Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Waikms, White, Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr. Wilmot—Messrs. Allen, Booth, Durkee, Gtddings,
Howe, Preston King, Root, and Tuck.
For Mr. Gentry— Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Hilhard, Morton,
Owen, A. II. Stephens, ami Toombs,
F.jr Mr. Minn, of Massachusetts—Messrs. Campbell and
Crowe! 1.
For Mr. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cleveland, Doty, and
Waldo.
F r Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Hubbard, and Orr.
For Mr. Boyd—Mr. Burt.
For Mr. J)hn,-on)of Jhkanias—Mr. Hohnes.
For Mr. Cleveland—Mr. Peck.
For Mr. Darkee—Mr. Wilmot.
For Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee—Mr. Woodward.
No choice.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the House do
now adjourn until the hour of twelve to-morrow.
Tellers were called for.
Mr. BAYLY, demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The Clerk decided that the demand for the yeas
and nays was not in order.
Mr. BAYLY appealed from the decision.
Mr. MEADE was understood to say that
the Constitution of the United States gave the
right to each House to have the yeas and nays
taken on any question. If this was not a House,
this thing could not be done. He submitted that
this was a House.
(A Voice: Weare an assembly of freemen.]
Mr. MEADE read from the Constitution of the
United States the following provision; [Article I,
section 5, latter part of the 3d clause.]
"The yeas and nays of the members of either Bouse ob
any question shall, at the desire of one filth ot' those pres-
ent, be entered on the Journal."
Mr. BAYLY said: There are two provisions
of the Constitution bearing upon this question.
The one is inthes=e words: " Each House shall keep
a Journal of its proceedings, and from time to time
publish the same, excepting such parts as may, in
their judgment, require secrecy; and the yeas and
nays of the members of either House on any question
shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be
entered on the Journal." The following is the
other: " The House of Representatives shall choose
their Speaker and other officers." The Clerk, in
his decision, goes upon the assumption that we are
not the House contemplated until we have 'elected
a Speaker. But it is very clear, from the language
of the Constitution, that in this he is mistaken.
He has been keeping a Journal, and this morning
read it as the Journal of the House of Representa-
tives. We are now attempting to choose a
Speaker. And why? Because we are the House
of Representatives authorized by the Constitution to
do so. The House which is required to keep a
Journal and choose a Speaker, is the identical body,
one fifth of the members of which may require the
yeas and nays of the members to be entered upon
that Journal.
This is the letter of the Constitution. But the
spirit of it is as manifest as the letter. The object
of the Constitution is, to authonze one fifth of the
representatives of the people to require a record to
be made of the names of those who participate in
any action which they may take in their represent-
ative character. We are acting in that character
now, as emphatically as we will be after the or-
ganization; and it is quite as important that the
evidence of what we do should be preserved now,
aa then. The question seems to me to be clear of
doubt. *
The Clerk said thathe might probably have been
in error in making: the decision. He would now
withdraw that decision, and would put the ques-
tion to the House, and let the House decide it.
Mr. BAYLY said he would withdraw his ap-
peal.
j Mr. MEADE inquired what the question before
j the House was ?
The Clerk said it was on taking the yeas and
Mr. ME?ADE read from the first article, second
section, of the Constitution, the following pro-
vision:
t{ The Hou>e of Representatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officers, and shall have the sole power of im-
peachment."
This clause, Mr. MEADE remarked, contem-
plated the House as a House before the Speaker
was chosen.
Mr. MEADE also referred, again to the provis-
ion authorizing each House to take the yeas and
nays, &c. *
The Clerk said that he had withdrawn his de-
cision; that he would not decide the question of
order, but would leave the House to decide it.
The question was therefore declared to be on
taking the yeas and nays.
And the question having been taken, the Clerk
stated that the yeas and nays were ordered.
A very brief conversation followed, in which
Messrs. SCFIENCK, DOER, RICHARDSON,
and the Clerk, participated, as to whether the
vote of a majority was required to order the yeas
and nays; when
Mr. WILLIAMS said that though it was clear
that no SpeaKer could be elected to-day, yet, to
save further trouble, he would withdraw his mo-
i tion.
| So the motion to adjourn was withdrawn,
j The House then again proceeded to vote for
1 Speaker.
The roll was then called a tenth time, when the
tellers reported that the whole number of votes
j given in was 224; necessary to a choice 113 *, of
which—
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, received 9D
Mr. Wmthrop  97
Mr. Wilmot  9
Mr. Gentiy  6
Mr. Potter     4
Mr. Richardson  3
Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts  2
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee 2
Mr. Cleveland  1
| Mr. Durkee  1
834
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Cobb—Messrs,. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Btsseil, Bocock, Bowdori, Bovvhn, Boyd,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Cartter, W. It. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Daniel, Diwmidc, Disney, Dunham, Edmund^on, Ewing,
Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gitmore, Gorman, Green,
Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan,
Harmanson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,Thomas
L. Harri«, Hibbaid, Hoagland, Hollad.iy, Howard, Inge7
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La
Sere, LcfHer, Littlefitld, Job Mann, Mason, McClemand,
McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, R. M. McLane, Mc-
Mullen, McQueen, Me Willie,Meade, Miller, Millson. Mor-
ris, Morse, Olds, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps. Potter, Powell,
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle,
Seddou, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,.
Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Jas. Thomp-
son, William Thompson,Venable, Waldon, Wallace, Well-
born, Whittlcsev, Wildrick, Wood, and Young.
For Mr. Wmthrojt—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Brtker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Bnegs, Brooks, Burrows,Chester Bmler, T. B. Butler, J. P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandlei Claike,Chneman,Cole,
Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Deherry, Dickey, Dixon, Ducr,
Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan?, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Goodenow, Gott,Gouid, Giinnell, Halloway, Hampton,
Ha.\, Haymond, Hebaid, Henry, Houston, Hunter, Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. Kmii, Levin, H. Mann, Marshall,
Matteson, McGaughey, MeKissock, F. E. McLean, Meach
am, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Otis'
Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Heed, Reynolds, Ridley*
Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Saekeit, Schenck, Schermerhorn>
Schoolcraft, ShepperdjSilveMer, Spauldmg, Sprague,Stanly*
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson,Thurmnm
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, VVatkins, White, Wilhamsr
and Wilson. r
For Mr. AHen, Booth, Durkee, Gid-
dings, Ilowe, Pret-ton King, Root" Tuck, and Wentworth.
For Mr. Gentry—Messis. E- C. Cabell, Morton, Owen,
A. H. Stephens, Tonmbs, and Hilhard.
For Mi, Jotter—Messrs. Bingham, Cleveland, Doty, and"
Waldo.
Far Mr. Richardson—Messis. Burt, Hubbard, and Orr.
For Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts—Messrs. Campbell and
Crowell.
For Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee—Messrs. Holmes and
Woodward.
For Mr. Cleveland—Mr. Peck.
For Mr. Durkee—Mr. Wihnot.
There was no choice.
And then, on motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of
Arkansas, the House adjourned until 12 o'clock
to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Deeember 5, 1849.
The following Senators appeared in their
to-day, for the first tilfPte:
Mr. Bradbury of Maine.
Mr. Borland of Arkansas.
Mr. Dickinson of New York.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. MANGUM. I have in my hand a resolu-
tion which I will send to the Secretary's table,
in order that it may be read, and I hope that it will
be by unanimous consent acted upon immediately.
It proposes to give aid to the President of this body
in the discharge of the multifarious duties devolv-
ing upon him. I will remark that it is not without
precedent. During the whole period that Colonel
Richard M. Johnson filled the office of Vice Presi-
dent and President of this body, he was allowed a
clerk, and the office was not dispensed with untif
a President pro tempore was elected. Indeed, is
was not until I had the honor to discharge the
duties of that office that the employment of a clerk
was deemed unnecessary. I will remark, in ad-
dition, that the Vice President is suffering from aft
affection of the eyes, which renders.it impossible
for him to read or write by candlelight.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Vice President be authorized to em
ploy a clurk during the present session, and that sueh clerfc
be paid the same rate of compensation as heretofore paid to
peisons employed in that capacity.
Mr. MASON. 1 did not hear the reasons that
were assigned by the gentleman from INorth Caro-
lina for the adoption of this resolution. I presume
there are some reasons for it; but unless I can
more clearly understand what they are, I would
prefer that the resolution be permitted to lie over
until to-morrow.
Mr. MANGUM. I will repeat what I said, if
the gentleman desires it. I remarked that it was
not without precedent; that during the time when
Colonel Johnson was Vice President he had the
services of a clerk, and the office was not dis-
pensed with until I had the honor to be elected
President pro tempore of this body; and the reason
for the distinction will be perceived. The extent
of the correspondence of the President pro tempore
of the Senate is m>t probably as great as that of
the Vice President; hut the reason in this case, as
I stated, is the fact of the Vice President laboring
under a defect of vision > on account of which he
is unable to attend himself to his correspondence;
