1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
bilities of the owners of freighting ships in certain
cases, reported a bill to limit the liabilities of ship-
owners, and for other purposes; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which was referred the
bill to amend the act entitled " An act granting a
section of land for the improvement of Grant river,
at the town of Potosi, in the State of Wisconsin,
reported back the same without amendment.
THE ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a report from
the Committee of Claims, which I am directed
to present, in reference to a claim amounting to
$120,000, preferred by the Alexandria and Orange
Railroad Company, as assignees of the State of Vir-
ginia, for that amount of money advanced by the
Commonwealth of Virginia to aid the Government
of the United States in the erection of public build-
ings in the city of Washington. I am instructed
to make a statement of the facts and arguments by
which the claim has been urged before the com-
mittee, and to ask that the report be printed for the
use of Senators, and to request that the Senate will
instruct the committee what to do with reference
to the c'aim. The committee have not settled on
the facts and arguments, and the Senate can do it
just as well without as with the action of the com-
mittee. I have individually prepared a resolution
to accompany the report, for the purpose of bring-
ing the matter befnie the Senate, proposing that
the committee be instructed to bring in a bill for
the payment of t^e claim without interest. The
report is the action of the committee; the resolu-
tion is my individual act.
The motion to printthe report was then agreed to.
The Secretary next read the resolution submitted
by Mr. Underwood, as follows:
Resolrei, That the Committee of Claims lie instructed to
report a bill providing for the payment to the President and
Directors, of the Orange and Alexandna Railroad Company
the sum of $120,000, hut without interest, in full of that sum
advanced by the Commonwealth ot Virginia to the use of the
United State*, to aid in the erection of public buildings in the
District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution lies
on the table one day under the rule.
PORT OP BALTIMORE TONNAGE DUTIES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred House bill No. 97,
being an act to continue in force an act therein
mentioned relating to the port of Baltimore, re-
p.utrd back the same without an amendment, and
recommended its passage.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. In 1791 an act was passed by
the Legislature of Maryland authorizing the impo-
sition of a slight tax upon the tonnage of vessels in
the port of Balumoie, of only two cents per ton upon
vessels of above sixty ton3 burden. That act expired
by its own limitation, and was renewed by an act of
Congress limiting its continuance to 1808. It has
bren revived from time to time to the present. The
act renewing it for the last, period will expire with
this month. The money thus raised upon the
tonnage entering that haibor is appropriated to its
repairs, and to the affording of commercial facili-
ties. This act has always been in existence since
1791, and I apprehend that, as the bill has passed
the House, there can be no objection to it. The
Committee on Commerce are united in the opinion
that it should receive the favorable action of the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will concur m the opinion of the committee.
There seems to be a necessity for money from
Bome source to aid in clearing out the harbor of the
port of Baltimore, which is subject, from natural
causes to be filled up with mud. This has been
found to be a convenient way of furnishing the
- means of keeping the harbor dredged and clear,
and I believe the Government has experienced no
inconvenience from it.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, was read a third time,
and passed.
PRIVATE BILL.
The bill for the relief of Joseph P. Williams,
which was yesterday ordered to be engrossed, was
read a third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to a communication received from the
President a few days ago, in answer to a resolu-
tion submitted by the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Yui.ee,] calling for the correspondence between
the different departments of the Government and
the United States naval and military officers in
California and Oregon. When this communica-
tion was received a motion was made to print it.
It was, however, subsequently withdrawn, on the
supoosition that the papers were in part confiden-
tial. I have examined them, and find nothing
which can be considered confidential. 1 therefore
move that they be piinted.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over on day under the rules:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Intel lor be directed
to communicate lo the Senate ihe information possessed by
or properly within the scope of in.-, department in i elation
to the applications of private claimants to the Hot Spimgs
of Arkansas, or any portion of the four sections of land sur-
rounding Ihese spniigs, reserved from sale since the 2d of
Apul, 183-2, toeclhcr with the action of the General Land
Oifice and of any other of the Executive Departments in
relation to such application0.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for the payment of outstanding loan-
office and final-settlement certificates, issued for
money loaned or for services or supplies during
the revolutionary war.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish a branch mint of the United States in
the city of New York.
The question was on the motion of Mr. Brad-
bury to amend the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, by substituting for the pro-
posed additional sections the provisions originally
submitted by Mr. Benton.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have no desire to oppose
all proper regulations for California; I would pre-
fer, however, that all these questions should be
kept separate from the bill to establish a mint in
the city of New York. But still, as there is a
very strong feeling that something should be done
at the same time for California, 1 will make no re-
sistance. The proposition is this, as I understand
it: The Senator from Mississippi moves to estab-
lish two assay offices in different parts of Califor-
nia, and the Senator from Maine revives the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, which is to
establish one assay office and a mint. I am in-
clined to think that is as much as is now necessary
for California. If it shall be found that more are
necessary, when California comes to be admitted
as a State, they can be provided. I do not wish to
say much about it. I favor some arrangement
which may meet the present necessities, but I pre-
fer that it should not be added to this bill. But
as a large portion of the Senate, at any rate, desire
to add something to this bill, the Senate must,
without any particular affirmative action or resist-
ance on my part, take such action as may seem
best.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest to the mover
of this proposition to strike out both assay offices
instead' of one, and leave that matter of assay
offices to be regulated hereafter, simply providing
for a mint at San Francisco.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is an assayer in every
mint.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me, that under all
the circumstances of the case, that is the best way
we can now dispose of the matter. I have no
doubt that a mint in the proper place, to melt and
refine the gold dust and send it forth in the shape
of coin for the purposes of commerce, may be
needed. Coin will beneeded there for that purpose.
I have no idea that they will coin enough for all
the commerce of the Pacific ocean; but I believe it
will be found best for the miners and for Califor-
nia to confine its operation to the supply of the
local demand for coin. The export of gold from
California is destined perhaps to be as important as
the export of cotton from the South, and is des-
tined to have an important and an immediate bear-
ing upon the commercial calculations of the world.
I believe, therefore, from all I have been able to
learn in relation to it, that it is best now only to
establish a mint at San Francisco. If it shall be
found, as I think probably it will be, that another
office is required, it can be established hereafter.
I hope, therefore, the Senator from Maine will
confine, his amendment to the establishment of a
mint at San Francisco.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would say to the Senator
from Virginia that my amendment proposes pre-
cisely what he desires. The explanation which
1 undertook to make led the Senator into an error.
The amendment proposes the establishment of one
assay office at San Francisco, in the mint to be
established there. My purpose, in moving this
amendment, was to provide for the present, be-
cause we are not in possession of all the informa-
tion which we may have when California is repre-
sented on this floor; and, therefoie, while it is
necessary we should do something to furnish that
Territory an assay office, and ultimately with a
mint, we should go no further than is absolutely
necessary till we get that information, of which, I
hope, we shall soon be in possession. So that now
the proposition is to establish one assay office, and
a mint hereafter; and, if necessary, other assay of-
fices can be established at the points indicated by
the Senator from Mississippi, or at such other
points that may be found more convenient. I am
satisfied that if we establish assay offices, as pro-
posed in the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, we shall need one at San Francisco, and
shall, ultimately, have to establish one there, so
that we shall have a larger number than will be
necessary. It will be much easier to extend the
number, if necessary, than to retrench hereafter.
Mr. BENTON. When it was first proposed by
the Senator from Mississippi to make two assay
offices, I agreed to it; but, on looking at the map,
my opinion is that the offices there will not suit
the diggers nor the purchasers—will not be conve-
nient to the mine3 nor to the Pacific. They are
near the mouths of the rivers, and the mines are
distant along the sides of the mountains. San
Francisco is at tide water, I therefore think that
the amendment should be adopted in the form in
which it was first proposed, and which, I think,
meets the ideas of the Senator from Virginia; that
is, to establish a mint at San Francisco, and as
soon as the building and machinery are ready—
which will not be in much less time than two
years—the same person who has occupied the
office of assayer can be appointed as assayer in the
mint.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to offer a
very brief statement in relation to this matter. The
purpose which I had m proposing the two points
for the establishment of asMy offices was to benefit
California. I have no otnfr purpose now than-to
relieve the miners of the burden which they now
bear in the tax on gold dust, resulting from the ne-
cessity of carrying it to some market, instead of
having assay offices near to the mines. The points
I indicated were in the vicinity of the two princi-
pal mines which have been worked. We know
that a great deal of gold has been found in
other parts. Gold is said to exist in Oregon and
in, other places. We know there is gold in Mexi-
co in abundance, atjd in the northern parts of So-
nora there are said to be the richest mines. If these
assay offices are located in the vicinity of the mines
now worked and known to be rich, and putin op-
eration, with or without a mint at San Francisco,
I think they will best meet the wants of the people
of California. 1 said on a former occasion that I
thought it proper and desirable to have a mint at
San Francisco. The Senate thought otherwise,
and I yielded to thpir decision; and 1 shall yield to
the decision of the Senate now, whatever it may
be.
Mr. BADGER. I should be extremely happy
to hear what is the precise question before the Sen-
ate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] proposes to amend the
bill by adding a section providing for the establish-
ment of two assay offices in California. The Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] proposes to strike
out that amendment, and inser,t sections providing
for a branch mint at San Francisco, California.
Mr. CLAY. I understand that the proposition
now before the Senate is simply to establish a
branch mint at San Francisco without any assay
office.
Several Senators. With an assay office.
Mr. DICKINSON. An assayeris necessary to
a mint as a matter of course.
Mr. BENTON. I will explain the proposition
