1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the greater part of which must be transacted by
candle-light, the Vice President being necessarily
occupied during the greater part, Qf (he day in the
discharge of his duties in this body. I hope,
therefore, the resolution will be unanimously
adopted.
The resolution was agreed to.
After an interval of about twenty minutes—
Mr. MANGUM said : Mr. President, having
ascertained from a quarter which I think is au-
thentic, that the House of Representatives will
not be organized in time for the transaction of any
business to-day, and as we seem to be seated here
very much at ease, and without anything to do, 1
move that the Senate now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 5, 1849.
The House was called to order at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, 'the House again
proceeded to vote for Speaker.
Mr. Hilliard, of Alabama; Mr. Strong, of
Pennsylvania; Mr. Duer, of New York; and
Mr. Miller, of Ohio, resumed their seats at the
desk, to act as tellers to count the vote. I
The House then again proceeded to vote for
Speaker.
The roll was then called the eleventh time, when
'the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 223; necessary to a choice 112; of
which—
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, received  98
Mr. Wirithrop  "7
Mr. Root  <
Mr. Gentry  5
Mr. Potter  4
Mr. Richardson  *
Mr. Cleveland  *
Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts 
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee  1
Mr. Kins, ol New York  I
Mr. Allen  j
Mr. Venable  *
The following is the vote in detail:
jFor Mr. Oobh—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
B >ly Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowini, Boyd, Al-
bert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell,Canter, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcoek, Dan-
iel, Omirmek,Disney. Dunham, Ednmndson.Ewing, Feath-
erston, Fitcli, Fuller,Gerry, Gilinore, Gorman,Green, Hack-
ett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, flarman-
son, Isham G. Harris, Sampson \V. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Hibbnrd, Hoaj>land,Holladay, Howard, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kantman, La Sere. Leffler, Lit-
tlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McCleinarid, McDonald, Mc-
~Dowell, McLanahan, R. M. McLane, McMulhn, McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds,
Parker, Peaslee, Pnelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fred-
erick P. Slanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
William Thompson,Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, and Young.
For Mr. Winthroji—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Bri<" ^, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cling-
min Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey, Dix-
on Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fow-
ler Freedlev, Goudeiiow, Gott, Gould, Grinned, Hallows;',
Hampton, Hay, Haymnnd, Hebard, Henry, H™5'0". Hun-
ter, Jackson, James L Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. Kin®, Geo.
G. Kins'. James G. King, John A. King, Levm, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Matteson. McGauahey, McKissock, Finis
E McLean, Meacham, Moore, Moreheail, Nelson, IVes,
Newell. Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Piiremx, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell. Rose, Rumsey, Sackctt,
Sciienck, Schermcrhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Soauldins, Sprague, Stanly, Tliaddeus Stevens, Taytor,
John B. Thompson, Thiirman, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Watkins, White, Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr. Root—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, Glddmgs, Howe,
Preston King. Tuck, and Wilmot.
For Mr. Gentry—Messrs. F.. C. Cabell, Moiton, Owen,
Alexander H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cleveland, Doty, and
^I'or'iwr. Richardson—Messrs. Burt, Hubbard, Orr, and
jviy. Mann, of Massachusetts—Messrs. Campbell and
Cleveland—Messrs. Booth and Peek.
For Mr• Stanton, of Tennessee—Mr. Woodward.
For Mr. Venable-— Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Mtcn—Mr. Root.
For Mr. Preston King—Mr. Wentworlh.
Ho gentleman having received a majority of the
whole number, the House again proceeded to vote.
The roll was then called a twelfth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 223; necessary to a choice 112; of
which—
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, received  97
Mr. Winthrop.  97
Mr. Root     7
Mr. Gentry     5
Mr. Potter....'.    5
Mr. Richardson . •  4
Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts  2
Mr. Cleveland  2
Mr. Harmanson  1
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee    1
Mr. Allen  }
Mr. Booth     1
223
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Cobb— Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bavly, Be<Ue, Bissrll, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowiin, Boyd,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Bue), Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Carttcr, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcoek,
Daniel, Dimmiek, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing,
Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green,
Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, H.irmanson,
I^ham G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Ribbard, Hoa«land, Holladav, Howard, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Leffler, Lil-
tlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand. McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McLanahan, R.M. McLane, McMullen. MeaiTPen,
McWillie, Meade, Aliller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds,
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Ross, Savaee, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Swcctser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, W.Thomp-
son, Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Wood, and Young. .
For Mr. Winthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
i drew"?, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee. Bowie, Breck,
1 Brigss, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
1 Joseph P. Caldwell. Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cling-
1 man, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Hampton, Hay, Raymond, Hebard, Henry, Houston,
Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. Kim:,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Hor-
ace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaunhey, McKissock,
Finis E. McLean, Meacbam, Moore, Morohead, Nelson,
Nes Newell, Oi<>, Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, liose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schencic, Scherrnerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spauiding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Underwood, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Watkins White, Williams, and Wilson.
For Mr. Root—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, Gi^ings, Howe,
Preston King, Tuck, and Wilmot.
! For Mr. Gentry— Messrs. E. C. Cabed, Morton, Owen,
i A. H. Stephens, and Toombs.
: For Mr. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Cleveland, Doty, Har-
i lan. and Waldo. ,
I For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Hubbard, Orr, Burt, and
| In/W 3Xr. Mann, of Massachusetts— Messrs. Campbell and
^For^Mr. Cleveland—Messrs. Peck and Boofh.
For Mr. Stanton of Tennessee—Mr. Woodward.
For Mr. Harmanson—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. J2llen—Mr Root.
For Mr. Boothr-Mr. Wentworth.
No gentleman having received a majority of the
whole number, the House ag;y n proceeded to vote.
The roll was then called a thirteenth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 223; necessary to a choice 112; of
which—
Mr. Winthrop received   
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia   
Mr. Potter  i
Mr. Hoot  fi
Mr. Richardson   ®
Mr. Gentry  g
Mr. Cleveland *  "f
Mr. Allen    ,
Mr. Harris, of Alabama    *
Mr. Mann, ol Massachusetts  1
Jones, Kaufman, La S&re, Leffler. Littlefield, Job Mann,
Mason, McClmmnd, McDowpH, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Mead**, Miller,
Millson, Morris, Morse-, Old?, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Pra-
ter, Powell, Richardson, Robinson, Rosf, Savage, Sawtelle,
Seddon, Fredeiick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,
Strone, Sweet*er, Thomas, Jacob Thompson; James Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wallace, Weiir
born, Whittlesey, Wildrick, and Young
For Mr. Potter— Messrs. Bingham, Cartter, Cleveland,
Dotv, Harlan, McDonald, Waldo, Wentworlh, and -Wood.
For Mr. Root—Messis. Allen, Durkee, Giddings, Howe*
Pieston King, Tuck, and Wilmot.
For Mr. Gentry—Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Morton, Owen,
A. H. Stephens, and Toombs. ' v
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Hubbard, Orr, Btirt, Inge,
R. W. Johnson, and Woodward.
For Mr. Cleveland—Messrs. Peck and Booth.
For Mr. Mann, of Massachusetts—Mr. Crowell.
For Mr. Harris, of Alabama—Mr. Holmes.
For Mr. Mien—Mr. Root.
98
93
223
The following is the vote in detail: i
® For Mr. Wmthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Andeison, An-
drews, Astimun. Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Brioes. Brooks, Bm rows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. But-
ler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Campbell, Chandler,
Clarke, Clineman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corw.n, Deberry,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans Fowler, Freedlev, Gondenow, Gott, Gould, Grmnell,
Hallowav, Hampton, Iliy, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Ddiuu 1.
Kine, George G. King. James G. King, John A. King, Le-
vin Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey,McKls-
sock Finis B. McLean,Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Nel-
son 'Nes, Newell, Ogle, Otis, oraw, Phcemx, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Rej nolds, Risley. Eoekwell, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett. Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Silvester, Spanning, Sprague, Stanly^Thaddeus Stevens,
Tavlor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Underhill, Van
i Dv'ke, Vinton, Watkin«, White, Williams, and VS ilson.
I n " n*  Alk^.tr-nn Acho AtfPrPtt. I"
No choice. - ;•
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That if, on the next vote of the House for
Speaker, no individual shall receive a majority of all the
votes cast, the individual receiving a plurality of the votes
ihall be Speaker of the House of Representatives for the
present session, and he so declared by the Clerk. -
He remarked that he moved the adoption of
this resolution, well aware that it deviated from
the established custom and usage of the House, in
electing Speaker. So far as precedent was con-
cerned, when he was satisfied that good was to re-
sult from a strict compliance with it, for one h'e
was disposed to comply with it. But th.iB Con-
gress had convened for the purpose of disposing
of the public business, of subserving the publie
interests; they had been now two days trying to
elect a Speaker; this was the third day; he be-
i lieved fourteen votings had taken place, and no
I Speaker was yet elected. A Speaker elected by a
■ plurality vote, notwithstanding it would be a de-
5 parture from the established custom of this House,
1 would answer all the useful purposes of a Speaker
j elected by a majority. He thought the demon-
: strations which had been made in their, repeated
J ineffectual efforts proved most conclusively that
I they could not elect a Speaker by a majority, m
I any reasonable length of time. He was willing,
therefore, under ;he circumstances, to waive the
General rule, to make an innovation upon the es-
tablished custom, in order to effect an organiza-
tion without further waste of time. No government
had been established in this House. Nothing had
i! been accomplished towards organization. They
ji had made repeated attempts in vain to elect one
il officer, so as to proceed to other steps of orgam-
' zation. He had no other purpose to accomplish
than to enable the House to elect a Speaker, and
proceed with the business. He wanted aSpeaker
elected—either a Whig or a Democrat They had
remained blocked longenough; they had all become
obstinate; and, although no great excitement was
manifested, they were voting over and over again
for their particular friends. Let them, for the
present session, innovate upon the established cus-
tom, and at once proceed to the business for which
they had assembled. .
Mr. HOLMES said it was a good thing, as far
as legislation, or the organization thereof, was
concerned, to adhere to the principles by which the
; Constitution was framed. The Constitution^ was
i created by the States by concurrent majorities—
i first, by majorities in the convention of the States,
I and,' not content with those majorities (not pluraj-
' ities) in the convention of the whole, majorities
! were required to adopt it in the convention of
I each State. It showed how well was then under-
;! stood what would be required in the future of this
II great Confederation—that we should never intrust
in any department the organization, or to the peo-
ij pie in their primary capacity—so far as legislation
'I was concerned-anything to plurality. Did his-
i tory teach us nothing of what was effected by the
i alteration made by demagogues of the original
I voting by tribes in the time of the decay of the
I Republic of Rome ? Was it not by managing, by
j! bringing in from the various portions of the coun-
tfv, and creating citizens, dividing as much as they
J . * a. i 1 _ a n il  I m 4 i* c tt 1 n f n ft r. .
I try«cttiu vi ov*, .
Vinton, watkins;White, Williams,and   uson ,\could thed^nt ^Wml
Mr. Cobb—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, ; current majority of interests, the p ^ ,
Dnaia ci.-coii Rnf>APb Rowdon. Bowhn. Boyd, Ai- ,i alone could save th6 KepUDIIC. , y
Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon. Bowhn, Boyd, Al-
bert G. Br-*— "T:|
Georae A. uaiuwi-u, **   .«•♦  *• w.——, —   > - ✓
Diminick, Disney, Dunham, Edmulldson, fcwing, Feather-
tiert 'G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, I . u e composed of two hundred and thirty
Caldwell, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcoek, Daniel, t ls nw"i.r. K- , .. i.„i 
ston. Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hack-
rtt. Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Barmansqn,
i Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
I Hlbbard Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Andrew Johu o ,
members, which might be broken up into factions of
teni, should be organized by the vote of a plurality,
thus placing within the power of fifteen Members to
control the legislation, and necessarily the dwersi-
