1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mint of the United States,
Philadelphia, May 25,1850.
Gentlemen: The President having approved the act to
increase the bullion at the mint, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has adopted measures to enable us to resume prompt
payments. Ail the certificates for gold bullion will be paya-
ble on Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. In view of
the fact that a considerable amount, say about $1,500,000, is
due to depositors at New York, and as that amount is pro-
posed to be drawn from the office of the assistant treasurer
in that city, 1 intend to go to New York, and pay the mint
certificates directly from the treasury there, and thus save
the expense and delay of transporting the money to this city
arid back again to that place. This arrangement will be car-
ried out as soon as I receive from the Treasury Department
at Washington the transfer drafts in my favor. These Iex-
- pect to receive on Monday next, as 1 have been informed to-
day, by a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, that the
Treasurer of the United States has been directed to cause
the transfers to be issued.
You will please publish in your paper the foregoing in-
formation, in such form as you may deem best, as it is im-
portant to the public and to the holders of mint certificates.
Very respectfully,
JAMES ROSS SNOWDEN,
Treasurer JJ. S. Mint.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know, sir, what
may be the state of this bill, and therefore, with-
out entering into the subject at all at length, I
wish to submit one or two observations in reply
to remarks that have been made in reference to
the establishment of a branch mint in the city of
New York. The communication which has just
been read shows this extraordinary fact, that,
owing to the failure of the mint at Philadelphia
to coin the amount of bullion and foreign coin
sent from New York to Philadelphia in proper
time, the Government has been obliged to resort
to the expedient of sending an asent from Phila-
delphia to New York to pay off the amount of
certificates given to merchants and bankers in that
city for gold sent to be coined at Philadelphia;
that is to say, that the mint in Philadelphia has
been under the necessity of using the subtreasury
of the city of New York to pay out the coin col-
lected there, and thus to relieve the pressure which
has been created for want of sufficient coinage. I
think that this circumstance alone shows the ne-
cessity and the great importance of establishing a
mint in the city of New York.
But it has been asked, of what use and to whom
is the use of establishing a branch mint in the city
of New York? I answer that the expense, the
loss, and the burden which falls upon the commu-
nity of New York has been, at various times, not
less than fifty thousand dollars a year for want of
a mint in that city. But it is said that some of
the gold which would be coined at that mint is
extracted from the mines in California, and it is
asked what would be the use of a mint in the city
of New York? I answer, that the very same
reason which dictates the necessity of a branch
mint at California; the same necessity which
would prescribe its establishment there, pre-
scribes, with .equal if not greater force, the neces-
sity of estabi'shing a branch mint in the city of
New York. What is the necessity or object of a
mint anywhere? It is to receive the gold which
is uncoined, whether in bullion, or in ingots, or in
foreign coin, and convert it into money, which
will be received and passed by our mercantile
operations into circulation in the country. Now,
then, it appears that the gold which is extracted
from the mines in California does not go into cir-
culation without subjecting the miner to a loss of
two dollars upon every ounce; and therefore it is
apparent that, by the establishment of a mint
there, the sum of two dollars upon every ounce of
California gold is saved to the country. Now,
take the other alternative. Ten times as much
gold comes annually into this country by the way
of the city of New York as has yet been received
from the mines of California. This is foreign
gold, much of it foreign com; and as it comes into
the city of New York, so it goes back again,
without being recoined, and it does not therefore
enter into our circulation; and the reason is, that
it cannot be circulated as money, because, not
having received the stamp, the impression of the
Government, it is not practically circulating coin.
It is a collection of coins from other countries,
every piece of which has to be weighed every
time it is received or paid out, precisely like the
gold in California. The argument, therefore,
which proves the necessity of establishing a branch
mint at California, proves equally the necessity of
the establishment of a branch mint in the city of
New York; and the question in both cases is pre-
cisely the same; that is, whether, in California, you
will establish a mint at the mines where the gold
is gathered, or take it to a distance of a hundred
miles; so, if you are to have a mint on the At-
lantic coast, the question is, whether it should be
at the point where the most gold is imported, or
whether it should be a hundred miles from that
point ?
Mr. BADGER. I asked the question, Mr.
President, "For whose benefit is this expense to
be incurred ?" I had supposed it was to be in-
curred for the benefit of the merchants of New
York; and I collect from the observations made
by the Senator from New York, who has just
taken his seat, that in that supposition I was cor-
rect. Then, sir, what is it that is asked to be
done? It is that the United States should expend
half a million, or perhaps a million of dollars in
the erection of a vast building, as a mint, in the
city of New York, and further incur the payment
of perpetual annuities, in the shape of salaries to
the officers and incidental expenses, to the amount
of some sixty or seventy thousand dollars more.
And this, sir, is to be done for what purpose? It
is to relieve the commercial interest, or rather the
mercantile men, 0/ the city of New York, from
what grievance? Why, the Senator says that, at
some times, it has happened that, in consequence
of the want of a mint in the city of New York,
the merchants have had to pay the sum of $50,000
in one year. Then, sir, in the first place I remark,
what is the sum of $50,000 a year to the merchants
of the city of New York—those merchant princes,
who count their incomes by hundreds of thousands
of dollars? And for the sake of saving such a
sum to such men, of such immense wealth, and
of such vast resources, for the sake of saving this
occasional sum of $50,000 a year, the Government
is to expend a capital of half a million or a million,
and then to incur an expenditure of sixty or
seventy thousand dollars more, for all time to
come. Sir, it is unreasonable for the merchants
of New York to ask such a thing; it is ungenerous.
There is no real foundation or necessity for such
a thing. One would have supposed, that if they
were subjected to these incidental charges for the
want of a mint, they would have told us of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars which they had to
pay; but no such thing. Oh, no; but, simply in
order that they may be relieved from an occasional
loss of $50,000, the Government shall assume the
perpetual yearly payment of some sixty or seventy
thousand dollars, besides a large outlay in the
erection of a building.
Then, sir, there is another reason assigned by
the Senator from New York. He says that the
foreign gold that comes there does not answer the
purpose of a circulating medium in the country;
that it has to be passed by weight; that the people
are not familiar with it. Sir, all this is true; but
how does it happen that this gold is not recoined'
It is not because there is nota mintat New York;
it is because there is no direct reason why those
who hold it should ask the recoinage of it. It
passes into the banks to meet bills, and, Congress
having made it a legal tender in the payment of
debts due to the banks, in that respect it answers a
better purpose than the gold coinage of the United
States. It answers every purpose; it meets every
demand made upon them; it is a legal tender, and
one which nobody refuses to receive. It is therefore
a shield to them in the demand for money; and so
long, Mr. President, as we allow by law foreign
coin to be a legal tender in payment of debts, it
will never seek recoinage in any considerable
amount; but repeal that law which makes it a legal
tender, and certainly the banks in New York will
find no great inconvenience from the immense dis-
tance between that city and Philadelphia, or the vast
length of time they may have to wait, or the vast
amount of expense it will incur in having it re-
coined. I say they will not be deterred from any
or all of these considerations from having it con-
verted into Amercain coin.
Again, sir, nothing has been said in answer to
the objection which I have already stated, that
this is a question in fact, though not in terms,
whether we shall transfer the mint from Philadel-
phia to the city of New York, or leave it where it
is at Philadelphia. Now fhnt is the real question.
I think no gentleman here can believe that, after
that mint is established in New York the country
will permit within five hours' reach of each other
two large establishments of that kind. Either one
of them will be amply competent to coin all the
gold which is necessary for both placcs; and the
consequence will be that the public will demand
that the one or the other of them shall be discon-
tinued. If either of them is to be discontinued it
will be that at Philadelphia, a circumstance which
I think is greatly to be deplored, and to the accom-
plishment of which I will not contribute either di-
rectly or indirectly.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not see that the items
of expenditure become either larger or smaller by
being stated over so many times. We have had a
great deal of discussion on this bill, and much rep-
etition of argument, and I hope the Senate will
now proceed to vote.
Mr. DAWSON. I know, sir, perfectly well,
that it is not the object of the friends of this meas-
ure, nor to their interest, to have the question fully
discussed; for when the facts shall all he elicited
and understood by this body and by the country,
I think that every gentleman will make up his
mind, that when he votes on this question for the
establishment of a branch mint, he is voting on
one, not of local interest merely, but one which
affects the interest of the whole country.
Now, sir, the'first question which I propound—
and it is one which every man should propound to
himself before he casts his vote on this question—
is, " Will the establishment of a branch mint in
the city of New York be a benefit to the country ?,J
and then, " Will it be in the discharge of theduty
of the Congress of the United States in so estab-
lishing it, to make everything easy and pleasant
to the people, and to promote their interest?"
Now, what is the state of the facts? We have
already four mints m the United Stales, and we
are asked to establish one more in California, which
will make five, and another in the city of New
York, which will make six. Now, sir, what is the
capacity of the various mints already established
to perform the work for which they weredesigned ?
Can they coin all the bullion, or recoir. all the for-
eign gold that is brought into this country now?
Why, sir, they can not only do this with perfect
ease, but they can coin four times as much as the
largest amount that has ever come into this country
in any one year, or that will come into it for many
years to come. That is the fact. The largest
amount of coinage that ever was made in the Uni-
ted States in one year was in the year 1847; it
was twenty millions of dollars ; and in no other
year besides that, since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, has it ever amounted to more than four
millions ; and that twenty millions of dollars was
coined with perfect ease, not employing the ma-
chinery a tenth part of the time; and the certifi-
cate of the treasurer of the mint is now before us,
or at least was before us the other day, showing
that the coinage of eleven millions of dollars cost
only a little over $5,000 for its transportation be-
tween Philadelphia and New York. Then I lay
this proposition down as true, that the capacity of
the mint at Philadelphia is equal to the coinage of
four times the amount of all the bullion and for-
eign coin that has yet been brought into the coun-
try in any one year. If that be true, then the
question propounded to us is this : " Whether as
men, as individuals representing our own interests,
having a capacity in regard to buildings and ma-
chinery sufficient to coin four times the amount of
money we have ever had occasion to coin m any
one year, we would go to work and establish an-
other mint at an enormous cost?" And if we
would not do such an act as this in pursuance of
our individual interests, ought we to do it as Sen-
ators and Representatives of the United States.
Now, sir, what is alleged in support of this
proposition to establish a branch mint in the city
of New York? It is not that it is to suit the gen-
eral convenience of the country, but to suit the
convenience of the merchants of the city of New
York. And what is that convenience? Simply
that in getting their bullion and their coin to and
from Philadelphia to New York, they are to pay
the sum of $5,000 for every $11,000,000 coined.
And what are we to do? We are to increase this
amount by the establishment of another mint, and
saddle the country with an immense expense.
The Senator from New York says, that the mer-
chants of that city occasionally lose $50,000 in a year
for want of a mint. And who loses this $50,000 ?
An elevated and enterprising class of merchants, to
whom I would always give every necessary facility
for the transaction of their business, and whose
interests at all times I would be careful to protect.
