6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
fied interests, of this vast Confederation, would be
to yield up all the principles upon which this
Government was based. Demagogism was abroad;
he feared it eould not be restrained, because it ap-
peared to be apart of the wild spirit of the age;
but it did not become them to fend their influence
to accelerate its progress, which threatened to des-
troy all that was conservative or valuable in the
Union of these States.
Mr. ASHMUJN said he was entirely opposed
to the propoaition of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, now and at all times. He was not about to
give the reasons for his opinion, because it was no
time for debate, ft was a proposition well under-
stood m its nature and results. But if it were
adopted, he wanted it should carry along with it
another element—one that was regarded and uni-
versally observed in the section of country from
which hecamerand that was, that the voting should
be by ballot; and for the purpose of testing the
desire of these gentlemen to organize the House
at once—and he believed it would effect an organ-
ization—he rose simpfy to move to amend the
gentleman's proposition by adding at the end the
words, si and that the vote shall be by ballot."
Mr. VENABLE said he was opposed both to
the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and to the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. He had never known spe-
cial legislation do any good in any case. He had
never known a departure from established usage,
lor the purpose of effecting a particular object,
fhat did not in the end produce infinitely more
mi&chjef than could be compensated by any tem-
porary benefit which might result. The old rule
should continue to be observed, both for its own
good sense and because it was based upon the
Constitution, which woujd be violated by the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The Constitution declared 41 the House of Repre-
sentatives should choose their Speaker and other
officers." Were they not the House of Repre-
sentatives? and how could they <4 choose their
Speaker" but by the vote of a majority? Why,
upon the principle of the gentleman's proposition,
the House might be divided into factions, so that
three or five men could choose the Speaker—a pro-
ceeding which would be clearly in the face of this
provision of the Constitution; for those whose
province it was to put a construction upon it, had
decided a majority of votes was necessary to an
election.
Let the responsibility of the disorganization of
the House rest upon those who disorganized.
He took none of that responsibility. If a half
dozen or dozen men choose to stop the wheels of
Government, let them do it, and let the people
hold them responsible. Let gentlemen do their
duty, and let the responsibility rest where it be-
longed. He had no idea that half a dozen indi-
viduals should govern twenty millions of people.
He had no idea of a few individuals throwing them-
selves before the body of the House. If they
choose to do it, let them take the responsibility,
and go before their constituents, and let the great
body of the House do their duty, and they need
have no fear of the responsibility. He would
never consent to break down a time-honored rule,
based upon the true construction of the Constitu-
tion, in order to make an arrangement by which a.
few individuals, who choose to rhaintain an im-
practicable position, could control the Congress of
the United States.
He was equally opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Why did the
gentleman seek to vote by ballot? He (Mr. V.)
abhorred the system everywhere. The very idea
presupposed un worthiness of feeling in the voter—
that he was afraid his vote should be known, and
to bear the responsibility. He could not conceive
that there was any member of this House afraid
to come out and say for whom he voted. If there
were, he must belong to that impracticable class
who obstructed the organization of the House; and
he said, let their votes go upon the Journal, and be
published to the country. In a House of two hun-
dred and thirty members,some ten or fifteen individ-
duals stood off, and obstructed the public business,
and the responsibility would rest upon them—not
upon those with whom he (Mr. V.) voted, nor upon
the other side. He repeated, he could never consent
to let a Speaker be elected by a handful of men.
The Constitution provided that the Houseof Rep-
resentatives should elect a Speaker—meaning, ac-
cording to the well-settled construction of that
instrument, that the majority should elect; and he
would rather see. the whole session spent in voting
for Speaker, than this great and importaut prin-
ciple broken down.
Mr. BURT said he was satisfied that discussion
upon this proposition, or almost any other at this
time, would only increase the difficulties in this
House in the way of electing its first officer. He
was sure he met the general sense of the House—
its sense of propriety—when he moved to lay this
resolution upon the table. He made that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, appealed to the
gentleman from South Carolina to withdraw that
motion, to allow him to eay a word.
Mr. BURT said he was opposed to all debate at
this stage of the proceedings. He would, with
the greatest pleasure, in courtesy to the gentleman
from Tennessee, withdraw the motion, but he
deemed it of great importance that there should be
no debate.
The Clerk announced the question upon the
motion of Mr. Burt to lay upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. Can we have the yeas and
nays taken upon that proposition ? I want to see
who it is who is in favor of standing out and op-
posing the organization of the House.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The Clerk submitted to the House the demand
for the yeas and nays; which having been ordered
by the House, were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Albert?on, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, A-he, A hmuit, AvereU, Brtkrr, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bi^sf-ll, Bokee, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowie, Bowhn, Bo>d, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Aibert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Butl. Burrows, Burt, Chester
Butler, T. B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, G. A.
Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Chngraan, W. R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Cole, Congf r, Corwtn, Crowell, Daniel, Deberry,
Dickey, Dtmmick, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Du  r, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Ftatherston, Fitch, Fowler,Freedley, Fuller, Gerry,
Giddinys, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Green, Grm-
netl, Hall, Hallowav, Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, Har-
alson, Hatlan, S. W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hay-
mond, Hebard,Henry, Hibbard, Htlliard, Hoagland, Hoila-
day, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Howe, Hubbaid, Hunter,
Ingp, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Preston King, La Sfere, L 'ffier, Levin, Lit-
tletield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matte-
son, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughpy, Mc-
Kissock, McLaitahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E Mc-
Lean, McMullen, McQ,ueen,McWillie, Meaeham, Meade,
Miller, Millson, Moore, Morehead, Morris,Morse, Morton,
Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck^ Pnelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter,
Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Risl^y, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ross, Rum&ey,
Sackett. Sawtelle, Sehenck, Schetmerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Seddonj Shepprrd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, F.
P. Stanton, Alf-xandei H. Stephens, Thaddeu« Stevens, Stet-
son, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas Jacob Thompson,
| James Thomson, John B. Thompson, William Thompson,
I Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vonablc,
| Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkius, Wellborn,
; Weniworih, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wtl-
niot, Wilson, Wood, Woodward, and young—*210.
NAYS—Meft-rp. Bocock, Ewiujz,Gorman, Beckett, Har-
manson, Isham G. Harris, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kauf-
man, Savage, and Richard IJ. Stanton—11.
So the resolution and amendment were laid on
the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he had a
resolution, which, if adopted, would secure the elec-
tion of a Speaker within three votes, and the organ-
ization of the House to-day, while it avoided the
objections made to his colleague's resolution, and
he thought might be adopted„by the House with-
out any violation whatever of principle. He of-
fered the following resolution:
Resolved, That after the House shall have as?ain voted for
Speaker, if there shall be no choice, the House shall pro-
ceed by a vote of the majority to select for Speaker one of
the four candidates having the gieatest number of votes
upon the last preceding trial ; and it there shall s ill he no
choice, then the House shall by vote select for Speaker one
of the two persons having1 the greatest number of votes on
the last trial.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is the motion
lay on the table debatable?
toThe Clf.rk replied that it was not.
Mr. JOHNSON. What rules have been
adopted for the government of this House? Has
any rule been adopted ?
The Clerk replied that no rules had been adopt-
ed, and that being the case, the House were gov-
erned by the parliamentary law.
Mr. JOHNSON would like to know, in case
they were without rules, except the parliamentary
law, if the motion Jo lay on the table was not de-
batable ?
The Clerk said he would submit the question
Jo the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the question?
The Clerk. It is upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, to fay on the table the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee*
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand that is debata-
ble. I will not detain the Ho se.
The Clerk interposed, and repeated that he
would submit to the House to decide whether the
gentleman should be allowed to debate the motion*
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand the Clerk
to rule me out of order ?
The Clerk replied, that if the motion wets con-
sidered debatable, it must be by a vote of the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON made this point; No rules had
been adopted for the organization of the House*
It was not a " House" yet, in the sense of the
Constitution. Such being the case,, he had risen
and been recognized by the Clerk. He wanted to
know if the Clerk ruled him out of order; and if
he ruled him out of order, he wanted to know his
authority for it.
The Clerk replied that he did not rule the gen-
tleman out of order. The gentleman proposed to
debate the motion to lay on the table; and he must
get ihe leave of the House before he could|,>roeeed.
Mr. JOHNSON wanted to know by what au-
thouty—he having taken the Boor, and proceeded
to address the House—the Clerk interrupted him,
and required him to obtain the leave of the House ?
Mr. SCHENCK said the gentleman assumed
the right to speak without interruption—a right
which was secured by the ordinary rules of the
House. But as the House w?re without rules, he
wanted to know what right the gentleman had to
speak without interruption ?
Mr JOHNSON said the gentleman made the
point that he (Mr. J.) might be interrupted; but
he did not concede the gentleman's right to inter-
rupt him; he did not yield the fioor.
[Cries of " Question ! question
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded. He did not intend to
detain the House. He was very far from desiring
to excite anything like unpleasant feelings. He
was anxious that the House should be organized,
and he repeated, he was more than anxious thai
they should proceed with the public business. He
merely intended to say 
[Cries of " Order I order I"]
Why, it would be entirely out of order (said
Mr. J ) to be in order in this House. It would be
astrange thing to see this House, upon an ordinary
occasion, in order. I was going to say I was anx-
ious to see thi* House organized 
Mr. PRESTON KING interposed and called
the gentleman to order, remarking that they might
as well see this question settled now, without
taking further time upon it.
After a word of conversation by Mr. King and
Mr Johnson—
The Clerk submitted to the House the ques-
tion granting leave to Mr. Johnson to debate the
pending motion.
The House refused leave.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Harris, and decided in the affirmative
without a division.
So the resolution of Mr. Stanton was laid ob
the table
The roll was then called the fourteenth time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number of
votes given was 223; necessary to a choice 112; of
, which—
Mr. Winthrop     .........  99*
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, received B9
Mr. Potter   „   10
Mr. Richardson  8
Mr. Root   7
Mr. Gentry ,    5
Mr. Cleveland    3
Mr. Allen      1
Mr. Kaufman        1
223
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Winthrop—Me.ssrs. Alexander, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Bafcer, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breckr
Bnggs, Brooks, Borrows, Chester Bmler, Thomas B. Butler,.
Joseph P. CaldweH, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, ChandJer,.
Clarke,. Clingtuan, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Crowell,.
Deberry, Dicky, Di\*on, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, GOodenow, Gott, Gould,.
Grinneil, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard,
Henry, Houston, Hunter, JaeKson, James L. Johnson,
