1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
country upon astiong and immutable basis—es-
pecially if it were coined partly into large coins
to suit the convenience of merchants and bankers,
and partly m small coin to suit the generality of
the people.
Now, sir, we have been told that the mint at
Philadelphia coined eleven millions of dollars in a
■very short time. But who has told us how many
of those dollars were in double eagles? It makes
quite a difference whether they are coined in
double eagles, five of them making a hundred dol-
lars; or in five cent pieces, in which twenty of
them are required to make a dollar. Let them
show their dexterity in coming small coins, such
as are required for common circulation, and then
■we will have a fair test of their capacity.
Mr. President, I do not feel called upon to re-
peat the argument which I urged the other day. I
staled them to be statistics from the most compe-
tent sources; and yet we are told that we shrink
from dicussion by one who does not present a
single fact upon which to base an argument. I
felt myself called upon to make a brief reply to
the remarks which havejust been offered.
Sir, 1 do not desire to see the people of this
couniry descending from their high position, and
degenerating into a scramble for local advantages.
I have never placed myself upon any such ground
at all, and 1 never fahall. 1 have strong sympathies,
it 15 true, with the city of New York, and it is
both right and natural that I should have them.
But 1 place this question not upon any local con-
siderations; I place it upon higher grounds; I
place it where the late President of the United
Slates, coming from the far West, has placed it;
I place it where that able and distinguished man,
the late Secretary of the Treasury, coming from
the Mississippi valley, and having all his teelings
and prejudices elsewhere than in the city of New
York, placed it; and upon other and yet higher
grounds than any of these—the immutable laws
of trade. I will not participate in a struggle be-
tween Philadelphia and Dahlonega and Charlotte,
and other places, if the tendency of things is to
carry away the mint from Philadelphia, as much
as I might regret to see her part with that institu-
tion which she has so long enjoyed, it must go
thence, for ine. I will never be carried away by my
feelings in these local matters. New York is the
place where the mi,it ought to be; it is the great
centre of trade; the great ocean, if I may so call
it, into which all the channels of our commerce
flow; and you might as well attempt to tuin the
waters of the Potomac and make them run towards
their source, as attempt to divert a measure which
must ultimately be carried, and which not only
the exigencies of the country require, but which
the laws of tiade will ultimately biing about. Sir,
although we cannot impede or derange the natural
flow of the waters, we may derange the currency
of the country by refusing to adopt those measures
which are necessary for its legulation.
I was anxious to have a vote upon this bill as
early as possible, in order that it might not be run-
ning alongside of other great public questions. 1
felt it my duty to bring it forward, and the Senate
have been kind enough to make it the special order
of the day for every day, at half-past 12 o'clock,
till it is disposed of. There are other great meas-
ures to come before us—measures of urgent
importance; and 1 felt, so far as this one was
concerned, it was necessary that the Senate should
express an opinion upon it, so that it might be I
disposed of. That is all I ask; and when 1 express
my anxiety to have a vote upon the question, 1
hope gentlemen will not say that 1 am urging it for
the purpose of avoiding discussion.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the Senator from
Georgia has satisfied me, and I think the Senate
generally, lhat we have already too many mints.
1 would, therefore, move the followingasan amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order.
Mr. DICKINSON. What is the amendment?
Read it.
Mr. HALE. The Chair says it is out of order;
but, with the permission of the Senate and at the
request of the Senator from New York, I will read
it. It is, " provided that the laws establishing
branch mints m the States of North Carolina and
Geoigia be and the same are hereby repealed."
Mr. PEARCE, Did I understand the Chair to
say that the amendment is not in order?
Mr. HALE. It is of no consequence; I did not
offer it; I merely read it for the information of the
Senator from New York, and I give notice that
when it is in order I shall offer it.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not purpose, Mr. Presi-
dent, on the present occasion, to go into the gen-
eral question; but, as other Senators have done so,
I suppose I may as well follow their example. I
must remark here that I am in favor of establish-
ing a branch mint in California. I think no rea-
son has been assigned, or can be assigned, in fa-
vor of the establishment of a branch mint at New
York, which does not apply with greater force to
j the establishment of a branch mint in California,
j We know the fact to be that there is a great scar-
: city of coin in California—so great, indeed, that the
premium on coin over bullion is aboutone-eighth,
| the owner of the gold dust receiving only $16
'■ in coin for bullion intrinsically worth $18. There
i is, therefore, a great loss to the people who dig the
I ore, and to those who receive it there, except only
! the speculator or broker, who make large gains
J out of others' losses. The commerce of Califor-
j nia does not bring into that country a sufficient
| supply of coin. Such an institution is therefore
i requned; and it is, undoubtedly, the constitution-
j al right and duty of the Government to supply,
■ for local circulation in that distant part of our ter-
! ritory, a coinage of the denomination and value
j prescribed by our laws. I am in favor of a branch
I mint at California, and opposed to the establish-
j mem of one at New York; and I have not yet
j heaid any argument which tends to satisfy me
j that we ought to establish one at the last-men-
■ tioned place.
I It was not my purpose, sir, to repeat any of the
| arguments which I urged on this subject last week.
I Nor shall I indulge in that declamation which the
j Senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson] has
j pronounced so unbecoming on this occasion.
I And I trust I shall not be guilty of that assurance
j which the Senator seems to think has character-
| izcd this debate on one side, unless, indeed, it be
| assurance in a Senator who resides in a rural dis-
j trier to pretend to know anything of monetary
affairs and the wants of great cities.
I hope I may be allowed, with all due modesty,
to make further opposition to this project, so much
pressed, butso little supported, as 1 think, by sound
argument. Now, what has the Senator from New
York on my right [Mr. Seward] said? In the
first place he assumes that it is necessary to have
a branch mint in the city of New York, because
the Government has thought it expedient to send
its agent there to pay off Government bullion cer-
tificates. Now does that follow? If the Govern-
ment chooses, for the convenience of persons in
New York who hold mint certificates, and to whom
the delivery of coin has been delayed by peculiar
and unusual circumstances, to send an agent from
Philadelphia for the special purpose of paying
their certificates, shall any one be justified in say-
ing that this shows the necessity ofa mint in New
York? Or even iffrom time to time the directorof
the mint should dispatch an agent for this purpose
from the one city to the other, is this a sufficient
reason for the large and costly establishment pro-
posed ? We know that the expense of an occa-
sional agent to New York for the purpose men-
tioned will be a mere trifle, and the argument
founded upon it, if it be an argument at all, really
does not seem to me to require any other reply.
But the Senator has averred that the same necessity
exists for the establishment of a branch mint at
New York as exists for the establishment of one
m California. Indeed! What a wonderful iden-
tity there is in their situation ! This forced identity
—for such I regard it—reminds me of the singular
coincidence discovered by, the Welshman Fluellen,
when he averred that there never were two people
in the world who resembled each other so much
as Harry of Monmouth and Alexander of Mace-
don. On being asked to point out the resemblance
he said that Alexander was born in Macedon and
Harry was born in Wales; that there was a river
in Macedon, and there was also a river in Wales,
and that there were salmon m both. [Laugh-
ter.] This, then, is the identity. New York is°on
the Atlantic; California is on the Pacific. There
is no mint at New York, and no mint in Califor-
nia, and gold is digged out of the earth in the one
place and imported by sea into the other. Now
for the difference. New York is within a hundred
miles, four or five hour's ride, of the mint at Phil-
adelphia. The California gold mines are several
thousand miles from any mint, and the shortest
period of communication with New Orleans and
Philadelphia is from thirty to thirty-five days.
Gold is worth in California much less than it
should be for reasons which the Senator did
not assign, but which nevertheless are very palpa-
ble It is not worth so much by two dollars per
ounce as it ought to be. Now, does the Senator
contend that this is the case m New York, because
the mint at Philadelphia is at a distance of a hun-
dred miles? Sir, we know that the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of New York has calcu-
lated that the whole expense of converting all the
bullion and gold coins that come into that port
will not exceed a quarter of one per cent., which
I am satisfied is a very large calculation. It in-
cludes too large an estimate for interest, and for
the risk, which latter, if the money to be carrif.d
is sent by the expresses, is scarcely appreciable.
But that is all that they charge as the cost and loss
of con verting it into American coin, and yet the loss
on' the gold in California is two dollars per ounce,
or about eleven per cent. Now, sir, these are the
principal reasons which the Senator from New
"York [Mr. Seward] has assigned for the equal
necessity of the establishment of a branch mint
at New York with one at California.
He also says that the foreign coin which comes
into the country, does not circulate there; but in
California they are worse off still, for they have no
coins at all, or scarcely any, and that is one of the
most urgent reasons why a mint should be estab-
lished there. I admit, indeed, that it will not he
necessary for the wants of California that she
should coin all the bullion that may be raised there;
that for the purposes of exterior commerce, the
assayed bars, with their value stamped upon them,
will answer. But there is undoubtedly a local
necessity for a mint there; and if you establish one
there, I do not know how you can limit its opera-
tions except by limiting its capacity. Inasmuch
as the gold will be coined without any expense to
owners of the dust, and without any profit to the
Government, the probability is that the people will
have it made into coin, and not into bars, so far
as the capacity of the mint will allow that to be
done; and I do not see, therefore, how we can
make any provision to restrict the coinage of bul-
lion in California except by restricting the capa-
city of the mint which may be established there.
1 suppose that the gold of California will either
be cast into bars for the accommodation of the
trade with countries beyond the limits of the
United States, for which, in some respects, this
would be preferable, or made into domestic coin
for circulation m California or remittance here;
and whether it is east into bars or made into coins
it will certainly gowhere the exigencies of trade de-
mand it. If there he bills to be paid and claims
to be satisfied in theUnited States for goods shipped
to California, then the go Id must come into tUe
United States to meet those bills and to satisfy
those claims,unless California should become bank-
rupt. Everybody knows that a very large portion
of the commerce of California is with the United
States on the Atlantic, and the gold which is found
there will consequently return here whether it is
coined or in bars I believe, therefore, that coin
will come to the United States in a large amount if
a mint is established in California; and I therefore
see no necessity of casting the gold found in Cali-
fornia into bullion, at least only to the compara-
tively small amount demanded by their foreign
commerce. In this view, it is manifest that the
importation of gold from California will not require
a mint at New York. Now, with regard to foreign
coin it seems to be thought important that we
should have a mint at New -York, because there is
much foreign gold brought into the country by im-
portation and by emigrants at that port. But 1 do
not think so, for reasons which I will proceed to
give. In the first place, the Senator from New
York assumes that more gold would come into
New York than comes in now, if a branchvmint
were established there. This might do very well
if we had no experience in the matter; but the ex-
perience which we have controverts this idea.
Look at Philadelphia. There is a mint there.
Does that occasion large importations of foreign
gold into that city ? We know that such is not the
fact. We know that the course of commerce and
our own legislation have largely affected this mat-
ter. New York has large importations, and re-
