1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
ceives this sold in payment of her exports which
are not-paid for in the products of other countries,
and, indeed, the greater part of the foreign coin im-
ported on account of merchants in Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and other cities, comes first to New
York. The immigration, too, is principally to
the port of New York; and then, sir, the many
steamers which, by our own laws, go to and frem
New York, necessarily bring a great amount of
specie to that city, they being preferred for the
transportation of the precious metals.
Now, if the Philadelphia mint cannot attract to
that city the vast amount of commerce in precious
metals which goes to New York, the whole amount
of which imported into Philadelphia in one year is
said to be only $256,000, and if New York, with-
out having any mint at all, has now almost all that
commerce, what is the necessity of establishing a
mint at New York to secure that which she already
has by reason of her great commercial advantages,
her large population, her immense shipping, and
those mail steamers which are continually cutting
the waters of her noble harbor? I can see none.
It has not been shown that the course of trade
requires the establishment of the proposed mint,
and it seenjj to me a pure imagination to attribute
to it the masjic influence on the commerce of the
world with New York which is promised from it.
I know, indeed, that the President of the United
States, (Mr. Polk,) on a foimeroccasion recom-
mended the establishment of a mint at New York;
but I do not think that ins recommendation has
the force of an argument, nor that the report of the
Secretary of theTreasury (Mr. Walker) furnishes
any conclusive reason for it. I respect the late
Secretary of the Treasury, and I think him a man
of genius, but it does not follow on that account
that we should surrender our own judgments for
the purpose of exclusively following his recom-
mendation. He is not infallible; on the contrary,
1 am inclined to think that in this matter he ia«en-
tirely mistaken. His idea was,"*thatmuch of thCTor-
eign coin imported into the city of New York and
not coined on the spot would go into the banks.
Well, this I think, instead of being an evil, is a
very good result. Banks, ^hen properly man-
aged, arc very good things; but they can only be
well managed when they have a good supply of
the precious metals with which to redeem their
paper. This Government has no authority to put
down the State banks, and should not desire to
make them less safe and useful by any scheme for
withdrawing the only sound basis of their paper
circulation.
But there is another reason why it is not desir-
able that all the foreign gold which comes into the
country should be recomed here. Much of it has
to go back again. The exigencies of commerce
require it; and it is better m such a case to send
foreign coin than to send our own, because the for-
mer has a higher value abroad than the latter, and
this constant recoinage of the precious metals only
produces a waste of the measure of value.
Now, the Senator says that this foreign coin
should be recomed here, because then it will enter
into our circulation; for this purpose it must have
the stamp or impress of our Government upon it.
But when it gets that stamp or impress it will not
circulate freely abroad; and that is a very good
reason why a considerable portion of it at least
should be kept unaltered for reexportation. We
know that an immense number of passengers go
every year from the United States to Europe; and
I suppose there is scarcely one of several tiiousand
embarking at New York who does not take with
him three or four hundred dollars of foreign gold,
which is supplied from the banks, in whose vaults
it has been placed. It is exceedingly useful to
these persons, and there is certainly no loss to us,
since they must take com of some sort. Besides,
a large sum is frequently required to pay commer-
cial balances due to other countries, chiefly Eng-
land and France, which are best paid m foreign
specie. Nothing fluctuates more than the export-
auon of specie. In five years out of the last eleven
the quantity of specie exported has exceeded that
imported by more than twenty millions; the average
excess of exportation in these five years beingsome-
thing more than fourmillionsof dollars, and this is
most profitably remitted in foreign coin. In these
eleven years there has been no heavy excess of.
specie importations, except in 1843 and 1847, and"
in these years it was owing to peculiar and
temporary causes well understood. In lti'18 the
excess of exportation*! was $6,780,984. In 1849 the
excess of importations was only §2,204,466.
The average annual excess of specie imports
over specie exports during the last eleven years is
only about two millions of dollars, as I have ascer-
tained from theannual statements of she commerce
and navigation of the United States. Much of the
foreign coin thus brought into the country is paid
into the Treasury for duties, and such portion of
that as it pleases the Government converts into
American coin, at no expense to individuals, and
at a very trifling expense to the Treasury. If the
whole gf this average annual excess of importation
were recoined on individual account, it could not
cost in transportation, loss of interest, and risk,
above $3,000 per year.
The calculations of the New York Chamber of
Commerce are chiefly based upon the returns of
1847—a year of famine in Great Britain and an
immense expoitation of breadstuffs from this coun-
try, on which no fair average calculations can be
made. The memoiial of the Chamber of Com-
merce estimates the foreign com brought into the
United Stales by immigrants at eight millions per
annum. This is of course conjectural, and may or
may not be accurate. Of this they admit that most
of the silver returns to Europe in the same form in
which it anived; as also a portion of the gold; and
of the remaining part of tne gold they say that
much of it is immediately carried into the interior,
whence it gradually finds Us way back to the sea-
board; that " a great part is ultimately sent to the
mint at Philadelphia, to'be recoined, probably two j
or three millions per annum." Doubtless this is j
true—the immigrants preferring to keep the coin |
whosedenomination and value they know, to ours,
which they do not understand. And supposing it
to be ail correct, and that these two or three mil-
lions are coined on individual account, how much
does it cost.' The Director of the Mint, in the
letter to which I referred on a former occasion,
showed that the coinage of six millions for persons
in New York would cost the owners less than nine
thousand dollars, including transportation, loss of
interest, and risk. And I think 1 haveshown con-
clusively that thesum mentioned is far beyond the
annual coinage of foreign specie, brought for indi-
viduals from New York to Philadelphia. So that
i feel authorized to require further proof before 1
credit the statement that at vanous times a loss of
$50,000 m a year has resulted to New York from
this cause.
But the Senator from New York [Mr. Dickin-
son] hasseveial times remarked that this project
has been before the Senate on formor occasions,as
if that were a reason why we should not too closely
examine it now. I remember only two occasions,
though there may have been more. It was pro-
posed in 1834, and I believe withdrawn by the
mover upon the general expression in the Senate
of a desire that he should do so. And in 1838 a
bill for the purpose was debated and defeated in
this body—the final vote being 27 noes to 22 ayes.
It may be that the amendment proposing a branch
at Charleston was unsatisfactory to the Senate.
But I think it most likely that Senators thought
the original proposition unsustained by sufficient
reasons. At all events, the fact of its introduction
and defeat then surely furnishes no argument for
its passage now.
The Senator rests much upon the great amount
of importations into New York, and the payment
at that port of two-thirds of the customs duties.
Does he think ail this commerce a burden to New
York—a disadvantage to be recompensed by the
establishment of a mint?
Mr. DICKINSON said he introduced that re-
mark for the purpose ot showing that our commerce
cpnt>v>c! fhprp
Mr. PEARCE. I admit that. But is there
anything peculiar in our situation which calls for
a mint theie more than at other great commercial
marts ? Liverpool is a great city, and has a vast
commerce—perhaps not less than that of New
York. Yet the sugacious, exact, and calculating
English people have not thought it worth while to
erect a mint there, though the distance to London
is double that of New York from Jriiiladelphia.
It is no disadvantage to New York that she pays
two-thirds of all the customs duties received into
our Treasury. It is the necessary incident of that
vast and flourishing commerce which is the source
of her wealth and greatness—a commerce materi-
ally aided, too, by our legislation, which has made
her port the harbor of the numerous and immense
jrail steamers, to whose building and success the
patronage and treasure of the Government have so
much contributed. There are other cities wh ch
would be glad to take these advantages and give
New York a half dozen mints in exchange.
On the whole, Mr. President, I think it has been
shown, in a former day's debate and now, that
there is no adequate reason for establishing the pro-
posed mint at New York; that though there was
lately some delay in coining at the Philadelphia
mint, that was owing to circumstances unforeseen
and tempoiary, and that its present capacity is
equal to any demand which the policy of the Gov-
ernment or the commerce of the country can pos-
sibly make of it; that the cost of transporting the
precious metals from New York for coinage is veiy
inconsiderable and trifling; the risk not appreciable;
the delay so little as to be of -no consequence, and
that even this brief delay may be avoided by the
arrangement suggested by the director of the mint;
and that, to erect a mint at a cost of several hun-
dred thousand dollars, and to maintain it ata prob-
able annual expense of §50,000 to $75,000, will be
to appropriate the money of the people without any
adequate return to them, or any portion of them,
except those who may reap the fruits of the pa-
tronage thus created; while the certain result will 1 e
to destroy the mint at Philadelphia, which must
become wholly useless.
For these reasons I must vote against the meas-
ure, although, if there were no mint at Philade -
phia, I would, as I before said, vote for the selection'
of New York as the place of its establishment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It seems to me that the mint
should be located at such a point as is convenient
and useful to the country. 1 think that the ques-
tion as to the point where the mint shall be located
is one that rises above the benefiting of any par-
ticular locality—of this town or that town, or this
or that section of the Union. Commerce generally
centres at two great points upon this continent—at
New York and New Orleans. Immigrants arrive
at those points; foreign gold comes to those points;
and from those points it is distributed again; and
it seems to me that at those points we should locate
our mints. It has been stated that eight millions
of dollars in foreign gold is brought into the city
of New York by immigrants, and passes into
the interior m that form; and in the country
where I live, upon the whole line of the lakes
and western rivers, where the immigration goes,
we feel the inconvenience of that foreign coin, the
value of which is not generally understood by
the community among which it goes into circu-
lation. One of the great reasons, as we sup-
pose, why it goes there, is, that at the point at
which the emigration centies when it comes into
the country, there is no mint and no means, with-
out inconvenience and departure from the route, to
get it changed into American coin. The whole in-
terior of the country, therefore, is interested in
having mints at those points where the foreign
gold arrives and from which it is distributed.
Those points are New Orleans, where there is a
mint alieady, and New York; and I do think that
it is right to establish it there, without any refer-
ence to local feeling, and without any reference
to what effect it may have upon other citie3. I
have no (Sesire to see the mint at Philadelphia
either removed or impaired in its powers or useful-
ness. I have no desire to see the mints in Georgia
or North Carolina removed either. But when I
hear an argument against putting the mint at New
York, on the ground of the expense urged by those
representing mints that hardly com as much
money as theannual cost of keeping up the es-
tablishments, it seems to be a strange kind of
economy. 1 do not desire to see the mints in
Georgia ana North Carolina abolished; but if com-
pelled to choose between those mints and one at
New York, I shall vote at once to remove one of
these mints to New York, or to abolish them both,
or to consolidate them and remove them to New
York, where it would be useful. We are told
that it is but little expense and trouble to carry the
gold from New York to Philadelphia to coin it
there. So it would be but little expense or trouble
to take the foreign coin and gold from Charleston
by railroad to the mint in Georgia, or atCharlotie
in North Carolina, and coin it there. Still we find
that not a dollar of the gold that arrives at Charles-
ton gets up to these mints for coinage. The in-
convenience of it is sufficient to prevent Jts trans-
