THE
SSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RITES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1850.
New Series No. 70.
affirming the right to tax. Now, I think it right
that in some way or other the public should have
a guarantee that the mint in New York shall not
he made the subject of taxation. I therefore move
this amendment:
Jhul be U further enacted, That this act shall not go into
effect, so far ;is resppcu the branch mint at New "STork, until
the Sut<? of New York shall, by some law or other puhho
act, pltiige the faith of .said State that no tax shall at any
tune hud, Rsse.^sed, or collected by the said State, or
under Hie authority o! said State, on the said branch mint,
or on else buildings which maybe erected therefor, or ori
the fixtures ot machinery which maybe n*ed therein, or
on the lands on which the same may be placed; but nothing
in this section contained shall be understood as implying an
admission that any such power ot taxation rightfully exists.
Mr. DICKINSON, i have no objection to this
amendment, except that it may delay operations,
lam not advised how soon it might be got into
operation; but our Legistature does not meet till
the first Tuesday in January next. If that De
deemed time enough, I do not object to it. Indeed,
I do not object to it anyway. 1 believe the United
States has been taxed in a certain place, not-
withstanding all their revolutionary recollections.
£Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman who proposed the amendment, whether
he had hot better so amend it as to provide that
the mint shall not be established in New York un-
til the State of New York shall cede to the United
States exclusive jurisdiction over the ground upon
which the buildings are to be raised.
Mr. BADGER. I accept the modification.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope theamendment will
not be adopted, then. It would only be delaying
operations about a mere matter of form.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think it a matter of
some substance.
Mr. BADGER. It is not usually done, I admit;
but recent events show the necessity of it.
Mr. DICKINSON. The result would be to pre-
vent all movements in the matter till another year.
I hope it will not be adopted. The amendment,
as at first proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina, I have no objection to. It might occa-
sion delay, but I was willing to putup with it. But
the modification proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] I hope will not be
agreed to; it has not been usual at all.
Mr. STURGEON. The Senator from North
Carolina in introducing the amendment brought up
a fact which it is necessary I should explain, lest
it should tend to the prejudice of the city of
Brotherly Love, for which I have a great affec-
tion. AH the property of the United States in the
city of Philadelphia, except the mint, has been
long since exempted from taxation by the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania. The local authorities of
Philadelphia took it into their heads to tax the
mint, and taxed it, and the question was brought
up to be decided in the Federal courts. The Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, however, immediately
upon that suit being instituted, passed a law that
the mint should be hereafter exempted from taxa-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. „ I hope my friend will under-
stand that I did not mean to cast any reproach on
Pennsylvania, but the thing having taken place, I
think it rii>ht to make this provision.
Mr. DICKINSON. Has the Senator from j[
North Carolina accepted "the modification of his (|
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ken- [j
tucky. ;i
Mr. 'BADGER. If there is any difficulty I will
not accept it. !|
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 hope, then, it will not be !j
Accepted. The amendment of the Senator from \
North Carolina was just and proper under the cir- ;!
cumstances of the case; the other one, I think,
would tend to prejudice and delay, and 1 hope tiie jj
gentleman will not persist in it. .!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will test the sense of 1
the Senate in a moment by offering the amend- !j
ment without any remarks. I propose to amend :j
the amendment by striking out all after the word j
" shall," and inserting the following: , ;
"Cede to the UmtedfStaies exclusive jurisdiction over
the ground and property which mav by purchased lor the ;j
70
purpose of erecting: thereon the necessary buildings for the
purposes of this act."
I will merely remark, that if the amendment
prevails it will just place the property held by the
Government of the United States for the purposes
of this mint upon the same footing under the Con-
stitution as the naval establishments, and the^other
property held by the Government of the United,
States is placed under the Constitution.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the Senator will not
press his amendment. It goes a great deal fur-
ther than the amend ment of the Senator ftom North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] and will probably lead
to debate, an excited debate too. Why, sir, this
amendment extends much further than the Sena-
tor supposes. It seems to me to establish a new
principle. If you take the mint you may take the
custom-house, the post-office, the court-house, and
every other building in which officers of the United
States perform their duties, out of the jurisdiction
and beyond the process of the State. Now, we
have some trouble about these exclusive jurisdic-
tions of the United States. In some instances,
however, it is necessary that peculiar jurisdiction
should belong to the United States, but I see no
reason why in the custom-house, the mint, and
the post-office, the jurisdiction of the State should
not exist, and processes issue against all individu-
als therein. There is no necessity for introducing
another jurisdiction there. It never has been done
in a case of this kind, and I think the propriety of
introducing such a clause into this bill is question-
able. Besides, why should it be done in New
York, and not in California, Philadelphia, and
everywhere else ?
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will withdraw his amendment. It will
embarrass the whole question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not want to em-
barrass the bill, but I will make one remark. As
I understand it, State officers have no right to
enter into a naval establishment, such as we have
at Brooklyn and in many other parts of the United
States, for the purpose of assessing the "value of
the machinery which is used in the construction
of arms and to impose taxes upon it, and I see no
propriety in allowing a State jurisdiction of that
sort over establishments which are equally nation-
al, for national purposes, and I have no objection
at all and can see no danger in exempting estab-
lishments properly belonging to the United States
from the taxing power of the States, because these
acquisitions are only made for national purposes,
and the Constitution of the United States provides
for them. The amendment simply requires that
the State should cede to the nation jurisdiction
over its establishment.
Mr. DOWNS. It goes a great deal further.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If, however, the gentle-
man from New York thinks it will embarrass his
bill, I have no objection to withdraw it.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should be much indebted
to the Senator from Kentucky if he would with-
draw it. The amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina I approve of.
Mr. UNDERWOOD accordingly withdrew his ;
proposition, and theamendment proposed by Mr.
Badgek was adopted.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the bill by add-
ing the following: "That the law establishing
1 the branch mint at Charlotte, in the State ot
' Noith Carolina, and at Dahlonega, m the
' State of Georgia, be and the same is hereby
' repealed."
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will not press his motion. It
does not belong to this bill. 1 greatly prefer that
it should be offered in a separate form, and not
appended to this bill.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) We had better
vote it in.
Mr. HALE. As the Senator is desirous that
his bill should not be embarrassed,and as I heard
thb gentleman behind me say that they had better i
vote it in, 1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope I may be permitted to
say that 1 cannot acquiesce in the statement made by
the Senator from New York, although he advises
me of the source whence he obtains his inform-
ation, relative to the cost of coinage at the mint
either at Dahlonega or Charlotte. ' On looking to
the appropriations made to defray the annttel ex-
penses of these establishments, and to the state-
ment of the number of pieces -tfhieh have been
coined there, I find that the cost amounts to seven-
teen dollars .and some cents per hundred pieces
instead of sixty-seven dollars.
Mr. DICKINSON. I derived my information
from Hunt's Merchants' Magazine, a very high
authority upon matters of this sort, and generally .
a very correct one.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. STURGEON called for the yeas and nays, •
! which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
! follows: * ^
| YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Brad-
! bury, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Davis of
j Mississippi, f;ickinsori, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dod^e of
j Iowa, Douglass, Downs, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
j Houston, Hunter, Jones,. Mangum, Norn?, Rusk, S^baa-
' tian, Seward, Shields, Souic, Upham, Walker, and'Wfih-
j comb—34.
j NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bprrien, Borland, Bnller, jDavfs
i of Masj-arhusett--, Dawson, D.iyton, King, Ma?«m, Morton,
| Pearce, Pratt, Spruarice, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,
, and Wales—17,
; So the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
! Mr. DICKINSON called for the third reading
; of the bill, but objection was made by Mr. King.
I On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
j then proceeded to the consideration of executive
! business, and after some time spent therein the
| doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
] HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
! Thursday, May 30, 1850.
; The House met, pursuant to adjournment, at 8
i o'clock, a. m.
J On motion by Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
' to meet at 11 o'clock to-morrow.
And the,n,
On motion, the House, at 8 o'clock and 13 min-
utes, adjourned until to-morrow at 11 o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 30, 1850.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
DEATH OF HON. F. H. ELMORE.
Mr. BUTLER rose and said: Mr. President,
my heart sinks under the melancholy duty which
misfortune and affliction have imposed upon it.
Within less than three years it has fallen to my
lot to announce the deaths of two colleagues of tiie
other House; and it was but the other day that i
communicated to the Senate the death ot the fa-
mented Calhoun. We have scarcely divested our-
selves of the badges of mourning to his memory
before we are called on to replace them on the
occasion of his successor's death, %vhose place in
the Senate was but as a transit to a common tomb.
Such is human existence 1 it is as a shadow that
fleeth, and continueth not!
My friend and colleague, the late ^rankum
Harper Elmore, breathed his last at his lodgings
in this city last night, at halt-past eight o'clock.
For several years the state of his health hq^s been
a source .of solicitude and anxiety to his friends.
His mind had been tasked by many cares and re-
sponsibilities, and it was thought that even a change
of excitement and employment would aflord him
relief. It was with reluctance that he accepted the
distinguished compliment implied in the appoint-
ment that was tendered him by the Governor of
South Carolina, to fill for a time the vacancy in
the Senate occasioned by ihe death of his illustrious
predecessor. He look his seat in this body on the
6th of this month, and for a week or ten days the
hearts of his family and friends were glijddened by
the prospects and hopes of returning hearth, iftese
delusive hopes were excited only to make disap-
pointment the more poignant and afflictive, iv. new
