1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
form of disease—a neuralgia that pervaded the
whole system—was as the hand of death upon him.
His sufferings were very great, and from the time
of his attack were incessant. It is a source of
consolation that he retained his mind until the
actual invasion of death. His physicians, dis-
tinguished for their skill and knowledge, gave his
case uncommon attention, and did all in their
power to afford him relief, (t was his happiness
to have with him a being—the nearest to him by
all the ties of this earth, the partner of his bosom
and the mother of his children—a devoted wife,
who poured out upon him all that an affectionate
heart could bestow. These were alleviations and
sources of solace in an hour of awful trial; but
they could not arrest the demands of the inexora-
ble messenger.
In witnessing my friend's exit from this earth,
I hope I have not had a lesson without its mourn-
ful instruction.
Mr. Elmore, from the time he entered upon the
arena of life till his death, has acted no ordinary
part in public affairs. He has filled many employ-
ments and trusts of honor and responsibility—and
the confidence of his fellow-citizens to the last was
an honorable commentary on the manner in which
he discharged these duties.
Mr. Elmore was a native of Laurens district,
South Carolina, and died in the 51st year of his
age. His father, General Elmore, was a native of
Virginia, and was an active soldier of the Revolu-
tion, serving under General Green, in his celebrated
Southern campaign of 1781. His mother was a
Miss Saxon, a name distinguished in the partisan
war of the Revolution. After passing: through the
ordinary academical course, my friend entered the
South Carolina College in November, 1817, and
graduated two years afterwards with honor, and
with a reputation that at once presented him to ths
favorable consideration of the public. He read
law in my office, in the town of Columbia, and in
1821 was admitted to the bar.
Such was the impression that he had already
made on society, that in the year 1822, the year
after his admission to practice, he had conferred
on him one of the highest honors of his profession.
He was elected solicitor (a public prosecuting offi-
cer) of the southern circuit—cm office that involved
high responsibility and important public duties.
His energy, industry, and ability soon confirmed
the sanguine expectations of his friends.
He continued to be successively elected to this
office until he was called by his fellow citizens to
fill a new sphere of action—and one for which I
have always thought him eminently qualified, both
from taste and ambition. He took his seat m the
House of Representatives in December, 1836, to
fill a vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
General Hammond; he wasa g#in elected, and ser-
ved throughout the 25th Congress. During this time
he won a high reputation for parlamentiary address
and ability. The impression which he made on
his colleagues and contemporaries was such as to
flatter the pride and gratify the ambition of any pub-
lic man.
In December, 1839, Mr. Elmore was elected
President of the Bank of the State of South Caro-
lina. This was a position of real difficulty, that
required financial talents of a high order. Its la-
bors and responsibilities were great and almost
overwhelming. My friertd continued to be elected
to this office until his late nomination to the Sen-
ate. Such testimonials of merit, are higher and
more abiding than verbaT eulogy.
Shortly after Mr. Polk came into office, he ten-
dered to Colonel Elmore the most distinguished
mission in his gift, a mission to the Court of St.
James. His own modest distrust of his qualifica-
tions to equal public expectation, as well as his
duties and obligations at home, induced him to
decline the honor. Mr. Polk's opinion hid been
formed of Mr. Elmore whilst they were members
of Congress, and was a flattering tribute to his
character.
As a public man. Colonel Elmore showed great
sagacity in his opinions of men. Whilst he\vas
prudent in taking his course, he showed great
tenacity of purpose, and exhibited uncommon per-
severance in the attainment of contemplated ends.
His private relations presented his life in a view
that iiis friends may well love to look upon. His
habits were temperate, his deportment modest,
and his disposition amiable. As a husband and
father, he loved and was loved with deep and ten-
der affection. Although this place would not
seem to allow of such an indulgence, I hope my
friendship for their venerable and venerated grand-
mother's family, will be a pardon for sayms: a
word that may be of service to the bereaved chil-
dren of a deceased friend. You have a father's
example to guide you, and a father's reputation to
preserve. These, with an affectionate mother's
care, may inculcate on you the virtues that will
carry you through the temptations of life to honor
and respect. God grant that a friend's remark
may have a beneficial influence on your future des-
tiny!
Mr. President, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved unanimously, That a committee be appointed by
the Vice President to take order for superintending the fu-
] nerai of the Hon. Franklin H. Elmore, winch will take
! place to-morrow at 10 o'clock meridian, and that the Senate
will attend the same.
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere drsire oi showing every mark of lespect due
to the memory of the Hon. Franklin H. Elmore, deceased,
late a member thereof, will go into mourning tor him one
month, by the usual mode of wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved unanimously, That, as an additional mark of re-
spect for the memory of the Hon. Franklin H. Elmore, the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I cann&t permit the occasion
to pass without offering my tribute of respect to
the memory of the dead. I, too, knew him, and
knew him as a friend. We entered Congress to-
gether, and for the first time, as I had supposed,
in 1837, when there was, perhap-s, moie bitterness
in party divisions than I have known before or
since. I have counselled with him, I have acted
with him, and can truly say that I found him wise
in counsel, firm and energetic in action. I have
seen him under circumstances and exposed to trials
which test most severely the qualities of the head
and the heart; and under all circumstances, and in
all emergencies, he so bore himself as to win the
confidence of fi lends and the respect of adversa-
ries. I say adversaries, because if he had an
enemy, I did not know or see him. His was the
1 high capacity and rare excellence of pursuing his
own ends with ability and firmness, but in a man-
ner so kindly, so gentle and persuasive, as to dis-
arm political opposition of all personal bitterness.
Mr. President, 1 speak not in the extravagance
of eulogy, but from observation and experience,
when fsay that his was indeed a rare and beautiful
character,In which the strongerand gentler elements
were mingled in the happiest proportions. He
could command your confidence by the means
which won your love. When I heard he was to
be sent to this place, Mr. President, there was no
man who rejoiced more in the prospect of his
coming than myself. I thought he was the very
man to be useful in the troubled scene upon which
he was about to enter. His wisdom, his firmness,
his known moderation and patriotism, all fitted
him for the time and the place, and I anticipated
with pleasure the display of his powers here in
all the fullness of their maturity. '1 had heard
that he was sick, but ! did not know that the hand
of death was upon him, and had hoped that a
change of scene and circumstances would restore
him, and that long and useful years were before
him. Alas, sir, how delusive was that hope; and,
indeed, of how many human hopes may not the
same be said 1 The hopes—nay,
" The glories of our mortal £tate
Are shadow-*, not buh-uantta! things."
Yes, sir, the light of that eye is quenched, which
I have so often seen kindled under the influence of
high and generous emotion. Those lipsare sealed,
that tongue is mute, from which I hare heard the
words of wisdom, of eloquence, and truth. But
the lo^s is ours more than his. It is the loss of
the country which he would have served so faith-
fully—of the family which mourns him so deeply.
Mr. President, into the sacred circle of that
domestic grief, I do not venture to intrude. These
are blows which none can heal but He who dealt
them. But, sir, it is a satisfaction to his friends
to know that he has left a name which will be
Ions cherished and lespcefed, and an example
whose light, living and raidiant above even the
darkness of the tomb, will shed a guiding ray
upon those who may succeed hi n.
'Mr. YULEE. Much attached to him whose
worth has just been faithfully told, I ask to offer
a tribute to his memory. Gentle and benevolent,
generous and frank, affectionate and true, were
the emotions of his heart. A clear and well-
poised mind,and firm and well-ordered principles
of action, made him wise in judgment and just m
purpose. The high qualities that composed his
noble character, gave him, through all his life, a
leading: influence m the social and political con-
cerns of the community he belonged to, and would
probably have placed him very soon, if spared
to act in the present juncture of public affairs,
among the distinguished few who, by notable wis-
dom, integrity, patriotism, and usefulness^ at-
tract the especiel regards of their country, and
mark their memory in its history.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I sincerely
sympathize with the honorable member from
South Carolina, whose painful duty it has been
within so short a period to announce the death of
another colleague. I sympathize, sir, with all the
people of South Carolina, by whom, as I know,
the gentleman now deceased was greatly respected
and loved. I sympathize with that domestic cir-
cle to whom his death will be a loss never to be
repaired. And, sir, I feel that the Senate may
well be the object of condolence on the death of a
gentleman so well known in the other branch of
the Legislature, of so much experience in the va-
rious duties of public and official life in his own
State, and who has so recently come into this
body with every qualification to render here im-
portant public service, and with every prospect of
a usefulness, except so far as that prospect may
have been dimmed by serious apprehensions iri
regard to his health.
Sir, I had the good fortune to become acquainted
with Mr. Elmore ten or twelve years a o, when
he was a member, and I may say a leading mem-
ber of the House of Representatives. I had formed
a very favorable opinion of his character as a man
of integrity and uprightness, of great respecta-
bility, and great talent. I regretted his departure
from the councils of the nation, because a person
with his qualifications and with his habits of busi-
ness grows every day more useful in our political
circles, so long as he remains in the possession o*
his faculties, and m the activje performance of his
duties. It happened to me, sir,some years after-
wards, and not now many yeais since, to foim a
personal and more private acquaintance with the
deceased. I had the pleasureof seeing him among
his own friends,of cultivating his acquaintance in
the midst of those circles of social life in which he
was regarded as a treasure and an ornament. I
owe, sir, to him, whatever is due for kindness and
hospitality, for generous welcome, and for an ex-
tension of the civilities and courtesies of life.
I shall cherish his memory with sincere regard
as a valuable and able public man, and a gentle-
man entitled to high estimation in all the relations
of life.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President
the close personal friendship subsisting between
myself and the deceased constitutes at once a dis-
qualification on my part for speaking of him, and
an impelling power which will not permit me to
remain in silence. My acquaintance with him
commenced some twelve.yeais ago; during a part
of that time 1 have been on intimate terms with him,
and may be permitted to express my concurrence
in what has been said of him on this occasion. He
has been truly portrayed as one in whose character
was blended firmness and gentleness, wisdom and
modesty. These were his characteristics; and
above ali, directing and controlling all, there was
that stern devotion to duty, that single appliance
to whatever was the task before him, which con-
stitutes one of the great elements of every public
character, distinguished for virtue and public use-
fulness. It was this devotion to duty in the sphere
alluded to by his colleague which no doubt shat-
tered his constitution, and thus terminated his life.
On the bed from which he never rose, when wasted
by disease and racked by pain, that principle which
caused him to devote head and heait to his duty
still ruled supreme over physical suffering and ex-
haustion. I saw him but a short time before his
death. His first words to me then were those
which pointed to the current business of the Sen-
ate, and to those interests of which he felt himself
to be more immediately the representative, and of
which we know he was so true, so able, and so
faithful an advocate. The country loses much in
losing such a citizen; the Senate loses much in
losing such a member; his State loses much in
losing such a representative. But there is a deeper
grief, a greater loss, a darker pal! spread over his
