1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
son, James Thompson, William Thompson,WaldenjWaldo,
Wentworth, Whiulesey, Wildrick, Wood, and Young.
James 5. Green—Messrs. Bocock, Colcock, liolmday,
McQueen, McWiljse, Urr, Powell, Seddon, Venable, and
Woodward.
David Wilmot—Messrs. Allen, Booth, Giddings, p. King,
Root, and Durk^e.
Linn Bjyd—Messrs. Averett, Bowdon, Featherston, How-
ard, and M^ade.
M. P. Gentry— Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Morion, Owen, A.
fl. Stephens, and Toombs.
Hotveli Cobb-~ Messrs. W. R. W. Cobb, Haralson, A. John-
son, Jones, and Miller.
John K. MUler—Messrs. S. W. Harris, La Sfere, and
Mors**.
WUliam. J. Brown—Me*srs. Bayly and Harmansou.
Thom-js H. Bayly— Messrs. Burt and Wellborn.
Horace Mann—Mr. Campbell.
David S. Kaufman—M t. Hae ketl.
Charles Dtirkee—Mr. Wilmot.
William F. Colcock—Mr. Holmes.
Frederick P. Stanton— Mt. Hubbard.
Sampson W. Harris—Mr. Inge.
Richard K. Meade—Mr. Wallace.
No choice.
Mr. MORSE rose and said that he held in his
hand a resolution which he offered after consult-
ation with a very few friends on his side of the
House, none of whom, unfortunately,agreed with
him in opinion, but which, in his judgment, was
calculated to terminate what was now beginning to
be a ridiculous course of action on the part of this
House.
The resolution was then read by the Clerk, as j
follows:
Wheiea=, the Hon. Hosvei.l Cobb, of Georgia, and Rob-
ert O Winthrop, of Massachusetts, have each received
more than one liuixlrt-d votes, on a large number of ballots :
Be it raohed. That tile Cietk of tlie Hmi-e be required
to place the natnes ot Ilowell Cobb and RobertC. tVintluop
in a box, and the fir-t name drawn out by one of the pages
shall be Speaker ot the Thirty-First Congress.
The country looked to this House, and expect-
ed to see it organized. There were, it was well
known, a few individuals who had obstinately
been voting against either of the candidates which ',!
had been brought torward.and would continue to i;
vote against either of the candidates who might be
brought forward by the two great parties of thia j;
country. This would forever prevent an organ- j:
izatior. of the House, upon the plan under which >j
they were now proceeding. It was due to the ;;
legislation of this country that one or the other of
these two great parties should have the control of j;
the organization of this body. Those members jj
who differed from the great body of the House,
twenty gentlemen, perfectly well disposed to organ-
ize the House, and proceed with the business of
the country—constituting the two great parties,
to one of which, it was claimed, the Speaker cer-
tainly belonged—had (to use the expression of
the gentleman from Louisiana, which he (Mr. R )
would not use on his own account) brought
themselves to a ridiculous situation! Now, if
theie was one thing in this matter more ridiculous
than another, it was that this confession should
have been made by any gentleman representing
either of these great parties. That two hundred
and twenty gentlemen, well-disposeil, patriotic,
intelligent men, belonging to the two great parties
—to one of which, it was said, belonged theorgan-
i ization of the House—could not of themselves
: organize, but had to get up a gambling tesolution,
| a lottery, [a laugh,] in which there were just as
1 many blanks as prizes, [renewed laughter,] have
; a drawing, and call upon one of their little pages
(if he understood the resolution correctly; to inter-
vene and help these two great parties out of the
difficulty, [laughter.]
The gentleman from Louisiana hid said they
were in a ridiculous situation. He (Mr. R.)
would never have said that. He did not see any-
thing ridiculous in the proceedings of this House,
or meeting, or whatever they might call their
assemblage. They had been characterized by
great order and decorum. But he believed they
would deserve to be characterized as a ridiculous
assemblage, if they resorted to such means to get
a Speaker as was proposed by the gentleman from
Louisiana. Now, he did not feel authorized to
N give advice to either of the two great parties; but
j! as he was willing to take it, he might perhaps
J offer a little—that was, for each to stand up and
die game. Let me tell these two great parties that
they have not got us into a Philadelphia Conven-
tion nor into a Baltimore Convention; there is no
yelling a man down here yet.
[A voice: Nor into a Buffalo Convention.]
No, (said'Mr. R.,) nor into a Buffalo Conven-
tion. If you had, you would have had a Speaker
long ago—as good a one as you will get after all
your labors.
They had heard (he proceeded to say) some-
thing from the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable,] who had said that both parties
were patriotic in theirefforts to electa Speaker and
organize the House, and that if half a dozen in-
dividuals saw fit to take the responsibility of de-
who could not find an acceptable man in either of ;! feating the organization of the House, why ! the in aiiuumg iu uujccnuiw «5an  «« 5a ~.—«
the great parties, still persisted in preventing the j; blame would be on them, [a laugh,] and that they i; from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] nothing of a personal
organization. He desired to see this contest ter- / would be called to an account by their consiitu- j. nature is meant, nor anything reflecting on his
son for not so voting, it may be that there are not
ten men upon this floor who would not justify me.
But, sir, how shall I defend that vote ? Shall I
make a personal attack on the nominee? That I
could not do without violating all those proprieties
which I have been educated to observe, and which
1 hope I shall never cease to regard. And I repro-
bate the course of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Venable,] as I do that of thegentieman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse,j in making issues
against gentlemen, which they cannot meet, with-
out going into the discussion of the political con-
duct of candidates. How do you know what just-
ification I might be able to make for not voting for
the nominee of a majority of what is called the
Democratic party ? If it were lawful to make such
a question here, I believe I could convince m re
members than have voted for both the party nom-
inees, that I am justifiable in voting against him.
I disagree with those gentlemen who would de-
stroy the individuality of Representatives and con-
vert them into mere machines, to be moved by
party caucuses. The candidate of a caucus is al-
ways a compromise candidate; I cannot compro-
mise with such politicians as have been engaged
in making the nomination in question.
The gentleman appears to think that we ought
i to vote as a majority may dictate. Sir,. what
right has the majority to control my vote ? I con-
sent that the majority must decide questions; their
vote must prevail against that of the minority; but
! the minority has as perfect a right to an inde-
| pendent vote as the majority. My right to vote
! is as perfect as that of all the members on this floor;
| and if I thought myself right, [ would vote against
j all the people in the United States, and would in-
i terfere with no right of theirs in doing so.
1 1 say, I have no candidate of my own, but am
ready to vote for any unobjectionable one. Be-
tween the two candidates of caucus, my vote never
would have decided the question; no candidate
has ever been so nearly elected, that my vote
would have produced an election.
"Whenever the numerical.relations of two candi-
dates are such that I can dccide the case between
them, my purpose has been to do so. But as mat-
ters have stood, my vote for either would have
been a mere complimentary one, or in subservience
to the authority of caucus. And I never can give
a complimentary vote to either nominee, nor shall
I recognize the authority of caucus to dictate a
vote, I could not justify myself in giving.
In alluding to objections against the gentleman
organization. — ..   .
minated. The House had indicated, by a large ent3. , That was the very accountability he (Mr.
number of votings, that the two gentlemen selected j1 r.) courted. Let every gentleman look to his
by their respective parties each commanded almost j> own constituents, if he pleased, or to the authority
a majority of the House. Both these gentlemen, || which controlled him. Gentlemen needed not be at
(without intending any invidious distinction,) it ^ the trouble of reminding him of what he owed to
was admitted, were as well qualified to discharge
the functions of Speaker'as any gentlemen who
could be selected from this House.
If he could see, in the'future, any hope of elect-
ing a Speaker, he would not have offered this
proposition to refer the decision of the question to
chance. But circumstances being as they were,  
he proposed that t-he names of Robert C. Win- ■! to vote with the majority of the House.
throp and Howell Cobb—each of whom had rt- | They settled that matter with their consti
his constituents, they and he would arrange that.
This was not the first time he had belonged to a
small party. It was not the first time he had
heard the majority of the House denouncing a few
men who did not act with them. In the d .ys of
the Mexican war there were fourteen who were
denounced as " traitors," because they did not see
ceived more than one hundred votes upon a large
number of votings—should be placed in a box, j;
and that one of the pages should draw out a name, :!
and the gentleman whose name was first drawn j.
should be Speaker of the House. He knew that ij
there might, and probably would be, objections |l
made to this proposition, and that it might seem [
wrong to gentlemen that so important a matter ;
should be let't to the decision of chance. But
graver questions than this had been decided in the ,
same way. He desired, as far as he could, to clear ,
himself and the House of the ridiculous attitude of ,
spending day after day in further voting, without |
the least hope of coming to a successful result. '
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to lay the j
resolution on the table. !
The first question being on this motion-
Mr. ROOT said he regretted that tjiey should
be in so unfortunate a predicament; that the great
body of the House should have been struggling so
long to organize, and have been defeated in all their
efforts by*a few obstinate members; for that was
constituents;*
he (Mr. R.) did, and he was here; while some gen-
tlemen who had denounced him as a " traitor,"
had endeared themselves so much to their constitu-
ents that they kept them at home. He concluded by
remarking that he hoped they would have action
upon this resolution in a direct form, so that the
, character as a man.
j Mr. MORSE said, before the vote was taken,
1 he desired to say one single word in reply to the
! remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root.]
| That gentleman had the peculiar faculty, whenever
i he rose, of putting the House in a good mood; but
i he (Mr. M.) confessed he thought ridicule and
i laughter no very valid answer to the arguments in
j favor of the resolution he had had the honor to in-
! troduce.
j One week had elapsed, and they were further
| from an organization than they were the day they
I took their seats. It was no answer to tell him that
j it was a " gambling" transaction. The House had
the right to elect the manner of selecting their
; Speaker; and when a plan was presented which
I afforded to every gentleman the opportunity of
! saying whether one of two gentlemen avowedly
' competent to discharge the duties—gentlemen of
known experience, and who had commanded
upon inis icsuiuiivu n  ** v..~. v..^ ,t  —,
vote mi ht go to the country, and the position of |; larger votes than any other two gentlemen on tnia
■rentlemen. on all sides, be distinctly understood, j; floor probably could command—should hli me
. i c-najr> ridicule would not divert him from the sup-
He thanked the Clerk for his attention, saying he j
believed he was about the only one who had heard
him, [merriment.]
Mr. WOODWARD said; The remarks that
have just fallen from the gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Morse] entitle me, if they do not make
it my duty, to be heard on the subject he has in-
troduced.
1 belong to no faction on this floor. I am con-
nected with no set of men organized to run a par-
ticular candidate. I have indicated no man whom
I insist on having elected, as others have. I have
voted for several gentlemen, as many I believe
from free States as from slave States; and am ready
to vote for others. For the nominee of what ;s
about the situation fh which they now j; the Democratic caucus, I confess I have not
from' ifouisiano, [Mr. Morse.] Two hundred and il voted; and if I could with propriety assign my rea-
port of what he believed would be a fair, open,
correct manner of giving to this body an organiza-
tion, and relieving the two great parties ofthe
country from the ridicule (he used the expression)
which had been brought upon them by a few indi-
viduals: He did not charge the Whig or the Demo-
cratic party with being the cause of disorganiza-
tion. Other persons were responsible. Both these
parties had shown themselves to be honest, se-
rious in their endeavors to give to this body an
organization, and proceed with the public business;
and if they did not succeed, it would be from no
failure on their part to present, and, as long as was
reasonable, to stand by, two men who were quali-
fied in every respect to fill the chair. He was not
invading the right of the gentleman from South
