14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
Carolina, who thought he had the right to vote
upon ali'great questions, and that every Represent-
ative from every Congressional district had the
right to be heard. They would be heard if this
resolution were adopted. They had the right to
change the manner of voting, and to arrive at the
sense of the House in any way which the majority
saw fit. They might insert the name of a candi-
date for Speaker in a resolution, as they had before
done in the case Mr. French, who was made
Clerk in that way, and in other cases, and all gen-
tlemen would have the right to vote upon the ques-
tipn. ff the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina did not like the nominee of the Whig
party, he could vote against their resolution; and
if he did not like the nominee of his own party,
fee could also vote against such a resolution.
It was a Question which appealed to the common
sense of this body. Would they sit here and
allow a few gentlemen to defeat all their attempts
at an organization, until the public press should
cry shame upon the Representatives of the people?
He trusted not. He trusted that gentlemen would
fee satisfied with the result of this resolution,
which would be to give them one of two gentle-
men, either of whom was well qualified to fill the
chair Gentlemen had told the House that they
would sit here and vote for months before they
would change their position, if there were any
probability of their changing their votes so as to rer
suit in an election, he would be in favor of continu-
ins to vote; but gentlemen knew they could not get
a Speaker which belonged to one of the two great
parties. He trusted gentlemen would reflect, and
so vote as to extricate the House from the ridicu-
lous position in which they were now placed.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, hoped that this
discussion would be brought to an end. The
House had been entertained with a comedy from
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] with some-
thing like a tragedy from the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] and an after-
piece from the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Morse ] He hoped now that the play would be
brought to a close. He trusted that the question
would not further be discussed, but that the vote
would now be taken on his motion to lay on the
txble.
Mr. ROOT. What will the gentleman from
Mississippi gain by laying the resolution on the
table ?
Mr, BROWN. We will then have another
vote.
Mr. ROOT. We shall gain nothing. If laid
upon the table, the House can take it up again at
any time.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK rose and moved the following
resolution:
Rew'ved, That t^Housp do now proceed to the election
of Spe^kpr; and that the vote he taken by ballot.
[Cries of assent and dissent on both sides of the
House.]
Mr. SCHEVCK remarked that the resolution,
if adopted, would effect a great saving of time, in-
asmuch as they could vote twenty times a day by
ballot, while they could hardly vote a quarter as
many by the slow process of viva voce. He re-
ferred, also, to the principle involved in the prop-
osition, and which he thought worth considering
in any deliberative body, viz: if practicable, that
the presiding officer should not know by what
votes he was placed in the chair—a principle which
he thought in accordance with the theory of our
Government, and which would commend itself to
the favor of every ge-ulem^n who rightly consid-
ered it He had not risen, however, for the pur-
pose ofdiseussmg the reasons for his preference
for voting by ballot, or of responding to any objec-
tions which mi«;ht be mnde thereto, but simply to
propose this plan as well worth the trial, in order
to relieve themselves from the awkward position
in which they were now placed.
Mr. VENABLE said he could not consent to
vote for the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] A vote by ballot for Speaker,
if'it altered the result at all, must produce that ef-
fect for one of two reasons: either a disposition of
the voter to practice a deception as to his vote, or a
fear of the responsibility when he would return
to his constituents. He did not impute either of
those motives to the mover of this resolution, but
could conceive of no sound reason for such a
change in our mode of election. He had voted for
the gentleman who was the nominefe of the Demo-
cratic caucus, on at least sixteen ballots. He was
not a member of that caucus, but accepted the
nominee. He had voted after this for several gen-
tlemen who were believed to be sound on the great
question now agitating the North and the South,
who resided in non*slaveholding States. He pre-
ferred a Speaker from a non-slaveholding State.
If this great question ever becomes a geographical
question, he would not originate the move. In its
disastrous consequences, " they could not shake
their gory locks at him, and say he did it." No,
sir; this is a point to which nothing but the acts
of others could drive him. The whole country
must see what it was that now obstructed the or-
ganization of the House. He was unwilling to
hurry the issue of this great battle in a skirmish;
but if it was apparent that the success of the skir-
mish must determine the fate of the battle, then
the skirmish must be fought with all the care and
skill with which the great struggle is to be con-
ducted. Afterit was manifestly impossible to elect
the gentleman he had voted for by the majority of
the Democratic party, he had voted for such gen-
tlemen from the non-slaveholding States as were
not in favor of the Free-Soilers and Abolitionists.
He had pledged himself to his constituents to vote
for no Free-Soiler or Abolitionist for Speaker, and
he meant to adhere to his pledge, whatever might
be the result. With Free-Soilers and Abolitionists
he could not unite. It would be unreasonable to
do so; for such a union presupposed a purpose to
effect by indirection that which could not be open-
ly attained. The three hundred men of Gideon
were worth more than all the mixed multitude
which presented themselves, and he thought that
it was as well to let the country know what was
the real question which prevented the organization
of the House. A vote by ballot may conceal the
names of the voters—may by possibility elect a
Speaker; but it will be at the expense of breaking
down a custom founded in wisdom and productive
of the best results. A man has a right to vote by
ballot in a matter in which he alone is concerned,
for he is responsible to himself. But he conceived
that he had no such right to cast the vote of his
constituents, who had a right to know all that he
had done in his representative capacity.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he could
not regard the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] in any other light than as a
reflection upon some of the members of the House.
The presumption certainly would be, that mem-
bers, when their votes would not be known, would
vote differently from what they would if their
votes were known. Regarding the resolution tn
this light, and being unwilling to vote upon any
proposition reflecting upon the motives or integrity
of members, he moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK briefly repelled the imputation
indicated m the remarks of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] that he (Mr. S.)
intended, by the resolution he had offered, to cast
any reflection upon the course or the motives of
gentlemen in this House. He had no such design.
In regard to what had been said by thegemle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] in re-
lation to the position of gentlemen here, and to the
vote by ballot, he (Mr. S.) had only to say that,
for himself, he was not pledged to vote for any
particular man, or for any particular class of
men. He had not told his constituents, as the
gentleman from North Carolina had told his, that
he would not vote for a Free-Soiler, or that he
would not vote for a slaveholder. He was here to
vote, as he was determined to do, for a man who,
he thought, would preside over the deliberations
of this body with dignity and impartiality, come
from what quarter of the Union he might. He
could pick out a hundred men in this House for
any one of whom he would cheerfully cast his
vote, if, by so doing, he could aid in effecting an
organization of the House.
Among other considerations which he thought
should conduce to the adoption of the resolution,
was this: that a great deal of time would be saved
in the vote by ballot. Ten votes could be taken
by this proces, where one would be taken viva
voce. In the next place, the House was now a sort
of primary oasembly, acting, as it were, in a pri-
mary capacity. If they were here for the purpose
of electing a President of the United States, there
might be propriety in insisting on the vote viva
voce} so that the people mig'ft know how their
Representatives had voted. But they were here
for the purpose of electing an officer to preside
over their own deliberations, and, without arguing
the matter in extenso, it would be sufficient for him
to say that one reason alone covered the whole case
presented: it was, that the mode of election con-
templated by his resolution was in accordance
with the theory of the Constitution—that the man
who was chosen to fill the chair, should not know
by whose votes he was placed there.
Again: The proposition to vote by ballot was
spoken of as if it were something new—as if it
involved some attack on the liberties of the peo-
ple. In answer to this objection he referred to the
fact that the mode of voting viva vice, which had
been adopted some ten years ago, was an innova-
tion upon the old and possibly the more whole-
some principle of voting by ballot.
He had offered the resolution without consulta-
tion with any other gentleman; he had offered it
without any knowledge of the influence, if any,
which it might have upon the votes of gentlemen,
and without any view to change their votes. He
knew that it would have no influence upon his
own action; possibly it might have none upon the
action of any other man. That, however, was a
matter which he left to each man to settle with
himself, and his sense of right, and his constitu-
ents.
Mr. INGE demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table; which were ordered,
and being taken, resulted—yeas 162, nays 6*2; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alsiton,
Ashe, Aveiett, Bay, Bayly. Beale, Bingham,Bissell, Boooek,
Hooth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William
J. Brown, Buel, Burt, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter,
Clarke, Cleveland, Chngman, Howell Uobb,W. R. W. Cobb,
C Icock, Daniel, Deberry,Dickey, Dimnuck, Disney, Dixon,
Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmund on, N. Evans, Ewig,
Feather ton, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gerry, Giddings Gil-
more, Gorman, Green,'Hackett, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton,
Hammond, H.tralson, Harlan, Harmansori, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Hay, Hibbard, Mil-
liard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Howe, Hub-
bard, Hunter, Inge, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, J. L. John-
son, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, George G King, John
A. King, Preston King, La Sere, LelHer, LittlefHd, Job
Mann, Mason, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, McDow-
ell, McKis-ock, McLanahun, Robert M. MoLane, Finis jd.
M Lean, McMullen, McQueen, MeWillie, Meade, Miller,
Millson, Morehead, Morris, Mor.se, Morton, Ogle, Olds,
Oir, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Pea'-lee, Peck, Phelps, Potter,
Powell, Reynolds, Richardson, JKisley, Robbins, Robinson,
Root, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Savvtelle, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sheppeid, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephens Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Strong, Sweetser, Thomas., William Thompson J. Thomp-
son, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Ven-
able, Walden, W.ildo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Went-
worth, White, Whittlesey, Wildriek, Williams, Wihnot,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—16-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, A*hmun, Baker,
Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thorn is B. Butler, Casey, Chandler, Cole,
Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Duncan, A. Evans,
Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Hampton, Hay-
mond, Hcbard, Henry, Houston, Kerr, D.uiM P. King,
James G. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, McGaughey,
Meacham, Moore, Nelson, Nes, Newell. Otis, Phce'iix,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rockwell, Rose, Schenck, Silvester,
Spauldimf, Sprague, Siauly, Thurman, Underbill, Van
Dyke, Vinton, and Wilson—62.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. WENTVVORTH now moved that the
FLouse proceed to the election of Speaker viva
voce.
Mr. BOWIE sent to the Clerk's table the fol-
lowing resolutions, which were read for informa-
tion:
Resolved, That the organization of this House cannot
longer be suspended, without jeoparding the confidence of
the people in their Representatives, and exciting their just
apprehensions that the spirit of party has triumphed over
the deliberate reason of this assembly.
ResoUed, That each party, and every member of each
party in this House, is under the most solemn obligations to
cultivate a spirit of conciliation and self-sacrrtice, and give
up to their country their personal and party predilections.
Resolved, That a committoe of be elected, by ballot,
who shall recommend to this House suitable persons, to fill
the offices of the Speaker and Clerk of this House, and that
the committee report by twelve o'clock, to-moirow.
The resolution having been read—
Mr, WENTVVORTH insisted on his motion,
and the question thereon having been taken and
decided in the affirmative— .
The House decided that it would proceed to the
election of Speaker, viva voce.
