1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I#
Mr. POTTER rose, and was understood to say
that he felt highly flattered by the vote which had
been given to him. Conceiving,.however, that the
majority did not lean in that direction, and not de-
siring to embarrass the action of the House, he
hoped his friends would make no further use of
his name.
The roll was called for the thirty-second time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number of
votes given in" was 224; necessary to a choice 113;
of which—
Mr. Winthrop received   101
Mr. W. J. Brown 53
Mr. Boyd 15
Mr. Disney 13
Mr. H. Cobb 10
Mr. Wilmot  6
Mr. Gentry •*  5
Mr. Green    5
Mr. Strong  3
Mr. Miller  3
Mr. James Thompson    3
Mr. McClernand  1
Mr. Horace Mann  1
Mr. Meade  1
Mr. F. P. Stanton  1
Mr. A. G. Brown  1
Mr. Potter  J
Mr. Durkee    1
294
The following is the vote in detail:
For Robert C. JVint/trop—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, An-
deoon, Andrews, Ashmmi, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie,
JBieck, Brigss, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas.
B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, <Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cliiigman, Cole, Conger, Uunrad, Corwin, Crowell,
Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gou, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Hayinond, Hebard,
Henry, Milliard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, J. L. Johnson,
Kerr, Daniel P. Kine, George G. King, James G. King, John
A Kin", Levin, Horace Maun, Marshall, Mdtteson, Mc-
G,mahe°y, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Meaeham, Moore,
Morehead, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Ph®-
itix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ki,!ey, Kockwel,
Eo-e, Kumsey, Sackett, Scf.enck, Sclierinerhorn, ochool-
eraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldiii", Sp'a?ue. fctanly,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. 1 liompson, Thurman,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watktns, White, Williams,
■^ForWtUvim J. Brown—Messrs, Albert«on, Ashe, Bayly,
Bowdon. Albert G. Brown, George A. Caldwell, Daniel,
Dickev, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Fitcti,Gerry,Gorman,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ila'lan, Harmanson, sa™P>°n
W. Harris,Thomas L.Harris, Ilibbard, Honsland, Holme*-,
Robert VV. Johnson, Kaufman, La ej&re Leffler, Littlefleld,
Job Mann, Mason, McDonald, McDowell, McLanalian, R.
M. Mi-Lane, Mc Wil le, Millson, Morae, Parker, Peaslee,
Phelps, Richardson, Robinson, Rumsey, savage, Savvtelie,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wellborn, Wentworth, and
Yiin  JW-Messrs. Bcale, Bocock, Burt, Howell Col.b,
Edmu d-on, Feather^ton, Hackett, Holladay,
bins, lloss, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
'""dooM Messrs. William J. Browi^ Cartter,
Doty, Fuller, Morris, Olds, Potter, Stetson, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Wood, Strong, and Sweotser. _
HowM Cobb—Messrs, Averett, Bay, Boyd, W. R. W.
Cobb, Ewing, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Andrew Johnson,
Allen, Booth, Durkee, Giddings,
n°?nknK. M«S-MeA'rs. Bissell, Green, and MeOlemand.
adjourned until the 1st day of January, 1850, at twelve
o'clock.
mUiSn Wrong—Messrs. Bingham, Peek, and_Wal<to.
ja.me> Thompson—Messrs. Buel, Joseph Cable, and Gil
mjtfe'P. GenYy-Messrs. E. C. Cabell, Morton, Owen, A.
HjST"Grel-M^srs. Coleock, McQueen, Orr, Pow-
ell, and Woodward.
John Jl. McClernand—Mr. Bowllil.
Horace Mimn— Mr Campbell.
R K. Meade—Mr. Wallace.
F. P. Sfmiion-Mr. Hubbard.
Jl. G. Brou-n— Mr. Inge.
Emery D. Potter—Mr. McMullen.
Charles Durkee—Mr. Wilmot.
No choice.
Mr HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved that
the House adjourn. ,
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked the yea3 and
navs; which were refused.
Tellers were asked and appointed, (Meters.
Cabell of Florida, and Bowlin.)
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 92, noes 100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SWEETSER rose and offered the follow-
in? resolution:
The resolution having been read—
Mr. SWEETSER said, he rose to present a
resolution to the House for an adjournment until
the 1st day of January, 1850, (the Senate consent-
ing,) because, from present indications, no organi-
zation could be hoped for.
The Democratic party, to which he belonged,
had, on the day the House convened, presented,
as their candidate for Speaker, the Hon. Howell
Cobb, of Georgia, nominated in conformity with
the usages of the Democratic party. The Whig
party presented, as their caucus candidate, the
Hon. Robert C. Winthrop, of Massachusetts.
The House balloted for three days, during
which time Mr. Cobb received one hundred and
three votes, which were freely concentrated upon
him. At this time a number of his friends,
among whom was Mr. S., became convinced
that, although Mr. Cobb had a plurality of all
the votes cast, he could not be elected Speaker,
and inasmuch as the Democratic party had a clear
plurality, the responsibility devolved upon them to
offer some other candidate upon whom the House
could unite, and effect an organization, and pro-
ceed to the business of their constituents. They
made a diversion which resulted in a favorable de-
monstration, upon the Hon. Emery D. Potter,
of Ohio. They have balloted now seven days
without an election, and without any evidence
that they could succeed in effecting an organization.
The Democratic party had evidenced to the
country their patriotic desire and effort to effect an
organization. On the fourth day, an honorable gen-
tleman from New York had said to the Democratic
members of the House, that they were broken in
fragments, and factious in their action, whilst they,
the Whigs, stood firm to their candidate. An
honorable"gentleman from Massachusetts had sub-
mitted on the fourth day, a proposition to abrogate
the rule of voting viva voce, and vote by ballot,
which proposition received no favor from the
Democratic side of the House. And to-day his
colleague [Mr. Schbncr] had submitted again the
same proposition, which was again voted Uown by
the Democrats. The object of this movement had
been so manifest that it had excited indignant feel-
ings, when his colleague explained that he did not
intend to impugn the integrity of any member of
the House; and he (Mr. S.) would take his col-
league at his word.
He desired the country should understand the
true position of parties in this House;-and he did
not intend to brook the charge that the Democratic
party in their honest and faithful efforts to organ-
ize the House, had exhibited a factious spirit. The
Whi<*s had been able to give Mr. Winthrop 102
votes"on the fourth and fifth days, and had voted
.since that time as firm as the hills in the native
State of their candidate, without making any di-
version or effort to present to the country a candi-
date upon whom they could unite their strength,
and without any reasonable hope of electing him
by a fair viva voce vote of the House.
it is for the country to judge upon whom rests
the responsibility. The Democrats have shown
that they are willing to meet their brethien from
the North and the South, ami waive all minor
questions, and join in the organization of the
House. This sacrifice (if it be a sacrifice) is de-
manded by a common constituency-, and the whole
country, North and South, East and West, are
speaking m language that cannot be misunderstood,
to their Representatives in this House, demand-
ing its organization. The Democracy have done
their duty. He (Mr. S.) was unwilling to remain
here longer in a fruitless effort at organization, and
desired to return home to his constituents and his
afflicted family, and not remain here at the ex-
pense of the nation, until a reasonable time had
elapsed, in order to effect a compromise that might
promise an organization. He had, therefore, of-
fered the resolution sent to the Chair.
Mr. HOLMES said he hoped the House wouid
take a vote on the resolution. He intended to vote j
8i,Mr. WENTWORTH said, that as this resolu-
tion was not presented as a joint resolution, and
taking it for granted, therefore, that the Clerk
would decide it out of order, inasmuch as the con-
current action of the Senate would be requisite to
give it force, he would move that the House pro-
ceed to v&te for Speaker viva vice.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
Tellers were ordered—(Messrs. Venable arid
Cabell o"f Florida.)
And the question Having been taken on the
affirmative side—
The Clerk stated that a majority of the whole
number of members having voted in favor of the
motion, it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 11, 1849.
Mr. Bright, of Indian^, appeared in his seat.
Mr. HUNTER asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the petition and papers of
John-Mason, which he said had been presented
and referred at the last session, but had not been
reported upon.
The leave was granted.
Mr. §EWARD asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the" files of the Senate the papers
of Skelton Pelton.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. During the last session
of Congress there were a good many bills reported
by committees which were not acted upon by the
Senate. One of those bills which were thus re-
ported without being further acted upon I desire to
get before the Senate at an.early day. I rise now,
therefore, for the purpose of giving notice that I
will to-morrow, or on some other convenient day,
introduce a bill to provide for the unpaid claims of
the officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and
Continental lines.
Mr. POOTE. 1 hope the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is right in supposing it to be in order to
give notice of his intention to introduce a bill. I
was under the impression that it was not entirely
j proper to give such notice until the organization of
! the two Houses of Congress should be completed.
| If, however, the gentleman is right, I wish to have
1 the like privilege extended to me.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, lam not very well versed
sir, in strict parliamentary usage, but 1 supposed
that such a notice as 1 have given would be m order.
We are sufficiently organized, 1 apprehend, for
purposes of this sort, although we have no com-
mittees as yet. The notice is a mere warning to
the Senate of what a member designs to bring for-
ward at a future day. I am not aware of any re-
striction upon the giving of such warning. It
seems to me to be fully time, at all events, to make
some movement in the business of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire the opinion of the Chair upon the question
as to whether it is in order to give the notice at
this time ? .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should certainly be
glad to have the point determined.
Mr. FOOTE. i wish it to be understood that I
am not raising any objection to the giving of the
notice. I hope it may be decided that the Senator
is in order. 1 merely wish to be satisfied of the
fact whether it is in order to give the notice or not,
because I wish to give notice of my intention to
introduce a bill which I hove been preparing for
some time past. 1 will ask the Chair to decide
the point.
| The VlCEl?RESIDENT. The impression of
the Chair is, that no proceeding connected with
legislative business can be bad until both Houses
are organized. As notice of the introduction of a
bill is a necessary antecedent step to trie introduc-
tion of a bill, and one which relates to the busi-
ness of legislation, in the opinion of the Chair it
is not now in order to give such notice. _
After an interval of some time, there being no
business before the Senate—
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
■HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 11, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
On motion by Mr. WENTWORTH, the House
proceeded to vole for Speaker, viva voce.
Messrs, HiLLiiRO ot Alabama, Stro.s g of Penn-
sylvania, Dcer of New York, and Miller of
Ohio, resumed their seats at the Clerk's table as
tellers to count the vote.
