1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M)9
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jane 3,1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
HEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. PEASLEE asked the unanimous consent
whether it would be right to take up a matter of I
such importance at thistime. !
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I voted, as the I
Senator knows, against the engrossment of this 1
bill. But it was carried by'a majority of some
fourteen or fifteen votes. The sense of the Senate I
has been therefore fairly expressed upon the sub- !, j l-i, ^ , i
ject. And there is very little probability that ; fthe House to introduce a bill, of which, he said,
any gentleman will change his opinion. I voted I, LT'thf hi?h M i «bJect was
against the engrossment of this bill, and I object- I r w l/™°uld be referred t0 lhe Com[mUee
ed to its third reading, after that had been or- I ° Thpreafr nf th l 'ti „ j P
dered, because it had not then been engrossed. It nJ> w r ^ r of the bill was called for,
is now engrossed, and I see no impropriety in let- °,d T *nd ! '"C0™*"0?> ™ " « b>!1 a"hor-
tine it *ro To the House of Representatives . ! £'n§: th«.Pa?,ment of lnterest t0 the State of
come'JhlnKiNSVV' t1 th-0pe that a l'ue ' Nonobjection having been made,
come when opposition to this measure will cease. . The bill was introduced, and rekd a second time
by its title; and, on motion of Mr. PEASLEE, it
was referred to the Committee of Waysand Means.
The SPEAKER said, that the business first in
. , , rl - ' , order was the motion heretofore made by the fi-en-
and theie are gentlemen, ,n he other House.who | t,eman from 0hi [Mr. SchencKi] 0n Monday
i hi, yfnxvous °fu!d tobody , last <hat the rules su u u f \h yf
I hope, therefore, that the friends of the bill will . K 1
take it up and pass it
We have had full discussions upon the subject.
We had a test vote upon it the other day by yeas
and nays, when the Senate was unusually full.
It has been lost once or twice for want of time;
Mr. DAWSON. Here is the objection. A
motion was made the other day that this bill
should be read a third time, but it was objected to
by one of the leading members of the Senate, on
the ground that time was wanted for its consider-
ation.
Mr, DICKINSON". Oh, no; its third reading
was objected to merely because it was not en-
Mr. DAWSON. It was objected to, at any
rate. We are not now in a position to pass im- !
portant bills. There are but thirty-four or thirty- j
five out of sixty members present. And I think I
it would not be fair to take up and pass, at such a ]
time, such an important measure as this, which j
appropriates something: like six hundred thousand j
dollars now for an establishment which will cost j
fifty or sixty thousand dollars a year. We did ,
not come here at this time to act finally on any i
measure; and if the yeas and nays were called, I I
think it would be found that this bill would not -
receive a majority of the whole number of the '
Senate. * !
Mr. BERRIEN". I must confess that this is j
rather an irregular mode of proceeding. But I |
do not know that any member of the Senate !
wishes to discuss the question. There has been a 1
full expression of opinion on the subject. If no j
Senator desires to be heard on the subject, I do j
not perceive any objection to the third reading of j
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I voted against
the engrossment of this bili, for one reason. I
cannot see the necessity for a mint at places so ,
near to each other as New York and Philadelphia, i
We have had a very fair expression of opinion j
upon the subject; and I rise to express the hope 1
that, although I am opposed to the bill, it may not !
longer be delayed. i
Mr. DAWSON. Of course, I do not desire to ;
discuss the subject further, but 1 cannot tell what
others may desire. There are twenty-five mem- !
bers absent, and I think it would be unfair to j
them to take up th6 bill and pass it in their ab- ;
,sence. !
The motion to take up the bill was then agreed ,
to.
The bill entitled "An act to establish a branch of
; enabling him to submit a motion.
! [The motion referred to related to the adjoum-
l ment of the House to a certain time, now ex"j*rsd.]
| Mr. SCHENCK withdrew the motion to sus-
; pend the rules.
| THE APPROPRIATION BILLS,
Mr. SCHENCK then asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution, giving
i notice that, if objection was made, he should move
j a suspension of the rules, to enable him to mtro-
! duce it.
! The resolution was read for information, as fol-
I lows:
1 Resolve 1, That, inasmuch as the Committee of Ways
, and Means of this House has not yet reported the annual
' appropriation bill, ptoviding tor the civil and dipiooiauo
: expenses, ot the. Government, lor the nextfiseal sear which
will begin atter the tmmelhiiav ot the present month, but has
• netiierti d and (ailed lo present the saint fur more than fuur
1 months bejond the tune when, by ihe practice and rule of
, the Hou;-e. the tame should have been reported, the said
; committee' be now instructed and directed 10 report the
said bill, and such other general appropriation bills as have
not yet been brought in at this session, without further de
lay.
; The resolution having been read,
I Objection was made to its introduction.
; Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable him to offer the res-
olution.
Mr. BAYLY addressed the Speaker and was
! recognized—but
The SPEAKER said, no debate iainffrderon the
motion to suspend the rules. The question is on
: that motion.
The reading of the resolution was again called
- for.
The resolution having been again read,
: Mr. McMULLEN rose, he said, to make an
| inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
• who had offered the resolution.
i The speaker. No debate is now in order.
I Mr. McMullen, it is merely an inquiry.
| The speaker. No inquiries aie now in or-
i der.
| Mr. McMULLEN. Then I will put the ques-
| tion to the Chair. 1 desire to be informed at
j what time it has been usual heretofore for the
Committee of Way« and Means to report these
, bills r
Mr. SCHENCK, supposing Mr. McMullen
the Mint of the United States in the city of New , : asked when the rule required the committee to re-
. , . . . " . — ! !  ^! ..t.. ^1A  . An* M\a o i nt mon r at
York, and a branch mint and an assayer's office
at Sc\n Francisco, in Cal.fornia," was then read a !•
third time and passed. |i
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED. |J
Mr. BUTLER, submitted the following resolu- '!
tions, which were considered by unanimous con- \
sent, and adopted: , i
Resolved, That the Vice President be requested to com- ,'
muniCiUe to the Executive ot the State of south Carolina, ,
information of the death of the Hon. Franklin H. Elmore, 11
late a Senator from said State. s i
' Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay out of tile contingent fund to Mr«. haru< t C. Elmore,
widow of the late Franklin* H. Elmore, whatever sum may
be due his estate (or per diem ami mileage.
Mr. yulee submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Arrangements be au-
thorized to make suitable provision for the removal of the
remains of the Hon. Franklin H. Elmore to the place of
interment appointed by hisiamily.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
port, within thirty days' after the appointment of
the committee.
Mr. BAYLY was understood to say, I dispute
the correctness of that statement.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask that the rule requiring
these bills to be reported within a certain tirfie
may be read for the information of the House.
Mr. CROWELL inquired of the Speaker,
whether a motion for a call of the House would
be now in order?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CROWELL moved that there be a call of
the House; and the question, "Shall there be a call
of the House?" was taken and decided m the neg-
ative.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on ordering the
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
And the House ordered them.
|| Mr. SCHpNCK now repeated his request (bat
|! tjie 1^ rule might be read for tjie informatics of
|. the House. ' ' 5 *
;j The SPEAKER said, the rule might be read by
'' unanimous consent. ^ "
Objection was ma(Je.
Mr. SCHENCK. V.ery well, then, I will ask
ey^ry gentleman to read the rul.e'for himself.
The 79th rule is in the following words :
" It shnlfiilso be the}dy^yof the Committee of Waysand
Means, within thirty days after' their appointment, at every
session of Congress, commencing on' the'first Moftda/ of
December, to report the general appropriation bilfetor the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government, for the arjpy,
(or the navy, and (or the Indian Department, and Indian
annuities; or, in failure thereof, Uie reasons of such fail-
ure."—[Seamier 14, 1837.]
Mr. BAYLY. I appeal to the House for its
unanimous consent to enable me to make a state-
ment. It is due to myself that the statement,
should be made.
Mr. STANLY suggested that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] could make his state*
ment after the resolution should be before the
|j House.
' The SPEAKER inquired whether objection
j was made to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
j Bayly] making an explanationI
[ Mr. WENTWORTH rose and objected.
; Mr. PRESTON KING desired to be informed
| by the Speaker whether the resolution would nft
! be debatable if (he rules should be suspendedi
j Mr. STANLY. Yes; if the rules ar&, sus-
| pended.
i The SPEAKER said (replying to Mr. King)
i that the resolution, if received, would be open to
debate.
i The question was then again stated to be on
: the motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
' receiving the resolution.
Mr. INGE stated that he had paired off with
: Mr. Fowler, and should therefore decline to
1 vote.
i Mr. WALDO said that he had paired off with
1 his colleague, [Mr. Butler, of Connecticut,] and
should therefore decline to vote.
And the question, il Shall the rules be sus-
pended?" having been taken, the result was de*
i clared as follows—yeas 53, nays 69:
VEAS—Messrs. Allen, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Ben-
i nett, Breck, Bnggs, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Joseph P.
] Caldwell* Campbell, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Doty Duncan!,
' Fieedley, Gentry, Giddings, Goodenow, Hallovvay, Hamp-
' ton, Haymond, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Wiil.iam T. Jackson,
, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston
i King, Job Mann, Nelson, Otis, Pitman, Putnam, Risley,
; Rose. Rumsey, Schenck, Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Tay-
i lor. John B. Thompson, Thutman, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dvke, White, and VVinthrop—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Beale, Bing-
! ham. Btssell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Al-
bert G, Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, George A.
i Caldwell, Canter, Williamson R. W. Cobb, CoIcock, l>(a 
berry, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewmg, Featherston,
I Pitch, Fuller, Green, Haralson, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris1,
! Hihbard, Hoagla^d. Rolhday, Howard, Hubbard, Joseph W.
, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman,
1 Leffier, Marshall, MeClernand, Finis E. McLean, McMul-
! len, McQueen, MeWilhe, Miller, Morris, Outlaw, Owefl,
i Parker, Pea^lce, Pnelps, Potter, Powell, Robinson, Savagtf,
' j Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,
ji William Thompson, Walden. Wallace, Wellborn, Wenl-
j; worth, Williams, and Wood—69.
ji So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
!l^ution was not received.
ii
il CALIFORNIA.
jj Mr. McCLERNAND rose and (being recog-
j nized by the Chair) proceeded to say a few words,
of which, from his position, scarcely the purport
even could be heard by the reporter. Mr. M'Cm
however, seemed to be referring to the fact that
j; the debate on the California question had been
i limited to Tuesday of next week—to intimate
| that many members were anxious to be heard-T-
and, therefore, to suggest that the intervening time
between this day and Tuesday next, should bede-
voted to the exclusive consideration of that sub-
' ject in the Committee of the Whole ob the state
of the Union.
The suggestion seeming to meet with general
' acquiescence,
Mr, McCLERNAND moved that the House-
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question having been taken and decided
the affirmative without a division,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Botd, of
Kentucky, in the chair) and resumed J&e consider-
