18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
And on that motion Mr. H. demanded the yeas
and nays.
The Clerk said the question would be on order-
ing the yeas and nays on the motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Hall.]
Mr. SCHENCK moved, he said, that that sub-
ject be laid on the table.
And on that motion he asked the yeas and
nays.
He also moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. MEADE submitted that the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] was oat of
order, because the election of Speaker was the
regular business before the House, unless that busi-
ness were superseded by some other.
Mr. BAKER, amid great confusion, moved that
the House ad journ.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, on the other
side of the House, submitted a similar motion, re-
marking that he believed a motion to adjourn was
always in order.
The Clerk thereupon put the question on that
motion; and the motion having prevailed, the j
House, at a late hour, j
Adjourned. j
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, December 12, 1849.
Mr. SOULE, of Louisiana, appeared in his seat.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. FOOTE asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers of Joseph Radclilf;
which was granted.
Mr. COOPER asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the papers of John H.
Rogers.
Mr. HALE. I am reluctant to interpose any
objection to a motion of this kind; but it will be
remembered that there was, at the close of the last
session, a very long discussion on the subject of
withdrawing papers from the files, and permission
was actually refused to the Senator from Florida
upon application made by him to withdraw certain
papers. It was at that time determined that it
should not be done unless good reasons were as-
signed for such withdrawal. 1 have no doubt the
Senator from Pennsylvania has reasons for the
withdrawal in this case that are abundantly satis-
factory, but they should at least be assigned.
Mr. COOPER. I will state, for the information
ofjthe Senate, that no action was had upon these
papers, and the claimant had been informed that
the department has the power to determine the
case without calling upon Congress for aid.
It seems to me that this is a sufficient reason
why leave should be granted. If the department
has power to settle the claim, it will Save Congress
the trouble of doing it.
Mr. BUTLER. I haye no doubt there are
many applications of a similar kind to be made. I
have one myself. 1 desire to make a motion to
withdraw papers, but I have thought it best to
defer making it until the committees are appointed,
so that the papers when withdrawn may be referred
to the appropriate committee. The Senator from
New Hampshire is correct in what he said about
the determination that was arrived at last session
to require the reasons for withdrawing papers to be
assigned. The Senator from Massachusetts also
gave notice that he would introduce some motion
on the subject. Perhaps, therefore, it would be
advisable that motions of this kind should be with-
held until some rule shall be established in rela-
tion to the subject.
Mr. COOPER. The Senator from South Car-
olina did not understand the explanation which 1
gave. It was that the evidence was sufficient, as
the claimant believes, to induce the officers of the
proper department to settle the claim. It will not,
therefore, be necessary to refer the papers to a !
committee; and it is consequc illy not requisite to 1
defer the motion until the committees shall have '
been appointed. j
Mr. BUTLER. I certainly did not understand I
the honorable Senator; I have no opposition to !
offer to the motion. j
The CHAIR then put the question to the Sen- i
ate, and it was decided that leave be granted
After art interval of an hour, and ther£ being no ij
business before the Senate— i|
On motion, the Senate adjourned. |i
• HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 12, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap- j
proved.
M. COBB, of Alabama, rose and said, that he
noticed in this morning's Union, a statement in
relation to the votes for Speaker which he had
given during their efforts to organize the House,
which was calculated to do him injustice—whether
intentionally or not, was not for him to determine.
It was enough for him to say, that it did not con-
tain the truth, such as the record of the proceed-
ings of Congress ought to show. If any man of
his parly, or of any other party in this country,
expected to coerce him into the support of
measures beyond his sense of duty to his country,
he would utterly fail to accomplish his object.
Whether he had been consistent in his course
here, since the meeting of Congress, was for the
House and the country to determine when the
records were made up.
He asked that the article from the Union be t
read. !
" It depends upon Messrs Cobb of Alabama, Holmes of i
South Carolina, (who voted lor Mr. Brown on Monday, hut I
deserted him on yesterday.) and four of the Free-Soil Demo- j
crats, to decide whether the House of Representatives shall j
haw a Democratic Speaker, or not, to-day. Mr. Brown is i
admirably qualified to discharge the duties of the Chair." j
[Cries of c< Read on ! read on !"]
The Clerk. That is the whole of the article.
Mr. COBB continued. His object in presenting
himself before this body, was to place himself in
the attitude, before his constituents and the country,
which he properly merited. It was, he believed,
the first time in his life that he had been accused of
being a traitor. The appellation might apply to
others, but it was yet to be fixed upon the humble
individual who now addressed the House. This
article stated that he had voted for Mr. Brown on
Monday, and then deserted him. [Cries of " No,
rro; you're mistaken, Mr. Cobb."] He asked that
the article be read, to show whether it did not in-
clude him with Mr. Holmes. He appealed to
gentlemen if that would not be the natural infer-
ence from it. He had voted for Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, the nominee of the Democratic party,
until that gentleman came and asked him not to
vote for him any longer. He had then voted for
Mr. McDowell, and had so continued to vote; so
that all his votes had been divided between Messrs. '
Cobb and McDowell. He had yet to learn from
the records that his vote, if it had heen cast in any
other way, at any time, would have elected a
Speaker. He had declared privately, as he now
declared publicly, that he never would be found to
stand in the way of an organization of the House.
[Cries of u Good,'* from the Democratic side ] Let
them bring up a candidate, on either side, who
would command a sufficient number of .votes to be
elected,an'd he should reserve to himself the course
he would then pursue, as he reserved to himself
his own course upon all other occasions.
Mr. WiLMOT said he desired to express hia
grateful acknowledgments to those friends who
had given him their suffrages for the office of
Speaker of that House. In justice to his own feel-
ings, he felt called upon to say, that he felt more
honored by the confidence implied by their sup-
port, inconsiderable as it was in point of numbers,
than he should have been by an election to that
chair. Both of the prominent candidates have re-
tired from the contest. In view of this fact, he
did not feel justified in standing longer as a candi-
date. He trusted that his friends would.approve
of the propriety of the course he was about to
adapt. He hoped that his friends would cease to
cast their votes for him, and seek some abler man
upon whom to bestow their suffrages, and who
would stand some reasonable chance of success.
Fie concurred in the excellent sentiments ex-
pressed by the gentleman who declined last even-
ing, [Mr. Winthrop,] as to the importance of an
early organization of the House; and was unwill-
ing to stand in a position that might delay so de-
sirable a result. He would not feel entirely justified
in maintaining his present attitude as a candidate,
after the principal object, ifnottheonly one, which
induced his friends to piace him in that position,
had been attained. For him to maintain longer
the position of a candidate, might subject both
himself and his friends to the charge of disorgan-
ization, and a desire to prolong the existing state
of thmgs. He trusted, therefere, that his friends
would approve of his judgment, in requesting that
they should bestow their votes upon some one
more competent and worthy than himself.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the House pro-
ceeded to vote for Speaker, viva voce.
Messrs. Hilliard of Alabama, Strong of Penn-
sylvania, Duer of New York, and Miller of '
Ohio, resumed their seats at the Clerk's table as
tellers to count the votes. *
The roll was then called the fortieth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 226; necessary to a choice 114; of
which—
Mr. William J Brown received........112
M r. Duer   26
Mr. Ssanly . 18
Mr. Morehead     IT
Mr. Winthrop... 1?
Mr. McGaughey   13
Mr. Horace Mann    5
Mr. Julian    3
Mr. Boyd   3
Mr. Vinton    2
Mr. Chandler  2
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens   2
Mr. Rockwell.    1
Mr. Outlaw  1
Mr. Conrad  1
Mr. Bowdon   1
Mr. Holmes   1
Mr. Daniel P. King.   1
226
The following is the vote in detail;
For- William J. Brown—Messrs. A'bfrfson, Alien,
Ashe, Ave.rott, B.tv, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Booth,
Bowdon, Bow in, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Bue}, Burt, Jo-
seph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Canter, Cleveland, H.
Cobb, Colcock, Daiue!, Dnnmick, Disney, Dory, Dunlinm,
Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing, Fe<>therstoo, Fitch, Fuller,
Gerry, Gidthngs, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall,
Hamilton, Hammond, H ralson, Ilaran, Harmanso.i, Isham
G, Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibhard,
Hoagland, Ho laday, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew John-
son," Robert VV. Johnson, Kaufman, Preston King, La ?e-e,
l.emer, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowel', McLanahan, Robert M. MeLine, Mc-
Mullen, McQueen, McWi'he, Meade, Miller, Millson, Mor-
ris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelie, Frederick P. s'tanton, Riehird H. Stmton,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomis, Jacob 'Jhompson,
James Thompson, William Thompson, Venalie, W Jrien,
Waldo, Wellborn, We itworth, Whittlesey, Wiidnek,
W lmot, Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For William Duer—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Bokee,
Brings, Burrows. Clarke, Conrad, Gott, Gould, Grmnell,
Jackson, John A. Kin?, H. Mann, Matteson, Morehead,
Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rurosey, Schermerhora,
SchoolcMlt, Silvester, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, and Un-
derbill.
For Edward Stanly—Messrs Anderson, Ashmun, Bowie,
Deberry, Alexander Evans, Houston, Kerr, Marshall, Me-
Griughey, Nes, Oslo, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Shepperd, Thur-
man, Vinton, and Winthrop.
For Charles S. Morehead—Messrs. Alston, Baker, Breek,
Chester Butler, E.G. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell,Hampton,
Havmond, Hilliard, James L. Johnson, McKissock, Finis
E. McLean, Morton, Owen, Alexander H. Stephens, Joha
B. Thompson, and Toombs.
For Robert C. Winthrop—Messrs. Brooks, Conger, Dixon,
Haj', IK hard, George G King, James G. King, Meaeham,
Nelson, Newell, Phoenix, Spauldmg, Sprague, Van Dyke,
Watkms, White, and Williams.
For Edward W. McGaughey—Messrs. Andrews, Thomas
B. Butler, Campbell, Casey, Duncan, Nathan Evans, Fow-
ler, Freedley, Hailoway, Henry, Daniel P. King, Moore,
and Sackett.
For Horace Mann—Messrs. Cole, Crowell, Hunter, Put-
nam, and Wilson.
Fur Linn Bond—Messrs. Bocock, Seddon, and Wallace.
For George W. Julian—Messrs. Howe, Root, and Tuck.
For Samuel F. Vinton—Messrs. Corwin and Sehenck.
For Joseph, R Chandler—Messrs. Goodenow and Reed.
For Thaddeus Stevens—Mes>rs. Calvin and Dickey.
For Julius Rockivell—Mr. Chandler.
For D-ivid Ouflat"—Mr. Clingtnan.
For Charles M Conrad—Mr. Duer.
For Franklin W. Boudon—VIr. Holmes.
For Laac E II times—Mr. Levin.
For Daniel P. Kin*—Mr. Stanly.
No choice.
Mr. STANLY rose and said that he begged
leave to offer for the consideration of the Hou?e
the resolution which he would send to the Clerk's
table.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the members of the Democratic party be
requested to appoint three members to confer with three
members of the. Win? party, relative to the choice of proper
officers of the House of Representatives.
Mr. STANLY said he was tired of this long-
continued struggle. He believed every gentleman
in this House was tired of it. The resolution
