1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
which he had offered was not one of his own sug-
gesting. The suggestion had'been made to him
by a Democrat, a gentleman of character and pa-
trioti*. feelingR, who desired to see a stop put to the
present state of things—by one who desired to see,
as he (Mr. S.) desired to see, the House of Repre-
sentatives organized, and who had determined, as
far as he could, as he (Mr. S.) had determined,
that it should be organized. As to any talk of
disorganization, the thing was merely ridiculous—
he spoke it with all'due respect to the other side of
the House. There was no danger of that. This
Government was not coming to an end yet, no
matter what gentlemen might say about Free Soil-
ism, Wilmot Provisoism, and all such tomfoolery.
There was no danger of that. The Union could
tiot be dissolved while Henry Clay and Thomas
H. Bentom were in the Senate, or while old Rough
and Ready was at the other end of the Avenue.
But he wanted to put a stop to the present state
of things, and have somebody to preside over the
House of Representatives who was competent (to
say nothing of what he thought of the gentleman
who had just received a sufficient number within
two votes to elect him) to preside over the House of
Representatives, who was acceptable to the Demo-
cratic party. Their present candidate was not ac-
ceptable bya considerable number, asthe last result
showed. There was something wrong; some-
thing " rotten in Denmark" He looked upon his
own side of the House without blushing; he ,
blushed when he looked at the other side. He I
desired to say nothing at all rash, or approaching |
rashness. He had had the honor to be a member
of the last Legislature of North Carolina, of which
one of his honorable colleagues on the other side
of the House was also a member. They had had
the fortune, as it turned out, to tie in both
branches; and for more than a week were in a
disorganized state. They passed resolutions of
the character he had sent to the chair; they met
and consulted together; and the result was that
the Democratic party selected the Speaker of the
Senate, and the Whig party selected the Speaker
of the House of Commons, and the other officers
were divided among them, as they ought to be,
without any quarreling or particular fuss; and the
result was, that Ihe Legislature was more free from
a party character than it had ever been since 1829;
and that more measures were adopted for the gen-
eral good—for the benefit of the people of the
whole State—and more internal improvements set
afloat, than had been by any Legislature for twen-
ty years. It was improper, however, further to
detain the House by reference to the legislation
of North Carolina. 'He wanted, if the Democratic
members of this House ehose a Speaker, they
should take a gentleman entirely satisfactory to
them. If they thought the Whig party were not
entitled to the Speaker, let them choose one accus-
tomed to preside over deliberative bodies—who was
familiar with the rules, and acceptable to the great
body of the party—without electioneering, with-
out any of that little trickery which was resorted
to in times of high excitement, when they were
hard run, and were pressing on, as they supposed,
to victory. He had too much regard for them to
see them place themselves in that position.
Any gentleman (continued Mr. S.) was very
much mistaken, who supposed he would be upon
a bed of rftsfs up there, (pointing to the chair.)
For him, a little over a dozen votes had been cast,
for which he was profoundly grateful; but he
becked gentlemen to forbe&r further to vote foi
him" He was not fit to preside over this body.
Like the late venerable gentleman from Maesa-
chusetts, who was no longer among us, (he wished
he were now here,) he (Mr. S.) was a great lover
of peace !n the abstract, but sometimes shared in
disorder in practice. He did not aspire to the
chair. He wanted an older, an abler hand placed
there; and he would venture to say he would see a
great trouble to keep order, before four months of ,
the session had passed.
Mr B^YLY. The remarks of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanlt] demand a re-
sponse from this aide of the House. He has re-
ferrpd to the condition in which we find ourselves
 unable to organize and transact the business ol
the nation. He says that the condition of things
existing in this House (which is but a type of the
condition of things in the country) gives him no
alarm as long as Clay and Benton are m thebenate,
and "old Rough and Ready," as he seema to
prefer to designate the Chief Magistrate of the
nation, is at the other end of the Avenue. As long
as such is the case, he tells as, the Union is safe.
Mr. STANLY. I did not say that the condition
of things in the country gave me no alarm.
Mr. BAYLY. I did not impute the remark,
that what existed in this House was a type of
what existed in the country, to the gentleman.
That was my own comment, by parenthesis, and
not a quota^on of the gentleman. I repfeat, that
the division and distraction of parties which exist
in this House is but a type of what exists in the
. . A .. j ' L. - /--I.-A *4- T3 \
country at large*. And who (asked Mr. B ) is re-
sponsible for this? Sir, if I had been asked, in
advance, to imagine a course of action upon the
part of one of the great parties of this country,
which would inevitably have led to such a con-
dition of things, I would have said there exists an
absorbing and exciting question of public policy
overriding all others, and sectional in its character.
Let one of the great parties run a candidate for
the Presidency occupying a doubtful position in
reference to it; let him allow himself to be sup-
ported in each section upon the ground that his
views harmonized with theirs; allow himself, for
; instance, to be supported at the North upon the
I ground that he was in favor of anti-slavery re-
i strictions by Congress, and at the South as the
■ only hope to shield it from them; allow himseif to
i be elected by the votes of electors with diverse
| opinions of his views and diverse expectations of
i; hU action;—let him thus be elected; let him keep
!' up this state of uncertainty as to his opinions, and
1 a Congress elected in this state of uncertainty;—
/ lei all this happen, and tell me, sir, if any man
i could anticipate a different posture of affairs than
I the precise one in which we find ourselves. The
bitter fruit which we are tasting is the legitimate
product of the tree which the gentleman's party
has planted and fostered. I (said Mr. B.) am
! not taken by surprise. I predicted in advance that
4the course which the gentleman's party thought
fit to pursue would lead to the precise result which
we have before us. No one laments it more than
I do; but the Democratic party certainly are not :
responsible. , , , :
But it was not to reply to this portion of the !
gentleman's remarks that I claimed your attention. '
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stan-
ly] has said that he can look to his side of the
House without shame; but that when he looked ,
to this, he blushed; that there was something j
" rotten in Denmark." Thegentleman has thus,m ;
. his place, by this insinuation, given form and im- j
portance to an imputation which this morning has ,
: been in whispers circulated through this Hall, j
He insinuates that something improper has taken (
place between the Democratic party and the Free- i
Soilers, as they are called. Sir, it is such an m- j
sinuation as the gentleman ought not to make <
Ho-htly, or to which we ought in silence to submit, i
I flatter myself (said Mr. B.) that the gentlemen j
on this side of the House would be as little likely i
as any others to enter into any arrangement with i
the party referred to. I am rejoiced, however, ,
that the gentleman has made the remarks he did. t
It enables us to brand the rumor, in the outset, as
it deserves. It is hardly, necessary for me to say |
that it has no foundation in truth. 1
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the gentleman from!
Virginia allow me to put a question to him ? !
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. ASHMUN. Has not a correspondence
taken'place between the member from Indiana
(Mr. Brown] and some member of the Free-boil
, party, in which he has pledged himself to consti-
tute the committees in a manner satisfactory to
thMr. BAYLY. I know of no such correspond-
ence. Is the gentleman authorized to say that
there has been such a one? If so, what is his
authority?
Mr. ASHMUN. Common rumor.
Mr. BAYLY. And does not the •gentleman
, know that common rumor is a common liar.
! Turning to Mr. Brown, he said, " Has any such
correspondence taken place ?"
Mr. BROWN shook his head.
Mr. BAYLY continued. I am authorized to say
i that no such correspondence has taken place.
D"es the gentleman infer that there has been an
understanding between this side of the House ar.a
the Free-Soilers from the fact that some of them
have voted with us? If so, what can be wore
unfair? The House is in a condition ift which it is
impossible for it to be organized, unless they vote
with one of the great parties composing it. Great
complaint has been made throughout this country,
and justly, that we did not organize; thus imply-
ing that they ought to vote with one or the other
of the great parties. Suppose they had offered to
vote with thegentleman, would he have spurned
their support? Or would he have considered that
it would have been quite right in us> in such a con-
tingency, to have imputed an improper combina-
tion to them ? The gentlemen referred to have
their own views to carry out, and they most prob-
ably will take their own (yjurse in doing it. And
that a portion, and a portion only, of them have
voted with us—which they have all along shown
such an unwillingness to do, and when they do it
now under what appears a necessity—certainly
does not contaminate us or our candidate for the
Speakership. We must be judged of by the char-
acter of the great body of our party, and not of
those who are accidentally thrown wilh us.
Mr. ROOT said he never felt called upon to
make remarks to this House on aecpunt of re-
marks which had been made by anybody else,
and nothing which h'ad fallen from the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly], or from the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Ba^ly], had in-
duced him now to rise. He intended to speak to
the resolution of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina. That resolution contemplated the Whig
party and the Democratic party—those who were
in full communion with either of those parties,
and nobody else, as having some rights here.
I Now he had, and he trusted he should enjoy, the
■ same rights on this, floor as any other representa-
j tive of a free people enjoyed. He should claim
1 them, and he should be an ugly customer if they
; were denied. He did not pretend t<f speak for
' either of these parties, but he protested against
the kind of bargain and saie contemplated by the
resolution, which would transfer to them, and
to them alone, the right of organizing this House.
If they had the numerical strength, they could do
it; but he protested against any written or parol
bargain or contract by which these parties, or
either of them, was to-organize this House, to
the exclusion of all others. He represented
neither of them. He supposed he would be
deemed a representative of what the gentleman,
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly], in most
respectful language, had seen fit to characterize as
Wilmot provisoism, and " tomfoolery of that
kind." He had no doubt the gentleman had
spoken the feelings of his heart, when he had
spoken in that manner; but let him tell that gen-
tlemen, whether his political associates saw fit to
tell him so or not, he ventured to say that nine
out of ten of those representing the Whig party
from the North would not, and the others dare
not when brought before their constituents, say
that the Wilmot proviso was a humbug and tom-
foolery, Let them do so, and you could find_ in
his (Mr. R.'s) section of the country political
graves as thickly spread as the graves of the vic-
tims of the cholera in those villages over which
that pestilence had swept—whose fie.ds would be
so full of graves as to make them look like stone
quarries, where there would not be turf enough for
a man to wipe his feet on. It was a deap-seated,
immovable sentiment, fixed in the hearts of the
northern people. They talked not of disunion, or
anything of that kind; but that sentiment they
intended should be represented here. They ex-
pected that their representatives should stand up
and speak out on all proper occasions; and he
hoped that no man designed to speak on this, r
any other subject, except upon proper
What was this resolution designed for? why? to
carry out the policy of both of these parties.
! Whit was the policy of the Administration party?
I and what was the policy of the Democratic party,
j as represented by the   sole organ.- fo dodge
; the Wilmot proviso. .
! Mr R yielded for explanation— *
i Mr BAYLY. I think it due to myself and the
House to say. that since I was last up i have had
i „ conversation with the gentleman form Indiana,
' TMr Brows ] I was mistaken in saying that no
1 correspondence had taken place between him and
I the Free-Sotlers. A correspondence has taken
nlaee, but in it he assures me that he had refused
fo pledge himself, and had said no more than that
in forming the commute**, t'.e would plaee th?
