20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
members of that party in such positions as their
standing in the House and the country would seem
to him to make proper. But the correspondence
will be produced, and it will sneak for itself.
Mr. STANLY (Mr. Root further yielding) said
the gentleman from Ohio complained that his party
was not recognized in the resolution. If he had
understood the gentleman from Ohio, a few days
since, he'had said, in reply to one of his [Mr.
Stanly's] colleagues, [Mr. Ven'able,] that it was
the business of the two great parties to organize;
and he really thought he was following out the
gentleman's own suggestion in offering this reso-
lution.
Mr. ROOT (resuming) said the gentleman was
mistaken as to one fact—unintentionally, no doubt.
The gentleman said that he (Mr. R.) had com-
plained that every other Representative than those
in full communion with one or the other of the two
great parties had been excluded from participation
in the arrangement. He (Mr. R ) hoped, so
long as God spared his senses, that he never should
be represented in any such arrangement. He in-
tended never to be. It was a kind of arrangement
in which he did not wish to participate; if it was
to be consummated, he hoped it would be in such
a way as to preclude the idea that he had had any-
thing to do with it.
Now, as to his having said the other day that it
was the business of the two great parties to organ-
ize the House, the gentleman was mistaken; he
had drawn a wrong inference. He had said at
that time, that if there was anything ridiculous in
the scene to which he was referring at that time, it
was the fact that some two hundred aud twenty
members complained of being obstructed in the
organization of the House by some eight others;
and that he thought, if they were so exceedingly
desirous to have an organization of the House, as
they professed, it would be an easier matter for
two hundred and twenty members to accomplish
it than for eight; that if they could only find,
among two hundred and twenty Representatives
on this floor, one hundred and fifteen patriotic,
self-denying, high-minded gentlemen who would
unite to accomplish the common object which they
professed to hold so near their hearts, why, they
could have an organization at any time. That was
the substance of what he had then said.
[Mr. Root pausing for a moment, several gen-
tlemen sprang to their feet, crying "Mr. Clerk."]
I have not done yet, (said Mr."R.) We have
not the hour rule now.
Now, (he continued,) he would like to Icnow'if
these two great parties were brought into such a
terrible predicament that they could not organize
the House without cutting off some of those who
happened to differ with them and depriving them
of theif rights ? He did not know how the hon-
orable gentleman fiom Massachusetts, who had
been supported by one of the parties as candidate
for Speaker, felt; he" did not know but he would
be willing to submit his claims to the chair to a
committee composed of three Whigs and three
Democrat?, nor was it a matter of great import-
ance to him how the gentleman felt. But it was
ns great an outrage upon him, (Mr. R.,) if they
deprived him alone of the right to speak, vote, and
act upon this question, as it would be to cutoff
forty, or eighty, or one hundred and twelve from
the same right. They had no right to do it; and
if they wanted to preserve their character—if they
wished to preserve the character of honorable,
high-minded Representatives, in his opinion they
must say, that in exercising their own rights, they
would not deprive the humblest member on this
floor of his. Why, how magnanimous it would
look ! When they came to moke up their jewels,
when they came to string up their Whigs and to
siring up their Democrats, what were they going
to do with such gentlemen, as come from Georgia,
and soraS from New Fork and Ohio ? What was
going to be the test? Were they, for Whigs, to
have those who, in the chaste and classic lan-
guage of the gentleman from North Carolina,
chose to style themselves " original Rough and ,
Ready" men r Why, he should think, from what j
he had seen, that some of the originals had got
tired of it already. Would they admit some of
them who bolted at the Philadelphia Convention,
but came in soon after? Would they admit those
who had come in since >—those who did not vote
at all ?—or those who had voted for Mr. Vail Bu-
ren, provided they had repented since? They
would want all these men, and more, when they
came to elect a Speaker, in his humble opinion.
The resolution was not specific enough, it
ought to be like a special plea, certain to every in-
tent and particular; they must go on and tell what
kind of Whigs were good enough to come in, and
just so with the Democracy; he thought they
would havejustasmuch trouble in fixing their test.
[Several gentlemen here rose, supposing Mr.
Root hftd concluded, and addressed thp Clerk.]
Oh, no! (said Mr. R.,) he had not done yet. [A
laugh.] It was not often that the Free-Soil party
had the opportunity of being heard, and if this
resolution took effect, they were done," as far as
any influence in the organization of the House was
concerned. He did not, however, believe they
were going to use up the principles on which they
stood. He cared nothing for the party organiza-
tion in itself; it was the Free-Soil principles for
which he went, and he meant to stand up and vin-
dicate them whenever occasion required it.
He warned his friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Stani.y] that he was placing some of his political
assaciates in a very peculiar situation, when he
talked about the Wilmot proviso being " tom-
foolery."
Mr. BOKEE, (in his seat.) Let them tell of it.
Mr. ROOT replied, Well, he supposed they
would. He did not call upon gentlemen to an-
swer; and they would save themselves some breath
and trouble by withholding their answers until
they were called for.
He hoped, as he had before remarked, that the pe-
culiar exigency of the day and this case would not
drive gentlemen to do anything of which they
would repent hereafter. He did not feel that the
remarks which had been made in relation to some-
thing being " rotten in Denmark" affected him at
all. He did not belong to Denmark—not even to
the figurative Pickwickian Denmark which had
been spoken of. But the gentleman from North
Carolina thought there was something rotten in
Denmark. They would all be wiser hereafter.
He knew nothing about the inducements which
had been held out for gentlemen to vote one way
or the other. Pledges would not be very strong
inducements for him. The best guarantee that he
could have would be the good character and known
principles of the candidate. He thought pledges
coming from a man that could not be trusted with-
out them, might well be distrusted themselves.
It might admit of doubt wko would turn out to
be the " tomfools" in the end. There is said to
be one kind of fish that will bite best at a bare
hook. Do you know, sir, what fish that is' I
will tell you in confidence: It is the gudgeon; but
whether there are any gudgeons in this Hall, and
who they are, I leave for time to tell.
The peculiar state of things in this body at this
particular time, may, perhaps, be somewhat illus-
trated by an anecdote which I have heard of one
of my countrymen, a member of the universal
Yankee nation. He was traveling on a steamboat
on the Ohio river, and having made the acquaint-
ance of a fellow-passenger from the lower country,
they got up a friendly game of" poker," by way
of killing time. After playing for a while, the
Mississippian, in a tone of vexation, exclaimed:
" I should really like to know what has become
of all the aces. _ I haven't seen one for half an
hour." To which the Yankee replied: "Now
would you, rah; ? Wal, one on 'em's in your cut
sleeve, and 'tother three are in my bv.lt." 1 don't
know that any gentleman here has anything in his
coat sleeve, but I do know several gentlemen who
wear boots with very long legs to them. If gen-
tlemen should remember this anecdote a week,
they may then be able to understand its true appli-
cation. One thing it does prove, that thfj Yankees,
instead ofbeing the sly, reserved people that some
evil-disposed people have represented them to be,
nre the frankest fellows on  arth; and however
anxious they may sometimes appear to acquire in-
formation, t'npy are always willing to imoai-t it.
Mr. BURT rose and addressed the Clerk, and
was recognized by him.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, rose at the same mo-
ment, and also addressed the Clerk.
Mr. -B0RT said, he supposed that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Brown] desired to sneak
to the same point to which he (Mr B.) had him-
self risen. If so, he would most cheerfully yield
the floor to the gentleman, and would be extremely
glad to hear him.
The floor having been yielded accordingly—
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said that Gen Tay-
lor, at the time he was a candidate for the office
of President of the United States, had repeatedly
declared, that if be was elected to that station, he
would be the President of the who'e country, and
not the President of a party. He (Mr. B.) had
come on to Washington city, never for a moment
dreaming of being a candidate for the Speaker-
ship of this House. His health was feeble.
There were older and abler men, of his own po-
litical party, gentlemen who were well versed in
parliamentary law, more competent than himself
to preside over the deliberations of this body.
He had no experience in such matters. He had
never made them his study. He had attended the
Democratic caucus, and had aided in the nomina-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.]
for whom the Democratic party in this House had
voted several long days. When the suggestion
had been made to him, (Mr. B.,) that he, occu-
pying middle ground, and coming from a free
,, State, would, in ali probability, be able to concen-
!; trate as great a number of votes as any otlier in-
j, dividual on the Democratic side of ihe House,
he had received the suggestion with perfctt as-
i' tonishment. He had no wishes—he had no de-
ji sires looking to such an object; nor had he now the
I! vanity to suppose that if the political party to which
! he belonged had a marked, a decided majority in
\| this House, he should have been selected as their
candidate for the Speakership. It was further
suggested to him, that during the recent excite-
ment which had existed upon the question of
slavery, he had not been a member of Congress.
11 He had not voted upon any of the questions grow-
|j ing out of that subject. He had been a member of
j, the preceding (the twenty-ninth) Congress, when
i the Texas question had been under consideration.
I Upon that question he had spoken and voted in
this Hall. His votes stood upon the record. His
friends from the South and from the North under-
, stood the position he had occupied on that ques-
| don. Since then, he had repeatedly declared (not
,, being in a position to give any vote) that, whilst
j; he did not entertain a doubt that the great body of
j the people of the North—both Whigs and Demo-
ii crats—were opposed to the extension of slavery,
,, yet that he deemed the introduction of that propo-
sition as unnecessary and as unfortunate. At that
time the country was engaged in the prosecution
i of a foreign war, and the introduction of the sub-
, ject into the political contests of the day produced
j a state of excitement and ill-feeling between the
! North and the South, which he thought it was the
j duty of every patriotic mind to depreca'e. When
| the time arrived for the organization of this House,
j it was found that their friends—for he would not
give them the appellation applied to them by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly]—
those who would not join the organization of either
of the two great political parties at the last presi-
i dential election, held the balance of power here,
i and that without their votes it would be impossi-
, ble to elect a presiding officer.
In this state of the case, he first received a letter
from the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr, Hub-
bard.] That gentleman propounded certain ques-
tions. He (Mr. B.) d:d not answer that letier,
j but took to him the record which showed his votes,
I and speech he had delivered, giving his vews in
| relation to the slavery question, on the annexation
| of Texas. He was not then, and did not desire to
be considered, in the attitude of a candidate for the
j office of Speaker. After he had received fifty.
: three votes for that office, he had been given to
j, understand that these gentlemen—with one of
!i whom, the gentleman from Penn^vivania, [Mr.
: Wilmot,] he had been long uc-iuAinie'd, a'ni the
j gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ki.vr;,] with
whom he had served in a former Congress, and
i who, he believed, had generally voted with him,
| for they were on the Democratic side of the House
; —desired a conference wi'h Ivm.
; That conferenos took place; and, in the course
; of it, he found that the objection wh ch they had
I against voting for him ns Speaker—the great ob-
[ jection which had impressed itself on their minds
| was, that he was selected as the favorite of the
i South—tha'the gentleman from North Carolina,
j in his eye, [Mr. Venable,] had said that he was
i pledged not to vote for any Wilmot proviso man
| for Speaker, and that he would turn round and
I vote for him. Now, these gentlemen had asked him
