22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
from Indiana, [Mr. Brown,] if the House would
listen to the reading of it, would disclose, substan-
tially, the purport of his (Mr. W.'s) inquiry.
Mr. BROWN resumed the floor.
The Clerk made an effort to restore order in
the Hall.
Mr. BROWN." I will read the letter, and then
make a brief explanation.
Mr. B. read the letter, which is in the following
words:
Washington City, 10 December, 1849.
Dear Sir: In answer to yours of this date, I
will state that, should I be elected Speaker of the
House of Representatives, I will constitute the
Committees on the District of Columbia, on Ter-
ritories, and on the Judiciary, in such manner as
shall be satisfactory to yourself and your friends.
I am a Representative from a free State, and have
always heen opposed to the extension of slavery,
and believe that the Federal Government should
be relieved from the responsibility of slavery,
where they have the constitutional power to
abolish it. 1 am yours truly,
W.J. BROWN.
Hon. David Wilmot.*
The letter having been read—
Mr. BROWN proceeded to say: Now, I desire
to say, that in the conversation which I had with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
Mr. FOWLER interposed to request that the
letter might be again read, as he had not been able
to hear it.
Mr. BROWN said he had read the letter once.
He desired to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. STANLY inquired what was the date of
the letter?
The reading of the letter by the Clerk was now
called for, and it was read by him from the desk.
Mr. BROWN proceeded to speak.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, asked him to
yield the floor for a moment.
Mr. BROWN declined.
(Some time was spent in efforts to restore
order.)
Mr, BROWN then said that he would detain
the House but a very few minutes longer. It was
proper to say that he thought that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] had been ex-
tremely fair and hbeial m his course of conduct.
It was also due to himself (Mr. B ) to say, that,
for one, he could not consent that the committees
of this House should be so constituted as to favor
one section of country at the expense or to the
detriment of another, or so that the voice of any
portion of the people, on any great question,
should be stilled. Let that question, in all its
aspects, be brought to the light, and let the whole
of the people's representatives act and decide upon
it. He had stated, in the conversation, that there
was a*grave constitutional question pending. Mr.
Van Buren had expressed his belief that Congress
had the power to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia; but he had also said that, if a bill
having that object in view should be passed, he
should feel himself compelled to veto it. He
(Mr. B ) desired to see placed upon these com-
mittees the ablest lawyers of the South, so that
the subject might be fully and fairly investigated.
He was no sectional man? and, as God was his
judge, if he had been chosen Speaker of this
House, he would have constituted the commit-
tees in such a manner as to give satisfaction both
to. the North and the South. He would have
upon these committees the ablest men, both from
the North and the South.
Mr. B. here paused, and expressed the hope
that the House would come to order.
After a brief space he proceeded:
He would now take occasion to tender to his
friends in this House his earnest and sincere
thanks for the manner in which he had been sus-
tained, and for the very flattering vote which he
had received. He desired, further, to say, that
he wished to withdraw his name.
  * December 10, 1849.
Dear Sir: fn the conversation which I had with you
this evening, you were five to say, that if elected Speaker
of the Hou^e of Rpprosentativpp, you would constitute th<*
Committees on Territory, the Judiciary, and the District of
Columbia, in a manner that should be satisfactory to myself
and the friend* with whom I have had the honor to act. I
have communicated this to my friends; and if, in i# p! • to
this note, you can give them the same assurance, they wiiJ
give ymi a cheerful and cordial support.
Respectfully yours, T>. VVILMOT.
Hon. Wm. J. Brown.
[Some clapping of hands, and other marks of
satisfaction J
Mr. BROWN, (continuing.) Theremay be some
clapping yet on the other side of the House. There
will be some clapping yet on the other side of the
House before we have done. They are not exactly
out of the woods yet. I would scorn to occupy that
chair under circumstances in which my action is
liable to misrepresentation. I have always opposed
theagitation of this question. I look upon slavery
as one of the compromises of the Constitution;
and while there is one drop of blood in my veins
I will stand by that institution, and sustain it, as
guarantied to the South by the Constitution of the
United Slates. And I am gratified that I have it
in my power to say, that I represent, in part, a
State which will do the same thing. With these
remarks i shall yield the floor, remarking only that
I hope my friends will look round and unite upon
some other gentleman who may meet their desires,
and upon whom they can concentrate their votes.
Mr BURT, who had yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Indiana, now resumed it.
He said that he was one of the Representatives
from the southern States who had given his vote,
with some mistrust, and with great reluctance, to
the gentleman who had just taken his seat, [Mr.
Brown.] After that gentleman had become some-
what a candidate for the Speakership, much in-
quiry and solicitude were manifested as to what
the opinions of that gentleman were upon certain
subjects. He (Mr. B.) had been spoken 'to in
that connection, and had communicated with some
of his southern friends. He had said to some of
them, that inasmuch as the gentleman had heen
made the prominent candidate by receiving a very
large vote on that side of the House, he, (Mr.
B.,) as an honorable man, could ask no pledges
from him, and would not; and that the gen-
tleman from Indiana, if he was an honorable
man, would not give any pledges; therefore, he
(Mr. B.) could get no information in that way.
But it was due to himself and to his southern
friends to say that they had understood the gentle-
man as standing where the resolution relating to
Texas had placed him, not that he was a southern
man, but, most distinctly that he was not a Wil-
mot proviso man—that he occupied the position of
certain gentlemen on both sides of the House upon
that question—and, therefore, that he was a fair
man, not committed to the South, and not com-
mitted to the North. These considerations had
induced him (Mr. B ) and many of his southern
friends to vote for the gentleman from Indiana.
And he hegged his honorable friend from Virginia
—from the Accomac district—who had mote mi-
nute information on the subject than he (Mr. B.)
possessed, to rise up now and state what commu-
nications had been made to him. He referred to
Mr. Bayly.
[Cries on both sides of the House, " Hear Bay-
ly—hear him.n]
Mr. BAYLY. I take pleasure in responding to
the inquiries of my friend from South Carohna,
[Mr. Burt.] Tt was known that I had served in
the Twenty-eighth Congress with the member from
Indiana, [Mr. Brown,] and when he began to be
spoken of as Speaker, frequent inquiries were
made of me as to his opinions and votes on the
slavery question. Among others, such inquiries
were made of me by my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Wellborn.] I told him that no one could have
taken a more unexceptionable course. When a
gentleman from Massachusetts [the late Speaker
of this House, Mr. Winthrop] had, in 1845,
moved an amendment to the Oregon bill containing
the principles of the Wilmot proviso, the member
from Indiana [Mr. Brown] voted against it; and
that, upon all other occasions, as far as I knew, he
had voted with the southern Democracy upon all
questions touching the subject of slavery. 1 as-
sured him that no one could present a fairer record.
In addition Jo this, I also informed him that f knew
the member while he was in office, and I thoughtl
knew his sentiments well; and that I would pledge
myself he was opposed to theagitation of the sub-
ject of Slavery and the Wilmot proviso in every
form and shape in which it could be presented.
He [Mr. Wellborn] suggested to me to have a
conversation with the member. T did so. I told
him of the pledge I had made for him. He assured
me I was perfectly safe in doing so. This remark
I repeated to many gentlemen besides my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Wellborn.]
Having said thus much in response to my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] I feel it clue
to say a word or two in reference to myself. Sir,
had I known of the existence and character of the
correspondence which has just been read, and of
the interviews preceding it, no earthly considera-
tion would have induced me to vote as i did.
And I am quite sure that such would have been
the feeling of the great mass of the members on
this side of the House.
When the gentleman from North/ Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Ashmun] made their remarks, I was
highly indignant, as the House saw at the time. I
thought their insinuations most unfounded and
illiberal. But I rejoice now that they were made,,
and I thank them for them. They have led to a
disclosure to which the country was entitled; and
it has been made in time, thank God, to save u&
from a load of obloquy.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, (Mr. Burt fur-
ther yielding,) said he was one of those who had
reluctantly voted for the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Brown,] upon three several votings.
He had done so, being deceived by the assurances
of that gentleman, made to southern gentlemen
upon this floor, as to the position which that gen-
tleman occupied. He felt it due to himself and
to the constituency which he had the honor to
represent upon this floor, to ask of this House
(what he had no hope they would grant) for leaver
to change his vote from Mr. Brown, and place it
upon the record for some gentleman who wore but
one face—for some gentleman who is true.> either
to the South or the North; for some gentleman*
sir, who is not pointing back wi h one hand to a
record that is favorable to southern views, with
an assurance that that record contains and reflexts-
his present views, while at the same moment he
is signing a pledge to violate every principle of
that record with the other. He therefore asked-
leave of the House to change his votes, for they
had been cast undera misapprehension of the facts
in relation to Mr. Brown's true position,and even
then reluctantly.
Mr. BURT resumed 'the floor, remarking tha£
he had but a word more to say. They had all been
assured that the gentleman from Indiana, who had
been made so conspicuous on this occasion, was
committed against the Wilmot proviso. They
had had full assurances of this character from that
gentleman and his friends. He ventured to say, if
they had known of this correspondence, and the
gentleman's answer to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, there was not a southern man in this
House but would have regarded it an insult to be
asked to vote for him.
Mr. LEVIN next addressed the Clerk, and was
recognized, but yielded to
Mr. VENABLE, to whom the floor was given.
[Great confusion prevailed ]
Mr. INGE said he moved to proceed to another
voting.
Mr. VENABLE, however,, held the right to the
floor, and yielded momentarily to
Mr, BROWN, of Indiana, who wished to say
one word, that he might wH be misunderstood.
He said he stood by what he had satd to his south-
ern friends to the letter. In reference to the ex-
tension of slavery—which he believed none of
them asked to be effected by the direct order of
Congress—if a distinct proposition, by way of an
amendment to a territorial bill, were made in this
Hall to extend slavery, he should vote against it.
Mr. VENABLE said: I feel it due to myself that
I shall be relieved from occupying, apparently, a
false position. A day or two ago, I declared that
in no event could I vote for a Free-Soi!er or an
Abolitionist. I afterwards voted repeatedly for
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Brown;} and
the developments of this morning have disclosed
the fact that that gentleman was in correspondence
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
mot,] the putative father of the Wilmot proviso,
as to the arrangement of the committees. The re-
marksofthegentleman [Mr. Brown]himself,in his
vindication, disclose his opposition to the extension
of slavery, and his willingness to give to the peo-
ple of this District a vote on the subject of slavery.
I was ignorant of all these facts; but from a letter
received from that gentleman during the late presi-
dential canvass, I was irresistibly led to the con-
clusion that he was utterly opposed to Free Sod-
ism in all its aspects. I called on him in the course
