1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
That they shall pass no law that is not to be sub-
mitted to Congress for its approbation, leaving
them strictly to the control of the Congress of the
United States in every act that they may pass.
And yet gentlemen ?et up at this day and advocate
on the floor of the Senate the monstrous doctrine
that these territorial legislatures, consisting of a
mere handful of men, should make laws to affect
every description of property. I would greatly
prefer that my friend would leave out this provis-
ion, which by some is considered unnecessary.
The section, it appears to me, effects everything
that ought to be desired, and it leaves no idea that
anything is covered up in it which ought not to be
there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must say, Mr. President,
that U appears to me that my friend ftom Ala-
bama has not shown his usual courtesy in the re-
marks he has just made. He has been pleased to
say that my speech was a free-soil speech, and a
Wilmot-proviso speech. And why? Because I
made an argument in favor of the territorial bill
in the Senate, neither adopting nor rejecting any
provision in relation to slavery in the territories.
In other words, I made an argument in favor of
■the doctrine advocated by my friend from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] so far as tne territorial govern-
ments were concerned. The Senator from Ala-
bama says that he never agreed with my friend
from Michigan on this point, and that my argument
is fiee-soilism and Wilmot provisoism. He then
changes hi3 position with his eyes open—having
advocated the Wilmot proviso at the last piesi-
dential election, and he became an advocate of it
with his eyes open on that subject.
Mr. KING. I suppose the Senator, in making
this statement, means nothing personal?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all.
Mr. KING. I said nothing about the argument
as to the power of the territorial legislature to pass
such laws. The portion to which I referred was
-that portion in which he contended that Congress
had ail power over the territories—to exclude
from, or adrriTt into, or control property in those
territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Now, sir, we will turn to
that point. My argument was m favor of passing
a territorial biil without any provision on the sub-
ject of slavery. I undertake to say that three
months ago the Senator from Alabama was in
fa\ or of 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
to make any personal allusions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It cannot be out of order to
tell the truth in a respectful manner.
Mr. KING. 1 am still in favor of establishing
territorial governments without saying anything
on the subject of slavery, so far as the introduc-
tion of it into or the exclusion of it from the ter-
ritoues is concerned. That is what I was in favor
of three months ago, and is what I am in favor of
still.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stated that that has been
a doctrine unanimously entertained, so far as I
have understood it—ti.at territorial bills were to
be passed silent upon the subject of slavery, and
that no provision was to be made upon the sub-
ject. I understand that that has been the unan-
imous doctrine; that is what I n.>w advocate; that
is what I made an argument in favor of. 1 did not
propose t) say in the biil that the territorial legis-
lature should have the power to legislate on the
subject of slavery, or that Congress should have
power to prohibit or establish it in the territories.
I proposed to strike out that prohibition of the ter-
ritorial legislature on the subject, and, that being
done, it would read, that territorial legislation
should extend to all rightful subjects of legislation
within their boundaries. I piuposed to make it
an open question, so that the people themselves
could do with it as they pleased.
Now, sir, let me compare notes with the Senator,
and see who is in favor of the Wilmot proviso and
free-soil doctrine on this point. He desires a pro-
hibition on the part of Congress that the territo-
rial legislatures shall not legislate in respect to
slavery. Why, sir, the laws of Mexico prohib-
ited slavery in those territories when we acquired
them fiom that country, and according to the law of
nations the laws of Mexico are still m force. And
what is it that the Senator proposes? Why, it is to
continue those laws m force, and to prevent the
people themselves from repealing them. And that
is the very doctrine of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, which he wants to continue and retain in the
bill. That was the reason it was voted into the
bill by the committee of thirteen, the Senator from
Vermont giving the casting vote to put it in, be-
cause it was a perpetuation of the prohibition of
slavery forever. Sir, I wish to strike it out, be-
cause I do not wish to perpetuate any institution
against the will of the people. I wish to leave
them free to regulate their own institutions in their
own way, without compelling them to establish an
institution there, on the one hand, if they do not
wish, nor preventing them, on the other, from es-
tablishing it if they do wish it. Sir, 1 only made
those remarks which I thought were courteous. I
had made a speech in favor of the doctrines I have
always held, and I did not expect to see the Sen-
ator from Alabama show that irritability of temper,
and to hear him use epithets, instead of attempting n
to reply to an argument which he knew to be ||
frankly and candidly made. I made no uncour- jj
teous remark. Now, sir, I admit that I would j|
rather take the doctrine as it is to be found in the J
bill of the Senator from Kentucky than one which |
would stultify the whole Democratic party. It is 1
now clear that the object is to stultify the whole j
Democratic party of 1848. It is now intended to !i
rebuke the doctrine we advocated at that time. ||
The Senator from Mississippi said he wasopposed ;i
to it; the Senator from Alabama says he, too, was jl
against that doctrine then; the doctrines of the !'
Senator from Michigan are to be abandoned, new jj
doctrines are to be raised, and the supporters of the •]
doctrines enunciated in 1848 are to be smoothed':
down and requited to vote for a measure which is ,j
intended to stultify and disgrace the whole Demo- jl
crattc party. That, sir, is the question which we |'
are to meet; and, if we must meet it, let us meet !■
i it openly and like men. The Senator from Ken-!,
tucky was manly enough to say that he was op-
posed to this measure; he was manly enough to rise
above all pojitical rivalries, and to say that it was
wrong to put the question on such a basis. We
can stand where we stood in 1848, and where we
have ever stood upon this question. But, sir,
when we are required to retrace our steps and re-
nounce what we have alleged to be our principles,
that becomes quite a diffcient question. I
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I do not think !
that there is anything in this question that runs so !
far into the interests or feelings of party, past, !
present, or to come, as seems to be supposed by !
the honorable member from Alabama. I think |
that the amendment moved m this case by the hon-1
orable member from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] is of |
very littie moment, and I doubt whether it will j
have any degree of influence upon the just con- j
stiuction of the bill. Sir, if I understand the ob-:
ject of gentlemen who have taken part m this dis- •
cussion, it can be very easily attained by amend- J
ment form of amendment. 1 have seen on the '
surface of this question (and I suppose that every- j
thing belonging to it is on the siuface) nothing but j
a disposition to prevent the territorial government j
from deciding upon the question of the permanent
establishment, or the permanent exclusion of sla-
very in the territory hereafter to become a State.
I have taken that to be the aim and object of this
provision? which it is proposed to strike out of the
bill, if theie is anything deeper in it than that, it
is not apparent to me. Now, if that be the object,
it can be reached in a very plain manner. I saw
an amendment the othei day in the hands of the
honorable member from Indiana [Mr. Wiiitcomb]
whicn I think is calculated to accomplish that ob-
ject. It is the same that has been indicated by the
honorable member from Alabama. As the bill
now reads, it provides that the territorial legislature
shall have no authority to pass any law respecting
African slavery. The argument is, that by possi-
bility it may become necessary to pass laws re- <
specting slavery, if slavery shall ever exist there. >
Now, i suppose that the amendment proper to be i
introduced tor the purpose which has been signified
by the gentlemen who have spoken, would be to !
strike out those words, and to say that the ternto- j
rial legislature shall have no.authority to pass any >
law for establishing or excluding slavery in the 1
territory. It appears to me that this is the upshot
of the whole matter. That is very proper, because !
i take it that the meaningjof the whole is, that this ;
question shall be left to the people of the State to •
decide after it becomes a sovereignty by admission i
into the Union on the same footing with the ori- I
ginal States. It may then be a question for the peo- !
pie themselves to decide, because I take it to be
clear that it is a municipal question. It is a ques-
tion for the decision of the people in their State
sovereignty, and there maybe a propriety, there
certainly is no impropriety, in excluding the exer-
cise of any power in the territorial government for
the establishment or exclusion of slavery. I must
say, sir, that I look upon the whole matter as of
not-the slightest practical utility in the present
case My judgment is, that no provisionof this
sort is likely to have any effect whatever upon the
actual state of things which will arise in New
Mexico. Still the proposition is apparent. If the
amendment be put m the shape which I have in-
dicated it will be unobjectionable.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is in that shapo
now.
Mr. WEBSTER. It has been advanced that
these people while a territory have a right to do
anything and everything that belongs to the rights
of man. I cannot conceive that they have. I un-
derstand something, { hope, about the rights of
man, as they exist before government and without
government, and before there is a social state, and
before there is a politica] state. But when we
speak of the rights of persons—the rights of peo-
ple who are in a social state, who are in a political
state, who are under the dominion and power of a
government—when we speak of their rights, I sup-
pose we must mean their rights as they exist as
social rights, and their political rights more es-
pecially as they exist in the state of things exist-
ing at the time. 1 shall not now go into the gen-
eral reasons of the subject, nor shall I meet the
argument or attempt to meet the argument of the
honorable member from Michigan, addressed to
us some time ago.
We have always gone upon the ground that
these territorial governments were in a state of pu-
pilage, under the protection or patronage of the
General Government. The territorial legislature
has a constitution prescribed by Congress. They
have no power not given by that Congress. They
must act within'the limits of the constitution
granted them by Congress, or else their acts be-
come void. The people under the territorial gov-
ernment are not a sovereignty; they do not con-
stitute a sovereignty, and do not possess any of
; the rights incident to sovereignty. They are, if
J you so please to denominate u, in a state of in-
choate government and sovereignty. If we well
consider this question upon the ground of our
practice during the last half century, I think we
will find one way of disposing of it. It is our
duty to provide for the people of the territory a
government to keep the peace, to secure their prop-
erty; to assign to them a subordinate legislative
authority; to assign to them a subordinate judicial
authority; to see that the protection of their per-
sons and the security of their property are all reg-
ularly provided for; and to maintain them in that
state until they grow into sufficient importance, in
point of population, to be admitted into the Union
as a State, upon the same footing with the original
States. It seems to me that that is all our duty.
1 shall most readily concur in anything which
tends to the performance of that duty. But i can-
not go into any general discussion about the rights
of the people while under the territorial govern-
ment, and do more than they are permitted to do
by that constitution which creates a government
over them.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not feel dis-
posed, for one, at this time, to concede, even by
silence, that the question now before this Senate
and this country is one of practical indifference.
We have grown from thirteen to thirty States,and"
the history of the new States that have been added
to the Union since the formation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States will show this important
fact: No matter what is the latitude or the longi-
tude or any territorial government that has been
organized by virtue of tne authority of Congress,
in every solitary instance in which slavery has not
been expressly prohibited by act of Congress, it has
gone there, and exists theie at the piesent time.
Now, sir, upon this subject i desire no light but
the light of experience, and that light tells me that,
unless this congressional prohibition is inserted in
every territorial bill, slavery will go into the terri-
tories, and it is not worth while to shut our eyes
to this fact that none but those who are wilfully
blind can help seeing. Is this, sir, a question of
indifference and of no consequence? La&k, then,
