2-4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
said, that whilst he felt deeply mortified at the oc-
currence which had taken place, yet he regarded
it as better that these developments should have
been made before the House had come to a final
result, rather than afterwards. He thought the
House was not sufficiently composed to make any
further efforts towards organization to-day; that it
was not prepared to go on further with the busi-
ness at this time; and he hoped that, by general
consent, aa adjournment would be agreed to.
Objections were made.
Mr. T. submitted the motion that the House
adjourn until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers.
Mr. DUNHAM appealed to Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi, to withdraw the motion to adjourn for
a few" moments, to enable him (Mr. D.) to say a
few words.
After some hesitation, Mr. T. withdrew the
motion, on the pledge of Mr. Dunham to renew it.
Mr. DUNHAM then said: I had not expected,
Mr. Clerk, to mingle in this discussion, if discus-
sion it may be called, nor do I wish, in the least,
to add to this, in my opinion, uncalled-for excite-
ment; but I cannot sit idly by and hear my coi-
lesgue reproached with improper conduct in this
matter, denounced as an Abolitionist and a Free-
Soiler, and this transaction stigmatized as dishon-
orable, without at least expressing a wish that gen-
tlemen from the South will be a little more specific
in )heir charges and denunciations. I think it is
high time we should know exactly wherein this
transaction is by them considered dishonorable;—
what it takes, in their opinion, to make a Free-
Soikr—an Abolitionist. Is it dishonorable lor a
gentleman who is a candidate for a high office,
when addressed a letter by another gentleman ot
equal respectability, who wishes to give him his
vote,in ie'"erence to the manner in which theiiuues
of that office are to be discharged, to give <1 respect-
ful answer ?
Mr. KAUFMAN. Will the gentleman from
Indiana eliow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DUNHAM. Certainly, sir.'
Mr. KAUFMAN. Does ihe gentleman from
Indiana consider it honorable for a gentleman who
is a candidate for a high office, in which different
portions of the Union, embracing different inter-
ests, are interested, to make distinct pledges to the
representatives of one portion, and deny or con-
ceal . uoh pledses from those of another?
Mr. DUNHAM. It is a sufficient asSwer for
rac to say, that I have yet to learn that the devel-
opment hitherto made, or which can be made, shows
such a case. What improper pledge is contained
i.i t "■ is letter? 1 will admit, if you separate it from
the cc.i vers  i on between the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Wilmot] and my colleague, which
preceded it, out of which it grew, and whirh
properly and rightfully forms its c.obt.xi—it' you
isolate it. you may torture from it a meaning it
was never iine'Hieo to bear. Bat I ask gentlemen
if th s is fair? Is it right? Is it the way in which,
;'n our enuits of jiift.ee, in the ordinary transac-
tions of life, written instruments or verbal conver-
sations arc construed ? Ilere is where I think the
gemlem'-n from the Sonth have gone astray, and
have dote my colleague (unintentionally, 1 pre-
sume) gross injustice.
When you take this letter in connection with
that conversation, I defy the gentleman to point
out any impropriety in the assurances there given.
That conversation, as shown by both gentlemen,
amounted to this: The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania complained that the House had always
hitherto been so organized and the committees
thereof so arranged that the opinions and senti-
ments entertained by himself and those acting
with him had been stifled, and never been permit-
ted to be fairly heard upon this floor, to go out
from here to the world; that, all they asked was,
not that committees should be so arranged as that
a majority even should be favorable to these views,
but simply that the committees should be fairly consti-
tuted; that those entertaining such opinions should
be placed upon committees in proportion to their
numbers and according to their relative position in
the House; that in their arrangement every portion
of the Union should be fairly and rightfully repre-
sented, and have a chance to be heard upon this
floor. Witk this they would he satisfied. Mark the
language, for this is the key to the true meaning
Of this letter. To all this, what could, what ought i
my colleague, as an honorable man, as a national
man—which I know him to be in feeling—to reply,
other than what he did, that this request was but
just and reasonable? Now, sir, it was this con-
versation which gave rise to this letter.
Mr. KAUFMAN. If the letter of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Brown] had corresponded
with the alleged conversation, or if he had pledged
himself to so constitute the committees that all the
great interests of the country would be represented,
no honorable man would have objected; but to
pledge himself secretly " to constitute the commit-
tees so as to be satisfactory to Mr. Wilmot and
his friends," a small squatl of some eight or ten
disorganizes, making no written reservation in
favor of the rights or interests of any other party
or section of the Union, is an insult to those who
extended to him their confidence not to be patiently
endured.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania addressed him a letter, simply interroga-
ting him whether, in case of his election to the
Speakership, he would carry out these principles.
He on this .point merely replies in this letter,
that " should he be elected he will constitute the
committees on the Distiict of Columbia, the
Territories, and the Judiciary, in sucii a manner
as would be satisfactory to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and his friends " Now, sir, what
does this assurance amount to ? Can any one doubt
for a moment that, when my colleague penned that
sentence, he had in his mind the conversation to
which I have before alluded ? Does any one doubt
that at the time he believed that all that would
he necessary to satisfy that gentleman and his
friends, would be to so constitute the com-
mittees of this House, that every portion of the
people of this Union might in them be fairly rep-
resented, and have ati opportunity to be fairly
heard? Then, sir, I ask gentlemen, if in this note
my colleague has undertaken to do, should he be
elected, anything more than, as ah honest and an
upright man, as a true republican, he would
have been bound to do, had no assurances been
given? I should like to know, sir, if there ia a
man upon this floor who dare rise in his place,
and in the face of the American people say he
wishes this House so organized, these committees
so constituted, that a portion of the people shall
have their opinions stifled in this House; that they
shall not be heard here, and that they shall not be
permitted to give their opinions to their country-
men upon this floor; in short, sir, that they shall
be ostracized in the halls of their National Legisla-
ture? Sir, there is not a man here that dare do it.
Then, sir, as to the Abolitionism which has
been charged to my colleague 
Mr. KAUFMAN. We do not charge him with
Abolitionism or Frce-Soilism, but with duplicity.
Mr. DUNHAM. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
hut if the eharce of Abolitionism haa not been re-
peatedly made on this fl ior, I have very much mis-
Jieard. But if the gentlemen disclaim those charges,
; do not wish to pursue the subject. I have no dis-
position to speak for the sake of hearing myself.
I am but a young man, sir; this is my first appear-
ance upon this floor. I should not have spoken at
all, had I not felt it to be my imperative duty to do
so. 1 was about simply to add, that if to be in
principle opposed to the institution of slavery, and
to its extension—if to claim for Congress the right
to exercise its discretion in the control of that in-
stitution, where the Constitution clearly gives that
right, and at the same time to entertain a disposi-
tion not unnecessarily to agitate the subject—a de-
termination to stand firmly and sacredly by the
compromises of the Constitution,—makes a man
an Abolitionist, I can assure the gentlemen they
will find many Abolitionists in this Union.
In redemption of his pledge, Mr. D. then moved
that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked on the motion to
adjourn, and were refused.
And the question having been then taken, and
decided in the affirmative—
The House adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 13,1849.
The Journal of yesterday having been read 
Mr. MASON asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers of the heirs of Colo-
nel David Morgan.
Mr. UPHAM. I would inquire what is the
object which the honorable Senator has in view in
moving to withdraw these papers ?
Mr. MASON. 1 do it at the request of a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives from the
Commonwealth of Virginia, who informs me that
they were presented many years ago, and that he
desires to ascertain whether they set forth a proper
case for commutation pay.
Mr. UPHAM. I would inquire whether there
has Been an adverse report in the case ?
Mr. MASON. I am not informed of the con-
dition of the case. A member of the House of
Representatives, as 1 have said, from Virginia,
has desired me to move for the withdrawal of the
papers, which, he says, were presented many
years ago; and his object is that they shall be pre-
sented again to the House, as a foundation for a
claim for commutation pay.
Mr. UPHAM. It has not been usual to with-
draw papers upon which an adverse report has
been made; and I think it should not be done, be-
cause there may be much difficulty arising from it.
I have known papers to be withdrawn and sent to
the other end of the Capitol after an adverse report
made by a committee of which I was a member,
and among them were papers of much importance.
It is a thing that ought not to be done. If the
object ofthe motion is to withdraw the papers from
thefiles for the puipose of referring them to a more
appropriate committee, it is perfectly proper; but
1 think there is an impropriety in withdrawing
original papers upon which an adverse report has
been made, unless for that purpose.
Mr. MASON. I am informed by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sturgeon] that these
papers have been already withdrawn. I will there-
fore withdraw my motion for the present, but
without at all conceding that the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Upham] is right in the opposition
that he makes to the withdrawal of the papers.
Mr. STURGEON. It is my impression that
these papers were withdrawn from the files of the
Senate some time during the last session. It may
be, however, that my recollection in regard to it
is not correct.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
After an interval of some time, and there being
no business before the Senate— '
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF«REPRESENTATIVE8.
Thursday, December 13, 184D.
The Journal of yesterdiy was read and approved.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose and said,
that he would ask leave of the House to offer the
resolution which he would send to the Clerk's
desk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Hovvem. Tube, <>'' Georgia, is hereby
chosen Speaker of t!i< Hou..e of Representatives of the
Tinrti-firat Congress.
Mr. BROWN remarked, that he hsd been in-
duced to offer this resolution without any consult-
ation with his political friends, and without hnving
given the remotest intimation to his friend from
Georgia [Mr. Cobb] of his intention of so doing,
as he was sure if he had intimated his intention
to the gentleman, he would have been denied the
privilege of making this motion. He was sincerely
desirous of seeing an end put to these protracted
votings for Speaker. They had been engaged in
this unprofitable business for nine days, and they ,
weie now just where they commenced on the first
morning of the session. Not only were they with-
out a Speaker, but without a candidate for Speaker.
It was well known that the political party to which
he belonged had a majority in this House—imprac-
ticable, it was true, but still a majority; and al-
though they had heretofore failed to concentrate
upon any candidate in sufficient force to elect him,
still they had approximated nearer that point than
their opponents had. There was a little portion
of the Democratic party who refused to vote with
the great majority of the party; but not only was
there a like portion of the Whig Free Soilers who
refused to vote with the large body of their party,
but a portion of the southern Whigs who also re-
fused to act with their party. Under these circum-
stances it must be apparent to every one, that un-
less something else were done than to continue
