1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Recurring to the subject of disunion, he declared
himself a Union man; but if disunion must come,
he had a request to make: he spoke now not only
for hia constituents, but for the whole Northwest
Territory over which the Jeffersonian ordinance
was stretched. When southern gentlemen came
to divide the Union, he would have to bear in
mind that the people of that country had a very
strong idea that the Mississippi river—to say
nothing about the bank of the Mississippi river—
was a part of that territory, from its mouth to its
source. [A laugh.] We furnish the water, sir,
said Mr. £t. [Renewed taughter.] Depend upon
it, depend upon it, (he wanted now to raise almost
as,high a climax as the gentleman from Virginia
had reached,) depend upon it, that the Mississippi
river runs free as long as water runs down hill!
Mr. R. resumed his seat amid much merri-
ment.
Mr. DUER said that they had already, for nine
days, made ineffectual attempts to elect a Speaker.
This.he had expected; but he had also expected,
(and in that he was disappointed,) that after this
lapse of time the House would find itself in a dis-
position to organize, in the only way in which an
organization could be effected. There were three
parties in this House, none of which were in a
clear majority. It was therefore certain that a
Speaker could only be elected by an arrangement
of some sort between some two of these three par-
ties. It could not be effected by a combination of
either of the great parties with the Free-Soil party.
An arrangement of that kind had been attempted !|
yesterday, and had failed. That attempt could j|
not be repeated. It could'not be expected that any jj
such combination would be made again. It fol- j
lowed, therefore, either that the attempt to organize h
the House must be abandoned, or a compromise r
of some sort must be made between the two great \
parties. . j
Trie gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] j
had introduced a proposition, declaring the gentle- j
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to be tne Speaker i
of this House; in other words, a proposition call- j
ins upon his (Mr. D.'s) side of the House (the j
Whig side) to make an unconditional surrender. |
It appeared to him that this was asking altogether
too much ; for his own part, so anxious was he
that an organization should be effected, that he
was willing to organize in almost any way, by
electing to the Speaker's chair either a Whig or a
Democrat, or a Free-Soiler—any one, in short,
except a disunionist. He never would gi ve his vote
for any man whom be believed to be inimical to
the Union.
Mr. BAYLY (interposing) said: There are no
disunionts's in this House.
Mr.'DUER. I wish I could think so, but 1
fear there are
Mr. BAYLY. Who are they? Point them
out. • .
Mr. DUER. I believe there are some from
your own State; I think I see one of them now,
(pointing to Mr. Meade, of Virginia.)
Mr. MEADE. It is false.
Mr. DUER You are a liar, sir.
Ouick as thought, Mr. Meade made a rush to-
wards Mr. Duer, but was immediately surrounded
by his friends, as was also Mr. Duer, who re-
mained standing in the position in which he-had
^Indescribable confusion followed—threats, vio- j
lent gesticulations, calls to order and demands for ,
adjournment were mingled together. The House I
was like a heaving billow :
The Clerk called to order, but there were none j
to heed him. :
Some time elapsed. rr>„„
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the late House of Rep-
resentatives, Natham Sargent, Esq., now took
the mace in his hand, and descending along the
crowd of members, held it up on high.
Cries of " Take away the mace, it has no au-
DUER at length obtained a hearing. He
would, he said, continue his remarks
vindicate his own honor, by making such an an-
swer as he thought the provocation demanded.
He had said nothing personally offensive to the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] to elicit
such language as had been applied to him. He
(Mr. D.) had said that he believed the gentleman
to be a disunionist. He had expressed this opin-
ion upon the authority of a printed speech,in which
he understood him to argue that a certain state of
things existed, and then to declare that in that state
of things he loathed and detested the name of the
Union. Therefore it was that he (Mr. D.) had
applied the teim to him. He had considered that
there was nothing personal in this. The gentle-
man had made such an answer as he thought
proper, and he (Mr. D.) had repelled it, as he felt
called upon to do. Upon that point he had noth-
ing further to say. He had not risen with any
view to add to the excitement which already pre-
vailed in this House, but if possible to aid in allay-
ing it. He had risen to aid if possible in bringing
the House to an organization; and of saying, what
he had already intimated, that, for his own part,
he was willing to organize the House by taking
for its presiding officer almost any man—be he
Whig, Free-Soiier, or Democrat—any man but a
disunionist; and for such a man he would never
vote.
The Clerk Ijere interposed, and stated that a
request had been made to him by members of the
House, that the floor within the bar of the House
should be cleared of such persons as had no right
to places theft, and that the aisles beyond the bar
should also be cleared of such persons as were not
; entitled to the privilege of entrance.
| A brief space of time was given to the accom-
! plishment of this purpose.
! Mr. DUER then proceeded with his remarks,
j He had risen, he said, with the view of allaying
| the excitement which was likely to be produced (
I by the speech of the gentleman from Virginia, I
! [Mr. Meade,] and of suggesting for the consider- ■
i ation of this House, the only mode in which, in
! his (Mr. Duer's) opinion, the House could
either) should be permitted here to cause a motion
to adjourn. He was astonished that the House
should so far make themselves parties to this scene
of violence. He did'believe that there was no
more danger in now continuing this duty, accord-
ing to the rule, and according to the true spirit of
the Constitution, than there was when they had
first assembled last Monday week.
He had risen for the purpose of entering his
protest to any resolution which looked to an ar-
rangement between two or three parties in refer-
ence to the organization of the committees of the
House, and to any proposition to appoint a Speak-
er from the Whig party and the Clerk from the
Democratic party. In what respect would an ar-
rangement between the Whig and the Democratic
party differ from an arrangement between either
of these and the Free-Soil party? It was in this
lio-ht only that he had had any design of reflecting
uoon the relation which the gentleman voted for
yesterday by the Democrats, bore to his party.
Therefore he had no regrets to make for a vote
cast in ignorance of any real or supposed arraOge-
ment. ,3,1,
He besought his friends and fellow-representa-
tives on this"floor to go to this work to-day with
renewed energy and vigor, instead of adjourning
at half past three to go home comfortably to their
dinners, and at their hotels and boarding-houses
quietly canvass the events of the morrow, to sit
here and give their votes until they should have
exhausted the day, and he believed one party or
the other might ultimately, in an honorable man-
ner, elect a Speaker. He did believe that the
honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb)
would have been elected, if he had come before
the House untrammeled by caucus nomination-,
and he did not believe this of him particularly
but that there were other members who would
command the whole Democratic vote of the
House, independently of caucus nominations, ami
who, if they were so brought forward, would
receive a majority of the votes of the House.
Still Iftore did he believe there was a majort-
his (Mr. Duer's) opinion, the tlouse couia oe , sun more "= ——• - -Admin-
organized. Ther were, as he had said three 1
parties here—neither of them being a majority
In this state of things no organization could be
effected, except by an arrangement between some
two of them. The arrangement which had been
attempted yesterday could not, as he had already
said, be repeated, and, therefore, it was only by an
arrangement between the two *reat parties (irsins
the term merely as implying1 the largest in number)
that an organization could be effected. The party
to which he belonged could not m9.ke an uncondi-
tional surrender. That was out of the question.
But the House must be organized; and if it would
consent to adjourn from this time until Saturday,
a proposition, of the kind he had indicated, coming
from the Democratic party, might be made. Con-
ferences misrht be held, and in this way, he
believed, a fair and eqnitab e arrangement might be
effected. On his side of the House, he believed,
they had been ready for some time to receive such
a proposition. At all events, the organization of
the House was paramount to ail other considera-
tions. He hoped it might soon be effected; but he
was sure that it never could be effected by such a
proposition as had been introduced by the gentle-
■ man from Mississippi. A dozen propositions had
been brought before the House, and there might
be fifty more. They would all be ineffectual.
Debate, as useless as it wonM be interminable,
I istration; and based upon this-behef, he pro-
! ceeded to speak of the small measure of regartf
' which, in his opinion, properly attached to the
appeals of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, to concede to them the Speaker, arguing,
bv reference to the character of the committees as
composed during the last Congress, by the honor-
able gentleman " from Massachusetts, who then
presided over the deliberations of the House, that
a Speaker elected by a partisan majority, however
small, must necessarily sive a partisan complexion
to the committees. With this view, he opposed
all arrangements which might be made with other
parties, and urged the Democrats of the House
strictly to adhere to their peculiar organization,
and bv perseverance in their efforts he repeated
his decided conviction that they would soon be
enabled to elect a Democratic Speaker.
He moved to lay the whole proposition on the
table, in order that the House might proceed with
the vote for Speaker. But he waived the motion
at the request of Mr. Toombs , who desired to make
a few remarks. , . _
Mr. TOOMBS said the difficulties m the way of
the organization of this House are apparent and
well understood here, and should be understood
by the country. A great sectional question lies at
the foundation of all these troubles. The dis-
the House no nearer to the one great object of, that tne I^mMrat.c party^«
organization. He was not prepared, at this time, l| were both acting m reference to it. , 
* '  1 « U n lUmiffhl I
to vote for any proposition; but he thought it
probable that if the House would consent to ad-
journ for a day or two, some understanding might
be arrived at. # .
[Expressions of concurrence m some parts or j
the Hou&e, and of strong dissent in others, mingled j
with cries of " No adjournment, ] •
s Mr. McLANE said he desired to move that the i
' nropoposition now pending be laid on the table, with j
: f. r .1 ... ■ _ t.i  fn its ow11
said, continue his reman™. , f I: [he'hope that this House would come to its own
And, in the first place, he would be pa , ^ ^ kg Qwn jntegrityi an(1 pr0ceed at once
the House having uttered langua's w uc , ^ Qf effpctin„ an organization, and
had Mt himself called upon to.alter, boto ;, ^ whh in(llfference t0a„y matter which
impropriety of which he had at thel urae ^e"'J| hal, been introduced into this debate, eitner of a
conscious. And he would appeali to . - y e j. b]j or ()/a personal character. For one, he
this House to say whether under the cir p ^ # col!jsi(m be,
consr
man in
public or OkH jWlrtUiltti uiaiavn... - - ,
...an in this tiouse w , , ij ^ astonisWed that a collision between twomdi
bee^made'against WmTh'°couWCdo mherwise than il viduaUentlemen (without regard to the merits
were ooin nouns, hi
Democrats were satisfied, from the public course
and private assurances both of the member who1"
they supported and his friends, that he was worthy
of trust upon these important sectional
The disclosures which were made proved that they
were mistaken; and, with a promptness honorable
to them,they instantly withdrew their support,
and left the discredit to fall where it properly be-
longed The Free Soilers, who were engaged m
thediscredttableconspiracy, secretly and dishonor-
ably sought to acquire, advantages m the organiza-
tion of the House by private pledges, concealed
and intended to be concealed from the great ma-
ioritv of those whose votes were necessary to elect
the person for whom they voted. They sought, by
a discreditable trick, to secure those advantages in
the organization which they had not the courage
