THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RI YES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
cheerfully leave my constituents to approve or
condemn my course. This was the very necessity
which induced the Congress of the Confederacy
to institute governments for the Northwestern
Territory, as there was not a particle of power in
the Articles of Confederation upon the subject, and
which, in the opinion of Mr Madison, justified
their action; and it is the inevitable consequence, in
the opinion of Judge Marshall, where he deduces
the right, or rather the duty, of Government from
the power of ac^iisition. it was a similar neces-
sity, growing: out of the circumstances of the
country, which induced Mr. Jefferson to assent to
the completion of the arrangements for the acqui-
sition of Louisiana, while he saw no warrant in
the Constitution for the act.
Now, sir, as your power is founded upon the
necessity of the case, it should be carried no
further than that necessity requires. It is govern-
ment which is necessary for the territories, not
congressional legislation over their infernal con-
cerns; and we should therefore stop at the former,
and leave the latter to the people. To show that
there is not the slightest necessity for Congress to
act the part of a territorial legislature, it is enough
to say they have never done so. The territo-
ries have always legislated for themselves, and
the few cases of interference with their internal
concerns, by Congress, to be found upon the
statute books, were useless and unnecessary ex-
ceptions, which but the more forcibly establish
the general principle. The territories have always
been found competent to legislate for themselves,
and life, liberty, and property have been as well
protected there as elsewhere. Then, where the
necessity ceascs, your action should cease.
My views on another point being misunder-
stood, i wjlt briefly refer to them. My doctrine
was, and is, that the people of the territories have
a riffht to legislate for themselves. 1 wasspeaking
formerly of territories organized into political
communities by the action of Congress, and the
process by which I deduced this attribute of self-
government I have jnst explained. But, sir,
where the United States refuse or neglect to insti-
tute governments for new acquisitions, 1 hold it
to be the right of the people to provide govern-
ments for themselves. I do not intend to argue
that point with any man. He who does not feel
and acknowledge that clear right of self-preserva-
tion as mheient m every community, wnen ne-
glected by its sovereign, if it have one, entertains
views so different from mine on the great question
of human rights, that we have no common ground
on which to argue. So far I agree fully with
the doctrine advanced by the President, in his
message, that communities thus situated have the
right to provide for their own o;overnmei't, though
I dissent totally fiom the recommendation to leave
them m that condition.
Tne honorable Senator fiom Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] says we are sovereign, and thence segks to
deduce powers from that relation. And, sW, we
are sovereign—that is, we the people. But if
there are rights of sovereignty, there are also du-
ties of sovereignty. That relation is not all on
one side. These duties we ought to fulfill, and, if
we do not, the people must fulfill them for them-
selves. My honorable friend asks whether ail
men have a right to form a government. Mr.
President, in the application of great principles
you must not expect to find a definite boundary,
a wall, in fact, to which a man may go, and where
he must stop. Moral questions run into each
other, and, like day and night, it is often difficult
to tell where one begirs and the other ends. It is
very clear that one man cannot establish a govern-
ment, politically so called, though lie may govern
hnnself. it is equally clear that one million of
men may do so. Where the practical Ime shall
be drawn is a question appealing to the circum-
stances of the case, and to the common sense of
mankind. But lie who undertakes to measure
human rights by the square and the compass will
soon find he is dealing with a subject' beyond his
reach, and which has eluded many a mightier
grasp than his own. I lvoeat, this is a question
71
FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1850.
of common sense, and I suppose the descendants
of the crew of the Bounty, who occupy Pitcairn's
Island, and amount, I think, to about one hundred ;i
and thirty, have just as much right, in the eyes of
God and man, to provide for their own government,
as have the two hundred millions who form the ;■
Chinese Empire, now our neighbor on the Pacific, 'j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will state my :
position if the honorable Senator from Michigan !
will allow me.
Mr. CASS. Certainly, with great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. My position was not th*t a
j small or great number of persons, being without ;
I government, could not take such measures as
j their condition required to govern themselves. It
| was not, for example, that a vessel being wrecked
upon a desert coast, its crew could not adopt,
among themselves, certain rules which should be
binding upon each other. But it was, that their
action must be subordinate to the soverignty pre-
vailing over the coast on which they were cast.
That whenever the country to which the territory
belonged found that crew and extended its aufthor-
j ity over themt their legislation must be subordi-
, nate to its sovereignty, and any rule which im-
j paired the rights of the owner, or violated his
\ fundamental law, would be null and void. Now,
j in this case, suppose that five men, or five hun-
dred, adopted a government for themselves, it |
would be binding upon them, but its obligation
could not extend further, certainly not so far asio
make their temporary necessity sanctify an ag-
gression upon the right of the sovereign power of
the State uoon whose land they trespass.
! Mr. CASS. I am happy to find that the honora-
S ble Senator and myself agree as to the impropriety
i of measuring human rights by numbers. Now, as
j to the rights of sovereignty, which he invokes, I
1 have stated what I consider the true position. If
j the sovereign fulfills his duty by providing govern-
; ments for remote communities over which he
t holds dominion, there is no difficulty in the case.
] I agree fully with him that such governments
| should be obeyed. But that is not our inquiiy.
, Our duty has not been fulfilled. Our acquisitions
I are neglected by us, ar.d, so far as respects our ac-
, lion, they are in the very condition of the inhabit-
! ants of Pitcairn !s island, or of any other waif upon
: thegieat political sea. What protects the Mor-
i mon settlement in the great Silt Valley but theirown
voluntary association? And are they to be told
that they have no right to provide for their very
existence, because there is a government claiming
their sovereignty, but utterly regardless of its du-
ties, three thousand miles from their residence?
i That will riot do, in this age of the world. There
is no such despotism in a mere word, no such con-
' sequence from an abstraction. 1 wish we could
j substitute the word independence for sovereignty.
| It would cxpres quite as well our relation to the
! rest of the world, and it would save as many a met-
i aphysical declaration of power unknown to the
1 Constitution. But 1 agree that this right to estab-
lish governments by the inhabitants themselves,
! who "are left without any, is a temporary one, and
: that it ceases as soon as the superior government
j fulfills its duty by providing for one of the first
j wants of society.
j Now, with respect to the amendments. I shall
I vole against them both, and then 1 shall vote in fa-
| vorof striking out the restriction in the. bill upon
the power of the territorial governments. I shall
I do so upon this ground. I was opposed, as the
i honorable Senator'from Kentucky has declared he
was, to the insertion of this prohibition by the
j committee. I consider it inexpedient and uncon-
! stitutional. I have already stated my belief that
, the rightful power of internal legislation iu the
territories belongs to the people. You have the
right to govern, but not to legislate for them—the
doctrine for which our fathers contended, and
, which brought about our separation from England,
i, Bat, sir, how is it possible to vote for this interdict
without conceding the constitutional right of Con-
II gress to pass the Wilmot proviso? Congress can
|| only insert this clause upon the assumption that
II they have full power over the territories—power
New "Series No. 71.
to admit, power to exclude, as well as power to say
that the territori§l legislature may do one or the
other; for neither can he exercised hut by virtno
of full jurisdiction. Th,g power of Congresis over
the public territory, which, as Judge Story has it,
"is clearly exclusivcand universal, and is subject
to no control"—if this power can extend beyond
the necessity, it is without limitation and law.
It is contended by many southern gentlemen
that the right to take slaves to the territories is a
right secured by the Constitution, and which, of
course, no legislation can restrnin. Opinions differ
upon this subject. But there is one mode of set-
| tling it amicably and satisfactorily to which we
| can all agree, and that is, by referring it to the
! Supreme Court, the gieat umpire in constitutional
j questions, and an umpire in which the whole coibi-
; try has confidence. If, however, this doctrine is
j the true one, slavery can be carried to these terri-
l tories, independent of our action, and the legisla-
i tures will have the right to protect it. The bdl
j grants to these legislatures jurisdiction over all
I rightful objects of legislation, subject to the prt>-
| visions of the Constitution. By omitting boih
! atnendmends and the prohibition, the subject i 
I fully open to the claims of the South, if supported
' by the Constitution, and slavery is a rightful sub-
; ject of legislation, and may be protected, but not
; excluded by the territorial legislature.
If, as the honorable Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Downs] says, the people of the territories
are opposed to slavery, you cannot make them
legislate in favor of it, and the effort, if made,
I would be unsuccessful. But if .slavery may go to
!; the territories, by virtue of the Constitution, what
j right hove you to prohibit the territorial legisla-
|; tures from expressly providing for its admission,
by positive legislation, and from passing any laws
; they may think proper to favor its introduQftoit
!j and protection'
i; One more remark, sir, in relation to this subject.
!j The distinguished Senator from South Carolina
|| [Mr. Butler] said, if I understood lutn correctly,
;j thathe wished the amendment of the Senatorfrom
(j Mississippi, because he desired to have this right
ji of protection repeated in the law, lest the people
; 1 might disregard the Constitution. Now, sir, this
! j is a work of supererogation, f trust, we shall never
do. There is no need, nor is it any part of our
! duty to reenact the Constitution. That great in-
i strument would gain no force from our legislation,
ji If that were disregarded, surely we could expect
II little benefit from our interference.
i; Now, sir, the distinguished Senator from Mas-
si sachusetts will permit me to ask him why a terri-
!j tory should not be allowed to legislate for itseif
;J over all its concerns?
Mr. WEBSTER. Because the lav? (foes not
give them authority.
it Mr. CASS. My question is, why it should
i: not be allowed the control over this subject aa
i| well as any other.
jj Mr. WEBSTER. I will tell the gentleman. Be-
ll cause it is not an astabhshed permanent govem-
ij ment. It has too much connection, and is too
!l much under the patronage of this Government,
|i and especially on the subject of slavery. I do not
, | wish to see the slavery question agitated in the
: territories while the governor is appointed by this
j Government, while the judges are all appointed.
I by this Government, while they have not an indo
i| pendent character like the States of this Union.
II This is my answer.
j Now, if the honorable gentleman will allow Me
one word, 1 will tell him ihe whole issue, the whole
diffeience between him and myself. He read, I
think, an extract from the Nicholson letter, in
which he said that the Government was in duty
bound to protect the •territories, leaving to the
people of the territories all that concerns $heir do-
mestic interests. If the honorable member will
add, so far as they are permitted by the Cofisutu-
tion, prescribed for them by Congress, tie Sritt
speak like a lawyer, like an American statesman,
and according to' the practice of this Goverisaient
from the adoption of the Constitution.
Mr. CASS. I do not desire to speak so mjich
