1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£9
men, who ie there among us, amid all this talk of
dissolution, that does not love the Union? Is there
a man in this vast assemblage, who, on the coolest
reflection, would not give his blood to cement it?
Is not this our country, and is it not all oar
country? [Applause.] Sir, I confess this response
gladdens my heart; and already I reproach myaelf
that I could waver in my confidence but for a mo-
ment. It was a mournful spectacle to a true-
minded man, when threats of disunion, fierce and
bitter, could draw forth shouts of applause from
gentlemen on the other side of the House, as tri-
umphant as if disunion were glory, and as if, in-
deed, the threat were already accomplished. And
yet, sir, the echo contradicts the utterance. This
shout for the Union will be taken up by the masses
until it becomes a perpetual anthem of hope and ,
joy. It will swell among the mountains of the .
North, and travel with the winds across the :
prairies of the West. It will reverberate "through j
all the vast extensions of the Confederacy, and be j
repeated by a thousand advancing generations.
Sir, in the name of the men of the North so rudely
attacked, and speaking what I know to be their
sentiments, I say a dissolution of this Union is,
must be, shall be, impossible, as long as an Ameri-
can heart beats in an American bosom, or the
Almighty sends His wisdom and H;s goodness to
guide and to bless us.
[The delivery of these remarks was interrupted
several times by applause.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said, that he never
expected to live to see the uay when, upon this
floor, he should be called upon to discuss the ques-
tion of the union of these States. If in early life
(continued Mr. S.) there was anything in my heart
cherished above all others, it wai the glorious com-
pact formed by our fathers of the revolutionary
struggle. Sir. as has just been ssfid, I believe that
so long as American hearts beat in American
bosoms, the day will never come when the Union
of these States shall be dissolved. But I tell that
gentleman, [Mr. Baker,] and I tell this House—
whether he believes it or not, and whether the
people of the North believe it or not—that the day
in which aggression is consummated upon any
section of the country, much and deeply as I re-
gret it, this Union is dissolved.
However much gentlemen may refuse to believe
it, they will find it true. The Union was formed
for the benefit of all. We of the South who came
into this Union, came into it for mutual benefits
as well as you, gentlemen of the North. It was
not for the purpose of having aggressions com-
mitted either upon our rights or feeling3that this
Union was formed; and I tell the gentleman from
Illinois, and all gentlemen, from whatever sections
of the Union they may come, be not deceived.
We do not intend to submit to aggressions on our
rights; and I tell this House that every word
uttered by my colleague [Mr. Toombs] meets
my hearty response. [Applause.]
If gentlemen suppose {hat by singing pecans to
this Union it is to be preserved, they will find them-
selves mistaken. The Union was founded upon
justice—immutable justice—and right. It was
not to render the weal: subject to the aggressions
of the strong. It is as well that this debate should
have come to-day as at any time, 30 that the great
American heart may be awakened. I believe that
it has been slumbering. We of the South feel
that we are weaker. But, as has been said by my
colleague, gentlemen may sneak of the Union, and
may attempt to organize parties upon attachments
to the Union; but whenever a pavty is organized
upon that principle, it must also be on the prin-
ciples of justice. Would you have us of the
South to be an appendage to the Union? Would
you have us submit to aggression upon aggression ?
I tell you, for one—nnd 1 do not intend to d°^ate
this question to-day—before that God who rulps
the universe, I would rather that the southern
country should perish—that all her statesmen and
all her gallant spirits should be buried in honora-
ble graves, than submit for one instant to degrada-
tion. And I s*v, as Kossuth said, of the man
who will not stand up for his section, "the curses
of the eternal O-od would rest upon his head. '
Mr. M-^LERNAND rose, and (after a brief
conversation with several gentlemen nround him,
who urged the pacification of the Honse^ proceed-
ed to s.iy, that he had not risen to protract a debate
which must have caused much pain to every mem-
ber of the House—a debate upon the contingen-
cies and probabilities of disunion. His object
was practical and legitimate; it was to call back
the attention of the House to the business before
it—to the election of a Speaker. He hoped he
should have the concurrence of members in this
purpose.
Mr. McC. might appeal to the record of his
course for the six or seven years he had been in
| Congress to show that he had acted upon national
I views and principles—that he had acted as became
I an American Representative, seeking to do equal •
i justice to every portion of the country. He ex-|
' pected to continue to do so. In regard to the busi- j
ness on hand—the election of a Speaker—he had >
first voted for the member from Georgia, [Mr. j
Cobb,] the nominee of northern as well as south- j
ern Democrats, for near, perhaps quite, a week, j
He had so voted from a sense of duty, under the !
circumtsances, even to the exclusion of his col- ,
league and esteemed friend from Illinois, [Mr. i
| Richardson.] He had, in turn, after Mr. Cobb |
! had been dropped, voted for his colleague, [Mr. !
! R.,] and again for other gentlemen from different:
i parts of the Union. ;
1 And he was ready now, if it should be shown '
j that a Democrat could not be elected, to vote for i
i any fair and just-minded Whig. He was for the ■
\ organization of the House, and would resort to j
i every honorable measure to accomplish that object,
j He would consider it an indelible stigma upon I
.! American institutions, if, while we are professing j
to be political exemplars for the world, we should 1
prove ourselves incompetent for one of the most ;
I simple and ordinary civil functions. Such a man-
ij ifeatation would be one of the most serious blows ,
; that could be inflicted upon the eau3e of human j
I liberty.
Our institutions had so far rode out the storm of
war, the agitations of parties, in fact, every dan- '
! ger that had threatened them. May they not, will
they not do so in future, under the blessing ofDi- ■
i vine Providcnce? He trusted they would. There
' was a conservative power in them which would
rescue them from threatened harm—which would
ci lighten them over the shoals and quicksands of
;i sectional jealousies and divisions—which would
: preserve them as a priceless heritage of future
! generations, and as a model for oppressed man-
kind everywhere. This conservative principle of
our institutions should be allowed room for play;
it should be cultivated in a spirit of fraternity,
. patriotism, and mutual concession, by every por-
tion of our common country. Let this be done,
' and all would be right—all would be safe. Let us
;■ not rest upon unnecessary danger—let us not an-
ticipate an evil which, if it were upon us, would
1 be a tremendous calamity—let us cease a discus-
sion which must be painftil to ail, and which ap-
pears to me to be uncalled for. " Sufficient for
i the day is the evil thereof."
j Mr. McC. renewed his appeal to the House to
] come back to the business in hand—the election of
! a Speaker.
i Mr. CLEVELAND said:
\ Mr. Clerk: I am not a little astonished at the
I exhibition of passion I have witnessed on this oe-
; casion, by gentlemen of the South. Charges are
I made of aggressions upon the rights of the South.
1 When and where have these rights of the South
j ever been trespassed upon by the North r I essure
my southern friends that I am not aware of any
unkind feeling toward them on the p'irt of the
! Nnrth, and I am sure there is no disposition to
i invade their rights We shall exhibit no passion
; nn this subject; but we have rights—the cause of
liberty has claims upon us, and asking nothing hut
• what is clearly right, and coolly determining what
that is, the North will he as firm md immovable
in main aining it as are th  foundations of the hiHs
unon which we live. We love and cherish the
Union, and the S~ uth ns a n-mof the Union Our
fathers fought together the fight of the Revolution
under the comm >nd of their great southern Captain,
! and together trinmohed. We are enjoying the
I fruits of that triumph. What is the apologv for
this exhibition of bitter sectional feeing > VVha'
| does the South ask of the North ? That we shall
forget that we are freemen—the representatives of
' freemen > That we should vield our opinions,
lour principles to their dictation? This cannot
| be. Republican government rests upon the will
; of the people, exoresW by majorities. Our dif-
| ferences must be decided upon this principle.
ii Would it be tolerated by the South, if attempts
should be made to intimidate them by threats of
this kind? I remember there was once a conven-
tion assembled in my own State, composed of
men who, for character and intellect, were not sur-
passed by the same number of men in this Union.
They were suspected of a want of attachment.to
the Union. Although I am bound to say, that so
far as the members from Connecticut were con-
cerned, I do not believe they ever entertained the
idea of doing what southern gentlemen have open-
ly avowed their intention to do upon the happening
of a certain event; yet the suspicion of disloyalty
to the Union blasted their political prospects, and
sent them to their graves with that stain upon
their otherwise fair fame. Let gentlemen on this
floor take warning from their fate. The sin of
disunion is one that will not be forgotten or for-
given. These gentlemen seem to suppose that the
North would be the only sufferers by a dissolution
of the Union. These gentlemen are mistaken.
The States proposing secession bear the same re-
lation to the Union that a limb does to the body.
Amputation would disfigure and injure the body,
but the limb would perish.
1 But, sir, I did not rise to make a speech, but
i simply to say that we of the North desire a calm,'
| candid discussion of the matters in dispute between
us. We shall make no "threats, and shall not be
disturbed by any that may be made by others.
The people of the North love liberty, and wish
it secured to earth's suffering millions; and so far
, as it may be in their power, they will secure it to
i them, regardless of threats here or elsewhere.
| Mr. COLCOCK. I have listened with profound
I interest to the discussion which has taken place
I to-day, and 1 desire to say a few words in con-
i nection with the remarks which fell from the gen-
' tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.] That gentle-
man observed—and his remark fell with peculiar
emphasis on my ear—that he did not believe the
South was in earnest as to her determination not
I to remain in this Union if the legislation in regard
; to her institutions which is threatened, should be
accomplished.
I confess, with some degree of mortification, that
. perhaps it is true the South has, by her conduet
hitherto, exposed herself to this imputation; but 1
1 rejoice to say, that the day has gone by when any
question as to her deliberate purpose on this sub-
' ject will ever again be made.
The gentleman has alluded to the fervid and
impassioned language which has fallen from the
lips of southern gentlemen to-day. 1 can assure
| that gentleman, and this House, that I desire not
! to make this question a subject for rhetorical dis-
ii play, and he is greatly mistaken if he supposes
i such is the feeling of any member on this floor
I from my section of the Union,
'i I desire to regard it in gill its solemnity and im-
portance, and with a full view of all the coflse-
| quences that surround it. In this spirit I declare
that I believe the South is prepared to teach the
1 North that she is in earnest; and I here pledge
, myself, that if any bill should be passed at this
; Congress abolishing slavery in the District of Co-
' lumbia, or incorporating the Wilmot proviso in
: any form, I will introduce a resolution in this
i House declaring in terms, that litis Union ought to
be dissolved.
Mr. BAKER. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him one question ?
Mr. COLCOCK. Certainly, sir; as many as
you picas.?.
Mr. BAKER. Will such a resolution-dissolve
the Union ? I am aware that such language has
been held in South Carolina for the last eighteen
1 yearf.
, Mr. COLCOCK. I do not say that the mere
'■ introduction nf such a resolution would of itself
dissolve the Unio-i; but when the vote m taken on
it here, and followed, as I know it will be, by the
: action of the southern people, that I am satisfied
that the North will he convinced tnat the South is
' in earnest on this vital question.
! know it has been the fashion to talk of South
/ Carolina abstractions; but I r?j"ice to find that
: these abstractions have now assumed the form and
pressure of solemn truth, and South Carolina has
• now the proud satisfaction of seeing arrayed
: nround her her gallant sisters, Georgia, Alabama,
i Mississippi, and Virginia, whom she will be proud
I to follow wherever they may lead.
!, for one, do not regret the discussion /which
has taken place to-day. I do not wish to see this
