30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
question adjourned, nor wilt I consent to any ex-
pedients which may postpone it—I wish not to
leave it for my children to meet. Let it come at
once, and be settled now and forever.
Mr. ALLEN addressed the House in expo-
sition and defence of the principles? of the Free-Soil
party. [Mr. A.'s remarks will be published in
the Appendix.] Mr. A. yielded the floor sev-
eral times for purposes of inquiry and explana-
tion.
Mr. HILLIARD followed in some remarks,
(of which a report will be published in the Appen-
dix,) expressive of his views on the question at
issue between the North and the South.
In the course of Mr. HILLl ARD'8 remarks—
Mr. HUBBARD rose and asked leave to say a
few words in explanation.
Mr. HILLIARD having yielded the floor—
Mr. HUBBARD proceeded to say, that refer-
ence had been made to a letter which had been
addressed by him to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Brown ] He (Mr. H.) had a copy of that
letter, and would send it to the " Union"Office, for
publication in to-morrow's paper.
[Cries in all parts of the House; l< Read the let-
ter; let usliave the letter."]
Mr. HUBBARD then produced the letter, and
read it to the House, as follows:
Washington, December 10, 1849.
Dear Sir : WhPti I left my constnuenti, they understood
that I would not knowingly support anyone (or office who
WOilU Hilt aid them in securing their ln-ititutmiis against
further amnion, .and f determined lo support tor Speaker
of the House of Representatives a northern Democrat who
would not in any manner interlere with their rights of
property in slaves, as secured by the Constitution ot the
United States, accosting to our understanding ot that in-
strument; and, with a view to a mutual undemanding upon
this subject, I respectfully request your answer to the fol-
lowing interrogate ies: . .
1st. \re you in lavor of the Wilmot proviso?
2d Do you believe that Congress has the power to abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia, or elsewhere, or to
oas-s any act intended to effect that otijret?
Permit me, m conclusion, to assure ) on that, in the event
vour answers should asseit a principle which will give my
constituents the protection intended by tne Constitution, I
-.hall most gladly support you (or that office ; and it is with
a view alone to their protection that 1 have addressed you
this note. , „ ,, .
Be pleased lo answer before the House meets on Monday.
Respectfully, &e.,
DAVID HUBBARD.
Hon. W. J. Brown, of Indiana.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, addressing
Mr. Hobbard, inquired whether any answer,
verbal or otherwise, had been given to that tetter,
in reply to this interrogatory ?
Mr. HUBBARD slated that the gentleman from
Jndiana, [Mr. Brown,] had not given him a
wiitten answer, but had called at his lodgings with
a speech delivered by him some four years since,
as evidence of his opinityis, in which he (Mr. H )
could see nothing objectionable. But yet, by rea-
son of the gentleman's refusal to give a written
answer, he (Mr. H ) would not vote for him, until
pressed by his partv friends, and until other gen-
tlemen, in whom he'confiJed, gave him assurances
that the gentleman was sound upon those ques-
tions. Then, and not uutil then, he had voted
reluctantly for him.
Mr. BRG WN here rose and said, that the senti-
ments expressed by him in the speech to which
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hubbard]
had alluded were his sentiments now, and that all
he (Mr. B ) had said to that gentleman, he was
now readv to say again.
Mr. HUBBARD said he did not complain of
anything the gentleman had said.
Mr. HILLIARD having resumed the floor, and
concluded his remarks—
Mr. LEVIN moved that the House do now ad-
journ. *> .
[Loud expressions of dissent, and demands for
a call of the roll on the election of Speaker ]
Mr. CONR\D appealed to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Levin] to withdraw his motion
to a-ljourn, to enable him (Mr. C.) to address a
very few remarks to the House.
Mr LEVIN expressed his willingness to do so,
on the suggestion that the gentleman should renew
the motion.
Mr. CON RAD then took the floor. He said ^
that he had listened with a great deal of attention, j
and certainly with some pain, to the discussion ]
which had taken place m this Hall to-day. He |
regretted exceedingly that that discussion should j
have taken place; for his own opinion, which he |
uttered nevertheless with extreme deference to the
maturer judgement and to the longer e-xperience of
other gentlemen in the proceedings of this body—
in his own humble opinion, that discussion was ill-
timed, injudicious, premature, and would be pro-
ductive of no good, but, as he believed, of much
evil.
The gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
who had first addressed the House, had certainly
made a very eloquent appeal. He (Mr C.) had
listened to it with great pleasure. In many of the
opinions which' that gentleman had uttered, he
(Mr. C.) entirely concurred, and many of the sen-
timents which had fallen from him met with a
hearty response in his bosom. Of that he pre-
sumed it was unnecessary that he should assure
the gentleman, or his colleague, [Mr. Stephens,]
who had subsequently addressed the House to-day.
Still, however, the gentleman must allow him to
say that, in his (Mr, C.'s) opinion they had cried
out a little too soon. They had sounded an
alarm which he was fearful would not be confined
to the walls of this Capitol, but would, before to-
morrow morning, be carried upon the lightning's
wing from one extremity of this Union to the
other. That alarm, he repeated, had, in his opin-
ion, been sounded before there was any necessity
for it.
The gentleman from Georgia who first addressed
the House [Mr. Toombs] had said,-that he per-
ceived that the sole difficulty which had thus far
frustrated all attempts to effect an organization of
this House, was the existence of a strong sectional
feeling here, and a desire on the part of both sec-
tions of the Union, to organize the House with
reference to sectional and territorial divisions.
Upon this supposition the gentleman appeared to
have based his course of action. Now he (Mr. C.)
must be permitted to say, (and he said it with
unmingled pleasure, and with the utmost sincerity,)
that his own observation of the proceedings of the
House since he had been m his seat, had brought
him to a decidedly opposite conclusion. He
thought, on the other hand, that the sole difficulty
which prevented the organization of the House
was the decided aversion felt by an immense ma-
jority of the members to any organization which
\tas founded upon sectional or territorial divisions,
i And here he might be permitted to ask the gentle-
j man whether, if it were the desire of that section
: of the Union which the gentleman considered op-
| possd to his own, and it were the desire ofthe north-
! em portion of this House to organize upon sectional
j and territorial principles, what had prevented its
! organization until this moment? Was not that
section of country in a majority here? Was it
not in an immense majority ? And if it were the
desire of northern gentlemen—Whigs and Demo-
crats—that the House should be organized upon
sectional divisions, might it not have been organ-
ized on the very first day, or upon any subse-
quent day of the session ?
But he had observed that the same party lines
existed in the House that existed in the State
which the gentleman in part represented, and in
his own. This House, with the exception of a
small fragment representing a party known to ex-
ist in one section of the Union, was divided into
Whigs and Democrats. He believed that there
were one hundred and three members belonging to
the Democratic party. He did not speak of Anti-
slavery and Wilmot proviso men who were pro-
fessedly elected on that is3ue. He spoke of the
Democratic party proper; and that party, if he
was not mistaken, numbered about one hundred
and three members. The gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Cobb,] the candidate of the Democratic party
for the Speakership, received one hundred and
three votes, and these one hundred and three votes
were composed of Democrats coming indiscrim-
inately from the north and the south of Mason and
D.xon's line.
On the other hand, the Whigs of this House
met in caucus, and—with the exception of a very
few gentlemen nflt coming from the North, among
whom was the gentleman who had preceded him
in the debate—nominated for the Speakership,"at
a period of unprecedented difficulty ,and surround-
ed as they were by the storm of passion which had
disturbed the proceedings of this body for the last
ten days, a gentleman [Mr. Winthrop] who had
heretofore discharged the duties of the station in a
mannei which had secured to him the confidence,
he (Mr. C.) would not say of every Whig only,
but of every Whig and of every Democrat from
one end of this Union to the other; for he had
never heard any difference of opinion expressed in
relation to thatgentleman'simpartiality and ability.
That gentleman was nominated by the Whig cau-
cus, unanimously, with the exception of the two
gentlemen from Georgia, and a few others, who
had acted with them. There were, he believed,
102 Whigs in this body, excluding the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who had ad-
dressed the House, and the other gentleman [Mr.
Stephens] from the same State, who had subse-
quently spoken, and four others. Mr. Winthrop
had received 101 votes for Speaker, and these
votes were composed indiscriminately of gentle-
men from the north and the south of Mason and
Dixon's line. Did this look like an anxious de-
sire, on the part of a majority of this House, or
even of any very respectable number of members,
to effect an organization upon jsectional or territo-
rial principles? In his opinion, it indicated a pre-
cisely opposite desire. On the contrary, it indi-
cated a desire to adhere to those same party lines
which for twenty years had divided the people of
this country. And the difficulty of organization
had arisen from the fact that there were a few, a
comparatively very small number of members,
who had thus far refused to cooperate upon hon-
orable principles with either of these two parties.
It was not his object or design to impugn the con-
duct or arraign the acts, far less to question the
perfect purity and honesty of intention of any gen-
tleman, especially those gentlemen of his own
party, for whose opinion and character, public and
private, he felt the utmost respect, and even ad-
miration. But he begged leave to differ from thern
on this question. His opinion was, that the alarm
which had been raised here was unnecessary; and
therefore he could not concur entirely in the course
i! which some gentlemen pursued, though he consid-
ered it a great misfortune that he was constrained
to differ from them.
These were the remarks which, when he asked
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Levin] to
withdraw his motion for adjournment, he had de-
sired to address to the House. He should not be
enticed away by his feelings, on the one hand, nor
by the arguments he had heard, on the other, from
the resolution he had formed not to be drawn into
a premature discussion upon the subject of the
Wilmot proviso. Such a discussion was worse
than useless; it could lead to no good result, but
would be productive of positive mischief. He
therefore hoped that the House would adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Duer,] and adjourn to some future day—either to
Saturday or Monday—with a view to confer upon
the best mode of effecting an organization of the
House, and purely to the dispatch of the public
business.
Mr. C. having concluded—
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, obtained the
| floor. He was, he said, no extremist in opinion,
j If there was any one district in the country which
i felt a deep and abiding interest in the question un-
I der consideration, he represented that district. He
i had been astonished to hear the value of the Union
! calculated here to-day. He had been astonished
to hear the appeals which, from both geographical
extremes of the country, had been made here to-
day. He believed that the astonishment which he
himself felt would be responded to by the amaze-
ment which would strike deep into the hearts of
the people of this Republic.
! For one, he was unwilling to adjourn. He had
heard from a gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Allen,] who represented one class of opinions, an
appeal to the North to tarry until to-morrow, and
organize the House upon sectional grounds. He
had heard from the gentlemen from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs and Mr. Stephens] the declaration that
discord might reign in this Hall until the House
could be organized, by concessions made to their
opinions arid wishes. He had heard a member of
the Democratic party [Mr. McLane] attempt to
rally his party to an organization of this House on
the mere piinciple of opposition to the Adminis-
tration. He asked members of this House whether
it was right—whether it was fair—whether it was
proper that the wo;k that remained to be done
should be done in seciet? For one, he claimed to
be a friend of the Union; a lover of his country,
and of us institutions. The country expected
that they weuld remain here and organize—that
