1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
]ou3 instance in (his respect. By the charter of
the Ease India Company it h provided that the
Governor General of India shall be appointed by
the Crown. But, considering the great interests
which the company have in the faithful and able
administration of that high office, the charter pro-
vides that, though appointed by the Crown, and
though he can be recalled by the Crown at its
pleasure, the Governor General of India may ^e
removed by a vote of the East India Board of
Directors. That power has been exercised only
once, I believe; and that was in the case of Lord
Ellenborongh, some five or six years ago. But
generally in that country, from which our defini-
tions of power, and of Executive power particu-
larly, as distinct from legislative power, come, the
understanding in all cases is that the power of
appointment draws after it, as a necessary conse-
quence, the power of removal, if there be no tenure
fixed by law,
1 have looked recently, though not for the first
time, into the debates which took place in Con-
gress when that construction of the Constitution
was fixed at its first session. You know, sir, that
the Senate of the United States, at that time and
for several years afterwards, sat with closed doors.
There were no debates of the Senate published up
to the year 1794, I think. But this question was
debated in the House of Representatives at great
length. The speeches made there were reported
and published. The idea that the President pos-
sessed a removing power, without the consent of
the Senate, seems to have been chiefly supported
by a very able speech from Mr. Madison, whose
opinions, as one engaged in framing the Constitu-
tion, upon constitutional subjects, were regarded,
and have ever been legarded, as very high au-
thority. His judgment appears to have prevailed
with the House of Representatives on that occa-
sion. I have understood that the vote affitminsr
that power in the President, passed the Senate by
the casting vote of the then Vice President, Mr.
Adams. The question arose upon the constitution
of the department of the Treasury; and the ques-
tion was, whether the head of that department
should be removable by the President? Now,
whatever my opinion may have been, or is, as to
what v/as the original intention of the Constitu-
tion, the actual practice under that instrument has
not been in aecoidance with my opinion. I have
found it a settled question, from the decision of
Congress, made directly on the point, at its first
session, down to the present day, under every Ad-
ministration. The President of the United States
has, in more or fewer instances, of his own au-
thority, removed an incumbent from office; and if
made during the vacation, it has been itgarded as
creating a vacancy, which the Constitution author-
ized him to fill of his own accord until the next
meeting of the Senate.
in 1835, I think it was, this matter was debated
in the Senate. A bill passed the Senate, if I mis-
take not, making some general provision applica-
ble to this subject. Btu, according to my iccol-
lection, it was never taken up in the other House,
and never became a law. Now, if any proposition I
were before the Senate such as was contained in
that bill of 1835, as a general provision, I should
be as willing now as I was then to sustain it, be-
cause I am one who do conscientiously believe
that the extent of' Executive power over those who
hold office in the country is one of the existing
evils of the time, and one which endangers the I
harmonious action of the Government. Especially
is it one which creates an mtcicst in persons m
office and persons out of office, the one to maintain
and the other to oust the pos-essnrs of office. For
the time being it excites an energy, in that respect,
founded too often, as we must all admit, upon
considerations of a private object and of a private
nature.
But, sir, since the practice has become a settled
practice, since every Administration has indulged
in it, and since it must now be considered, as the
legal construction of the Constitution, that it is
one of the powers of the President to remove in-
cumbents from offices which they hold,"it follows,
as a necessary and as an inevitable consequence,
that this power, thus legally vested in the Presi-
dent, must be exercised by him as independently
of our control as any other power that is to be
exercised by him under the Constitution. If he
holds the power, he holds it to be exercised at his
own control and discretion. And I see no ground
upon which we can call upon him to give us rea-
sons for the manner in which he exercises that
power, any more than we can call upon him to
give reasons for the manner in which he exercises
any other power under the Constitution. Or, on
the other hand, that we have no more right to call
upon him to,account to us for the manner in which
*he exercises a power solely confided to him, than
he has to call upon us to give him reasons for the
manner in which we exercise a power solely con-
fided to our hands. And I think, therefore, it
would be against what is the settled construction
of the Constitution, and the practice of the Gov-
ernment, for us to make any such requirement of
the Piesident.
It must be borne in mind that we are not now
acting under the plausible notion or idea that we
may make this call as being ourselves a part and
portion of the Executive or appointing power, for
this proceeding is brought up while the Senate is
acting in its legislative capacity. It is no more
properly here, or to be properly entertained here,
than it would be in the other House of the Na-
tional Legislature. The House of Representatives
may make a general inquiry of the President for
the reasons for removals m detail, or Congress
may ask for the reasons of removals in every
case, extending down to the postmasters, in detail
and seriatim, with just as much propriety, it seems
to me, as we can pass this resolution. I consider
it, therefore, entirely subversive of the practice of
the Government; and though I do not mean to use
a term of any severe application, I must say that I
consider it aw invasion of the undoubted authority
of the President upon the settled construction of
the Constitution, for the exercise of which au-
thority he is no more answerable, or to be made
answerable to us, than we are answerable or to be
made answerable to him. The powers of the
departments are not all mixed up in a jumble.
They are separate, and arc made separate by the
Constitution;|ind have hitherto been kept separate
by the practice of the Government. I hope they
will continue to be kept separate, for then there is
a just responsibility. If every department acts
within Us own power, it takes the responsibility
belonging to its power. But if the power of two
or more departments are mixed up irregularly and
jumbled together, there is no just responsibility
upon anybody.
Every consideration thereforeof propriety,as well
as the written text of the Constitution, requires
that (he powers assigned to one department of the
Government shall not be interfered with or inter-
meddled with by another. For these reasons I
shall, most assuredly, record my vote agaiust this
resolution, if it is pressed. I should prefer., when
gentlemen have made such observations upon it as
they think fit, if I might do so without any um-
brage to the honorable member from Maine, to
move to lay his resolution upon the table.
But, now, sir, I do not feel at liberty to depart
from this subject entirely, without saying a word
or two bearing more directly upon what may be
called the merits of this resolution. Whatever
has occurred as being worthy of remark in im-
pugning the course of the Administration, has been
fully set forth by the honorable member from
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury.] Whatever has occurred
as being woithy of lemark in justifying that
course, either by its own merits or by way of
comparison or contrast with previous Admmistra- i
lions, has been set forth at much lengih by the '
honoiable member from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith ]
I do not propose to follow in the track of those I
gentlemen, and say anything of the particulars of \
the case.
But I feel bound in duty to say, that, so far as I |
know, in that part of the country with which I am [
most acquainted, I have heard of less complaint of j
unfit removals from office, or of improper remov- I
als from office, under this Administration, than 1
has occuned under any Administration coming |
newly into power within my recollection. I can- •
not speak for the whole country, but I can speak
pretty confidently of that part of the country >
which I reside; and I believe the remark;is true of
all parties there, taken as a whole and in the ag-
gregate. My opinion certainly is, that the present
Chief Magistrate of the United States has in his
temper and character nothing unkind or proscrip-
tive. I believe, so far, he has borne his faculties
meekly. He is of a calm and kind temperament.
He wishes evil to nobody. But at the same time
he has firmness and decision enough, when he
perceives what he thinks to be the lineof his duty,
to travel it without fear of consequences. As I
believe him to act in this spirit, and with this pur-
pose, I shall, so long as his measures appear to
me to be conducive to the welfare or the country,
give them my cordial suppor.t.
The debate was continued until near the usual
hour of adjournment, and the Senate adjourned
without taking any question. [A report of the
debate will be found in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, June 5,1850.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. DEBERRY- asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pos t Office nnrt Po.?5
Road*, ho instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail line from Yorkville, South Carolina, by South
Point and Woodlawn, in G'Ston county, North Carolina,
and i>v Cottage House and Vesuvius Furnace, m Lincofn
county, to Newton, in Catawba county, North Carolina.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was introduced and adopted.
AUTHENTICATING RECORDS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House, to introduce a bill, of
which he said previous notice had been given.
The title of the bill was read for information, as
follows:
" A bill to repeal a part of the 6th section of an act ap-
proved September 15, 1789, entitled cAn act to provide
for the sale fcf eping of the acts, records, and seal ot the
United Slates, and for other purposes.5 "
No objection having been made,
The bill was introduced, and read twice by its
title.
Mr. BROWN said, that as the object of the
bill was simply to do away with so much of the
act referred to as authorized the payment of a" fee
of twenty-five cents for authenticating copies of
rccords, &c., he supposed no objection would be
made to it, and he hoped, therefore, that by gen-
eral consent it might be put upon its passage.
No objection having been made, the bill was
read a third time and passed.
TEXAS.
Mr. HOWARD asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War hereby requested
to communicate, for the information of this H<ui«e, the re-
port of LieutenantColonel H. Johnson, United states Top-
ographical Engineers, ami the report of Colonel J. C. Hay?,
relating to the military road, or a railroad from the eoa<t of
Te\?w to EI Paso and to the Pacific. Also, any reports from
the United State* ofneers in his depaitment,recommending
the improvement of the navigation oi the rivers of western
Texas, f r the purpose of facilitating the transportation of
the public stores for the United States army.
Mr. TUCK objected.
Mr. HOWARD moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of enabling'him to intro-
duce the resolution.
The SPEAKER said that a motion to suspend
the rules was not in order to-day.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland,
the House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
special message of the Piesident of the United
States transmitting the constitution of California.
Mr. DUNHAM was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Duniiam] to yield, for the purpose of en-
abling him (Mr. J.) to offer an amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM yielded the floor.
Mr. JONES then said: It i3 not my intention*
to attempt to make a speech upon the bill now
before the committee. But I propose to offer at
this time, if in order, or if not now in order, to
give notice that I shall offer when it is so, a
proposition which clearly and definitely sets forth
my position and my desites in relation to the im-
portant and momentous question before us. I de-
sire that a settlement of it should be made—let
that settlement affect whom it may—make or
unmake whatever great men or aspirants for polit-
