,1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
teal preferment it may—if it will only give peace
and harmony to this distracted country.
I will now, if I am in order, move, in lieu of the
bill of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,]
a bill which 1 will send to the Chair. If I am
not in order, I will give notice that 1 shall offer it
at the proper time, ft is the bill reported in the
Senate by Mr. Clay, as chairman of the select
committee of thirteen, under the title of a bill "to
admit California as a State into the Union; to es-
tablish territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico ; and making proposals to Texas for the
establishment of her western and northern bound-
aries." I propose to strike out the words "nor
in respect to Jifrican slavery" from the 10th and
27th sections of that bill. And for the words
"commonly called El Paso, and running up that
river twenty miles, measuredr.by a straight line
(hereon," contained in the tenth and eleventh lines
of the 39th section, I have substituted the words,
* ^ where the 34th degree of north latitude crosses said
river,"—thus making the northern boundary of
Texas"run eastwardly, from the point at which
the 34th degree of north latitude crosses the Rio
Grande, instead of from a point on said river
• twenty miles above El Paso. The reason for this
change of the northern boundary of the State of
Tex^s, as proposed by the bill of the Senate's com-
mittee, is, that at about the 33d degree of north
latitude, there is a settlement of about four hun-
dred persons organized as a county of Texas, j
From this point or settlement, in the direction of I
Santa Fe, there is a desert of some ninety miles, !
destitute of water and timber, called the Dead
Maji's Journey. To my mind the reason for the
change of line is satisfactory and conclusive. 1
have added to the end of Mr. Clay's bill a proviso,
"that nothing in this act contained shall be so
construed as in any manner to impair the rights
of the State of Texas to al! the territory as claimed
by her, in the event that the terms proposed to
said State of Texas should not be accepted;—
simply providing, on behalf of Texas, as the last
paragraph of the bill does on behalf of the United
States, that, in the event of the non-acceptance of
the propositions by Texas, her rights shall not be
impaired by anything this act contains.
Now, in presenting this amendment, I shall
merely remark, that in my opinion, this is the only
practical proposition which is now, or which has ;
yet been before either House of Congress. For
my own part, I should be willing, as an alterna- !
live, to take the Missouri compromise line. I
would, however, prefer this bill to' that proposi- j
tion; anu t believe that to advocate the Missouri I
compromise line at the present time, is, in effect, <
to oppose a settlement of the agitating question, :
which now threatens the integrity of the Union.
Mr. PRESTON KING submitted to the Chair,
whether this amendment was now in order ?
The CHAIR decided (amidst a great deal of.
confusion) that the amendment was not now in i
order, because other amendments were pending. !
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked a question !l
or made a remark, of which nothing was heard by - j
the reporter. 1
Mr. DUNHAM then resumed the floor, and I,
addressed the committee during the hour. He !'
directed the first brief portion of his remarks to a J!
vindication of the State which he in part repre- 'i
sonted (Indiana) from the misrepresentations and i,
the misunderstandings that had gone abroad in :l
respect to the sentiments of her people; repelling !|
imputations which had been cast upon them, and !
declaring that their sole desire was to act up, in*ail j!
respects, to the true line of their constitutional |!
duty. He spoke with concern of the crisis through Ij
which the country was now passing, butin a spirit I;
of confident prediction as to the safe and triumph-
ant issue of her trial. He demonstrated, by a
rapid glance at its history, that the Government ,
itself was but the offspiing of a crisis; and that in j;
every stage of her great and glorious career the j|
country had been subjected to ordeals scarcely less
portentous, through all of which she had passed !|
with a success as signal as it had been uniform, j;
He showed that these very crises were the natu- j;
ral results of natural causes, arising from the.}!
conflicts of interests seemingly hostile, and yet ;
susceptible, if directed by liberalized principles of !i
statesmanship, of being blended together into one jj
great, harmonious system. To the accomplish- 'j
ment of this end, he argued, it was only necessa- |,
ry that the same elevated and comprehensive j;
spirit of patriotism which had animated the framers
of the great charter of American liberties should
now pervade the deliberations of both Houses of
Congress. And he earnestly invoked that spirit
in the decision of ttie grave issue now to be de-
cided. He directed his attention to the causes
which had produced the existing state of things—
first ascertaining the disease, and then defining the
remedy. He opposed the plan of General Tay-
lor, as one tinctured with demagogism—as hav-
ing no Substance in it, or, if any, the substance
only of evil. He expressed his belief that the
North was not alone to blame for the existing
tumult in the political elements. The South,
by the bitterness and the violence of its denun-
ciations, had given to the Abolition party of
the North a strength and vitality which of itself
it never could have attained. Fanaticism, that
peculiar condition of mind which discarded the
controlling influence of the judgment, and yield-
ed up everything to the promptings of preju-
dice, the dictates of passion, and the feelings
of interest,—fanaticism had shown itself not
less violent in the South than it had been in the
North. And for every solitary complaint which
the South could make against the North, he could
: show a counterpart in the North against the South,
! if the two sections were only willing to look at
each other steadily in t'ne face, and see things as
they truly existed, face to face. Scarcely a less
prominent cause of the present difficulty had been
the misapprehension of the South as to the views
of the northern people generally. He disclaimed
the idea that the narrow and sectional feeling which
had been attributed to the South did in fact per-
vade the masses of her people, and' declared his
conviction that, if seen and spoken with at their
homes and by their hearthstones, it would be
found that the southern people generally were
guided by a lofty spirit of patriotism, which looked
, not to themselves alone, but to the promotion of
the general good of the whole nation. He then
passed on to a critical examination of the.consti-
tutional power of Congress to adopt the Wilmot
proviso. He expressed his general conviction of
the existence of that power; ranking it, however,
as one of a class of powers which, though un-
' doubtedly possessed, it might not be right or pru-
' dent to exercise. He thought t'nat the one great
! error which lay at the foundation of all this diffi-
j culty, was that, in dealing with these territories,
i we had not recognized, or, at least, had forgotten,
j that grand fundamental principle of republican li'o-
' erty for which our fathers poured out their blood,
that we had held this territory not for the good of
I the people who inhabited it, but for our own gen-
! eral interest. He declared his conviction that the
! Mexican laws were still in force, and his willing-
; ness to leave them so until the people themselves
I should indicate what their wishes were. He was
! then proceeding to other branches of his argument,
when the Chairman announced the expiration of
| the hour.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, next obtained
: the floor. He caused to be read resolutions, of
I which he had given notice on the 13th of March
last, embodying the outlines of the plan which he
proposed for the settlement of the difficulties grow-
ing out of the question of slavery. The r solu-
tions instructed the Committee on Territories to
report a bill admitting the State of California, le-
galizing " in such manner as the committee may
deem expedient," provisional governments which
have been established in the recently-acquired terri-
tory, and admitting their delegates to seats in the
House of Representatives; providing efficiently
for the reclamation of fugitive slaves, and retro-
ceding th^District of Columbia, reserving the
public buildings and grounds. He appealed to
both sections to unite amicably upon some fa r
plan of settlement: and while the above were his
general views, he reserved himself to act upon de-
tails and specific plans, as exigencies may require.
He reviewed and analyzed with a good deal of
spirit, the recent speech of Mr. VVivtheop, and re-
iterated the charges he had formerly made against
that gentleman, of partiality and unfairness to the
South in his administration of the Speakership, and
of divers other inconsistencies in his past course.
He replied to that portion of the speech of Mr.
Asiimon, which traces the difficulties in which the
country is now involved, to the annexation of Texas
as the cause, and to the Democratic party as the
authors; and stating that he did not intend to ex-
onerate the Democratic party from their store of
the responsibility for annexation,, of flhicli they
were proud, f ie-.proceeded, at. some lengths, to
show that the Whig party were equally responsi-
ble, adducing in proof the facts that the negotia-
tion for annexation was commenced, and that the
resolutions were passed during the administration
of Mr. Tyler, who was elected by, the Whigs,
and referring to the correspondence of General
Taylor, from the Rio Grande, with the War De-
partment, to show that he was,responsible for the
first blow struck in the war.
In conclusion, reverting to the pending difficul-
ties of the day, he appealed to Whigs .and Demo-
crats from all sections, to approach their settle-
ment in a spirit of justice and compromise, and
looking to the whole extent, the height anddipth,
the length and breadth, of the great question, the
amount of property involved, &c., to lay aside
sectional feelings, and settle it as Americans, in
justice to the South and the entire country. He
expressed his firm devotion to the Union, and the
belief that its preservation was to be looked to as
the surest support and protection of slavery.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, then obtained the
floor, and addressed the committee. He replied
to remarks which had been made, tending to fasten
upon the Whig party of. the United States the
responsibility of Texan annexation. He admit-
ted that there might here and there, in Tennessee,
or other portions of the Union, have-been a few
Whigs who, filing off from the great mass of their
party, attempted to steal some of the Democratic
thunder. But it did not thence follow that the
Whig party were m favor of annexation. They
were known to have opposed it, and gentlemen
were well aware that but for a little slip which
Mr. Clay had made in one of his letters, annexa-
tion could have been successfully resisted, and
that Mr. Polk never would have been chosen Presi-
dent of the United States. This circumstance
had been taken advantage of by the Democratic
party, and upon that issue Mr. Polk had been
elected. Repelling a kindred charge in relation to
the identity of the Whig party with John Tyler
and his administration, Mr.,McL. proceeded to
advert to some general topics of political history,
and to the course of policy which had been pur-
sued in the contest between Mr. Polk and Mr.
Clay, especially as regarded the double or pxo-
faced issues which had been made during that
memorable struggle, in relation to the tariff. He
adverted to the steady and uniform support which
Mr. Clay, sustained by thegieatmass of the peo-
ple of Itentucky, had given for the promotion of
northern interests and the protection of northern in-
dustry; and declared that Kentucky had given the
list sustaining vote which she ever would give to
that industry, until such time as the people of that
\ State should be convinccd, by the acts of northern
| men, that her interests were to be legarded and
her rights respected, Jn saying this, he uttesed no
' sentiment which was hot the result of cool delib-
eration. He replied to remarks having for iHeir
object to fix upon General Taylor the responsi-
bility of the Mexican war, by reason of" his
having, in an alleged violation of his orders, block-
aded the mouth of the Rio Grande, contending,
upon the face of the documents themselves, that
the argument amounted to nothing. But, he con-
tended, the question of responsibility was not now
to beargued. All parties were bound to sottle the
pending controversy. Did they intend to do it?
And, if so, when ? How long aid they intend to
speak to empty benches? How long did they intend
to flood the country with pamphlets and speeches ?
Who here was in favor of compiomise? If a single
member was so, he had net yet seen him. The
South was disposed to settle upon any reasonable
terms. If she presented a plan, the North ob-
jected. If the South asked the North for a plan,
the answer was, that there was but one plan—that
hereafter no slave State should, upon any condi-
tions, be admitted into the Union. Whilst the
South desired any just and equitable settlement,
there was not, in his opinion, tne slightest dispo-
sition in the lower House to settle the question
upon any terms. The North had taken the posi-
tion that never, under anjK'ncumstauces, should
another State be admitted into the Union, except
under a constitution which should reject slavery.
The South, therefore, had ceased to expect any-
thing in the shape of a fair and equitable adjust-
ment. Anxious as he was for a compromise, he
