1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
printing came under the rule which allowed such
prices; and 1 think it will be prudent not to order
any more printing which does not come under one
of the five or six classes, until we have received'a
report from that committee, and we know what we
are to pay for what we order.
Mr. BORLAND. The statement made by the
Senator from New Hampshire is correct, as 1 un-
derstand it, os the committee have ascertained
while making inquiries for the purpose of prepar-
ing an answer to the resolution of the Senator
from New Hampshire. That report is nearly
ready, and will be made to the Senate within a
few days, embracing all the facts. It is proper
that I should say that this large sum of thirty-
Beven or eight thousand doHars, which was re-
duced to twelve thousand five hundred dollars, was
not a charge which came before the Committee on
Printing. It was done before the present Commit-
tee on Printing was raised; but the committee,
having inquired into the matter, will make a report
within a few days. I will say, however, that in
my opinion, and that of the Committee on Print-
ing, there is no printing which can be ordered by
the Senate that does not come properly within one
•or the other of the five classes included in the con-
tract. I think, as I understand the contract, that
it embraces every kind of printing which can be
ordered by the Senate, and that it provides for all
the printing at low prices—prices not to exceed
the ordinary price for printing done in this city
and elsewhere. I think, in all the cases provided
for, the prices are below the usual prices charged
by printers. This is my opinion, and I do not
think that any such extravagant price as the Sena- j
tor supposes could be charged, and certainly if it
was charged it would not be allowed by the Com-
mittee on Priming.
Mr. BENTON. 1 would inquire of the Senator
from New Hamshire, who seems to know some-
thing about the document which he holds in his
hand, whether it had been previously printed as a
common document; and, if so, at how much ?
Mr. HALE. That 1 cannot say. I think not,
however.
Mr. BORLAND. I can answer the question.
It was printed as a common document,and 1 think
the price was less than two hundred dollars for
the ordinary number of 1,250 copies.
Mr. BENTON. That is the point precisely.
It was previously printed as acommon document,
under the known rules of the Senate, and one
thousand two hundred and fifty copies cost less
than §200, and yet afterwards, when it was re-
printed, with some few words added to it, ten
thousand copies came to $38,000, which, however,
was generously reduced to $12,500! which was
twelve times as mueh as it was worth. But what
I rose for was this ; We are in the fog respecting
our printing; and not only in the fog, but we are
on the rocks also. We can neither see nor move.
We cannot see what it is to cost, nor can we get
anything done. Now, to relieve the Senate from
that condition, and to enable the Senate to have its
printing done for the purpose for which the pub-
lic printing was originally instituted—to enable us
to'do business, and-not to make fortunes for print-
ers—I submitted a resolution a month ago, which
did not get much, favor. The resolution was de-
signed to steer clear of all thesequestionsabout the
abuses which had taken place, and which rnay take
place, and provide a permanent remedy for the
whole. It was to adopt one single clause of the
lesolution of 3S19, which clause will authorize'our
Secretary, when the printing has been ordered by
the Senate, if it could not be done by the public
printer, to so and have it done by somebody else,
no matter whom. Thatresolution was submitted,
requiring that the printing that had been ordered,
and the printing that may be ordered, and which
■was not executed when needed, should be caused
to be done by the Secretary of the fcenate, 1 care
not by whom. There are half a dozen good print-
ing establishments in this city that can do our
work, and wilt do our work, and put it upon our
tables as fast as we need it; and they will do it at
twenty per cent, below tiie price paid in 1819, and
'still leave them a remunerative compensation
after fail to execute any printing for the Senate in due time
or proper order, and according to contract, then, in every
case, pa&t and future, it shall fee tbe4uty of the Secretary
nf tiie Senate to procure such printing to be done immedi-
ately by some printer or printers, and allow snch printer or
printers the price paid in 1819, with a reduction of twenty
per cent, on that price, requiring the printing to be done in
the same style of workmanship."
Mr. BENTON". I submitted that as a business
paper, as a business proceeding, steering clear of
all qitestions'of abuses, to enable us to do our
work. It is my opinion, if it were adopted at this
moment, we should go on and have our printing
done, and know what we are about.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
printins the report.
Mr. FOOTE. Is the number left blank ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. BORLAND. I propose to fill the blank
with twenty five hundred.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on concurring in the report of the committee.
Mr. HALE. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing in what style
.this printing is to be done, and whether he is in-
formed as to the probable cost?
Mr. BORLAND. Thcv are to be printed in
the usual style of public documents. As to the :
price, I cannot tell. I suppose it will not be a
very expensive document.
Mr. BENTON. 1 am against ordering any
public printing, unless I know what it will cost,
and when it will be done.
Mr. BRIGHT. The report of the committee
is not satisfactory to my mind. The disclosure
made by the Senator from New Hampshire shows
that there is a prodigal waste of the public money
in the printing of such documents. Here is print-
ing done without any law, which cost about three
dollars per copy, when, if it had been printed un-
der a contract, it could have been done, I venture
to say, for twenty-five cents per copy. This is a
document that 1 wish to see printed; but until
there is some data, some principle established, by
which to pay for such a work, I am unwilling to
order the printing of any more public documents,
and I shall resist all propositions to print books or
documents, of any size, until there is some fixed law
to pay for the work. I agree with the Senator from
Missouri. His resolution, I think, will cover the
whole ground, and, if it is adopted, the treasury
will be safe. But, as it is, I consider it unsafe;
and for the purpose of disposing of this question,
I I move to lay the motion to print upon the table.
1 Mr. BENTON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will do so, if the Senator
desires it.
Mr. BENTON. I desire to say but a few
words. Mr. Jones mrtde his report, and as he
was not disposed to wait one or two years for the
public printer lo print it, and as he had no idea of
trusting Ins report in the hands of those printers
to print without his revision, he went to Mr.
Gideon's, and got a thousand copies printed at his
own expense for distribution. I think- that by to-
morrow 1 can get the bill from Mr. Gideon, which
will show what was the cost of printing the works
for Mr. Jones. I can also produce a copy of the
document, and we shall then have something to go
by as to price, style, and workmanship.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have but a single word to
say on this subject. It seems to me that Senators
are under a great misapprehension in relation to
the printing of this document. It has been com-
municated by a department, and if ordered to be
printed, it will be printed like all other documents
under the law regulating the style of printing and
the work. There is no ambiguity about it such as
the Senator from Indiana supposes. I think there
is no foundation for the objections which have been
made. We know what it will cost precisely,and we
know the style in which the work is to be done.
It is like all other documents. I interpose no
objection to its lying over another day; but I do
interpose serious objection to these charges, thus
which every workman ou ht to have. My reso- i gratuitously made, without any point or specifica-
lution was to that effect. Will the Secretary do 1( tion to them.
me the favor to read it?
The Secretary read it as follows ; |
"Resolved, That in ail cases.in which the printers for tlie
Senate of the present Congress have failed, or shall here-
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not mistaken, if the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire be correct, in stating
that the printing of this report does not come
under any one of the five rules which control the i
public printing at this time, but is of the class of
printing which he shows to have coat over three
dollars per copy, when it should have cost tests
than a dollar.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the very point in the
case. The Senator from New Hampshire is mis-
taken. These papers are communicated to us
from a department, and by us are ordered to be
printed; and (hey come within the terms of the
law and the contract. That is the fact about it.
Mr. BORLAND. There is a mistake, which a
single word will explain. This is not a case like
the one alluded to by the Senator from New
Hampshire at all. It is a case of ordinary print-
ing. It is a communication from one of the de-
partments, and the proposition is, that the print-
ing shall be done in the common way. The case
alluded to by the Senator from New Hampshire
is one totally different. The pamphlet to wliich
he refers was a decision of the Supreme Court,
and from the peculiar wording of the resolution
relating to the public printing, the public printers
supposed they had a right to make a different
chargc for that work. That was not a document
of the same soit which it is now proposed to print.
This is a document coming from the Secretary of
the Interior, one of the ordinary character, and
coming within the terms of the contract, and is to
be printed in the ordinary manner.
Mr. HALE. I did not undertake to say whether *
it came under this class or not. I simply said, it
became us to know whether it was or was not
within one of these five classes, or whether it was
of a class for which they might charge at the rate
of thirty-seven thousand dollars for printing, ten
thousand copics. That was done under the fifth
class.
A Senator. Oh, no.
Mr. HALE. Somebody says, "Oh, no." I
say it was so. You will find stated on the twenty-
fifth page of the pamphlet the various kinds of
printing to be done, and then cornels this general
clause, under which this charge was made, for all
other matter not above enumerated. Under that
clause a construction was put upon this work;
instead of two dollars per hundied copies,.they
construed it to mean two dollars per page for one
hundred copies; that was done under the fifth class
of the printing of the Senate.
A Senator. Did they establish the rule?
Mr. HALE. I am asked if they established
the rule for themselves. They did establish it for
themselves, and, under it, charged $37,000; but
one of the individuals interested, addressed a let-
ter to the Secretary of the Senate, and objected to
receiving so large a sum, and consented to receive
only $12,500 ! My impression is, that a fair price
for the woik, as I read the contract, would have
been about ^400.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to stop debate upon
this subject, but as I am satisfied that some arrange-
ment will be made at an- early day by which the
prilltino- will be done satisfactorily, 1 think we may-
postpone this matter for the present. I move,
I therefore, in consequence of the necessity of con--'
' sidering other pressing and important matters,
that this subject be laid upon the table for the
present.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BADGER. It is very obvious to every
gentleman in the Senate, that the business of the
Senate absolutely requires that we should meet at
an earlier hour than twelve o'clock. We have
now arrived at a period when it is usual to meet
earlier. That usage is enforced upon us by the
business of the Senate. I therefore offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Ordered, That from and after this day, the daily h«ur of
the incetms of the Senate shall, until otherwise ordeied, be
eleven o'clock, a. n).
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution lies
ove'r one day under the rules.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to ask that the resolution
may be adopted by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE. 1 object. «.
So the motion was laid over one day.
DEBATES IN THE CALIFORNIA COS VENTIOJf.
Mr. WALKER. On the 15th of April last, a
resolution was adopted by the Senate* directing
the Secretary of the Senate to purchase tivo thou-
sand copies of the debates ot the California Con-
vention, with a proviso that the same should be
