1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
furnished at a rate not exceeding the- price at
which it shal! be furnished to subscribers. The
publisher of the book says that there#are no sub-
scribers, and there is nothing, therefore, to guide
the Secretary in estimating the price of the book.
The publisher has fixed his price, and charges two
dollars per copy for it. The Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses has been consulted by the Sec
retary of the Senate, and though I do not offer the
resolution which I present as from the Committee j
on Contingent Expenses, 1 believe I have their j
concurrence, for 1 have no doubt the price is ex-
travagantly high. I have a letter from the pub-
lisher, Mr. Brown, which concludes in this man-
ner:
" I have only a word to say, in conclusion—that whatever
the result may be, and whatever the loss may be to myself,
I have fixed my terms, and shall not, under any considera-
tion^ depart Irom them."
As a member of the committee—and, as I be-
lieve, other members of the committee agree—I
think it is an exorbitant and extravagant price,
and that the Senate will not be justified in paying
that price for such a book, which is not adapted
for general circulation. With that view I offer the
following resolution:
Rcsolr&h That the resolution of the Senate, Adopted the
55th day of Aprilla<t, authorizing the purchase from John ■
Ross Brown of two thou-and copies ot the Debates in the '
California Convention be, and the 9ame is hereby, re- (
scinded."
Mr. BENTON. Did I understand the Senator ;
to say, that two dollars was the price charged for ;
that work ? j
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir; that is the price. i
Mr. BENTON. Why here is a woik, which ]
I hold in my hand, [holding up Hickey's United 1
States Constitution,] the price of which is one j
dollar. A great part of this work is what is j
called u rule and figure work," the price of which, .
it is well known, is much higher than common I
plain printing. j
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to make a personal ex- j
planation with respect to the resolution offered by I
myself authorizing the Secretary of the Senate to
contract for the debates of the California Conven-
tion. As to the form of the resolution, it was
drawn up in a very cautious and circumspect man-
ner by one of our officials, whom I consulted, and
who drew it in the customary form. For the ex-
traordinary price demanded I am not at all respon-
sible. I say this to acquit myself from all respon-
sibility with regard to it. I took it for granted
that the book was tD be sold, and that the price
for which it was sold to ordinary purchasers
would be a reasonable one. But if the gentleman
chooses to demand more than is a reasonable price,
I am not responsible. I think the price is very
much more than it is worth, though it contains
much which is valuable for the purpose of under- j
standing the important question under discussion !
here. j
Mr. WALKER asked the unanimous consent j
that the resolution might be considered at this |
time.
Objection was made, and consequently the reso-
lution lies over under the rule.
MILITARY RECONNOISSANCE.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which lies over under the rule:
Rs,sol red, That the Secretary of the Department of W.u-
furnish the Senate as soon as practicable with a copy of a
journal ot military reconnoistance from Santa l<'e to the
Navajo country, made in 1849, by lieutenant J. H. Simpson, 1
of the corps or Topographical. Engineers, together with
copies of the map and sketches belonging to said recoa-
noidsance.
THE CUBAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to move that the Sen-
ate tf.ke up for consideration the message of the
President of the United States in relation to the
Cuban affair. I desire to have it taken up with a
view to propose its reference to a committee. I do
not desire to discuss the subject at tins time, and if
any other gentleman wishes to discuss it now, I
shall agree to postpone the consideration of the
motion to any convenient time.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senator from
Florida will not press the motion which he hns
submitted. It will be recollected that the Senator
fiom Iowa has the floor upon the consideration of
the resolution which was before us yesterday, and
which I - trust it is the purpose of the Senate to
consider to-day, in order that final action may be
had upon it. If tins message is taken up, the con-
sideration of it may lead to debate. If the motion
of the Senator from Florida shal! be withdrawn,
and the resolution relating to removals from office
be taken up, after the remarks of the Senator from
Iowa shall be made, I hope a vote may be had
upon it.
Mr. YULEE. I do not feel at liberty to with-
draw the motion, because upon the receipt of the
message it was laid on the table at my motion.
Ordinarily it is eustomary to order the printing of
such communications at once; but, as I stated at'
the time, I did not move it, well knowing that if
once committed to the printer we should probably
see no more of it till the next session. I have
therefore thought it my duty to make this motion
now, in order that the Senate may have an early
opportunity to decide the disposition it will prefer
to make of the message. 1 will say that I have
examined the papers accompanying the message,
and, however much other gentlemen may differ in
the conclusion after a perusal of them, I cannot help
feeling strongly convinced that the proceedings of
the Executive have been in several respects re-
markably violative of the Constitution of the coun-
try. It has appeared to me that the matter ousht
not to pass over without notice, and it seemed to
me desirable that it should undergo the examina-
tion of a committee before it is taken up here. It
is with that purpose that I have asked to take it up
now.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to inquire if it is to be
taken up simply for reference? *
Mr. YULEE. ft is. If any debate arise upon
it, 1 will of course consent to have it passed over.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I would ask
the honorable member from Florida how he sup-
poses that this can pass without debate, after such
remarks as he has made. lie expressed a very
strong opinion criminative of the course of the
Administration. That is debate. Every member
who entertains the same opinion may express it,
and all who entertain opposite opinions may ex-
press them. That is debate. I care not how
| soon this subject shall come up to be discussed.
; I rather wish myself, though I am not anxious to
! enter into debates ordinarily, to set forth what I
I hold the country bound to do, under its obligations
! and stipulations with Spain,and other governments
| of Europe, made during the last twenty years,
j The declaration of opinion made by the honor-
j able member from Florida against the course
: which the President has taken, and then the dec-
j laration of opinion made by him that this resolu-
1 tion might pass without debate, reminds me of
what occurred in my professional practice many
| years ago. A man, not much experienced in the
i; affairs of this world, had a very important case.
J| The most eminent counsel m the State were en-
|| ga^ed. When the first counsel made his very able
■ j argument, the good man said, " It is not necessary
i| to say another word; now let the jury go out and
ji decide it." (Laughter.)
j] Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I have simply a
|j word to say. At the time I had the honor of hear-
jj ing the very perspicuous speech of the honorable
!| Senator from Massachusetts, declarative of his
!! views on the question involved, I had thought that
ji it would be necessary for some one differing with
j; him on that question to present the opposite views,
jj I would state as an additional reason to show that
!■ a debate, and probably an extended debate, would
:i be likely to spring up on the message of the Pres-
i ident, that the speech of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has yet gone unanswered. 1
hope, therefore, that the honorable Senator from
Florida will see the impropriety of pressing his
resolution, when a debate is certain to spring up
on it, and particularly when there are other im-
portant questions to be disposed of.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, the question
which presented itself to my mind was as to the
proper time for discussion on this subject. I have
no doubt that the subject deserves discussion, and
that it will receive discussion. But it we pass this
subject over until the whole mass of papers sub-
mitted can be printed, there can be no examination
and no discussion at this session. I suppose that,
hy referring the papers to a committee, they would
be able to examine and digest them, and report
upon them in such manner as to place every Sen-
ator in possession of the facts in the case. Such
report might be made within a week, and all the
facts might be made known. The report might
be printed very soon, and discussion might pro-
ceed at once. My object, therefore, was to move
the reference without discussion, in order thatdis-
cussion might take place on a knowledge of the
facts, as they might be ascertained by a committee
of this body.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr- President, I simply rise
for the purpose of seating that the declaration and
doctrine of the honorable Senator from Florida,
on the present occasions is not exactly consistent
with his doctrine and action on a recent occasion
on this subject. When the Senator from Florida
first introduced this subject, he did not content
himself with simply offering a resolution calling
for information, but discussed the whole subject
at large, and gave occasion to the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to deliver that speech, of
his alluded to just now. The general views con-
tained in that speech are necessary to be answered,
I suppose, by some of ns who entertain different
opinions. The honorable Senator from Florida is
not acting consistently with himself, when he now
urges us to act upon a subject, and dehate it after-
wards. His course formeily was, debate first and
action afterwards. I will, therefore, move to lay
the whole matter on the table.
Mr. YULEE. I appeal to the gentleman from
Mississippi to withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. FOOTE. I will withdraw it with the un-
derstanding that I shall have an opportunity of
renewing it when the honorable Senator shall have
concluded.
Mr. YULEE. I perceive that it is the desire
of Senators to discuss this matter previous to refer-
ence. I shall not, therefore, press the motion
now; but I give notice that I shall take the earliest
convenient opportunity to ask that the subject be
taken up, either for discussion or reference, as may
be desired by the Senate. ^ s
Mr. FOOTE. I will now renew my motion to ,
lay the whole subject on the table.
The motion was agreed to. v
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the order of the
day.
Mr. CLAY. It is with very great regret that I
rise to express a hope that the Senate will not re- v
sume the subject which was under discussion yes-
teiday.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject is not
now under discussion. The question is: Will the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of the
order of the day.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to,
Mr. CLAY. Yesterday, sir, I was in hopes
that the question would be taken upon this resolu-
tion. I understood it could be taken in half an
hour; but, instead of that, a very exciting and
animated discussion arose, which consumed the
whole day, and which, if it is to be continued in
the spirit in which it was conducted yesterday,
will consume the whole week. If there were any
practical benefit to result from this measure other
than that which may have been obtained by the
discussion of the principle connected with the«x-
ercise of the pbwerof dismissal and appointment
to office, I should not be desirous of interposing
any objection; and I would not now, if I had not*
consulted the Senator from Iowa, who said that he.
should not deem it unkind if the subject should be
laid over to another time. If he had any desire
to finish his speech to-day, I would not have in-
terposed, but I understand he has not. I have
myself a wish to express some of the opinions •
which I hold upon this resolution, and when I do
so I wish to do it altogether. f
Now, let me suppose the resolution adopted, is
there a Senator here who believes that any other
answer will be returned than that the Executive
conceives it is not authorized, or rather, is re-
strained by his own view of the Constitution from
making any communication? Does anybody be-
lieve there will be any other answer? It is, then,
mere discussion upon a high party topic out of
time, when there is a question before the counpy
on which, perhaps, depends the decision whether
the Union shall exist so as to foster any party,
and one upon which a painful degree of interest is
felt as to its disposal, one way or the other. I
hope, therefore, it will not be the pleasure of the
Senate to consider that subject further now. I
will therefore move to lay u upon the table, that
