36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, in resuming the
seat which I occupy in this body, it has been my
desire to take the lead upon no subject', and of no
party, but to perform in the best manner lean the
duties incident to my position. I should have of-
fered a proposition similar to that which the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia has presented, but
from this disinclination on my part to appear to
propose to take the lead in any matter.
Sir, 1 approve of that resolution, and I have
arisen for the purpose of expressing my concur-
rence in it. Indeed, unless some other Senator
desire it, I do not see any necessity for its post-
ponement. I think it might be adopted now, for
by so doing we can gain one or two days.
With respect to precedents upon this subject, 1
am unadvised, though 1 have no doubt they could
be found. When the same state of things existed
a few years ago in the House, it is well known
that the Senate proceeded in the discharge of its
executive duties. But, sir, in the absence of all
precedents in a case so rare and so much to be re-
fretted—such as that which exists in the other
ranch of Congress—the importance of the case
will supply the absence of precedents.
The only difficulty that occurred to my mind
related to the deference and respect due to the other
House. But a moment's reflection satisfied me
that it was impossible that any member of that
House could take umbrage or exception at our
proceeding to discharge our executive duties. So
far from it, I should think that directly the reverse
of that sentiment would prevail; that it would be
a matter of congratulation to them that, while
they labored under an inability to perform their offi-
cial-functions, which they as well as we regretted,
the other branches of the Government could go on
in the performance of their duties. It does not,
therefore, appear to me that any imputation can be
made to this body of wanting in respect and def-
erence to the other branch of the National Legis-
lature, and I am at a loss to comprehend any ob-
jections to this course on the part of the Senate.
The Senate, as is well known, occupies two re-
lations to the House of Representatives—both a
legislative and judicial one; and a third relation,
having no connection with it—a relation to the ex-
ecutive department of the Government. Now, sir,
though we are not able to cooperate with the
House, it certainly forms no reason why we should
not perform our duties as a component part of the
Executive of the country. I need not eay, sir,
what is well known to every Representative of the
cSuntry, that there must be a large mass of exec-
utive business to be attended to. At the commence-
ment of a new Administration it must necessarily
be so. If we can proceed, then, to the considera-
tion of executive business, so far from the House
taking exceptions to our course, it ought to be
pleased that we shall be enabled to go on with the
public business when they shall be ready, unob-
structed by any of those matters which fall exclu-
sively within the relations of this body to the Ex-
ecutive.
These are the views which, 1 confess, early
presented themselves to me, and 1 do not think
any one will doubt the propriety of the course
which the Senator from Georgia has presented to
us. And I repeat that I do not perceive the
slightest objection to the immediate adoption of
t ie resolution notifying the President of the fact
that we are ready to proceed to such business, as
we can gain two or three days by this course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution,
according to the rules of the Senate, must lie upon
the table one day, unless it be considered by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DOUGLAS hoped that as it required unan-
imous consent, there would be no objection on
the part of any Senator.
Mr. MASON called for the reading of the reso-
lution; and it was read by the Secretary.
The resolution being then considered, by unan-
imous consent, it was adopted.
Mr. BERRIEN moved that the committee be
appointed by the Chair; which was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Berrien, Mason, and Felch.
The committee immediately left the Chamber,
and returning after an absence of about thirty min-
utes, made the following report, viz:
The committee appointed by the Senate to wait
upon the President, and notify him of the organi-
sation of the Senate, have performed that duty;
[and in reply, hs has stated that he would commu-
'nicate to the Senate, in answer to that communica-
'tion, on Monday.
i Mr. DICKINSON gave notice that he would on
Monday next move that the Senate proceed to the
election of the standing committees of this body.
; Mr. BERRIEN desired the honorable Senator
to designate the hour at which he would move the
election.
Mr. DICKINSON, in reply, said one o'clock.
On.motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 15, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
There was a general demand over the House
that the toll should be called on the election of
Speaker.
SITTING OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. L1TTLEF1ELD rose, and said he desired
to offer a resolution, which he would send to the
Clerk's table.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will not adjourn to-day until the
choice of a Speaker is effected.
ORDER IN THE HOUSE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose and
said that he desired also to offer a resolution,
which he would send to the Clerk's table. It
would be seen that the object of the resolution was
to preserve the order of the House.
The resolution, which was m the following
words, was then read:
Resoloed, Tnat the Sergeant-at-Arms anil Doorkeeper are
hereby auuionztd and directed lo cntorce the seventeenth
rule of the lasi House of Representatives ; and tnat no per-
son be admitted to the iadtes' gallery unless accompanied
j by ladies, or introduced in pei&on by membcus ol Congress.
II Mr. THOMPSON asked that tiie rule which
' related to the admission of strangers might be
! read.
i! And it was read, as follows:
:t " No person,eAc«-pt Members ol*the Senate, tlieir Seere-
] j tary, I h-;uts or Department®? Treasurer, Comptrollers, ltegis-
ji ter, Auditors, postmaster General, Pie&ident's Secretary,
j: Chaplains to Congress, Judges ol Uie United States, Foteign
ji Ministers and tlieir Secretaue.-*, Oliicers who, hy name,
. t have received, or fchall liereaftei leceive the thanks ol Con-
i gre&s tor their gallantry and good condnct displayed in the
; service ot Uieir country, Uie Commissioners ot the Navy
i Board, Governor tor the time being ot any State or Tern-
| tory in the Union, such gentlemen as have been II<:;,d^ of
;, Departments or Members of either branch ot the National
'; Logislatuie, and, at the discretion of the Speaker, persons
, who iielong to -ii.il legislatures ot foreign Governments as
are in u.iluij with the United States, shall be admitted vvitli-
' i in the Hall oi the House ot itepreseiitative?."
; [This is the seventeenth rule of the last House
! of Representatives.]
|! Mr. WENTWORTH rose and said, that he
would suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
j! nta [Mr. Thompson] so to modify his resolution
I! as to include the rule which regulated admission
into the ladies' gallery.
Mr. THOMPSON expressed his readiness ao
to modify his resolution.
j It was here suggested that there was no rule ap-
, plicable to the ladies' gallery, but that the ad-
mission into it was regulated by usage.
j The Clerk said that the usage had been that
I no gentlemen should be admitted into that gallery
| unless they were accompanied by ladies,
i Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, corrected the
i statement of the Clerk in this particular—that
! the usage had been that gentlemen should not be
i admitted into that gallery except they were aecom-
i panied by ladies, or were introduced by a inem-
| ber of the House.
The Clerk. That is correct, sir.
j Mr. THOMPSON repeated that he had no ob-
| jection to modify his resolution in the manner sug-
gested by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went-
i worth.]
i Before the question was taken, he (Mr. T.) de-
sired simply to remark, that in presenting the
' resolution lie designed to cast no reflection either
upon the Sergeant-at-Arms or the Doorkeeper.
Those gentlemen had performed their duty as
well as they could perform it. He had no desire
; to exclude the people, but he thought it was lrn-
| portant just at this time that the House should
' be as clear from a crowd as possible.
I The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and decided m the affirmative with-
out a division.
! So the resolution, as modified, was adopted.
SITTING OF THE HOUSfc.
The Clerk then stated the question to be on
the adoption of the resolution of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Littlefield,] providing that
no adjournment of the House should take place
until an election of Speaker had been effected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
resolution be laid on the table.
And the question having been taken on that
motion, it was decided in the affirmative without a
division.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and said, he would
state to the House that if the Democratic party
desired to organize the House, by the choice of a
Democratic Speaker, they could do so by support-
ing William Strong, the Representative of the
Berks district, in Pennsylvania. If the Demo-
cratic party would vote for Mr. Strong, he could
be elected.
The House then proceeded to vote, viva vocl, for
Speaker.
Messrs. HiLLiARDof Alabama, Strong of Penn-
sylvania, Doer of New York, and Miller of
Ohio, resumed their seats at the Clerk's table as
tellers to count the vote.
The roil was then called the forty-fifth time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 226; necessary to a choice 114,
of which—
Mr. Boyd received 82
Mr. Stanly 55
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens 24
Mr. Potter 22
Mr. Winthrop 20
Mr. Morehead 8
Mr. William Strong 3
Mr. Schenck.    1
Mr. Outlaw 1 •
Mr. Howell Cobb 1
Mr. Robinson 1
Mr. James Thompson 1
Mr. Frederick P. Stanton 1
Mr. Kaufman 1
Mr. Baker 1
Mr. Disney 1
Mr. Duer 1
Mr. McClernand 1
Mr. Tuck   1
226
The following is the vote in detail:
For Linn Boyd—Messrs. Albertson, Ac-he, Averett, Bav,
Bayly, Beale, fiissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Buit, George A. Caldwell,
Howell Cobb, VV. R. W. Cobb, Colcoek, Daniel, Dunham,
Edmundson, Ewmg, Featherston, Fuller, Gilrnore, Gorman,
Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Har-
man;on, I«-ham G. Hams, Sampson W. Ilatris, Thomas L.
Harris, Ilibbatd, liolladaj , Holmes, Howard, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La S6re, Leffler,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDowell,
McLanahan, Robert M. MeLane, McMullen, McQueen,
McWiihe, Meade, Miller, Million, Morse, Orr, Parker,
Peaslee, Phelps-, Powell. Richaidson, Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelie, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, R.
H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, William Thompson,
Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, YVtldrick, Woodward, and
Young.
For E. Stanly—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Ashmun,
Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Biiggs, Chester Bailer, Thoma-B.
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, De-
berry, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Gould, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Iienry, Hous-
ton, Kerr, James G. King, John A. King, Marshall, Mc-
; Gaughey, Finis E. McLean, Moore, Morehead, Morton,
! Phcenix, Pitman, Risley, Rose, Rumsey, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thur-
1 man, Underhill, Van Dv kc, Vinton, Watkins, White, Wil-
! hams, and Winthrop.
I For TacuHeus Stevem—Messrs. Allen, Campbell, (J rowel I,
i Dickey, Goodenow, Gott, Gnnncll, liowc, Hunter, Jack-
! son, Daniel P. King, Levin, Horace Mann, N>?, Ogle, Ous,
i Putnam, Reynolds, Rockwell, Root, Sackett, Schenck.
; Sprague. and Tuck.
j For E. D. Potter—Messrs Bingham, Booth. Buel, Joseph
i Cable, Caitter, Cleveland, Dimmick, Doty, Fitch, Harlan,
i Hoag'aud, Mortis Peek, Srer?on, Strong, Sweetser, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wciitm>?th, Whittle ey, Wood, and Gerry.
ForR. 0 Winthrr<p~M e r-;\ Alexander, Alston, Bennett,
Brooks, Burrows, Clarke, Conger, Corwiri, Dixon, Fowler,
Freedlev, Hebard,George G. king, Meacham, Nelson, Reed,
Silvester, Spaulding, Stanly, and VVi^on.
For C, S. Morehead—Messis. E. C. Cabell, Cole,HilHard.
James L. Johnson, McKtssock, Owen, Toombs, and A. H.
Stephens.
For W. S'rong—Me-sra. Durkee, P. King, and Wilmot.
For F. P, Stanton—Mr. Hubbard. *
For Howell Cobb—Mr. Bo>d.
Fori?;. C. Schcnck—Mr. Baker.
For David Outlaw—Mr. Clingman.
For J. L. RoHnson-yix, Disney.
