1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I IS I
we may proceed to the consideration of the com-
promise resolutions.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will withdraw that motion for a moment,
that I may make a single remark. * #
Mr. CLAY. I will do so, with the understand-
ing that the Senator from Mississippi Vill renew
the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa consent to yield the floor?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am willing to leave the
matter to the decision of the Senate, whether I shall
proceed with my remarks to-day or at a future time,
Mr. FOOTE. i knew perfectly well, that the
Senator from Iowa would agree to withdraw his
claim to the floor for to-day. I should be one of
the Irfst members of the'Senate to interfere with
the rights of the honorable Senator. It would be
a thing the furthest from me, because I was ex-
ceedingly anxious to hear him, and I should have
listened to him with as'jnuch interest as any other
Senator. I entertain precisely the same views that
he does upon the whole subject, the same views
which have been announced repeatedly by the
Senator from Maine*. I have no hesitation in say-
ing, that if the Senator does desire to occupy our
attention to-day, and will intimate it, no one will
present any opposition, that I for one will listen
with pleasure. I take it for granted, if he does de-
sire to speak to-day, he will have no hesitancy in
saying so; at the same time, I would say, that if
it wete agreeable to him to withhold his remarks
for a few days, till this other more important sub-
ject shall be disposed of, it would be very gratify-
ing to me and other Senators. The honorable
Senator well know^pthat I called upon him for the
special purpose of ascertaining whether he desired
to address the Senate, and I understood that he did
not. But, if he chooses now to address the Sen-
ate, J repeat again, I shall listen to him with pleas-
ure. I nope that when his remarks are closed,
this subject will be allowed to rest for the present.
It is out of the question, in my judgment, that we I
should be compelled to listen here from day to day
to a subject which we know to be almost inter-
minable, whilst other more important questions
are depending before us.
Mr. DODGE. I have no particular feeling on
the subject. I am willing the Senate should make
such a disposition of the matter as they choose.
Mr. BENTON. I have a notice to give, and
it may as well be given now. We have had the
consideration of one section of the bill relating to
California upon our hands for a month. Now it
is a bill of forty sections, and we have been em-
ployed for a month upon one of them. There are
other important sections. Then there aie the ter-
ritories, upon which we have commenced as well
as upon California hej^elf. And there is a ques-
tion connected with Texas. Now, at the rate we
get on, spending one month upon one clause in
one section, and with other important questions
connected with other sections, as we know there
are, and there being forty sections, it is evident j
that we are not getting near the close of the subT I1
ject. I hare not spoken a word. I have given 'j
the time to others, i have sat here, and am ready i
to vote when my name is called; but frgo against jj
the whole subject, the whole plan, and I have been jj
waiting for three or four weeks to take a vote, upon jj
it, for it is votes which are cardinal in their effects;
it is votes which go to shape the course of gentle-
men, and enable them to see through and guide
their general course upon it. I have been waiting
to have votes taken upon propositions bearing
upon the slavery question in several aspects at the
present time. One presented by the Senator from
Mississippi, another by the Senator from Alaba-
ma, and perhaps soma gentleman may move the
Wilmot proviso. Now, these are cardinal ques- j
tions, and I prefer that we should have an oppor- j
tunity to come to a conclusion, and know how we j
stand on these leading points. I have refrained
from saying a word, or making any motion; but <
my mind has been made up that if this week shall j
pass without settling this California question, I j
shall make a motion to postpose the subject indef- j
iriitely. Monday next is the day when I shall n
make that motion. Till that time I am willing to j,
sit and occupy not a moment of the time, but to jj
vote on all questions. I have made these remarks jj
for the purpose of giving notice that on Monday ;j
next I shall move the indefinite postponement of jj
the whole bill. !'
Mr. CLAY. I thought the Senator from Mis-
sissippi was about to renew my motion.
Mr. FOOTE. I am about to do so if still re-
quired. I knew that the proceedings in the other
wing of the Capitol were such as to make it neces-
sary to proceed with this subject and decide
whether we will take this Joint plan, or proceed to
the consideration of the California question sepa-
rately. I was about to suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky, and' I trust he will receive it in good
feeling, a compromise proposition, one of the best,
I believe, which the nature of the case admits of.
It is to /propose that the Senator from Iowa be
heard, as he desires to be, to-day. He is prepared
now to address us, and i propose, at the close of
his speech that we take up this subject and con-
tinue it till we get through it. I find it will be
gratifying to him to make his speech to-day, and
if the Senator from Kentucky will release me from
my obligation I shall be glad, that the Senator
from Iowa be allowed to go on with his speech, if
other gentlemen will say before I resign the floor
that afterwards no further debate shall take place
to-day upon that subject, and that it shall lie over
for another day. Unless there can be such an un-
derstanding, I feel bound to make the motion to
postpone the subject that we may take up the ad-
justment bill. The Senator from Maine can say
at once whether he is willing that no further de-
bate shall take place this morning. Otherwise, he
knows that an interminable debate may spring up.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not propose to say a
single word further. I believe a vote can be had
on the resolution to-day. I think there will be
little if any debate after the Senator from Iowa
shall close his rematks. I shall hot say a single
word myself.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I will suggest that if the Senator from Iowa shall
speak to-day, I apprehend the debate will not ■
close. I shail probably wish to be heard, and 1
am authorized to say that it will be entirely agreea- j
ble to the Senator from Iowa to yield the floor for
to-day, and he and myself will then take our
chance to be heard some day next week.
Mr. FOOTE. I will make the motion then to
lay this subject on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Sefkte then resumed the consideration of
the bill to admit California as a State into the
Union, to establish territorial Governments for
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
nothern boundaries. *
Mr. TURNEY said: IVIr. President, my object j
is not so much to discuss the particular merits of !
the amendments as it is to notice an article relating ;i
to myself, and others who act with me, which ap-
peared in the Union" of yesterday. I, with !'
otheis, am arraigned before the country as being
opposed to this bill, upon the simple ground of the
particular- provision which it is proposed by the
Senator-from Mississippi to amend. But I will
read an extract of the article. It says:
li It is well know that the CJavton compromise received
the votes of the strict State-rights men from the South in the i1
Senate and in the House of Representatives ; that the ji
ofVouihein politicians, without distinction of party, voted ,j
against Mr. Stephens's motion to lay it on the table; that jj
in the Hou*e of Representatives but eight southern men jj
Mummed that motion—all of them Whigs—and that the h
South fully and entirely sustained the compromise, and de- J,
bounced those who aided the North In defeatingit as traitors ;i
to her cause. -That compromise was passed to n^-third j;
reading in the Senate of the United States by the following n
vote. We ask particular attention tfl the names recoided: ;i
'•The yeas were: Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Benton, ■
Berrien, Borland, Breeze, Bright, Butler,Calhoun, Cla\ton, (]
Davis o( Mississippi, D'ckinson, Douglas Downs, Foote, t;
H.tnne«an, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson i
ot Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis, Mansuni,
Mason. Phi-lps, Rusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Tut- 1
ney, Wescou, and Yulee. r
"Among the nays wt see the names of Messrs. Baldwin, '!
Corvviu, Davis of Massachusetts, Dajton, Pix, Halt, and :J
Niies, the Van Buren Free-Soiler. These men are con-
sistent. How comes it, then, that Messrs. Boriand, Butler, \
Davis of Mississippi, Hunter, Mason, Tamey, and Yuke, !i
vote with them now? But \ye anticipate,and therefore ask i,
two other questions. They are— }!
"1. What propositions lelatjve to slavery were these (j
gentlemen voting for in 1848? and jj
"Q What proposition relative to slavery is now pending .j
befoiethfc National Legi>lature? jj
« We will answer these questiof s by stating the provis-
ions touching slavery m the new territories, embodied in the
Olavton compromise; and then, by >ta?ina the provisions
touching the same subject, embodied in the plan ot adjust-
ment now before Congress.
" Looking to the Clayton compromise, which passed
through the Senate by the vote, we have given above, we
find the following provision rehtfiv< to the territorial govern-
ments therein established, to wit, that the legislative power
of the. said territories— r
" < Shall have power to pass any law for the adminietra-
J tion of justice in said territory which shall not be repugnant
* to this act, or inconsistent with the laws and Constitution
'of the United Ftates. But no law shajl be passed respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or respecting slavery, or
< interfering with the primary disposal of thes^il; and no
(tax shall be imposed upon the property of the United States;
' nor shall (he lands or other property of non-residents be
4 taxed hisrher than the lands or other property of resi-
dent?. AH the laws shall be submitted to the Congress
i of the United States, and, if disapproved, shall be. null and
4 void.' ' ;
Such is the Clayton compromise, as far as thesJavery
question is concerned, and for which the gentlemen whose
names wp have aiven, recorded their votes, about 8 o'clock,
a. m., on Thursday, July the 27th, 1848.
"Let us now examine the provision touching slavery
embodied m the proposed adjustment, which some of those
same gentlemen now oppose with bitter vehemence. It
reads as follows, applying to Utah and New Mexico:
" 1 Jlnd be it further evaded, That the legislative power
' of the termor} shall extend to all rightful subjects of legis-
' Idtion constant with the Constitution of the United Statea
'and the provisions of this act; but no law shall be passed
{interfering with the primary di po>-ai of the soil, nor inre-
($pect to Jijrican slavery; no tax shall be imposed upon {lie
' property of the United States; nor shall the lands or other
'property of non-residents be taxed higher than the lauds or
< other property of residents. All the laws passed by the
(legislative assembly and governor shall be submitted to the
' Congress ot the United States, and, if disapproved, shall be
'null and of no effVct.'
" Now, we ask our readers to compare this provision with
that we have quoted from the Clayton compromise ol 1848,
and tell us the difference between them, so far-as the ques-
tion of slavery is concerned. We have compared them
carefully, for the purpose of detecting any discrepancy; and
after mature deliberation, we <nn see nothing, except that
tlie C.ay ton compromise foibids the passage of any law 're-
specting slavery,' while the proposed adjustment forbids the
parage ot any law lin respect to Jljrican slavery.9 We
inu-t confess it requires better eyes, or worse than ours, to
see any real difference between the two provisions."
I propose to show that this allegation is palpa-
bly untrue. In fact, so far as the reason of my
opposition is concerned, I assert it to be positively
untrue. Although I am in favor of the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, yet if that amendment should fail,
and other important amendments be made, I will
give my vote for the bill, however important I re-
gard the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
The editor of the Union places himself before
the country as a sort of high-priest of the Demo-
cratic party, and proposes to read out of it certain
members of that party because they choose not to
obey his dictation and commands; because they
choose to think and act for themselves; because
they choose to represent their constituents and not
represent Mr. Ritchie, fn that article he has print-
ed the vote on what is called the Clayton compro-
mise bill, which passed this body two years ago,
and very correctly places my vote in fav.or of its
passage. And he then propounds the interroga-
tory, " what is there in this bill in relation to the
great question of slavery that was not in the bill
for which these gentlemen voted two years ago?"
He then goes on, and attempts to show that tho
two bills are precisely the same, and that there is
in fact but the difference of one word, according
to his account. He professes to give an account
from the record, which I shall show before I have
done to be palpably untrue. What are the differ-
ences, then, in point of fact between this bill and
the one for which I voted, the " Clayton compro-
mise bill," two years ago? Why, sir, that was
exclusively a territorial bill. Tffis is a territo-
rial bill and a State bill—a bill to admit a State as
well as to provide governments for the territories.
The former was nothing more nor less than a
territorial bill; and its only provision was to create
territorial governments for the territories of Oregon,
California and New Mexico. That bill was found-
ed, in my judgment, upon the non-interference
doctrine fully and completely, and prevented the
territorial government from legislating upon the
subject of excluding slavery from the territories,
leaving the^rights of the southern people depend-
ant upon the constitutional laws of the United
States, upon which we were then and are now per-
fectly willing to risk our rights.' If we have no
constitutional rights, there is no use in saying any-
thing about the matter, as I have no hopes of any
justice at the hnnds of the North. But if we have
constitutional rights, we desire that they should
be protected and given to us. The Clayton com-
promise bill did this. It stood.upon the non-inter-
vention doctrine. It provided a speedy, renSedy
