1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
For David S. Kaufman—Mr. Inge.
For E-iivarsl D. Baker—Mr. Maiteson.
For David T. Disney-Mr. Olds.
For James Thompson—Mr, Pouer.
For William. Duer—Mr. Thaddeus Steven*.
For John *2. McClernand—M r. James Thorno-son.
For ±5mqs Tuck—Mr. Giddings.
No choice.
The roll was called the forty-sixth time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of
votes given in was 226; necessary to a choice 114-
of which— '
Mr. Boyd received.    .85
Mr. Stanly   * 67
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens 23
Mr. Pot'er   yj
Mr. Winthrop {4
Mr. Morehead 5
Mr. Strong „   5
Mr. Disney    3
Mr. Howell Cobb.  X
Mr, Outlaw.   
Mr. Robinson •  \
Mr. James Thompson.   1
Mr. Tuck   1
Mr. Duer...        1
Mr. Featherston..      1
226
The following is zhevote in detail:
For X'rtn ifoycf—Metsrs. Albertson, Ashe. Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Btssell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G.
Brown, Wm. J. Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Daniel, Dimmiek,
Dunham, Edrnumlson, Ewing, F- ather-ton, Fuller, Gil-
more,Gorman,Gieen, iiackett. ll-tli, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, Harmanson, G. Harris?, Sampson W Har-
ris, Thomas 1* Harris, Hibbaid, Holladav, Howard, Hub-
bard, Andrew Johnson, Robett W. Johnson, Jonns, Kauf-
man, Li Sfcn;, Letfler, Lutlefi'-dd, Job Mann. Mason, Mi-
Clernand, McDowell, Rohert M. McLant-, McMullen, Mc-
Queen. MeWiHie. M-ade, Miller, Miil>on, Morse, Orr, Par-
ker, I'easlee, Phelp~, Powell. Riehard-on, Bobbins, Robm-
con, Ross, Savage, Sawielle, Seddon, Fr< derick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, Joeob Thompson, Jatne*
Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Well-
born, Whittlesey, Wtidrick, Woodward, ar.d Young.
For Zjbcard Stanly—Me&srs. Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Baker, Bcinn.lt, Bokee, Bowie. Breck, Brings. Chester But-
ler, Thomas B. Bntier, Joseph P. Caldwell. Calvin, Casey,
Chandler, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry, Duer,
Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Gould, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hampton. Hay, Haymond, Hemy, Houston,
James L. Johnson. Kerr, James G. King. John A. Kmg^
Levin, Marshall, McGaughey, McKissock, F. E. McLean,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Newell, Outlaw, Phcenix, Pit-
man, Reed, Risley, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck, Sehermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shcpperd, Silvester, Ta\lor, John B. Thomp-
son, Thurman, Undeihdl, Van D>ke, Vinton, Watkins,
White, Williams, and Winthrop.
For Thaddeus Stereris—Messrs. Allen, Ashmun, Camp-
bell, Crowell, Dickey, Frce'dlev, Goodenow, Gou, Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, f>. P. King, II.Many, Nes?, Ogle, Putnam,
Reynolds, Rockwell, Root, Saekett, Sprague, Tuck, and
Wilson.
For £. D. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Buci, J. Cable,
Cleveland, Doty. Fitch, Gerry, Ilarlan, Koagland, Peek,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser. Walden, Waldo, and Wocd.
For R. C. Winthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Brooks, Bur-
row?, Clarke, Dixon, Fowler, Hebard, George G. King,
Matteson, Mcacham, Nelson, Otis, Spauidmg, and Stanly.
For C. S. Morehtad—Me^n. E. C. Cabell, Hilliard, Owen,
A. H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For William Stwnz,—Messrs'. Durkee, P. King, McLana-
han, Wentworth. and VVilmot.
For DavU T. Disne 1/—Mes&rs, Cartter, Morris, and Olds.
For David Outlaw—Mr. CJingman. I
For Howel! Cobb—Mr. Boyd. i
For J Z Robinson—Mr. Disney. |
For  $mos Tuck—Mr. Giddings.
For W. S. Feathcnton—Mr. fnge. j
For James Thompson—Mr. Potn-r. l
For William Duer—Mr, T, Stevens. i
No choice. !
The roll was then called the forty-seventh time, j
when the tellers reported that the whole number of !
votes given was 925; necessary to a choice 113; of j
which— , j
Mr. Boyd received   ob 1
Mr. Stanly.     66 ;
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens 27
Mr. Potter   
10
4
3
2
1
1
1
Mr. Robinson,      j
1
1
1
1
Mr. Winthrop
Mr. Morehead
Mr. Disney...
Mr. S'rong. • •
Mr. Howell C
Mr. Williams.
Mr. Outlaw
Mr. Jacob Thompson.
Mr. Conrad.  
Mr. Duer............
Air. James G. King,..
Mr. James Thompson.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Linn Bojjd— Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett. Bav,
Bayly, Beale, Bissel), Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G.
Brown, William J.Brown, Burt, George A. Caldwell, H.
Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Dunham,
Edmundson Ewinsr, Featherston, Fuller, Gilmore, Gorman,
Green, Haekett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,Haralson, Har-
inanson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, An-
drew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La
S&re, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand,
McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. MeLane, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,- Millson,Morse, Orr,
Parker, I'easlee, Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbing,
Robinson, Ro&s, Savage, Savvtelle, Seddon, F. P.Stanton,
R. H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Jas. Thompson,
William Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, Wildriek, Woodward, and Young.
For Edward Stanly—-Messrs Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashmun, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Chester Butler, T.<
B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chandler, Clarke,Cole,Con-
ger, Conrad, Deberry, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Freedley, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hay,
Hayrnond, Henry Houston, James L. Johnson, Kerr, D. P.
King, James G. Kins, John A.King, Levin, Marshall, Mc-
Rissock, Finis E. McLean, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nel-
son, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phcenix, Pitman, Reed,
Risley, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck, Scherrnerhprn, Scoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman,
Van Dyke, Vuiton, Watkins, White, Williams, and Win-
throp.
For Thaddeus Stevens—Messrs. Allen, Baker, Bennett,
Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Corwin, Dickey, Durkee, Gid-
dings, Goodenow, Gott, Hampton, Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
Horace Mann, Nes, Putnam, Reynolds, Rockwell, Root,
Saekett, Sprague, Tuck, Witeon, and Crowell.
For Emery D. Potter—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Buel, j
J. Cable, Cleveland, Doty, Fitch, Gerry, Harlan, Hoagland, !
Peck. Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Waldo, Wood, Wdlden, |
and Wentworth.
For Robert 0, Wxnthiop—Messrs. Alexander, Brooks
Burrows, Dixon, Fowler, Hebard, George (J. King, Maue-
son, Mcachrim, and Spauldmg.
For Chatlcs^. Morehead—Messrs. Owen, Alexander II.
Stephens, Toombs, and Hiihard.
^ For Daiul T. Dimcy—Messrs. Cartter, Morris, and Olds.
For William Strong—Messrs. Preston King .and Wilmot.
For Ho'iell Cobb—V3r. Boyd.
For Christopher H. Williar/is—Mr. E. C. Cabell.
For David Outlaw—Mr. Ciingman.
For John L. Rubinson—Mr. Disney.
For Jacob Thompson—Mr. Inge.
For James Thompson—Mr. Potter.
F?jr Charles M. Conrad—Mr. Stanly.
For William Duer—Mr. Thaddeus StPvens.
For Jaiacs G. King—Mr. UiiderhiH,
No choice.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, nose and
was understood to say that he did not think there
were two members in the House who did not see
the importance of adjourning for the purpose of
conference. Therefore, with a view to give the
interval between this and the Sabbath day to
that object, he would move that the House do now
adj'ourn until Monday, at twelve o'clock.
Tellers were demanded.
Mr. HOLMES withdrew the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON renewed it.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs. '
Johnson of Arkansas, and Clingman of North
Carolina, were appointed. ;
And the question having been put, the afRrma* i
tive vote stood 114—a majority of the whole num- i
ber present. ]
So the House adjourned until Monday, at twelve ;
o'clock.
House of Representatives,
Washinrton, December 14, 1849.
Sir: In your first number of the Congressional Globe,
sent to my table this morning, you have designated me as a
Whig, by printing my name in italics. This is a mistake.
I am a Democrat.
1 am. most respectfully. >our obedient servant,
JOHN H. SAVAGE.
Kmtor of the (jMaressional Globe,
IN SENATE.
325
Monday, December 17,1849,
Mr. Morton, of Florida, appeared in his seat. '
Mt- DICKINSON gave notice that he would :
call up his motion to proceed to ballot for commit-
tees to-morrow, at one o'clock, p. m.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by W. W. S. Bliss, his Private 1
Secretary.
The message was of an executive character.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business. ,
And, after some time spent therein, the doors j
were reopened, and j
The Senate adjourned. I1
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 17,1849.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and sent to the Clerk's,
table the following resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That if no person have a majority of all the
votes east for Speaker on the next ballot, then upon the
second batloc afieiMhe adoption of this resolution, if any
member shall receive only one less than a minority of the
whole number of votes, tie shall be declared to be elected;
and if no person be elected Speaker on the said second b&l-
i Jot, then upon the next, or third ballot, if any member shall
. receive only two less than a majority, he shall be declared
; elected; and so on, requiring one vote less to elect fer every
, vote taken, until a choice of Speaker is made.
| The resolution having been read—
Mr. ROBINSON moved that it be kid on the
' table.
The Clerk was about to put the question on
; that motion, when—
j Mr. SAWTELLE rose and said, that it was a
, habit in which the members of this House were
I accustomed to indulge to say, when they rose, that
j they did not intend to make long speeches, and
j then to go on and harangue the House in. extenso.
;[ It was not his intension to follow that example,
jj [Cries of "Order!"—"order!"]
j! Mr. S., (continuing.) Gentleman, he said, need
jj not call him to order. He was not often troubled
jj with that disease, so apt to rage in this House,
(j which was sometimes denominated cacoethes Zo-
quendi—a disease worse, if possible, than the Asi-
: atic cholera. 1
:i His friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dimmick,]
1 only on Friday last, introduced a resolution (for
f which he (Mr. S.) felt that he was entitled to the
! thanks of every member of thi? House) cutting
'• off all further debate, and providing that the House
, shall continue to vote, viva voce, for the election
; of Speaker, until that officer should have been
elected. That resolution had been adopted by a
unanimous, or almost a unanimous vote- He ap-
pealed to the members to say whether there was
any binding efficacy in that resolution? Had it no
force? Was it to be regarded merely as a dead
. letter ? There were more reasons than one why
; this House should be organized, and organized
speedily. The masses of the people throughout
the Union were looking to this House with a rest-
less and feverish excitement, calling upon them to
organize. The President of the United States had
1 j doubtless prepared a message which he was wait-
ingtotransmittoboth Houses ofCongress. Proba-
; | bly it was a good one. He (Mr. S.) did not know
j how the fact might be. At any rate he under-
i stood it was pretty good.
[Calls to onler.] >
j Mr. SAWTELLE proceeded. He appealed to
| the members of this House to join with him—to
insist that the House should go on and vote until
some practical result should have been Accom-
j piished. If this were done, then, instead of the
long and loud complaints which were pouring in
■ upon this House from every part of the Confed-
; eracy, that disorder doubly disordered reigned,
i they would elect their Speaker, and send forth the
: welcome intelligence to the North and the South,
' the East and the West, that " order reigned in
; Warsaw."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose and
called the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Sawtelle]
; to order.
i Mr. SAWTELLE said he had said all he desired
1 to say.
Mr. THOMPSON said, if that were so, he had
' nothing further to say.
Mr. SAWTELLE. I call for a vote.
1 The resolution was again read.
The Clerk stated the question to be on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robin-
son,] that the resolution be laid on the table.
And the question on that motion was taken and
decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
[Cries of " Call the rell; call the roll."]
Mr. STANLY rose and said: Before the Clerk
j proceeds to call the roll, I desire to trespass on the
attention of the House a moment.
: 1 rise respectfully to request thosegentlemen who
have Eoted for me to discontinue doing so. I de-
I sire to repeat what i stated the other day, that I
1 do not feel able, (in the presence of others so mucfe
j better qualified to discharge the duties of the Chair)
' to undertake them, even supposing 1 coutd be elect-
