118$
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
for the adjustment of the question whether slavery
should or should not exist in the territories. That
bill left the matter to the Supreme Court, and thus
every right given by the Constitution was com-
pletely secured to the South.
How is it in relation to the bill.now before us?
For I propose to respond very briefly to the inter-
rogatory put by the would be high-priest of the
Democratic party. How does this bill stand?
Why, sir, there is a provision for rhe admission of
a State into the Union, and that State, too, con-
taining the identical territory to which the Clay-
ton bill gave a territorial government, and embra-
cing all the territory which I regard to be of much
consequence or importance, with a provision pro-
hibiting slavery within the limits of that State. But !
if that were all, the bill would not be so very objec-
tionable. But, further, what is the measure into
the support of which Mr. Ritche tries to whip the
Democratic party in this body ? This bill includes
territory enough within the limits of the proposed
State of California to constitute at the lowest cal-
culation three States, one or two of them south of
the Missouri compromise line, 36°30'. And this,
too, when it is proposed that this State of Califor-
nia,with tbisimmense boundary,shall beadmitted,
not for the purpose of its remaining one State, for
no man contemplates any such thing. None be-
lieve that California is to remain for all time to
come one State, with such immense limits. The
friends of the bill contemplate no such thing. The
chairman of the committee that reported this bill
has proclaimed to the Senate and to the country,
that at a subsequent period, whenever it may be
deemed necessary, other States may be admitted
from the State of California. In the mean time the
constitution of that State is to answer the important
purpose of the Wilmot proviso to the surplus ter-
ritory within that State. That constitution is to
prohibit slavery, and make it perfectly certain that
whatever States may be formed out of California,
they will come into the Union as free States; for
it is provided by the Constitution of the United
States that no State shall be divided into two or
more States without the assent of said State. It
would then require the assent of both States—that
i*,,of the people forming the new State to be ad-
mitted from California as well as of the people of
the State of California. The State of California
would never give her consent to forming a slave
State out of her territory, after she herself had
been admitted as a free State. I take it, then, that
so far as the admission of California is concerned,
with her present boundaiies, it is nothing less than
the Wilmot proviso in its most effective, and there-
fore most odious and offensive form. Offensive,
because, being in the form of a State, we cannot
test its constitutionality, as we could and would do
if applied to a territorial irovernment, and yet the
ffleet, if not the exclusive object, is to exclude
slavery from territory hereafter to be admitted as
a State or States. There is, then, some difference
between the Clayton compromise bill, and that
now before us, called by Mr. Ritche " the adjust-
ment. "
The Clayton compromise bill left Texas the en-
joyment of her rightful boundaries. It only pro-
posed to provide governments for the territories of
Oie^on, California, and New Mexico.
The Clayton compromise bill did not propose to
purchase from Texas some ten degrees of territo-
ry, and enou^j? of it south of 36° 30' to form at
least two additional States, which, if permitted to
remain in the State of Texas, would remain slave
territory, and which, if admittad into the Union
from the State of Texas, will inevitably be admit-
ted as slave States. But if we take them from
under the constitution of Texas, and put them into
a territory subject to the Wilmot proviso, we
would enlarge the subject of contention, and they
will be finally admitted as free States. Here is a
proposition, then, which did not exist in the Clay-
ton compromise bill, of taking from under a slave
constitution ten degiees of territory, and convert-
ing it into ftee soil. There was no such proposi-
tion as that in the Clayton compromise bill. And
what further is there in this bill? True, the
amount of money to be paid for converting this
slave terntory into free territory is left blank—ten
or fifteen millions will, perhaps, be proposed. It
is, then, proposed to make the people of the South
pay ten or fifteen millions—and pay it for what
purpose? for what benefit? In order that this im-
mtnse teriitory shall fcs taken from them and con-
verted into free territory. Mr. Ritchie can see
nothing in all this, he cannot, for his life, perceive
any difference between this bill and the Clayton
compromise bill.
Mr. Ritchie publishes an extract from the Clay-
ton compromise bill, and then from the bill now
under consideration. The extract which he pub-
lishes from the Clayton£compromise bill, reads as
follows:
"No law shall be passed respecting the establishment of
religion, or respecting slavery, or interfering with the prima-
ry disposal of the public lands."
He says that the only difference between the two
bills is the insertion of the word u African" before
the word "slavery" in the bill now under consid-
eration. He then goes on to show that this is the
only difference between the two propositions.
Mr. President, I propose to show that there are
palpable errors—to call them by no worse name—
in'this bill.The only difference that Mr. Ritchie
can perceive between the two bills is that in one
bill 'the territorial legislature was prohibited from
legislating " on the subject of slavery," and in the
other "on the subjcct of African slavery." On
looking at the Clayton compromise bill, a true
copy of which I have procured from the Secretary,
I find that the provision is in these words:
"But no law shall bo passed respecting the ptohibition or
I establishment ot jSjrican sldveiy."
j The Clayton compromise bill was reported in
| language identical t'o that of the bill now under
I consideration. TheSenate,includingmyselfamong j
j others, was dissatisfied with this identical lan- i
guage, which Mr. Ritchie has fallen so deeply in j
love with. A majority of the Senate, being dis- j
satisfied with the language of that bill as reported, ;
stiuck it out, and inserted what i have just read ;
to the Senate. Mr. Ritchie did not then under- \
take to denounce the whole Senate for thus amend- !
mg the bill. He did not then perceive that the j
Senate had done wrong. He did not then com- j
plain of the action of the Senate; but now, sir, he j
complains most lustily, and he gives us what he \
calls a true record, when it turns out that he has !
t| not examined the record, or, if he has examined |
t' it, that he has given a false or untrue account of it.
i( Mr. Ritchie, at his own pleasure, assigns rea-
!; sons for the conduct of gentlemen who have acted
ij with me in opposition to this bill. I would repeat
j{ that, so far as I am individually concerned, the
;; reasons assigned by him are untrue, dfe have not
j! the semblance of truth to sustain them. I consider
: 1 the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi as
a great improvement of the bill; but my vote shall
Ji not depend upon the adoption of that amendment,
•! becaudfe if it be rejected and other impoitant
:j amendments be made, I shall vote for the bill.
;J But, sir, Mr. Ritchie proceeds in his article and
j'1 says:
jl " This is bi-tory, font is derived from the public records;
|! and yet. shange to sav, some of'the gentleim n who,
;' than two yeats ago, -sustained the Clayton compromise, and
denounced before their southtm consilturncies thot.« wlm
; dfloated that compromise, are now moving heaven and
ji earth to defeat an adjustment, gtw'n?, their principal
!, rci/son, a clause identical u Uk the similar clause of the C/aufon
compromise. Taking aU these things into consideration, what
j are we to think? The friends ol the proposed adjustment
'j have e.xprosly told its enemies from the South, that they
; weit willing to strike out the feature touching slavery,
| which some gentlemen fiom the South (who h.id voted for
!' the same feature in the Clayton compromise) objected to,
: and that they weic willing to remove then new-found ob-
pjctioiis, by admitting Mr. Pratt's amendment. But even
, that has not proved *.jUHfacforv. Tt, is nil c mystery—alia
!. iriysf.cri/—vknJi arrays southern State-rights men iu the Senate
' sule hj side with Messrs. Hale, Cha<e, ami Seward, under the
II Iciul*of Colonel Benton, and arrays southern Statp-nshts
■! men in the Rouse of Repieventattves by the side of Root,
ij Wentvvorth, Wilmot, and Horace Mann, under the lead of
I! Jo>hua R. Giddmgs."
I1 Sir, it is not true, either, that we are attempting
j. to move heaven and earth. We are not so vain, ,
j or so wicked as to attempt either. How Mr.
/ Ritchie should ascertain that I was opposed to the
; bill, is a matter wholly unknown to me. Certainly
ji I made no speech here against it; certainly I have
not heretofore expressed my opposition to it; in
the couise of this debate. I have never hefore
\ opened my mouth in relation to the subject, ex-
cept in relation to the report of the Committee of
11 Thirteen, which constitutes no part of the bill,
i; Yet Mr. Ritchie assumes to assign for my oppo-
' sirion a icason which I repudiated, and which
I shall show to be untrue. The article then
. proceeds to say, " taking all these things into con-
l' sideration, what are we to think? I think it is a
ii pretty hard question to answer, what we are to
ij think, wl en we look to the gross misrepresenta-
tions and false record presented to the country, of
the reasons assumed by him for others, which
reasons are not true. I think, sir, we might well
exclaim, m his own language, " that in view of all
these things, what are we to think?" [Laughter.]
He then goes on to say:
"It is all a mystery—all a mystery—which arrays south-
ern State-rights men in the Senate side by side with Messrs
Hale, Chase^and Seward, under the lead of Col. Benton."
Well, Mr. President, I should regard it as a very
great mystery if I were to be thus arrayed. Mr.
Ritchie seems to have forgotten that "those who
Itve in glass houses ought riot to throw stones.91
Where does he stand ? Where is he now to be
found ? Where is he who arraigns me and others
for the company in which we find ourselves?
Why, sir, he is not side by side with the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wkbster,] for they would not let him stand
there, but he is attempting to hang on to their coat-
tails. [Laughter.] He has forgotten his old po-
sition. He has left his old friends. He, too, is
found in strange company, and advocating and
supporting strange doctrines. Before, therefore,
he undertakes to reprimand others, he-had better
look a little at home, and see how he stands in re-
lation to his own course. But, sir, if I am to be
found ai all with the company here mentioned, it
will be only in a single and solitary vote; and,
after that vote shall have been given, we shall
stand as wide apart as the poles. How long is it
since Mr. Ritchie was rallying and fighting under
the banner of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton?] How long since he abandoned his
company? How long sinc^fche commenced de-
nouncing him ? How long has it been discovered
to be unpardonable to be found in company with
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton ?] Very
recently, 1 take it; for I have heard that Mr. Ritchie
would not publish, until very recently, extracts
from papers in Missouri disapproving of the course
oP the Senator from Missouri. Nothing of the
kind could ever find its way into Mr. Ritchie's
paper until very recently, when he found it was
expedient to denounce that Senator; and, since
that time, he has even denounced others if they
gave a solitary vote with him. Does he not know
that Mr. Denton approves every word in this bill,
and would support every provision of the bill if
presented as separate measures, and that he only
objects because'they are blended in one bill? So
that, in substance and measures, Mr. Ritchie is
acting with Col. Benton, while I, for the sake of
principle, am fighting them both. He denounces
me for voting with Col. Benton.
In relation to those other gentlemen enumerated
here with whom it is alledged I stand side by side,
I deny it; I repudiate therr^ I have one declaration
to make to Mr. Ritchie and to the country, and I
hope that my constituents will read it and ponder
over it, and if it is unworthy of their representative
they will repudiate me. I stand here to advocate
and defend their rights, and in the examination of
gieat measures and great principles, I am not to be
induced to vote in a particular way because that
would bring mc in company with particular gen-
tlemen, I* am not one of those who would vote
against a bill because certain other gentlemen chose
to vote for it. I would rather act with Satan himself,
and be right, than act with the best man that ever
lived and be wrong. 1 shall examine all measures
submitted for my action in this body on their own
merits, and 1 shall cast my vote according to my
judgment of the merits of every measure, without
looking to'see who votes for it or who votes
against it. Mr. Ritchie may not be able to appre-
ciate this, or he may think the people of the coun-
try so remarkably stupid and ignorant that they
can be rallied for or against a meaause on account
of the men who vote for or against it. Sir, he is
mistaken. He underrates the intelligence of the
people, who look at these measures for themselves.
The people will form their opinions for them-
selves; and no .matter who votes for or against,
they will never fail to use every effort to prevent
the passage of an obnoxious or unjust law, or to
secure the passage of a beneficial and just one.
Mr. President, I have now answered the main
points in the chaige of Mr. Ritchie against me and
others, and have answered them truly, at all
events. I am willing to go before the country
with my response. 1 would say here that this is
the only mode by which anything favoring the
