1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ Mr. GOODENOW rose and sent to the Clerk's
table the following resolution, which was read:
Resolved, That Robert C. Wintkrop, of Massachusetts
be, and he is hereby, appointed Speaker; and J. W.Forney!
o( Pennsylvania, be, and he ia ii re by, appointed Clerk; and
John M. Johnson, of Virginia, be and he is hereby appoint-
ed Postmaster to this House.
Mr. ROBINSON moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Tellers were asked and appointed, ( Messrs.
Johnson of Arkansas, and Cabell ofPlorida.)
_ Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding after the word l< Speaker," the
words, " provided he can get votes enough."
The Clerk said that the pending question was
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Robinson,] that the resolution he laid on the table.
[Cries for the ii question.'5]
The question, "Shall this resolution be laid on
the table?" was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 116.
The negative vote was not counted, the affirma-
tive vote showing a majority of the wholenumber.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The roll was called the fifty first time, when
the tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 222; necessary to a choice 112; of
which—
.Mr. Boyd received 87
Mr. Wmthrop     57
Mr. White « 16
.Mr. Morehead 14
Mr. Potter     .13
Mr. T. Stevens..        6
Mr. King, of New Jersey 5
Mr. Conrad 4
Mr. Strong ........... 4
Mr. Disney 4
Mr, Schenck.  3
Mr. Julian .   2
Mr. Stanly    2
Mr. H. Cobb     1
Mr. R. M. McLane,   1
Mr. Milliard     1
Mr. Robinson      1
Mr. McLanahan,.       1
222
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Boyd—Messrs. Aibertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlm, Albert G.
Brown, WMJiani J. Brown, Burt, Gorge A. Caldwell, How-
ell Cobb, W. It. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Dun-
ham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fuller, Gitmore,
Gorman, Green, Hacketl, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Har-
alson, Harman&on, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holiaday, Holmes,
Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, .Jones,
Kaufman, La Sere, Letfter. LiHlefield, Job Mann, Mason,
MeCIeraand, frJeDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. AJcLane,
McMullen, McQueen, McWiIhe, Meade, Miller, MiHson,
Morse, Orr, Parker, fVasIee, PHelps, Powell, Riebardi'On,
Robtwis, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, lticbard H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson,William Thompson, Venable,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, WiJdriek, Woodward, and
Young.
For Mr. Wmthrop—Messrs. Anderson, Ashmun, Bokee,
Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Conger, Cor-
wm, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley,Goodenow,Gott, Gnnnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Hebatd, Henry, Houston, Hunter^
Jackson, Knrr, Dame! P. King, George G. King, James G.
Kmc, John A. King. Levin, Meacham, Moore, Nes, Newell,
Phoeuix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rose,
Rum^ey, Schenck, Schermerhom,Spauldins,Sprague, Stan-
ly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Van
Lhke, Vinton, and Williams.
For Mr. White—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Baker,
Bennett. Brooks, Burrow*, Chester Butler, Clarke, Cole,
Duer, Mauet-on, Rockwell, Schoolcraft, Stlvestei, Wilson,
and Winthmp.
For Mr. Morehca*—Mp^rs. AlMon, Breck, Briggs, Hay-
inond, Milliard, Marshall, F. R. McLean, Morton, Outlaw,
Ow  n. Shepperd, A. H. Stephens, Toombs, and Watkins.
For Mr. Poller—Messrs. Bmgham, Booth. Joseph Cable,
Dotv, Fitee.GHrry,H«ulan, Stetson,Walden, Waldo, Wood,
Pfck, and Clevehuul.
For Mr. 'PhaMeus Solicits—Messrs. Campbell, Howe,
Horace Mann, McLanahan. Sackeit, and Tuck.
For Mr, Jamc•. G. King—Messrs. Gould, McKissock,Otis,
Thurman, and Underbill
For Mr. Disney—Messrs. Morris, Olds, Potter, and Sweet-
ser.
For Mr. Strong—Messrs. Durkee, Preston King, W eut-
woith, and VViJrnot.
For M-\ Conrad— Messrs. Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingman,
James I.. Johnson, and Morehead.
Fur Mr. Schcnck—Messrs. Crowell, Nelson, and Ogle.
For Mr. Stanly—Messrs. Conrad and White.
For Mr. Ju'iak— Messrs. Allen and Root.
For Mr. Howell Cobb—Mr. Bovd.
For Mr. B. M. Mr Lane—Mr. Buel.
For Mr. Milliard— Mr. E. C. Cabell,
For Mt. Jtobhison—Mr. Disney.
For Mr. McLanahun—Mr. Strong.
No choice.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, rose to renew
the offer of his proposition, with-slight modifica-
tions. As now presented, he said, it contained
the names of gentlemen from all parts of the
Union—an equal number from the free and from
the slave States. Ke would thank gentlemen oil
the other side of the House, to make any change
they saw fit in the names of the Democratic mem-
bers included. The name of David S. Kaufman,
which had unintentionally been omitted in his
first proposition, was now inserted. He (Mr. T.)
would vote for any officers, or for any mode of
organization which such a committee might re-
j port. It was the dernier resortt in all legislative
bodies, in cases like this. He asked the consent
of the House again to offer the resolution, and he
demanded the yeas and nays upon the question of
its adoption, that the country might know who
were m favor of it. The resolution was read, as
j follows:
! Resolved, That Mr. Ashmun, of Massachusetts; Mr.
i White, of New York; Mr. Bajly, of Virginia; Mr. Stanton,
\\ of' '.Eeunewsee; Mr. Schenck, ot Ohio; Mr. Bingham, of
ii Michigan; Mr. Morehead; of Kentucky; Mr. Cleveland, ot
jj Connecticut; Mr. Conrad, of Louisiana; Mr. Butler, of
■ j Pennsylvania; Mr Bowlin, of Missouri; Mr. McGaughey,
j' of Indiana; Mr. Milliard, of Alabama; Mr. Haial&on, of
Georgia; Mr. Peaslee,of New Hampshire; and Mr. Kauf-
man, ol Texas, be appointed a committee to consult, de-
vise, and report to this House the mode deemed by them
most acceptable for a speedy organization.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to lay-the resolution
on the table.
j1 Mr. STANLY. On that I demand the yeas and
)} nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered, and having
, been taken, resulted—yeas 111, nays 110—as fol-
1 low: ^
! YEAS— Messrs. Aibertson, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bay>
, Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bovvdon, Bowlm?
ii Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt. E*
I. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cleveland?
| Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel. Dimmick,
Disney, Doty, Dnikee, Edmundson, Ewine, Featherston,
i! Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Guiding-, Gilmore, Gorman, Green,
| Hackett, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Har-
!, mutison, Isliain G. Harris, Sampson VV. Harris, Hoagland,
i, Holtaday, Holmes, Howard. Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert
1' W. Johu&on, Jones, Kaufman, i reston King, La S&rt, Lefi"-
;i^r, Littlefield, Hoiace Mann, Job M.snn, McCUrnarid,
j, McDowell, MoLmahan, Robert M. MoLaue, McMullen,
I McQ.ueen, McWillie, Miller, MiHson, Morris, Morse, Mor-
j j ton, Olds, Orr, Owen, Parker, Peck, Phtlps, Poller, Pow-
■! eil, Robbing, Robinson, Roor, Ross--, Savage, Sawtellf, Sed-
I. don, Frederick P. Smnton, A. H. Stephens, Stetson, S'.veet-
ser, Thoma1-, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
i, Thomp-on,Toombs, Tuck, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wal-
lace, VVenWorth. Whitflesey, WiJduek, Wilmot, Wood,
:l Worwlward, and \foung—111.
i; NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
. Ashmun, Baker, Bayly, Bennett, Bokee. Breck, Briggs,
[ | Brooks, Buiroivfi, Chester Batter, Thomas B. Bu'ler, Joseph
P. Caldwell. Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
!' Clingman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry,
\; Dickey, Di\on, Duncan, Dunham, Alexander Evans. Nathan
'j Evans, Fowler,Fceedley,Goodenow, Gott, Gould,Gnnnell, j
i1 Hall, Halloway, Hampton, Thomas L. Hains, Hay, Haj- j
|' mond, Hebard, Henr37, HiJJtard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, ;
j Jackson, James L. Johnson, Korr, Daniel P. Kin,?. George i
!; G. King, Junes G. King, John A. King, Levin, Marshall, !
|l Mason, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissoek, F. E. McLean, j
!| Meacham, Meade, Mooi e, Morehead, Nelson, Nes, Newell,
if Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pnoemx, Pitman. Putnam, Reed, Rey- j
i nolds,Richardson, Kisley, Rockwell,Rose, Ruinsey,£aekett, i
i Schenck, Schennerhorn, Schoolcaft, Shepperd, Silvester, j
j Spauldmg, Sprague, Stan/y, R. H. Stanton, Thaddeus /
I Stevens, "Taylo--, John B. Thompson, Timrman Underbill, )
Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Williams, {
■ Wilson, and Wmthrop—110.
J So the resolution was laid on the table. j
| On motion of Mr. LEVIN, i'
t The House adjourned. j
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 18, 1849.
The Journal of the preceding day having been
read—
Mr. MANGUM. In part execution, sir, of the
order for this hour, I desire to make a report con-
cerning the appointment of the committees of this
body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I will remind the
Senator from North Carolina that there was no
order made on the subject of the appointment of
the committees. There was merely a notice given
that a motion would he made that the Senate pro-
ceed to the election of the committees.
Mr. MANGUM. I will move, then, that the
Senate now proceed to the appointment of the
chairmen of the standing committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. It will be remembered that
it was agreed upon formerly that the standing com-
mittees should be so constkuted as to have in each
a majority of the same political complexion as the
majority of th^ Senate itself, and that the chairman
should be appointed on motion. This arrange-
ment was acted upon two years ago; indeed, I be*
lieve it was adopted four years ago, a|id the reason
for its adoption was, that we might avoid the tedi-
ous process of balloting; and it met with the ap-
probation of Senators on all sides. Three of the
five members of each committee, it was agreed,
should be of the political faith of the gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber, and the remaining
two should be appointed by this side. It will be
perceived that, in the present state of this body, in
regard to political divisions, this proposition is^as
liberal as could be expected, and it is one which
will greatly facilitate our proceedings. I there-
fore, in pursuance of the example that has thus
been set, and one which, if my recollection is cor-
rect, has been followed for four years, and Ifas
been approved of by all, move that the Senate now
proceed to the appointment of thechaiimen of theN
standing committees without balloting. A list has
been furnished me of the names of such gentle-
men as are approved of on the other side of the
Chamber—gentlemen of the Democratic party—
and I have been requested to move their appoint-
ment as chairmen of the standing committees of
the Senate. . '
Mr. HALE. It is from no spirit of factious
opposition, from no desire unnecessarily to con-
sume the time of the Senate, that I ri-se to say that
I am compelled to withhold my consent from the
arrangement that is proposed; and, in order that
I may not appear factious, I will state the reasons
that impel me to this course; and I believe it
to be due to the Senate and myself that I should
state those reasons. I object, sir, in the first
place, because I will not consent, either verbally
or by remaining silent, to any arrangement that
classes and divides the whole of this Senate into
what are denominated two great parties, with-
out recognizing any other distinctions of political
faith than those which fall within those two di-
visions. Speaking for myself, sir, I hope I ha^e
at least one political associate—one friend who
sympathizes with me in my political course. I
' acknowledge no obligation to either of the great
parties to which the gentleman alludes. I believe
that many of the principles acted upon by both
are entirely fallacious, and highly prejudicial to
the interests of the country. Such 1 believe to be
the sentiments of those who sent me here, and such
are the convictions of my own mind. I know that
1 am overruled by numbers at present, but 1 bide
my time, hoping that a better day may yet dawn
upon us. But when I am asked to sit still, and
consent to such a state of things as would neces-
sarily result from the adoption of such a mode of
proceeding as that suggested by the Senator from
North Caro'ina, I am asked to do that which I
cannot consent to do. I have not been consulted
in the remotest degree in regard to the nominations
for chairmen of the committees. I do not com*
plain of that; but, not having been consulted, and
not knowing what the arrangement is, not know-
ing the basis upon which the committees are to
be formed, I feel compelled to interpose an objec-
tion, and to ask that the rules of the Senate be
observed.
Mr. MANGUM. If the objection made by the
Senator from New Hampshire be persisted m, it
pa's an end of course to the proposition that 1 have
made. 1 will, therefore, move that the Senate
proceed to the election of the chairmen of the com-
miuees by ballot.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senate indulge me for a
moment in saying, that whilst lam ready to per-
form any share of the labor which must legitimately
attach to me as a member of this body, at the same
time I should be highly gratified if the Senate
would have the goodness to excuse me from serv-
ing on any of the committees that may be organ-
ized. I suppose that even without this request
there is not much danger that I thould have a la-
borious post assigned me, such as tfcftt of chairman
of a committee; but if the honor were tendered to
me, I should make the same request that I now
make, which is, that I may be excused from serv-
ing on any committee. There are privete consid-
erations which make it necessary that I should
prefer this request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
