40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
from Kentucky desire that the question be put to
the Senate? , !
Mr. CLAY. There is no occasion for putting
the question, sir. I only intended tin expression
of my wish to be excused.
Mr. MAN«UM then proposed Mr. King, of
Alabama, as chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will please
to prepare their ballots for chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The ballots were accordingly prepared; when
it appeared that the whole number of ballots was
fifty-one.
For Mr. King, of Alabama 47
For Mr. Benton, of Missouri 3
For Mr. Mangum, of North Carolina 1
Mr. King having received a majority of the
number of votes polled, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated for chairman
of the Committee on Finance, Mr. Dickinson, of
New York.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for chairman
of the Committee on Finance; when the whole
number of ballots was forty-eight.
For Mr. Dickinson, of New York 44
For Mr. Sewarb, of New York 2
For Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts   1
For Mr. Webster, of Massachusetts 1
Mr. Dickinson having received a majority of
the whole number of votes polled, was declared
duly elected chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. MANGXJM then nominated for chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, Mr. Hamlin.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for chairman of
the Committee on Commerce; when the whole
number of ballots was forty-three.
For Mr. Hamlin, of Maine 39
For Mr. Hunter, of Virginia 3
For Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts 1
Mr. Hamlin having received a majority of the
whole number of votes polled, was declared duly
elected chairman of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MANGUM. I will propose, but it re-
quires unanimous consent, and I hope it will be
satisfactory to the gentleman opposite, that the
Senate proceed to vote for the residue of the chair-
men of the standing committees collectively. Will
that be satisfactory to the gentleman opposite ?
[Mr. Hale.] I know it requires unanimous con-
sent. I will read the list of names that has been
furnished to me.
Mr. HALE. I want to say again that it is not
my desire to occupy the time of the Senate un-
necessarily, but I must be permitted to remark
that I have not seen this list that the honorable
Senator from North Carolina speaks of, and I am
utterly uninformed as to how the proposed ap-
pointees have been agreed upon. 1 have' no in-
formation whatever as to the arrangement of the
committees. It appears to me that if we postpone
further proceeding in this matter until to-morrow,
we shall be able to get on much more satisfactorily,
and without any of the embarrassment that we
now experience. I cannot consent to give my
support to a proposed organization of the commit-
tees of this body without knowing how they are
to be composed.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would suggest to Sena-
tors that it will take a considerable time to arrange
the committees. The present proposition is mere-
ly for the appointment of the chairmen; and if the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] had
waited a moment he would have heard the Senator
from North Carolina read his list of names, and he
would then have been able to determine whether
the proposed appointments met his approbation.
Mr. HALE. I know nothing of the nomina-
tions except what has been stated by the gentle-
man from North Carolina. We have already
voted upon the chairman of the Committee of
Finance, and if I were only assured that all the
rest of the nominations were made with as much
discretion, I should be perfectly satisfied; but, in-
asmuch as I have no such assurance, I cannot con-
sent to waive my objection.
Mr. BERRIEN. Do I understand the Senator
from North Carolina to move that the Senate pro-
ceed to appoint the remaining chairmen without
ballot? Unless the Chair has, upon reflection; in
regard to the construction to be given to the rule
of the Senate, decided that it requires the unani-
mous consent of the members of the body to adopt
< a different mode of proceeding, I shall beg to differ
from the opinion that has been advanced here that
such unanimous concurrence is requisite. Such
j is not, in my judgment, the correct interpretation
j of the rule, it is in these words:
| " In the appointmeni of the standing committees, the Sen-
; ate will proceed by ballot severally to appoint the chairman
j of each committee, and then by one ballot the other mem-
I bers necessary to complete the same."
j The intention of this was that the vote for chair-
! man and the vote for the other members of the
| committee should be given separately. The tfote
: for chairman and the vote for the remaining mem-
; bers of the committee could not, under that rule,
1 be given upon the same ballot. But there is noth-
J ing in the rule that prevents you from voting for
as many members as you please; for instance, for
all the members that the committee is to consist
of, and designating the member who shall be the
chairman.
: The VICE PRESIDENT was understood" to
decide that the unanimous consent of the Senate
i was requisite in order to entertain the motion of
I the Senator from North Carolina.
! Mr. MANGUM. 1 would remark that in again
looking at the rule, I am satisfied that the construc-
' tion put upon it by the Senator from Georgia is i
correct, and that it does not require the unanimous
consent of the Senate to adopt the mode of pro-
i ceeding that I have proposed. ]
. Mr. HALE. The rule says that in the appoint- •
■ ment of the standing committees, the Senate shall
; proceed by ballot severally—to do what? To ap-1
; point the chairmen of the committees? No, that
; is not the fule; but the chairman of each commit-
j tee. Now I have no disposition to detain the Sen- j
! ate, but if I have any knowledge of the construc-
| tion of the English language, I cannot consent that
it shall be tortured in this way. if the construc-
tion given to the rule is such as the gentleman
from North Carolina gives to it, it is in my esti-
mation worth nothing at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The attention of
the Chair has not been directed to this subject, but
the impression upon the mind of the presiding
; i officer is, that it requires a separate vote for the
election of the chairman of each committee.
^ Mr. BRrGHT. It occurs to me that the diffi-
culty could be obviated by the gentleman from
North Carolina reading the list of heads of com-
1 mittees that he intends to propose. If there are
I' any unacceptable to the Senator from New Hamp-
j shire, or any other Senator, they can state their
'i objections without any further difficulty. I appeal
' to the Senator to allow us to adopt that course,
j; and save us from the necessity of balloting for the
IJ chairman of each committee.
i; Mr. CHASE. It occurs to me that it would
meet the approbation of the majority of Senators,
\ and that we should get through sooner, by adopt-
! ing the proposition of the gentleman from New
!i Hampshire. There are gentlemen, perhaps, on
this floor, who do not choose to be classed with
, i either of the great parties into which this country
i is divided. If some gentlemen here think proper
, not to array themselves with either of those par-
, ties, it is due at least to them to have a voice in the
| organization of the committees.
ij The proposition, therefore, that there shall be a
, postponement of all further proceeding in this mat'
ij ter until to-morrow, I think is a very reasonable
i; one, and one which ought to be adopted. It ap-
;, pears to me to be only what ought to be conceded
to a Senator who expresses a desire for such post-'
■' ponernent. I am in favor of the postponement in
order to obviate all fuither difficulty.
ji Mr. MASON. My attention has been called to
, this rule, and I must be permuted to say that I
1 concur with the construction that has been given
; to it by the gentleman from Georgia. The object
1 of the rule was, that in the election of the com-
! mittees, there should be a separation between the
i chairman and the remaining members of the com-
1 mittees. It appears to me, there is no reason why
we should not proceed to elcct the chairmen of the
1 other ccmmittce3 without balloting.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has al-
j ready decided that such a motion requires the
j unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I ask pardon of the Chair. I
| was not aware that such a decision had been made;
,! but, in order to bring the question to the notice of
the Senate, I will take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senator will with-
draw this appeal, for I feel reluctant to vote for
overruling any decision that may be made by the
Chair. I think the difficulty may be obviated in
a different way. It would be much betterto defer
further action until to-morrow, in order to allow
an opportunity to Senators to consider as to the
true construction that should be given to the rule.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to prolong this dis- '
cussion, but respectfully to suggest to the Senator
from North Carolina that the delay which he pro-
poses would, as it appears to me, be improper
under the circumstances. It is not that 1 would
I be wanting in rcspect to any Senator that I oppose
I the proposition for delay; but it really appears to
I me that it would be more respectful to the Senate
I that it should be collectively considered in prefer-
! ence to a single individual. I am for fighting out
| the battle now. Let us go on and elect the chair-
; men of the committees.
Mr. MANGUM. I am perfectly content.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It seems to me that we ought
to proceed without regard to the convenience of
. Senators. An hour or more consumed in atten-
i tion to legislative duties, should not be permitted
to weigh with us. The transaction of the public
business n of more importance than the conveni-
ence or inconvenience of Senators.
Mr. MASON. I am satisfied with the decision
of the Chair in regard to the rule. My only ob-
ject was to have an expression of the sense of the
Senate; but, as the Chair has already decided, I
am satisfied, and withdraw the appeal,
j Mr. MANGUM renewed his motion that the
j residue of the chairmen of the committees should
; be appointed without balloting.
| Mr. CHASE renewed the objection made by
I the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
I Mr. BADGER. Let the balloting proceed.
] Mr. MANGUM then nominated for chairman
i of the Committee on Manufactures, Mr. Sebas-
| tian. _ ,
The Senate proceeded to ballot for chairman of
I the Committee on Manufactures; when the whole
| number of ballots was 43.
! For Mr. Skbastian, of Arkansas 38
! For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire...... 2
| For Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts  I
i For Mr. Davis, of Mississippi   1
| For Mr. Norkis, of New Hampshire 1
i Mr. Sebastian having received a majority of
' the whole number of votes polled, was declared
J duly elected Chairman of the Committee on Manu-
t facta res.
; Mr. MANGUM then nominated for chairman
j of the Committee on Agriculture, Mr. Sturgeon.
i When the Senate proceeded to ballot for chair-
i man of the Committee on Agriculture. Whole
: number of ballots 37.
| For Mr. Sturgeon, of Pennsylvania 35
i For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire 1
I For Mr. Chase, of Ohio     1
Mr. Sturgeon having received a majority of
the whole number, was declared duly elected
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. MANGUM then nominated as chairman of
i the Committee on Military Affairs, Mr. Davis, of
| Mississippi.
j When the Senate proceeded to ballot for the
i same. Whole number of votes 37.
] For Mr. Davis, of Mississippi 32
j For Mr. Downs, of Louisiana  2
| For Mr. Benton, of Missouri  2
i For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire 1
' Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, having received a
II majority of the whole number of votes polted, was
jj declared duly elected chairman of the Committee
I on Military Affairs.
II Mr. MANGUM then nominated Mr. Houston
' as chairman of the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. HOUSTON asked to be excused from the
honor of presiding over that committee. He was
on two committees, which absorbed the greater
portion of hb time and attention.
The Senate proceeded to ballot for chairman.
Whole number of votes polled 37.
| For Mr. Houston, of Texas 30
j For Mr. Chase, of Ohio t 2
j For Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin 2
i For Mr. Borland, of Arkansas  1
j For Mr. Dodge, of Iowa   I
I For Mr. Hamlin, of Maine  1
