tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
like a gross confusion of ideas. This whole notion
is founded in an error. Mr. Ritchie does not re-
cognise the measure before us as a party measure,
and has so over and over declared; but as a great
measure far above all mere party considerations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. King,]
called the Senator to order for irrelevancy.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply'wish to defend my ven-
erable editorial friend, who has been very unkindly
assailed. I am not going into the merits of the
controversy between Mr. Ritchie and these gentle-
men. No doubt Mr. Ritchie is perfectly prepared
to meet them upon all the points involved, m a
manner entirely satisfactory to the country; but 1
did not feel at liberty to remain entirely silent
whilst a violent assault was being made upon the
sensibilities and character of a man whose wisdom,
patriotism, inflexible regard for principle, and a
thousand high moral qualities, had, in earlier and
purer times, secured to him the friendship and es-
teem of such personages as Jefferson, Madison,
and other great and good men, now no longer upon
earth—a man who, I venture to predict, will descend
to posterity as one worthy to be honestly remem-
bered, when all the accusations of the present time
shall have been disregarded and forgotten. To
illustrate what I am now saying, and to show how
little danser there is of Mr. Ritchie's suffering se-
rious detriment from the decrial now in progress,
I will violate in some degree the secrecy of private
intercourse, and mention tliatl have learned within
a few days past that the present distinguished Gov-
ernor of the Old Dominion was, not long since,
heard to say that he regarded the present position
of the venerable editor of the Union as one of more
honor than any which he has ever heretofore held;
and I know that a similar sentiment is most widely
entertained by many of the most renowned states-
men and patriots to be found m the Republic.
Sustained, confided in, and defended by such
friends, he need dread no assail men t that is threat-
ened here or elsewhere, whether by speech or
pen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the discus-
sion to he out of order.
Mr. TURNEY. If Mr. Ritchie does not re-
gard this as a party measure, I repeat, why does
he denounce only the Democrats who are opposed
to it? There is not a word said against other
Senators. Not a whisper. I do not care what
Mr. Ritchie's character may be. He may stand
very high with the Governor of Virginia, but it is
nevertheless very certain that he has given aialse
account of the record. I have taken occasion to
speak of these matters here 111 vindication of my-
self. It was my right, and I chose to exercise
that right.
Mr. WALKER suggested whether it would not
be in order to refer the matter relating to Mr.
Ritchie to the Committee on Printing? [Laughter.]
Mr WHITCOMB also addressed the Senate
for an hour. A report of this speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have but a word to say.
It has seemed to me from the beginning that an
undue consequence has been given to the section
under consideration, and to both the amendments
proposed to it. I do not favor the original section,
which prohibits legislation in respect to African
slavery, and shall vote to strike it out, but I shall
vote tor the bill if it is retained, because I deem
the measure of so much consequence that I will
not be turned from its support by details of minor
importance of which 1 do not approve. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] notwithstand-
ing the bill authorizes the territorial legislature to
act upon all "rightful subjects of legislation," be-
lieves that certain'police legislation, which he
thinks may become necessary, may, by a strict
construction of the section, be prohibited, and has
proposed an amendment providing that nothing
contained in that section shall be construed to pre-
vent proper legislati ,n far the protection of every
species of property there, or which may be carried
there in conformity with the Constitution and laws
of the United States. I suppose this amendment
cmnot be necessary under any view of the case,
since rightful subjects of legislation are provided
for; but the Senator thinks it is, and I see no par-
ticular harm in it except that it makes provision
for cases already sufficiently provide.) for. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] then, to guard
agamst any inference which may be drawn from
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
authorizingslavery, proposes to add a further pro-
viso, that nothing therein contained shall be con-
strued to authorize slavery, &c. This is not, as
has been supposed by some, the ordinance of 1787
over again, but merely rebuts any inference au-
thorizing slavery which the Senator thinks may
be drawn from the amendmentof the Senator from
Mississippi. As, however, no such authority is
there or can be put there, by construction, there !
can be no provision necessary to rebut such pre- ;
sumption. Besides, as this is a proviso to a pro-i
viso, if the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi contains objectionable or doubtful phraseology j
it should be corrected directly, by changing the lan-
guage of the amendment, and not by explaining it
by a further proviso. If I thought the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi could possibly be
construed as is supposed, I would vote to change
it, but I am sure it cannot, and that no amendment
is necessary.
Now, sir, I wish to say, once for all, that it is
not my intention, either directly or indirectly, to
favor, by vo ce or vote, the extension of slavery or
the restriction of slavery, in the territories, by
Congress, or any interference with the subject
whatsoever. Nor am I influenced in this conclu-
sion by the local laws of th  territory in question,
either natural or artificial—the laws of nature or
the laws of man; and, forall the purposes of pres-
ent action, I will not inquire what they are in
either respect. I will stand upon the true princi-
ples of non-intervention, in the broadest possible
sense, for non-intervention's sake, to uphold the
fundamental principles of freedom, and for no
other reason, and will leave the people of the terri-
tories and of the States to such rights and privi-
leges as are theirs under the Constitution and laws
of the United Slates, withoutaddition to or diminu-
tion from such rights by the action of Congress.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Chase, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Cliase,
Clarke, Cooper, Corwm, Davis of Mass ic!mselt-=, Dayton,
Dodne of Wisconsiou, Douglas, Felcli, Greene. Hale, Ham-
lin, Millar, Norris, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance, (Jp-
hain, Walker, Webster, and YVhiteoinb—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Aichison, Badger, lirll, Ttenton, Ber-
iif.n, Butlei, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foote, Hous-
ton, tlunter. Jones, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearce,
Pratt, liusk, Sebastian, Soul6, Sturgeon, Turkey, and Un-
derwood —30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recuis on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi.
The yeas and nays having been demanded, and
ordered on this amendment, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alelnson, Badger, Bell, Beinen, Butler,
Clay, Clemens, Davis ot Mississippi, Daw-on, Dickinson,
Downs, Foote, Hou.-ton, Hunter, Kins. Mauyu.n, Mason,
Moilon, Pearci*, Pratt, fvil->k, Sebastian, S011J6, Tuiney, and
Underwood—'25.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Uod^e of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Felch. Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller, Noiris,
Seward, Shields, Sinilli, Spiuance, bturgeon, Upiiam,
Walker, Webster, and Wllilcouib—30.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I now submit the following
amendment, to be inserted at the thirty-eighth
section:
" Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, otherwise
. than hy conviction lor crime, shall evei be allowed 111 culler
ol said Territoin s ol Uiah and New .Mexico."
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am as well pre-
pared to vote on this amendment now as I ever
shall be, but I submit whether, having taken one
vote on this matter, and some memoers ot the
Senate being absent, it would not be better to posi-
| pone it for the present, and to fix a tnne at which
j it may be taken?
I Several Senators. " No, no, no," and cries of
j 1( Question, question."
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
; ator from Mississippi make a motion ?
! Mr. DAVIS. I merely wished to suggest that
• the question should be postponed.
Mr. HUNTEll and other Senators. "No, no;
take a vote, take a vote."
j Mr. DAVIS. I am content.
j The question on the amendment of Mr. Seward
! was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted as fol-
I lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Convm, Davis of Massachusetts, Davton,
Dod"H of Wisconsin, Douslas, Felch, Greene, H:He, Ham-
lin, Miller, Morris, Seward, Shields, Smith, Upllain, Whlt-
comb, and Walker—23.
NAY'S—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Ber-
rien, Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi
Dawson, Dickinson, Dodire of Iowa, Downs, Foote,
Houston. Hunter, Jones, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon,
Turney, Underwood, Webster, and Ynlee—33.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move to strike out in the
sixth line of the tenth section the words " in re-
spect to," and insert the words "establishing or
prohibiting." The section will then read:
" But no lawshall be passed interfering with the primary
disposal ot the soil, nor establishing or prohibiting African
slavery."
And. upon that amendment I ask the yeas and
nays.
*The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer an amendment
to the amendment. After the word " slavery" in-
sert as follows:
"That peon slavery is hereby forever abolished in the
said tenuories."
The PRESIDfNG OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not now in order.
The question, being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Bekrien, resulted as follows:
yE\s—Me=*rs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Butter, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mid>u>ip >i, Dawson,
Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter. Jon^s. King,
Mau«mn, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Ruak, Sebastian,
Sou!6, Spruance, Srurgeon, Turney, Webster, and Yu
lee—30.
YS—M^srs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Oh.ise, C'arke, Cooper, Coiwm, Davis- of Massachu-
setts, Davton, Dod4eof WisconM ,«od<re ot Iowa, D^ugta*,
Feleli, Gieene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Norris, Bewaid,
Shield*, Smith, Underwood, Upliain, Walker, and Whit-
conjb—'27.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 move to amend the tenth
section by stiiking out the words "in respect to
African slavery."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These words
have already been stricken out and other words
substituted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I move to amend it by
striking out these words, and also the words
which were added, and on that amendment I ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have an amendment to offer,
which 1 think might very properly precede the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois.
It is for the purpose of including in the section all
the words of the Clayton compromise bill, which
I presume was intended by the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berrien ]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not now
m order.
Mr. YULEE. My purpose was simply to put
the scction in such a condition as might, perhaps,
tend to modify the vote to be given on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois. The
words I would offer are:
« And the Constitution and laws of the United States are
hereby extended over and declared to be m foice inlaid
teiritory, *o far as the same may bo applicable.1'
Mr. CLAY. There is already a clause in the
bill to that effect.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have not been able to find it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment would not now be iri order.
| Mr. HALE. It is in order to move to amend
i the section',f,by adding to the words which have
I already been added by the amendment of ihe Sen-
' ator from Georgia. I believe an amendment
which proposes to add, has precedence over one
' which proposes to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the proposi-
tion is to amend by adding, it has precedence over
any proposition to amend by striking out.
Mr. HALE. Then I propose to amend the sec-
tion by adding, after the word " prohibiting," the
words " or allowing."
! Mr. WALKER Mr. President, what has he-
! come of my amendment?
| The PRESIDING OFFICER, It was out of
order.
Mr. WALKER. I understood the Chair to
decide that the amendment of the Senator from Il-
linois was out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided it to be in order.
Mr. WEBSTER. I wish to ask the Chair a-
question. I thought the motion of the Senator
