42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
tion, which had been adopted the other day, that
resolutions should be introduced and passed with-
out debate. If gentlemen would introduce resolu-
tions here, the object of which was to direct and
control the action of this House, they had no
right to force decisions upon them without debate,
and he should insist upon his right to debate them.
The language of the resolution wag this :
Resolved, That this House shall proceed to the election of
a Speaker,and continue its efforts to effect such an election,
without debate from any member of this House, mitil an
election is effected.
Now (Mr. T. contended) under this resolution
no other resolution was in order; but if such reso-
lutions should be introduced then he should claim
the right to speak upon them. So long as the
House confined itself to voting, without debate,
upon the election of a Speaker, the resolution
which had been adopted prohibiting debate was
applicable. But gentlemen could not be thus
gagged, if attempts were made to offer resolu- !
tions violating the rights of the country, the free- j
dom of speech, and the constitutioflal rights of I
members of this House. !
Mr. WOODWARD was understood to suggest j
that, under the terms of the resolution adopted the |
other day, these propositions could not b'e intro- I
duced. That resolution provided for the election j
of Speaker, and prohibited debate until a Speaker |
should have been chosen, and the very* introduc- |
don of these propositions was a violation of that
resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that he
must ask the attention of the House a moment.
He would send to the Clerk's table a resolution,
which he desired might be read for information.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered by the House,
debate shall be in order, and restrained only by parliament-
ary law.
This (continued Mr. J.) could not be otherwise
than a subject of deep interest to this House and
the whole country. The resolution recently adopted
had destroyed all debate, and in its adoption the
House had, as it were, stultified itself.
Debate should be had —free debate—full debate.
For more than two weeks we had been thus en-
gaged; still they'were adisorganized body. Now,
sir, (said Mr. J.,) this state of things must have
an end. When will it be, and how? It cannot
last. We will adjourn, go home, if we can do no
better. How will it then be? If the resolution
which curtails debate shall be adhered to, the
country will be kept in ignorance of the motives
which influence members. Those motives should
be known, in justice to gentlemen—in justice to
the country. The evils that afflict us should be
published. The truth should go to the country,
the whole truth. The South should know it—the
North should know it. If individuals are in fault,
publish it; if principles cause our differences, dis-
cuss them. I hope discussion will be allowed. It
gives light, gives knowledge; and knowledge and
wisdom aione can arrest and remedy the evils
which now surround us. Some fear the influence
of discussion, both upon our time and our action.
I do not fear it. I wish to hear it—a full, free de-
bate; a debate upon the value of the Union and all.
At the first opportunity I shall present the resolu-
tion just read for action, and I give further notice,
that I shall call for the yeas and nays on the prop-
osition.
Mr. ROOT said he hoped the House would see
no necessity for making a change from the resolu-
tion under which they were now acting. He
thought the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Woodward] had given a correct construction of
the re oluton, as had also the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs ] While they were pro-
ceeding, under that resolution, to vote for Speaker,
undoubtedly debate was not in order. But when
a resolution was offered which went to abdicate the
resolution itself, was not debate in order ? Nothing
had been said or done more violative of the reso-
lution than the offering, yesterday, of the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Thompson.] The House, by the resolution, had
determined to continue to vote, and that without
debate, for Speaker. No other proposition, then,
or debate upon it, was in order. He thought,
therefore, that there was no necessity for the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] but that the resolution under which
they were acting provided for the same object
which the gentleman sought to accomplish.
Mr. VAN DYKE said there had been no debate
since the meeting of the House, except upon reso-
lutions; and the object of passing the resolution
under which they were acting, had been to stop
debate upon all subjects on which it had taken
place, until the object of their voting should be
accomplished in the election of a Speaker. Now
if it were the will of the House again to open de-
bate, and to place themselves exactly where they
had stood before the resolution ha'd passed, why,
let them do so. He asked that the opinion of the
House be taken upon the question, and he should
undertake to insist, until the resolution was re-
scinded, that debate was not in order. He cared
not in what form the question was taken, but he
should insist upon the question of order in some
form; and he should call every gentleman to order
who undertook to debate any resolution, until the
resolution was superseded, or until the House de-
clared that debate should proceed.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose, he said, to make a pro-
position which would supersede the necessity of
further consideration of the points of order. He was
not fonder of speaking, perhaps, than many gentle-
men on this floor; during the time in which lie had
had the honor of a seat here,',he had trespassed but
little upon the lime of the House; he was not par-
ticularly anxious to deliver a speech upon this oc-
casion, although he conceived that, if the strictest
rule had been adopted for the exclusion of debate,
the unanimous consent which had been accorded to
him would allow him to proceed. But he was
willing to forego making any further remarks.
He should not have asked the consent of the
House to speak, had not a similar privilege been
conceded to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Thompson] yesierday; and he knew that gentle-
man was not one of those who would be opposed
to his (Mr. K.'s) making any remarks which
might conduce to the adoption of the resolution
which he had offered. All he asked was, that the
members present should give him the yeas and nays
upon the resolution. He did not propose that it
should go into effect to-day, but to-morrow; and if
it was adopted, in two days they would succeed in
producing an organization of the House, to the
gratification and satisfaction of the House and
the country. He asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of his resolution.
Mr. WOOD WARD said, he had had no dispo-
sition to draw out a general debate. On the con-
trary, he said candidly he did not want to hear it.
All he asked was, that when important proposi-
tions were introduced, members might have a
reasonable opportunity of discussing their merits
briefly.
The Clerk stated the question before the House
to be upon the point 01 order which had been
raised to the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kauf-
man] proceeding in his remarks.
Mr. KAUFMAN said that point of order was
i superseded, as he had waived what he conceived
! to be his right to speak; and he now merely asked
; for the yeas and nays on the adoption of his reso-
j lution.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he would
I offer his resolution as an amendment to the resolu-
, tion of the gentleman from Texas.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his amendment,'
stating that he should again offer it as an inde-
pendent proposition, after the resolution should
have been disposed of.
Mr. TOOM BS said he objected to the resolution
as violative of the rule which had been adopted
for their government while proceeding to the elec-
tion of Speaker. He held that, under the true
construction of that resolution, the House could do
nothing else than vote, and that all these resolu-
tions were out of order. But if this resolution
went to the House, he desired to debate it; he
desired to show, or to attempt to show, that in his
judgment it was incompetent for the House to
pass the resolution. He now made that point of
order, arid it became very important that the
House should decide upon it. The resolution of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dimmick,]
which had been adopted by the House, called
upon the House to go on and do a known and ac-
knowledged duty—a duty under the Constitution—
! a duty according to law—a duty about which there
j was no dispute—and that they should continue
I their efforts till the object was effected, and allow
j nothing else to intervene until that time, But it
would be a monstrous construction to extend the
resolution to allowing other propositions to be in-
troduced, and requiring that they should be acted
upon without debate. Was it not directly infrin-
ging the liberty of speech, to undertake to provide
that most important questions affecting the rights
of the country-and the rights of the State should
be acted upon without debate? He believed that
the resolution of the gentleman from Texas vio-
lated the Constitution of the United States. The
gentleman did not believe it. He (Mr. T.) desired,
before it was acted upon, that the reasons why he
so believed should go before the House and the
country. He was willing to effect an organization
in pursuance of the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. It was in strict conformity
with the Constitution and right. The Constitution
said: " The House of Representatives shall choose
their Speaker and other officers."
Mr. KAUFMAN (interrupting Mr. Toombs)
said: Does not the fifth section of the first article
of the Constitution say that " eafch House may
determine the rules of its proceedings?" This is
now a House. The Constitution says, " the House
shall choose its Speaker," without prescribing
any mode of choice. The House, therefore, ex-
ists before a Speaker. My resolution, if adopted,
will be a majority of the House " determining its
rule of proceeding" in regard to the election of a
Speaker.
Mr. TOOMBS (continuing) said they could not,
in their present state, adopt any rule. Until they
were organized they were under the general par-
liamentary law, or they were under no law. When
they should have organized, they would have the
right to adopt rules. Now they had no such
right. They had no more right to enact a par-
liamentary law than any other law. They could
not prescribe a rule of conduct obligatory either
upon themselves or others. They were not a law-
making power; nobody knew their right to sit
here; they had not done their first duty as mem-
bers of the House of Representatives: they had
not taken the oath which bound them to the throne
of the living God, to obey the Constitution of the
United States; they could neither make rules for
the House nor the country.
Mr. VAN DYKE interposed, and wished to
understand of the gentleman from Georgia if he
was about to debate the resolution ?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that he insisted upon his
right to debate, if the resolution were pressed upon
the consideration of the House. He was now
speaking: to the point of order.
Mr. VAN DYKE. My impression is, that the
resolution already passed precludes debate.
Mr. TOOMBS said he was discussing his point
of order, and giving his reasons for it. He wanted
to debate the resolution of the gentleman from
Texas when it came up. If this House were
going to discharge their duty in the election of
Speaker without debate, he had nothing to say;
but if they were going to consider and act upon
resolutions affecting the rights of his constituents
and the country, and the integrity of the Consti-
tution, he claimed the freedom of speech to expose
and denounce them.
Mr. VAN DYKE repeated his inquiry, whether
the gentleman was now about to debate the reso-
lution ?
Mr. TOOMBS replied that he was not. He
was now upon the point of order. He wanted to
show how important it was that this resolution
should be ruled out of order; for, if they went on
under it, they might bring down a plurality to ten
men, or to two men, who would thus be enabled
to control the organization of the House and the
rights of the various sections of the country. He
held that, under the Constitution of the United
States, nothing less than a majority of one of all
the members elected was a quorum. From the
day of the assembling of the first Congress to this
day, a majority of the members present had been
required to elect a Speaker. This single fact was
a cotemporaneous and continuous exposition of
the true meaning of the Constitution. It was also
in conformity with the ordinary meaning of the
words used m the clause referred to. A majority
of one of all the members elected constituted a
quorum; such quorum constituted a House, in the
meaning of the Constitution.
The acts of a majority of that House alone were
the acts of the House. In the absence of a spe->
cial rule to the contrary, this was the universal law
