1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 0,
The question being taken, the motion was rejected. ;
Mr. DICKEY followed, and addressed the com- ,!
miuee during the hour. He spoke of the deep and
abiding interest which the people whom ho repre- j
eented felt in the question under consideration,
and of the proverbial sentiment of hostility, com- 1
p on to the people of Pennsylvania, in relation to
slavery. They had uniformly felt a repugnance
to the extension of that institution, because they ]
believed that it stood out in bo'd opposition to the i
best interests of society. That State had herself,
at one period of her history, been the abode of
slavery. She was now free from it, and her peo-
ple cuuid the better appreciate the blessings of
freedom, because they had taken a practical lesson 1,
in the evils of slaveiy. That the institution teas ;
evil—continually and altogether evil—the people
of Pennsylvania did not entertain a doubt. And •,
they would never violate that great principle of ;
human conduct which required them "to do to ;
others as they would others should do to them," ,
by giving their assent to the extension of slavery
in territories where it did not now exist. He '
spoke of that early feeling of hostility to slavery, /
which had its original birth in the southern por- 1
tion of the Confederacy—quoted the well-known
sentiments of Jefferson, and referred, amongst
other things, to the fact of the emancipation of
John Randolph's slaves, hy himself, as evidences
of the hold which that sentiment had taken upon
the southern heart.
He adverted to the change which of recent years '
had come over the views and opinions of southern
men on this question; and proceeded to show, that
if slavery was, as the people of the North believed i;
it to be, a great wrong and sin, their Represent- ''
atives here were bound, if they could do so with- i
out a violation of their constitutional obligations, 'j
to prevent its fuither extension. He devoted ]
some portion of his hour to an enumeration of the ,
evidences of condemnation which had been fur- !•
nished against the institution—setting out with
the position that at the date of the formation of the j
Constitution, the hope was cherished that slavery ■:
would gradually die away, until it ceased to have •!
any existence m the Confederacy; and he drew a ,!
comparison" between the results which had been i;
attained in the great march of civilization, t>y the ■,
States of the North and the States of the South. :
He denounced the institution for its resemblance \
to some of the despotisms of Europe, as manifest- !:
ed in its desire to stiile investigation and inquiry; 1
for its anti-republican and aristocratic tendencies;  i
for the spirit of usurpation which it evinced in j{
crossing the boundaries even of its own Intimate i'
domain;—and he presented all these considerations !:
to the mindaof northern gentlemen as so many liv-
ing arguments appealing to them to pause before
the institution, by any vote or cooperation of j
theirs, should be extended beyond its present con- jj
fines. He leplicd to some of the remarks of his j
colleague, who had denied the existence of any |
necessity for the adoption of the ordinance of '87.
He met this denial simply by contrasting it with ;
the action of Thomas Jefferson and of those who ;
voted with hirn; and he argued that, if in that re- i|
mote day, and at a time when the conviction, that ii
slavery was a paramount evil, prevailed m every I
section of the country, the passage of the ordinance J
of '87 was deemed essential, ~the adoption of a :
similar provision was incalculably more necessary
in our day—when the demand for the extension of ,'
the institution had become a great leading prmci- 1
pie of the southern mind. j!
He avowed himself in favor of the immediate •!
admission of California as a State into the Union, jj
answering some of the objections which had been ij
made to that measure, and contending that all of j
them had been successfully met and overcome, j
He then proceeded briefly to state a few of the ar- i
guments which presented themselves in favor of j
the admission of California. Amongst these, was I
* her locality, her distance from other States hav- !
ing constitutional government**, and the obstacles
in the way of immediate intercommunication. The
character of her population, (composed, as it wa<?, •
of many nations;) the nature of that pursuit which i
had so suddenly attracteda vastemigration thither; !
the disputes in respect to land titles; and the reve- i
nues to be collected,—all these causes—presenting I
a state of things such as had never before existed i
in the history of this country—furnished, he !
thought, irresistible and conclusive arguments in I
favor of immediate admission. j
The hammer fell.
Mr. MEADE obtained the floor, but yielded to
a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed, the committee
ro«:e and reported progress.
On motion, it was
Orrfctctl, That the House take a recess until eight o'clock
evening.
Whereupon the House took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of eight arrived. A few member? were
present.
At ten minutes past eight o'clock—
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Twenty-six members were present.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the Snecial
Message of the President of the United States
transmitting the Constitution of California.
Mr. MEADE was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee upon the slavery question
generally. Mr. M. not having time within the
hour allotted to enter into the discussion of all the
points he desired to speak upon, said he should
content himself with stating the heads of his argu-
ment, reserving; the argument itself for publication.
Mr. HUBBARD said, humble as were his pow-
ers, he wished to state to the committee the de-
mands which his constituents made. They de-
manded, and they intended to have, their share in
the territories, however it might be sought to ex-
clude them, by the Wilmot proviso, the Califoi-
nia proviso, or otherwise.
He proceeded at some length to draw a parallel
between the condition of the slaves of the South
and that of the agricultural laborers of England,
and by reference to the report of a commission
made to the British Pailiament, to show that the
slaves were better fed and cared for than the white
laborers of that country, which vaunted itself so
much of abolition philanthropy, and from which
| to make them very much, and never do unless the
j maiter is of such a character as wo grossly to mis-
! represent me that I think it indispensably neces-
j sary to do it.
' Yesterday I made some remarks explaining the
I reasons of the vote I intended to give, and I find
i myself reported in the Intelligencer of this morn-
1 ing in this way:
1 The Legislature of the State of Coahmla, in Trxa?, nbn?«
j i*bed slavery, and I presume. the Legislative o( New M>jx*
I ico did the £M e thins, otter the General Legislature of the
| Em pi re of Mexico was abolished."
! Now, what a string of ideas, if there be ideas
I in it at all! In the first place, I am made to say
i " the Legislature of Coahuila, in Texas." Theie
| never was .such a Legislature; there was a State of
| Coahuila and Texas combined, and I was sp ?ak-
j ing of the Constitution and Legislature of that
j Slate. I spoke, sir, of what the States m the Con-
j federacy of Mexico had done, and spoke of what
j I believed had been the action of the General Con-
; federacy, and they make me say that the General
Legislature had been abolished.
" I have recently examined the Constitution of the. State
of Coahuila, and,by thai CoiiMiiuuon, ihey fix •  day when
( all the ehildien who may be born m sinveiy j-Mtll he fr<
t I said no sifth thin^r. I endeavored to sav — I
[ think I did say—that the constitution of the S'ate
i of Coahuila and Texas did fix a day after which
! all the children born of slave parents should be
! free. That is the idea I intended to convey,
i A Senator. Is that so?
: Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is so.
i The repoit in the Union is something different,
i but not ereatly improved upon what I have read,
< The words are these:
"The Lf{filatures of the States of Coahulia and Texas
aboh-hed -Uvery "
Here, you perceive, by making me use a plural
term, they convert Texas and Coahuila both into
separate and distinct States, and make both act in
abolishing slavery; whereas, the idea was, it was
the act of the one State, which State was com-
posed of Texas and Coahuila combined.
Now, sir, I have seen instances of this sort time
after time, i have never complained; but I have
heard other Senatois, in private conveisation,
complain of these things, till, in my humble
the abolition sentiments of this country originated ^ ^ t  }
He did not apologize for slavery, but maintained ji jU(],rment, it has become a grievance. We never
  """1 tVw. nnlv h rea(] each other,3 speec|ies—it is enough to hear
that it was a necessary institution, and the only
relation in which the white and the black races i|
could coexist.
He glanced at the compromise proposed in the ,
Senate, expressed his unqualified opposition there- Ii
to, and closcd his remarks—which weie enlivened '■
by much native humor, and were listened to with j'
marked attention—bv stating that, having spoken h
unpremeditatedlv, he shou'd take the ordinary !|
liberty of publishing what he might desire to say i;
to his constituents. i!
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor, and yielded to a motion by |l
Mr. FEATHERSTON,that the committee rise. \\
The motion being agreed to—
The committee rose and reported. ij
And, on motion by Mr. Crowell, at a quarter
to ten o'clock, the House adjourned. j
NOTICE OF A HILL.
Ry Mr DOTY : A bill to'amend the act<°ntitled " An not
to provide for the punishment ofnfiVnceh committed m cut-
img, dotrovinir, or lemovins hvr-oak nnd other timber or
trees, reserved for nav.il purposes," 'approved Man.li 2d,
IN SENATE,
j Thursday, June (i, 1850.
j Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, on looking ,
1 over the reported pioceedings in the Senate of the j
day before yesterday, I find there is an omission in i
i relation to an occurrence which took place between |
you and myself, which, 1 am informed by the j
. stenographer, will he corrected in the permanent !
debates. But, in justice to you, it is proper that I
should here state, that when you indirectly called '
| meto order, to the remark that 1 made you replied
that you had no power to call a Senator to order
for what was said in relation to individuals beyond
the Senate Chamber. Your reply was omitted. I'
: take this occasion to correct it, that it may take its j
i place in the proper register of onr debates,
j Mr. ^UNDERWOOD. I wish to throw myself
j upon the indulgence of the Senate for a moment,
to call their attention to a matter which concerns
| not only myself, but every member of the Senate,
j I am not much addicted to complaints, and dislike
them; but those who reside at a distance in the
country do read them; and it must be mortifying
to any one of us to see such stuff go out as having
been delivered by an American Senator. Is there
no remedy? !n outer to see if there be a remedy,
I propose to have the subject referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and have a resolution to offer
to that effect:
Roolcetl, That the Committee on Printing be instmeied
to jmjuim; whether nnv e\Mmg eonn.iet or eoniiacls for
piinih!* the debate* of the Senate would be violated by re-
MrK-tmy the pnultcatjon of such debate^, at public e\p  use,
to"tfp'H'chcs which phall have been levied 1)> Si.natoi^.
Now, it seems to me that if the Senate would
have our debates, eo far as they are printed at the
public expense, confined to those speeches which
the Senators revise, we would get clear of the in-,
justice of which I have complained.
lirsoh r/fj farther, That said commntee, m ca?e no exi<=t-
ingeontiact i> thereby violated, be nit-truet-'d lo pimnh;
?uch i e£ ulotK n« ns-hall limit the pribheation of the remarks
and speeches of Senators at public expense to-ueh onl> as
shall have been rtvi^td and corrected by the Senator who
delivers then).
Now, jf there be a public contract under which
the Committee on Punting act, which authonzes-
them to pay for every thing which the Reporteis may
think proper to print, I am not for violating that
contract. But if thfie be no such contract, then I
am for adopting such a icguiation that the Senate
shall pay fur that only which the Senators shall
revise. If our hands are tied by a eontiact, there
its an end to it.
I hope these resolutions may be referred to the
Committee on Printing-, and that they will let us-
know something on the subject. I have never
seen the contract by which this mutter is regulated,
and do not know what it is. I should like to
know, and should like to see some mode adopted
by which these grievances can be remedied.
The resolutions were sent to the Secretary's
desk.
Mr. BENTON. They will lie over, of course.
Mr. UNDER.WOOD. I have no objection. I
; wanted to call the attention of the Senate to the
! subject. Others are as much interested w it as I
j am.
