1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
favor may be granted me. The service that I owe 1
to my constituents, as well as the duty that will \
necessarily devolve upon me as a member of this ;
body, will occupy my time and attention fully. |
It is unnecessary for me to say that I shall be :
ready and willing to take upon myself any labor j
that may hereafter be allotted to me. I will re- I
mark, however, that I cordially concur with the |
nominations that have been made for the com-j
mittees, and I cheerfully give my assent to the j i
motion about to be proposed by the Senator from ; j
.North Carolina. :
Mr. MANGUM. 1 now move, sir, that the |
Committee on Foreign Relations consist of, in
addition to the chairman appointed yesterday, i,
Messrs. Foote, Webster, Benton, and Mangum.
The VICE PRESIDENT having put the ques- j
tion to the Senate, it was adopted. 11
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the Committee
on Finance be filled by the following named Sen- h
ators, viz: Messrs. Hunter, Phelps, Douglas,and
Pearce; which motion was agreed to. !■
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the names of
the following Senators compose the Committee on j
Commerce, viz: Messrs. Soule, Davis of Massa- j. Messrs. Butler, Underwood, Houston,
chusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, and Bell; which : Cooper.
Mr. MANGUM. I now move that the Senate
proceed to ballot for members of the committee on
the Judiciary; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 am instructed to name
Messrs. Downs, Berrien, Bradburt, and Day-
ton, as members of the committee, to stand in the
order in which they are named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will please
to prepare their ballots.
The ballots having been counted, there appeared:
For Mr. Downs, of Louisiana 43
For Mr. Bradbury, of Maine 42
For Mr. Dayton, of New Jersey 41
For Mr. Berrien, of Georgia 39
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio 2
For Mr. Cooper, of Pennsylvania. 2
For Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts   2
For Mr. Shields, of Illinois 2
For Mr. Seward, of New York I
Messrs. Downs, Berrien, Bradbury,and Day-
ton, were duly elected members of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MANGUM then said he was instructed to
name as members of the Committee on Territories
and
motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the Committee ,
on Manufactures consist of the following named !
Senators, viz: Messrs. Butter, Clarke, Jones, and
Upham; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
Agriculture consist of Messrs. Turney, Spruance, :
Walker, and Corwin; which motion was agreed
:o.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on |
Military Affairs consist of Messrs. Borland, ,1
Greene, Shields, and Dawson; which motion was :
agreed to. j
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on |
the Militia consist of Messrs. Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Morton, Clemens, and Spruance; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
Naval Affairs consist of Messrs. Mason, Badger,
Bright, and Miller; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Commiitee on
Public Lands consist of Messrs. Borland, Cor-'
win, Shields, and Smith; which motion was,
agreed to. ,
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on ■
Private Land Claims consist of Messrs. Whit-
comb, Davis of Massachusetts, Clemens, and
Badger; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on !
Indian Affairs consist of Messrs. Sebastian, Bell,
Rusk, and Wales; which motion was agreed to. i
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on |
the Post Office and Post Roads consist of Messrs.1
Blight, Upham, Soule, and Morton; which motion ,
was agreed to. j
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on •
the Public Buildings consist of Messrs. Davis of
Mississippi and Clarke; which motion was agreed
l°Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee to ;
audit and conttol the Contingent Expenses of the ;
Senate consist of Messrs. Walker and Baldwin; j
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on <
Roads and Canals consist of Messrs. Atchison, -
Greene, Foote, and Spruance; which motion was ;
agreed, to. 1
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
Pensions consist of Messrs. Jones, Phelps, Stew-
art and Dayton; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office consist of Messrs
Norris, Wales, Whitcomb, and Dawson; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
Retrenchment consist of Messrs. Houston, Man-
gum, Felch, and Clarke; which motion was agreed
The Senate proceeded to ballot, when there ap-
For Mr. Houston, of Texas    .37
For Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky 35
For Mr. Cooper, of Pennsylvania 35
For Mr. Botler, of South Carolina 34
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio 3
For Mr. Torney, of Tennessee 3
On. Foreign Relations—Messrs. King, Foote,
Webster, Benton, and Mangum.
On Finance—Messrs. Dickinson ,Hun(er,Phelps,
Douglas, and Pearce.
On Commerce—Messrs. Hamlin, SoiJle, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, and .Bell.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Sebastian, Butler,
Clarke, Jones, and Upham.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Sturgeon, Turney,
Spruance, Walker, and Corwin.
On Military .fljairs—.Messrs. Davis of Missis-
sippi, Borland, Greene, Shields, and Dawson:
On the Militia—Messrs. Houston, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Morton, Clemens, and Spruance.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Yulee, Mason,
! Badger, Bright, and Miller.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Felch, Borland, Cor-
win, Shields, and Smith.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Downs,Whit-
comb, Davis of Massachusetts, Clemens, and
Badger.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Atchison, Sebastian,
Bell, Rusk, and Wales.
Of Claims—Messrs. Norris, Whitcomb, Under-
wood, Stewart, and Baldwin.
Od Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Walker,Nor-
Upham, Dodge of Iowa,_and Cooper.
On the Judiciary—Messrs/Butler, Downs, Ber-
rien, Bradbury, and Dayton.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Rusk,
Bright, Upham, Soule, and Morton.
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, Butler, Un-
derwood, Houston, and Cooper.
On Pvhlic Buildings—Messrs. Hunter, Davis of
r. M D . °V®nneB8f" % h .Mississippi, and Clarke.
For Mr. Baldwin, of Connecticut ~ ;! Ju(lit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
For Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin...... ° 11 --  r
For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire,
For Mr. Upham, of Vermont 
For Mr. Badger, of North Carolina
For Mr. Dawson, of Georgia 
For Mr. Dickinson, of New Yoik.
For Mr. Cass, of Michigan 
Messrs. Butler, Underwood, Houston
t0-Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
the Library consist of Messrs. Mason, and
of Mississippi; which motion was agreed to
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Committee on
Enrolled Bills be filled with the name of Mr. Bad-
ger- and that the Committee on Engrossed bills
be filled with the names of Messrs. Corwin ana
Sfbabtivn; and that the Committee on Printing be
filled with the names of Messrs. Hamlin and
Smith; all which several motions were agreed to.
2
2
2 I
1 !
1 i
1
1
and
Cooper, were declared duly elected members of the
Committee on the Territoiies.
Mr. MANGUM then moved that the Senate
proceed to ballot for members of the Committee
on the District of Columbia; which motion having
been agreed to—
Mr. M. said he would name, ir. accordance with
the general understanding, Messrs. Ydlee, Mil-
ler, Shields, and Berrien. .
The Senate then proceeded to ballot, when there
appeared— .
For Mr. Shields, of Illinois 43
j For Mr. Berrien, of Georgia. 42
I For Mr. Miller, of New Jersey 41
For Mr. Yulee, of Florida 39
' For Mr. Corwin, of Ohio 2
For Mr. Hamlin, of Maine  2
For Mr. Norris, of New Hampshire 2
For Mr. Chase, of Ohio  1
For Mr. Cooper, of Pennsylvania 1
i For Mr. Dodge, of Iowa  1
I For Mr. Downs, of Louisiana  1
j For Mr. Hale, of New Hampshire  1
For Mr. Houston, of Texas  1
I Messrs. Yulee, Miller, Shields, and Ber-
j rien, were declared duly elected members of the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
I The Vice President, in calling the names, gave
! precedence in order to those having the highest
1 number of votes, which he was understood to say
1 was in accordance with the rules of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM said that the general under-
standing was that the names should be placed in
' the order in which he had read them, and as they
were recorded on the paper sent to the Chair; but
if it infringed any rule, it could be obviated by
■ moving that they be placed on the Journal and
i printed, as they had been registered on the list;
i and he would make that motion.
Mr. BERRIEN did not deem it necessary to go
through the formality of passing a
II the Senate—Messrs. Dodge of Iowa, W'alker, and
j| Baldwin.
ii OnRoais and Canals—Messrs. Bright, Atchison,
ji Greene, Foote, and Spruance.
j1 On Pensions—Messrs. King, Jones, Phelps,
i! Stewart, and Dayton.
j: On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Mason,
'I Yulee, Miller, Shields, and Berrien.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Tur-
ney, Norris, Wales, Whitcomb, and Dawson.
On Retrenchment—Messrs. Bradbury, Houston,
Mangum, Felch, and Clarke.
Oft the Library—Messrs. Pearce, Mason, and
; Davis of Mississippi.
i Oil Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Rusk and Badger,
i On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Jones, Corwin,
j and Sebastian.
! On Printing—Messrs. Borland, Hamlin, and
: Smith.
I Mr. MANGUM. As we have now succeeded
j in filling up all the committees, in the absence of
I the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
! tions, I move that the Senate proceed to the con-
! sideration of executive business.
i The motion having been agreed to, the Vice
i President ordered the galleries to be cleared, and,
; after a short time spent in executive session, the
j doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
i Wednesday, December 19, 1849.
' The House was called to order at twelve o'clock
1 by Thomas J. Campbell, Esq.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the Jour-
i nal 
i REV. THEOBALD MATHEW.
Mr. BAKER rose and said, that he held in his
hand a resolution which he desired to offer, and
! which, he was sure, would receive the unanimous
> assent of this House. He would-send it to the
j. Clerk's table to be read.
j! The resolution was then read by the Clerk in
:;( the following words;
!! Resolved, That the Uev. Father Mathevv be tespect-
i I fully invited to take a seat upon the floor of this House.
Mr. GIDD1NGS asked that the resolution might
iiiimucc <ju  - j — i a resolution on j', be again read; and the resolution having been read
t"3. Mason, ^ ' 0,,Jo it i' aCThe1question thereon was taken and decided in
1 Senators, it could be effected by common consent.
1 Mr. MANGUM withdrew his motion, and it
' was arranged by common consent that the names
should stand in the order of the paper sent to the
Vice President's chair.
The following is a complete list of the standing
committees of the Senate, as they were, severally
balloted for and appointed:
the affirmative.
So fhe resolution was adopted.
The Doorkeeper of the late House of Repre-
sentatives, Robert E. Horner, Esq., was directed
to see the order of the House executed.
Thereupon, the Rev. Theobald Mathbw was
conducted to a seat within the bar.
