1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
shire. Their appeals are on our table, and it is
impossible to get at them. The fact is, we have
been here for a period equal to a very long session
of Congress, and I venture to say that, since the
foundation of the Government, there never was so
little of the ordinary legislative business of the
country transacted during such a length of time.
The whole time is consumed in making speeches,
and there is no voting. Until yesterday, I do not
know when we hsve voted half a dozen times on
any single day. There have not been a dozen
bills sent to the President during the six months
we have been in session. We have tried meeting
at twelve o'clock, and nothing has been done. Let
us try meeting at eleven, and perhaps Senators
"will get tired of speaking all day, and proceed to
take some votes towards evening.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator who sits before me
[Mr. Hat.e] really wants, as I suppose he does,
to dispatch business, he ought to vote for this
very resolution, which will enlarge the time for
legislative action, and give more time and better
opportunity to dispatch the ordinary public busi-
ness. With regard to the report made by the
Military Committee, of which the Senator from
Mississippi is chairman, what was it? He stated
that he had made a report, with regard to which
there was an equal division in the committee, a
great diversity of opinion, and he proposed fo
take it up now, with that division of opinion in
the committee, and go into its consideration. Now,
I suppose it is a case of which i know very little,
and should expect to be guided very much "by the
opinion and explanation of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I know nothing about it: but 1 suppose
there would be discussion, and a prolongation of
debate upon the subject, and therefore 1 thought
it right not to take it up.
Sir, we have now been six months in session,
and what have we done? The whole country is
anxiously looking; to have us arrive at some con-
clusion on the subject before us, and will the Sen-
ator who sits before me say, interesting as the
subject he presents may be to individuals, that it
is to be compared with that paramount subject
which engrosses everywhere such a feeling
throughout the country ? It is with no unfriendly
spirit towards any measure that 1 have desired the
passage of this resolution. On the contrary, the
very opposite is the case. It is to give time, and
a due hearing to everything. I think by meeting
at eleven o'clock, we can, at all events, dispose of
those subjects which stand in our way, and which
now prevent us from doing anything: with regard
to the great public interests of the country till we
have disposed of them. After these are dispatched,
if gentlemen want more time in committee, we
can meet at twelve, or adjourn over from Thurs-
day. To that I shall have no objection. This is
only to meet the present crisis and exigency, and
the necessity which arises not only from the
public foeling and the nature of the subject, but
from what we all feel who know anything of the
condition of things either in this house or in the
other.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am very glad
to see that there was an error with regard to the
subject which I proposed for consideration. It
was not a bill to be considered for the first time;
it was one which had been passed and sent to the
House, and passed there with an amendment. It
was this amendment only which I wished to have
considered.
Mr. CLAY. But there was a division in the
committee on the amendment. I suppose.
Mr. DAVIS. There was.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Kentucky,
tells me what f ought to do. Perhaps I ought to
listen to him 
Mr. ATCHISON. I ask whether discussion
on the merits of this resolution is in order till it is
taken up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. Debate should be confined to the propriety
of takinir up the resolution.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I consider this discus-
sion out of order.
Mr. HALE. I will endeavor to confine myself
to the reasons why we should not take up the
resolution, and I shall be compelled to refer to
the reasons given by the Senator from Kentucky
why we should take it up. If I understand him,
it is that we should have time to consider and pass
the California bill, which we can do perhaps by
coming here at eleven o'clock ond sitting all day
on Friday and Saturday, in order to have the vote
taken here before it is taken in the House of Rep-
resentatives. That is the reason, as I understand
it. I do not know how far it is consistent with
the rules of the Senate to allude to what is tran-
spiring in the other House. [ do not propose to
raise that question now. I am opposed to taking
up this resolution for the reason which others
assign for taking it up. In this hot weather I do
not want to be driven to work harder, meet earlier,
and sit later, for the purpose of hurrying a measure
through, in anticipation of what may be the action
in the other House. I do not know what the vote
in the House may be, although I suppose the
Senator wants to know. My impression is that
when the House speaks they will speak louder
than any speech that can be made here during any
of these three days. But when a vote shall have
been taken in the other House it will do more to
quiet the country than anything that can be done
here. What has delayed action here? It is this
report of the Committee of Thirteen, which has
occupied nine-tenths of the time of the Senate, and
if that committee had not been raised we should
have gone on and finished the business which has
now accumulated upon our hands, ft is thfs ex-
traordinary attempt made by the committee of
thirteen to tack together all these subjects in one
dish so as to make it palatable—it is that which
has caused this delay. I see the Chair thinks 1
am out of order, and therefore I will sit down.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken on taking up the
resolution, upon which the yeas and nays were as
follows:
YEAS—Mo?rra. Atchison, Bariiror, Bmdbmv, Briirlit,
Rmier, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Footc, Houston, Hunter, Jone«s,
King, M.uaruin, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pratt,
Shield*, Smith. nance, Kluigeon, Tnrney, Cruienvoorl,
ami VThitconib—3U.
NAYS—Baldwin, Bunion, Bonien, Boiland,
Chd^e, Clarke, Clemen*, Cot win, Davis of Mae-sachu^eu?,
Davis of* Dayton, FYloh, Greene, Hale, Pearce,
Seward, Soul6, tlpiiam, and I'lilee—19.
So the motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
"Mr. CLEMENS. 1 now move to amend the
resolution by striking out eleven and inserting; ten.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I desire to
state the reason which shall influence my vote
against this proposition. I do not oppose the res-
olution from any disposition to delay the settle-
ment of this question, which seems to absorb
everything else, or from a desire to shrink from
the labor which sessions beginning; so early and
terminating so late will impose on me; but it is
because there are other indispensable duties which
must be pet formed, and which cannot be performed
if we meet so early and adjoinn so late as is pro-
posed. I am, for example, on a committee charged
with business exceedingly harassing and trouble-
some, anil which requires the committee to meet
every day in the week, when the members of it
are not callcd away by necessary business before
other committees. If we meet at eleven o'clock,
the hour proposed by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Cadger,] that committee
will not probably be able to make any report until
the close of the session, if they make any then.
For these reasons, I cannot vote for the resolution
in the shape in which it was originally introduced,
or for it. if it be amended in the manner proposed
by the honorable Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clemen's.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I made the motion to strike
out eleven and insert ten, for the reason which I
will briefly state. If we meet at eleven o'clock,
we will not be able to attend our business in the
departments and in the committee rooms. And
as we must neglect such business, anyhow, if we
change the hour of meeting, we had"better meet
as early as possible. I voted against taking up
the resolution because I have business that con-
stantly requires my attention until after eleven
o'clock. But if our business is to be neglected,
let us meet as early as possible.
Mr. BADGER Mr. President, I am person-
ally in favor of the amendment proposed by the
honorable Senator from Alabama, and am, person-
ally, very willing to meet at ten o'clock. I should
therefore vote for the amendment without hesita-
tion, so far as I am personally concerned; but I
am well aware that the resolution so amended
would not command the approbation of the Senate.
For that reason, and for that only, I shall vote
against the amendment.
While up, 1 would say to the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who has
taken it in such ill part thai. 1 should object to the
immediate consideration of the joint resolution
which he proposed this morning, that this enlarge-
ment of time which the Senate will have, if the
resolution be adopted, to devote to business, will
be a means of affording an opportunity to gentle-
men to get such necessary business through,
without interfering with that portion of the day
that ought to be devotpd to the consideration of
the order of the day. If his object, therefore, is
to get such business through, he ought to vote for
the resolution which 1 have offered. Unless that
resolution be adopted we must be under the neces-
sity, in the first brief hour, mostly consumed in
morning business, the presentation of* petitions.,
reports, and resolutions, of interposing some ob-
jection to the consideration of measures which
gentlemen may desire to have considered and
passed.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered
on the amendment of Mr. Clemens.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President
from the remarks of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, it would seem that we are to have
two hours of morning business if this resolution
be adopted, i would ask him if such is to be the
case ?
j Mr. BADGER. If the gentleman will consult
: the rules of the Senate, he will find that " the
i President of the Senate shall not call for the orders
j of the day until one o'clock, unless otherwise di-
! rected by the Senate "
' Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
s from the tone of this discussion it is evident that
i the object of meeting an hour eat her than usual is
to begin to consider the report of the Committee of
i Thirteen at twelve o'clock. We shall thus gain
nothing for other measures by meeting an hour
! earlier than the regular time. We can scaicely
j get a quorum so early as eleven o'clock, and in
the mean time the business of the several commit-
tees will have to be neglected. If my services are
in any degree important to the Senate, I would
say that my labors in committee are worth much
more than they are in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, in order to
make myself understood, I must say that! did
not mean to intimate that it would necessarily fol-
low that the Senate should not proceed to the
' consideration of the orders of the day until one
j o'clock; but it seems to me very obvious, that if
! we meet an hour earlier than usual, we can, when
| occasion requires, go half an hour beyond twelve
o'clock, or even go on until one o'clock, if pressing
business, requiring immediate action of the body,
should render such a course proper. That has
been the course heretofore, when the Senate met
at eleven o'clock, as it has been usual to do about
this period of the session.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to suggest that whether
we agree to meet at ten o'clock or at eleven o'clock,
we should adjourn sooner than we do. I myseif
prefer doing: business in the morning. There is a
great deal of business to be done in the committees,
to be sure. But what is the use of the committees
laboring, when no reports which they make can
be acted upon. I prefer being in the Senate Cham-
ber in the morning. Let gentlemen who have pro-
fessional business to attend to take the afternoon
for it.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I understand
that the original resolution to meet at eleven o'clock
was offered in order to afford time to bring to a
termination the debate on the principal bill re-
ported by the Committee of Thirteen. With that
object in view, of course nothing can be gained for
the morning business by meeting at the hour pro-
posed; for I suppose that the consideration of the
order of the day will be called for at twelve o'clock
instead of one o'clock. I am not disposed to be-
lieve that anything can be gained by meeting at
the early hour proposed. For that reason I shall
vote against the resolution.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I understood my
friend from Georgia to say that nothing is to be
gained by meeting at an earlier hour than that
now fixed. The orders of the day constitute all
the business that is before the body, and should
be taken up so soon as the special orders can be
got out of the way. If we meet at eleven o'clock,
