1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
so soon as the special orders can be got out of the
way, the orders of the day, which constitute the
ordinary business of legislation, can be taken up.
I think that the morning: business, petitions, re-
ports, and resolutions, would be expedited by
meeting at the time proposed. I am exceedingly
anxious to dispose of some of these orders, which
are very important. It is utterly impracticable to
get at the ordinary business until the great ques-
tions reported upon by the Committee of Thirteen
shall have been actcd upon.
I shall not vote in favor of meeting at ten o'clock,
oecause I think that the hour between that and the
proposed hour of meeting might be employed by
the committees in getting through the business be-
fore them, which must now be greatly diminished.
We have now been between six and seven months
in session, and of course the business before the
various committees must be greatly diminished. I
am on the same committee with the honorable
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,J and for
myself I am willing to meet at an earher hour, in
order to get through with the business of that
committee, provided that by so doing: I can facili-
tate action here on important public business.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I propose to
amend the amendmentoftheSenator from Alabama
by adding: " and that the Senate shall proceed to
the consideration of the compromise bill one hour
after the meeting of the Senate " 1 desire this
measure to be a temporary one. I know very
wpII 
Mr, CLAY. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator that he can make that motion when we
take up the bill.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to add it to the reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not now
in order.
Mr. MANGUM. But it will be after we shall
have voted on the pending amendment. I shall
vote, Mr. President, for the proposition of the
Senatorfrom Alabama. I was opposed,originally,
to changing the hour of meeting; but it has been
formally announced to the Senate that on Monday
next a proposition will be made for the indefinite
postponement of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Thirteen. I desire that that bill shall be
amended. Though I concur in therepoitof the
Committee of Thirteen, yet I shall give my assent
to reasonable amendments that will make the
measure more agreeable—always retaining the
great principles of that report as the basis. I
shall, theiefore, vote for the earliest hour pro-
posed, with a view of gaining so much more time
for the consideration of this subject. I know
very well, sir, that it is in the power of the Sen-
ate, day by day, to call up that measure for con-
sideration at any moment; but I desire that, when
we make a change so unusual as this at this
period of the session, we shdll^know for what we
do it.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, before the
vote is taken on the amendment, 1 wish to give the
jeasons which will control my vote. 1 voted
a^amst taking up this resolution, for the rpasnns
assigned by other Senators, that there is before the
committees business of such an amount as to
make it almost impossible for Senators to do their
duties m commitiee, and attend to their places in
the Senate at the time proposed by the resolution.
I always like to be here in proper time. It has
pleased the Senate to place me on fo'ur committees,
all of which are woiking committees; and I can
say, in a'l candor, that I have more business on
my hands than I can attend to. Although I <jon-
suVne a very large portion of the twenty-four hours,
I am still behindhand; and if we meet an hour
earlier, I shall irct much more behind. But, for the
very good reasons assigned by the Senator from
Alabama in offering his amendment to make the
hour of meeting ten instead of eleven o'clock, f
shall vote for the earlier hour. If we are to ne-
glcct our duties in committee, we might as well
neglect them altogether. I shall, therefore, vote
fur the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I thought I should
not be under the necessity of saying another word.
The reason offered why we should not meet at the
time proposed-—eleven o'clock—is the great labor
which Senators have to attend to on their respect-
ive committees. As it happens to be a little fash*-
ionable to give experience, I will say that 1 am on
the same committee as the honorable Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Peakce.] The duties of that
committee are very laborious. I happen also to
belong to another important committee. But what
is the use of our acting in committee, when the
reports of committees are laid upon the table and
never acted upon, and cannot be acted upon, until
this other mattershall be disposed of? 1 myself am
willing to devote three or four hours in the evening
to business, in order to get clear of the intermina-
ble matter before us. We are expected to come l
to some issue upon the all-absorbing topic of the
day. The eyes of the whole country, from the
St. Lawrence to the Rio Grande, are upon this
Congress. Excitement rages all over the country.
Bill upon bill has been reported on other subjects,
but they cannot be acted upon. Under all the cir-
cumstances, let us, at least for a few day?, try the
experiment, and see whether or not it will be at-
tended with any beneficial result. i
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I do not under- !
stand that the resolution contemplates any perma- .
nent change in the hour of meeting. The change
is only proposed for the present, for the purpose
of meeting the peculiar state of business now on
our hands. It is intended to meet the peculiar
state of public affairs at this time.
While, sir, it is impossible to get the Senate to !
consider any question of a private character; while
it is impossible to get private bills considered, and
for the reason that this great measure absorbs all
others, I am in favor of changing the hour of
meeting—not to ten o'clock, however, for I do not
believe that practicable; I do not believe that we
could meet at ten o'clock in sufficient numbers to
transact business; but I believe that we can meet
at eleven, and that something will be gained by
that change. I shall vote against the amendment
for another reason. I believe its adoption would
defeat all change.
Mr. CLEMENS. From what has fallen from
the Senator from Indiana, it is necessary that I
ask a question. Is it not the constant practice of
this Senate to make special orders for half-past
twelve o'clock ? And if we can make a special
order for half-past twelve o'clock, can we not for
half-past ten o'clock ? Can we not make the com-
promise bill the special oider for half-past ten !
o'clock? And then who will stay away? j
The question being taken by yeas and nays on !
Mr. Cllmln&'s amendment, it resulted as fol- j
lows: '
YE\S—Mps-ts. Borland, Builfr, Clinse, Clemen?, Cor- i
win, D.ivton, Oodgp of \Viieon*i Dndiic of Jo w a, Douela", i
Hale. Jones, Morton, Pratt,* Seha-tuin, Soul<5, !
Sturgeon, Turnov, Waikei, and YuUje— 20. j
NAYS—Atchison, B 'Idwm, Bell, Ben- i
fnu, Berrien, Bradbury, Bright. O'.iy. Cnnp~r TI.ivj* ot |
Ma-^achtwtts Davis of* Mi>m—ippi, 3).iiv«on, Du-kin-on,
Down-', Fol li, Foote, Greene, Houston, IJuut^r, Ktnsr,
Mason, Miller, Norns, Rusk, Sr-wutd, Slnel-i-, Smitii,
Sprucinee, Underwood, Opium, Webster, and Wluicomb—
3;i.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr, President, I shall not
offer the amendment which I indicated awhile
ago.
Mr. CLEMEZsS. I now move to amend the
resolution by saying that each day, at half-past
eleven o'clock, wc proceed to the consideration of
the compromise bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is not
now in order. It will be properly in order when
that bill shall be taken up.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the resolution
by triking out the word " hereafter," and in-
serting jn°lieu thereof, " from and after Monday
next."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question on the resolution being then taken
by yeas and nays, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Atcln?on, B.uiiit-i, B'-nton. Bradbun .
Rrmlit, Butler, Clav, Cooopi. D:wv-nn, D pkin<o ,
DoiWof Wisconsin,Dorl^ of low ,u T)i>u<:)a*.Down*, Fooje,
Houston, Hunter, Jonp-, King. Uaniriim. >la<on, Miller,
Morton, Nom-. IVatt, Ru?k, Seward, s?hu Ids S-mtli, Spru-
an<?p. Turnev, CJnderwood, V^alktr. and W lutcoml)—-«.>).
N AYS—Mi'*er-\ Baldwin. BertHnt, Bmiand, Cha«e,
Clarke, Corwm. Davis of p,ivn ot Missis-
sippi, Davton. Felch, Gieerie, IIAle, Soule, L pham, Vv colter,
ami Yu!ee—It).
So the resolution was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
On motion of Mr. CLEMENS, the Senate
then proceeded to the con^ider i'i^n of the special
order of the day, being the hill to admit California
as a State into the Union, to establish Territorial
Governments for Utah and New Alexico, and ma-
king proposals to Texas'for the establishment of her
western and northern boundary. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending ques-
tion is on the amendment submitted by the Sena-
tor from New Jersey, to the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, to insert after the word
"slavery," the words "connected with or grow-
ing" oat of any contract hereafter made."
Mr. SEWARD. On that amendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I am inclined to think, Mr.
President, that the amendment submitted by the
Senator from New Jersey, was submitted by him
from an apprehension that there was some consti-
tutional difficulty m the way of the amendment
which I introduced. So far as I have been able
to inform myself, I am inclined to think that the
apprehension is not well founded-. Peon servi-
tude, as it exists in any of those territories, does
not seem to grow out of a species of contract of
any kind, standing alone, as a contract upon
which a prohibition against the validity of con-
tracts would apply; but it seems to grow out of a
kind of local institution, or ordinances of the dif-
ferent cities, communities, or countries. It ap-
pears that there is a kind of piactice there of ad-
vancing wages to the individual wjio enters into a
contract to serve or work. He can extinguish the
debt thus contracted by working it out; but then
his servitude becomes perpetual "by reason of
there being no way of his escaping from it, in
consequence of the prohibition which we find in
the ordinances of the country. I will again read
one of these ordinances, which was brought to
the notice of the Senate yesterday; and by its
operation, you will perceive that the peon is com-
pelled, either to serve his former master, or rather,
I should say, the master to whom he is indebted,
or to go without employment altogether. The
translation of the ordinance is this:
<:Tliat no ];<■i';-Qti whatever shall from henceforth hire or
take into his service anv rndtan without a certificate from
the former einptover ot that Indian stating that the said em-
ployer ha^ no claims on llie services of that Indian foi wages
advanced.
"Any person taking into hi= emplojment any Indian
without -itch certificate, and advancing any money or prop-
erty to the -aid Indian, ahatl forleil any money or property io
advanced ; and it il should be proved that arty Indian lias
been enticed uwayfrom the service of lu-< niaster.the person
convicted of having so enticed Inin shall he hahh lo a fine
not exceeding twenty dollars, nor Jess titan five dollars."
Now, it will be observed that before the servant
can obtain any subsequent employment, he is to
piocnre a certificate from the employer he. has just
left, who may, on the most trifling allegation of
debt, refuse it; and in this way his seivitude is per-
petuated by these oppressive ordinances. Now, it
appears to me, and I think it may also be made to
appear to the Senate, that we can easily abolish
that system of peonage by which the fieedom of a
man is placed entirely within the control of his last
employer—for it is effectually placed within his
control, and all he has to do to prevent his obtain-
ing employment elsewhere is to refuse to grant a
certificate.
For myself, Mr. President, I cannot see that
those contracts are of such a kind that we are
constitutionally prohibited from impairing then-
validity. I therefore hope, that .the amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey may not be adopted;
for I have no doubt that, if he understood this
thing, as 1 think I do, he would be decidedly op-
posed to the continuance of this system of oppres-
sion; of continuing this power and control—cus-
tody, I may call it—in the hands of the employer,
because he may, at some period of his life, h ive
advanced a few dollars to a noor creature who has
been under the necessity of submitting to that spe-
cies of employment. 'However, sir, if I ke m
error, if there be anything in those contracts which
we ought not to impair, I would be as much op-
posed "to doing anything improper in regard to the
rights of contract, as guarantied by the Constitu-
tion, as anv other Senator. But 1 must say that
I do not view it as violating the Constitution m
anv particular, when 1 propose to abolish this sys-
tem.' I must say that I am opposed to slavery m
everv shape; and I will fuither siv now, that my
feelings were greatly moved the other day when i
heard'the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, who sp ike of American citizens Msing
in peonage and bond tge, and under the control ot
Mexicans. My feelings, sir, as ail American, ie-
volted at it; and whi^e my feelings also revolt at
