48
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20.
The Clerk stated the question to be on the
point of order of ihe gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Jnce.1
Mr. POTTER inquired of the Clerk whether
that question had not already been decided ?
A brief conversation passed between Mr. P.
and the Cleric.
Mr. POTTER hoped the House would come to
a vote on the question of order.
The Clerk stated the question to be, whether
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Butler] was in order.
Mr. HILLIARD was understood to suggest
that any resolution which came in conflict with the
resolution first adopted, rescinded that resolution,
and was first in order. If the House should now
think proper to decide upon any other mode of
proceeding than that pointed out in the first reso-
lution, such an order would be, of itself, a recision
of the original rule.
Mr. INGE suggested that the resolution of the
House could not be set aside by any indirect pro-
cess. The only mode by which the rule now in
* force could be rescinded, was by a direct resolu-
tion rescinding it
Mr. HILLIARD was understood to say, Not
at all. Any other resolution which came in con-
flict with the previous resolution, amounted io a
recision of it, and must be in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, addressing
the Clerk, inquired whether the resolution had
been received?
The Clerk said, that that was the point before
the House.
Mr. THOMPSON. Has it been received?
The Clerk. It cannot be received while the
question of order is pending. The resolution has
only been read for information. The question is
on the point of order.
Williams.
Hilliard...
Wilson..,
Alexander H. Stephens
E. C. Cabell  1
La S€re 
Wilmot.
Miller 
Conrad 
Bissell 
McGaughey.
Marshall  
j" 224
I The following is the vote in detail:
I For-Mr. JVinthrop—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
I Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Jireck, Briggs, Brooks, Durrows,
j C. Butler, T. B, Butler, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Claike,
Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Oeberry, Dickey, Dixon,
Duncan, A. Evans, N. Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Coodenovv,
. Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Ilaymond,
| Heburd, Henry, Houston, Hunter, Jackson, J. L. Johnson,
I Kerr, Daniel P. King, Geoi«e G. King, James G. King, John
l A. Kins, Levin, H. Mann, Marshall, Matteson, Fims K. Mc-
1 Lean, Meachain, Mooie, Moretieaii, Nelson, Nea, Newell,
. Ogle, Otis, Plicenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Itisley, iiock-
\ well, Rose, Sackett, Schenck, Sclierinethorn, Scliooicral't, I
! Sliepperd, Silvester, ripauhlu)^, Sprague, Stanly,T. iStevens, |
! Taylor, John B. Thompson, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton,
I Waikins, White, and Williams. i
I For Mr. McClernaml—^lessrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, !'
\ Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bovvlin, A. G. Brown, W.J. Brown, |j
Bud, J. Cable, 11. Cobb, Disney, Dunham, Ewnig, Fitch, ;
j Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, T. JL. Harris, |j
Hoagland, Kaufman, Leffler, Job Mann, Mason, McDowell, |
' McLanahan, It. M. McLane,McMullen, McWiliie, Miller, \\
Old*, Parker, Ptielps, Potter, Robbins, Robinson, Savage, |i
Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William ;
Thompson, Whittlesey, and Young. I
; For Mr. Boyd—Messrs. Boeock, Bowdon, Burt, George |]
: A. Caldwell, Colcock, Daniel, Fealherston, Hackett, Har-
alson, Hartnanson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
i Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Robert W. Johnson, La S£ie,
McClaeen, Meade, Mdlson, Morse, Osr, Powell, Ross, Sed-
don, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas,
Mr. VINTON said, that he understood the reso- !; Ve"ab'e,' Wallace, Wellborn, and Woodwaid.
, . /■ .1 ., ' > p, > . r . | For Mr. Strong—Messis. Bingham, Booth, Cartter, devo-
lution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. 1 - ■ *- - - - — -■ - -
Butler] to be as much an effort to get at the
election of Speaker as a vote would be. The reso-
lution was an effort 
Mr. THOMPSON. The resolution is not re-
ceived. The proposition that no other resolution
could be offered, seemed to carry with it the idea ^
that not even a resolution rescinding the original j !voS™"-MS"rSs'. Morton, Owen, A. IS
one could be introduced. If this were so, it '■ phen«, and Toombs.
seem fit! to him that the House would find itself so ! For Mr. James G. King—Messrs. Duer, Reynolds
land, Dunmiek/Doty, Durkee, Harlan, M%ps, Peck, Root,
VValden,Waldo,Wcntwortii,Wildrick, YVimiot, and Wood.
For Mr. Howell Ojhb—Messrs. Aveieu, Boyd, Fuller,
Gerry, Hammond, A. Johnson, Jones, Littlefield, Sawtelle,
and Stetson.
For Mr. Julian—Messis. Allen, Crowell, Giddmgs, 1'.
Khil'; and Tuck.
For Mr. McDowell—Messrs. W. R.W.Cuhb, F.dmundson,
Ste-
Ittim-
tied up as to be deprived of all power to extricate ]
itself. He thought the resolution of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania was in order. :
Mr. DIMMICK gave his construction of his j
own resolution, (that is, the resolution introduced ;
by him to prohibit debate until the election of
Speaker.) His object was to prevent a general
debate. That was the purpose of the resolution.
The Clerk again stated the question to be on ,
the point of order of the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HILLIARD suggested that the question
was, Shall the resolution be received ?
[Several Voices: No; that is not the question.
The question is, Is the resolution in order?
The resolution having, on a call, been again
read—
Mr. BUTLER proceeded to remark, that his
resolution, if adopted, would, without doubt, give
the House a fair organization.
Mr. INGE called to order.
The Clerk then put the question in this form: ij
Is the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl- ;i
vania in order? i
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the subject be laid j !
upon the table. 'j
And the question was taken, and was declared
by the Clerk to have been decided in the affirma-
tive by a unanimous vote. I
So the subject was laid on the table. i
[Cries: " Call the roll!"] |
The roll was then called the fifty-eighth time, i
when the tellers reported that the whole number of
votes given was 224; necesssry to a choice 113; of ,;
which—
sey, and Thurman.
For Mr. Williams—Messrs
Mr. Winthrop received 86
McClcrnand 46
Boyd 32
Strong 17
Howell Cobb 10
Julian  5
McDowell  5
James G. King 4
Morehead  4
Thaddeus Stevens  2
Ashmun ano J. P. Caldwell.
Foi Mr. T. Stevens— Messrs. Campbell und Howe.
For Mr. Wilson—Mr. Baker.
For Mr. Hilliard—Mr E C. Cabell.
For Mr. Ji. H. Stephen-i—Mr. Clubman.
For Mr. K. C. Cabell—Mr. Hilliaici.
For Mr. La &£re—Mr.
For Mr. Wilmot—Mr. Julian.
For Mr. Miller—Mr. McCIeinan'l.
For Mr. Ojnrad—Mt. Outlaw.
For Mr. Bissell—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. McGaughey—Mr. Wilson.
For Mr. M^tshall—Mr. Winilnop.
No choice.
When the result of the last vote had been an-
nounced, some members demanded that it be a^ain
called, and some demanded an adjournment.
Mr. WOODWARD rose and said that he would
send to the Clerk's table a resolution, which he de-
sired might be read, and he would like to have
one moment to explain it.
The resolution was read by the Clerk in the
words following :
Resolvedy That Linn Boyd, the senior member of the
House, be, and lie is hereby, chosm Speaker pro tern., and
that, upon his assuming the chair, the House will proceed
to the election of Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arnw, Doorkeeper,
and Postmaster; and upon the election of these officers, the
House will proceed to vote for a permanent Speaker, ar.d
will continue so to vote, irom day to day, until a permanent
Spi.aker shall he elected. And, m the mean time, the said
temporary Speaker shall not appoint any commiitee on be-
half of the House, nor shall the Iiouj-e itself elect any, or
entertain any petition, bill, or proposition whatever, looking
to legislation, until such permanent Speaker shall have
been duly elected.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. HAMPTON moved that it be laid on the
:i table.
Mr. WOODWARD asked the yeas and nays;
'j which were ordered.
The resolution, on a call, was again read.
• Mr STANLY inquired, whether the House
> had not already passed upon this proposition ?
[Several Voices: "No."]
Mr, STANLY said it been (jffered.
The Clerk said it had been read for information
only-
Mr. STANLY. The question is on laying the
resolution on the table, is it?
The Clerk assented.
Mr. WOODWARD suggested to gentlemen on
the other (the Whig) side of the House, that they
could, if they chose, limit the resolution, by pro-
viding that the Speaker pro tempore should continue
Speaker but one week.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, suggested to
the gentleman from South Carolina, that instead of
the name of Linn Boyd, the name of the present
clerk (Thomas J. Campbell, Esq.) be inserted for
the pro tempore Speaker. He said he had never
seen a better temporary Speaker than the gentle-
man who now presided.
The question was taken on the motion to lay on
the table, and decided in the affirmative, by yeas
116, nays 103; as follow:
YE AS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Breek, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E, C.
Cibell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell,
Dcberrv, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander
Evans,"Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Giddmgs, Good-
enow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay,
Haymond, llebard, Ilenry, Hilliard, Houston, Howe, Hun-
ter, Jackson,James L. Johnson, Julian, Kerr,Daniel P. King,
George G. King, Jas. G. King, John A. King, Preston King,
Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey,
McKUsock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Peck, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, .Reynolds, Risley,
Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sacketr, Sehenck, Sclier-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding,
Sprague, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Under-
hijl, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wil-
mot, Wilson, and Winthrop—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bing-
ham, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Bnrt, George A. Caldwell, Cartter,
Clmgman, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Dim-
mick, Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland,
Holladay, Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, LaSer,e, Leffler, Littlefield, Job
Mann, Mason,McClernand, McDowell, McLanahan, Robt.
M. McLane, McMullen,McQueen, McWilhe,Meade, Mil-
ler, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee,
Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Svveetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Toombs, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn,
Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, Woodward, and
, Young—103.
So the resolution was laid on,the table.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursdat, Decembe?20, 1849.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and appreved. *
PROPOSED CONFERENCE.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and said that he desired,
with the consent of the House, to propound a
question to his colleague from the Gallipolis dis-
trict, [Mr. Vinton,] if he was present. If not,
then he desired to put it to the gentleman from
Massachusetts who represented the Springfield
district, [Mr. Ashmun.]
The question was this: Whether any intrigue
was going on between the two principal parties of
this House for the apportionment of the several
offices, without reference to, or consultation with,
the minority of the House. If the gentleman
would be kind enough to answer this question, he
(Mr. G.) should feel obliged.
Mr. ASHMUN rose and requested that the geR-
tleman would speak in a louder voice, so that he
(Mr. A.) might distinctly hear the question.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (resuming.) I perceive that
my colleague [Mr. Vinton] is now in his place. I
understand that he presided last night at what was
called a Whig caucus, and that certain proposi-
tions were sent from that body to a like body on
the other side, proposing to apportion the several
offices of this House between the two parties,
without consulting others in the minority. I de-
sire to inquire whether that is true—whether the
rumor is well founded ? I request the gentleman
to answer.
Mr. STANLY. The Whig party of this coun-
try and the Democratic party intend, I trust in
God—and I have trust enough in their patriotism
to believe it—to organize this House, irrespective
of factions from any parts of the country. That
; is all they propose, and that they intend to do.
