THE
JL JLiJLJ
GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1849.
2STtew Series.... No  4.
Mr. GJDDIN&S, (to Mr. Ashmun.) Wil! the
gentleman answer the question, whether a propo-
sition has been suggested by the Whi$ party to
the Democratic party, to divide the offices of the
Elouse, without reference toother parties?
Mr. AS'dMUN. The question is put to me, I
understand. ! answer most emphatically that 
[Cries of" Down in front!"—gentlemen having
left their seats and eathered in the area.]
Mr. WENTWORTH wished the gentleman
from Ohio (Mr. Giddings] to come to the centre
of the Hall, so as to £e heard by gentlemen in all
parts of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh! I can make them hear
if they will only listen.
Mr. ASHMUN. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] to have propounded to
me this question: Whether there was not last night
a Whig caucus, at which the gentleman from Ohio
on my left [Mr. Vinton] presided, which did
make to the Democratic party (then also in cau-
cus) a proposition to divide the offices of this
House between them? I answer, emphatically,
1$o; nothing like it in any form, manner, or resem-
blance, and nothing out of which any man, be he
reasonable or unreasonable, can manufacture such
a statement. I am perfectly free to say what was
done, and then the House and the country can
judge how far any person may be justided in ma-
king the representation which the gentleman from
Ohio, on my right, [Mr. Giddings,] has impliedly
made.
Mr. KING, of New York, (interposing). Wiil
the gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
* Mr. ASHMUN. No; not till 1 have answered
the question of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. KING. I want to ask whether any written
communication passed between the two caucuses?
Mr. GIDDINGS, (to Mr. King. ) I will take
<iare of that.
Mr. STANLY, (to Mr. King.) None of which
anybody on this side will blush when it is brought
before the House.
Mr. ASHMUN still retained the floor, and was
about to proceed, when—
Mr. TOOMBS rose and called the gentleman
from Massachusetts to order, claiming that under
the rule of the House no discussion was allowable.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, appealed to the
gentleman from Georgia, to allow the gentleman
from Massachusetts to make what he (Mr. S.)
supposed to be a statement of what was done by
the two parties last evening.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have no objection to hear the
gantleman, if the rule be rescinded. I behove the
rule to be wrong; but it seems to be used whenever
it suits the convenience of a majority here, and
to be evaded whenever they wish. 1 go for fair
play for tl^e gentleman from Ohio, and for all
others—for a free fight and fair play. Vote down
your resolution, and give every gentleman an op-
portunity to speak; but while the rule stands, en-
force it impartially.
Mr. BURT. With the permission of the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, I move
thai the resolution in question be rescinded.
[Cries of assent and dissent.]
The Clerk, (to Mr. Ashmun.) Does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts yield the floor to the
gentleman from South Carolina'1
Mr. ASHMUN. I do not yield.
Mr. BOWLIN. I offer a resolution to that
[A voice, You have not got the floor to do it.1']
Mr. ASHMUN. 1 do not yield.
Mr. BOWLIN. Let it be read.
Mr. ASHMUN proceeded. 4n inquiry (said
he) was permitted by the House to be made to
me, and the unanimous consent was given that I
should answer that inquiry; and I am now pro-
ceeding to do so under the unanimous consent, and
not m Violation of the rule of the House. I am
merely about to answer the inquiry. I am not
going to debate. .
Mr. TOOMBS. I insist upon the point of
order—that any remarks of the gentleman are
against the rule adopted by this body.
The Clerk stated the point of order to be as
follows: An inquiry was made by the gentleman
from Ohio of the gentleman from Massachusetts;
thegentleman from Massachusetts was proceeding
to make a reply to that inquiry; and in so doing,
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] called
the gentleman to order, or raised the question of
order. The question submitted to the consider-
ation of the House, in relation to the resolution of
the 14th instant, is, whether the gentleman from
Massachusetts be in order? Is the House ready
for the question ?
[Cries of " Question!"]
The question was taken, and the Clerk stated
that without a division he thought the ayes had it.
No division being called for, the question was
decided in the affirmative, and
Mr. ASHMUN proceeded. I am not, Mr.
Clerk, (said he,)about to violate the rule, because
I am not about to* debate any question. I am
merely, by the general consent and courtesy of the
House, proceeding to answer the inquiry of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish the gentleman to un-
derstand it is not by general consent. 1 object.
The House may pass what rules they please, and
put their own construction upon them, but unless
the rule be rescinded the gentleman cannot proceed
by unanimous consent. I object.
Mr. ASHMUN. I can only say, what every
member of the House knows, that when the
inquiry was put there was no objection, and until
i got some way in my answer there was no objec-
tion.
I was about to state, that, as far as I know,
nothing of what the gentleman from Ohio impliedly
represented has taken place. I was present at the
Whig caucus, and I know that no such proposi-
tion was there made, and no such thing suggested;
! and I do not believe that any such proposition was
made or suggested by the Democratic caucus. I
was not there.
1 will state that at the Whig caucus a resolution
was adopted, by which a committee of six gentle-
men—three from the slave States and three from
the free States—was appointed, with authority to
confer with a similar committee to be appointed on
the part of the Democratic caucus, upon a just and
fair mode of organizing this Hou&e. These, sir,
were the terms of the resolution. Beyond this,
nothing has been done. This was communicated
to the Democratic caucus; and whether they as-
sented to it, gentlemen on the other side of the
House can state. I have now stated all the facts,
and the House and the country can judge whether
there is the slightest foundation or justification for
the implication made by thegentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS. i want to put another ques-
tion to the gentleman from Massachusetts. I wish
to know whether the existence of slavery m the
Territories of the United States constitutes any
portion of the basis of that arrangement?
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to a question
of order. The gentleman's first inquiry, he said,
and the reply of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, it is claimed, were made by universal con-
sent. I now object to any further conversation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have put the question by
unanimous consent, and in the name of my con-
stituents and the country, I demand an answer.
Mr. EVANS. I insist upon the point of order.
(Cries of" Go on I1']
Mr. PRESTON KING, I desire to know
whether these communications were in writing?
and if so, I ask that they be produced to the House.
The Clerk, stated the question upon the point
of order raised by Mr. Evans. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, he said, having made a state-
ment, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
proceeded to make a second inquiry; upon which
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] raises
the question of order that the gentleman from Ohio
has no right to put further interrogatories tn the
gentleman from Massachusetts, is the House
ready for the question?
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I make the inquiry of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, in the most re-
spectful manner, whether the existence of slavery
in any Territory of the United States constitutes
any portion of the basis of this arrangement be-
tween the two parties?
Mr. ASHMUN. I answer the gentleman's in-
quiry in the most free and fiank manner. Neither
that or any other question entered, so far as I know,
into the thoughts of gentlemen composing the
meeting which passed the, resolution; or at any
rate entered into the basis of the proposed arrange-
ment, the terms of which are in writing, I tell the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kmc,] and I
hope the correspondence may be produced 
Mr. KING, (in his seat.) Certainly—t hope so.
Mr. ASHMUN, (continuing:.) In order to show
that the intimation of the gentleman from Ohio is
without the slightest foundation in fact.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Now I want to see the
writing.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If it is the de-
sire of the House that the correspondence be read,
I hold it in my hand and will read it.
[Cries of" Read ! read !"] . '
The paper was s^nt up to the Clferk'a desk to be
read.
Before the reading commenced—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose, and said he
wished it to be understood by the House and the
country, that nothing at all had been agreed upon
between the two parties ; that it was merely a
matter for consideration.
The correspondence was then read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the members of the Whig party propose
to the numbers of the Democratic party the appointment
of a committee o! six gentlemen, to meet a committee ol the
same number on the p^rt of the Whig party, tn consult Upon
and report to their n'spective meeting?, a mode of definitive
organization of the House of Representative?, upon just and
fair principles, and lhat Messrs White ol New York, Con-
rad of Louisiana, BreJfoI Keniuoky, Vinton of Ohio,
Stanly of North Carolina, and Ashmun of Massachusetts,
be the committee on the part of the Whigs.
" Attest: SAMUEL F. VINTON,
" Chairman oj iVkig Meeting*
"James Brooks, Secretary
" Resolved, That the chairman of tins meeting appoint
six members of the Democratic party, to confer with the
* committee appointed by the Whig meeting, and report the
result of their conference to a meeting of the Democratic
party, to he held in this Hall on to morrow night.
^'Commute*—Messrs. St anion of Tennessee, Thomp-
son of Pennsylvania, Bayly of Virginia, McClernand of
Illinois, Harris of Alabama, Potter of Ohio.
"Attest: J THOMPSON,
" Chairman of Democratic Meeting-
"R. H. Stanton, Secretary
The reading was concluded amid roars of laugh-
ter from both sides of the House.
A brief pause followed, which was broken by
cries of " Call the roll."
Mr. ROOT rose and said, he wished to makea
suggestion to the House 
[Loud and long-continued cries of " Call the
roll!"—armd which Mr. Root remained calmly
upon his feet, occasionally addressing? " Mr^
Clerk," and as often greeted with " Call the roll*
and met riment.]
Order having been partially restored—
Mr. ROOT (again addressing the Clerk) said:
You won't call the roll for a few moments; I trust
you have too much respect for me. I barely sug-
gest to gentlemen that they ought not to be in
any great hurry to " call the roll >r I do not see
what is to be gained by it. You had better wait
for your joint committee to report. How can
you vote advisedly without that report? We read
that the " ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his
master's crib;'' but for the last fourteen days we
have had a great many stray animals here who
know neither master nor crib.
Mr. STANLY, (interposing.) .1 rise to a pomt
of order. The gentleman from Ohio is certainly
about to debate the question; and 
Mr. ROOT. No; I do not know what the
question is. {Laughter ]
Mr. STANLY. Then the gentleman is about
to debate with no question; whtch is certainly out
of order.
Mr. ROOT. 1 will state a question, which, I
