1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said the debt created the
contract.
Mr. RUSK. I should like to know how a debt
can be created without a contract. This is one of
the institutions growing out of contracts, and can-
not be interfered with without impairing the valid-
ity of contracts. If it is an institution of such an
outrageous character as has been represented, it
ought to be abolished; but it seems to me that
much time and a great deal of breath has been
wasted on the subject of extending the curse of
African slavery into these free territories, when
gentlemen might have exhausted their philanthro-
py on a subject much more worthy.
It has been supposed by some high function-
aries that these people of New Mexico are capable
of forming a State government, and are now ready
to do so and to ask admission as a State; and cer-
tainly, if I am not mistaken, the Senator from Illi-
nois was desirous of giving them that privilege.
Well, sir, if these people are so enlightened, if
they understand so well how to manage all their
polemical matters as to come in as a State, in the
name of common sense, I ask, cannot they be per-
mitted to regulate this matter of their own, about
which we know very little? As a general system,
I believe I know something about its operation,
but not suftieieut to enable me to legislate upon it.
Every city, every town, every municipality has a
right to make regulations about their peons or
servants. And perhaps there may be half a dozen
different systems now existing in New Mexico,
in different localities. Under all the circumstance's,
it seems to me clear that the best plan that we can
adopt is to leave this matter to the regulation of
the people among whom it exists, because we do
not know wnat remedy we can apply. But, sir,
if gentlemen want an object on which to exercise
their philanthropy, let me tell thorn that there is j
now in New Mexico a system of slavery of the j
most abject and heartrending character—a system !
which is not only continued from day to day, but !
is increasing fiom day to day, by the culpable nc- I
gleet of this Government to protect its citizens j
. there, of which I shall present some instances
when the proper time comes; and then 1 hope gen- |
tlemen will use both their eloquence and their votes
in providing for such measuies as will pievent the 1
wives and children of the citi&ensnf that territory >
from being earned off and made slaves to savage :
Indians. j
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have made no harangue on '
the subjcctof black slavery. The gentleman from |
Texas has mistaken entirely the purpoit of my [
observations. 1 think u is probable he did not in- 1
tend to do me the injustice of attributing to me the i
idea which his remarks would seem to convey,
when he spoke about carrying .slavery into the
fiee territories.
Mr. RUSK. The only reference I had to the
Senator from Illinois was that he had said that
these people were capable of forming a free gov-
ernment. If they were so capable, there could be
no doubt about their ability to manage their own
aflairs as related to peonage
Mr. DOUGLAS. Pi wisely. And now one
word upon that point. lie asks me, if these peo-
ple are capable of managing their own affans upon
all other subjects, are they not capablc of mana-
ging their own affairs on this subject; Ceitaiiily
they are. If they are capable of managing all
their affairs in all things except regulating this
matter of servitude, are they not capable of regu-
lating their affairs so far as they relate to master
and servant? I say they are; and I put that very
principle to the test yesterday in the Senate, and
the Senator from Texas voted against that very
principle. Am 1 mistaken ?
Mr. RUSK. What was the question ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I said I yesterday put the
Senate to the test on that very question.
Mr. RUSK. If my vote of yesterday requires
an explanation, I am ready to give it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood the Senator
then to vote that the question of the relation be-
tween master and servant should not be left to the
territorial legislature. I am acting now in obedi-
ence to the decision of the Senate, and if you are
not willing to leave it to the territorial legislature,
I ask you to regulate it yourselves, and let us
abolish this system of peonage. J should not
have a?kcd to abolish this sy.-tcm of peonage if
yon hud been willing to leave the whole question
with them. But if they are competent to regulate
this question of peonage, they certainly are able to
regulate everything relating to slavery of any
other kind. If, however, we are to perpetuate
any system of laws there, let us exclude white
men from being subject to peonage.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment proposed by Mr. Dayton, and
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Biadbury. Clay,
Clemens, Cooper, Pavisol Massachusetts, Dawson, Diyton,
Dickinson, Douglas*, Felch, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason,
Miller, Morton, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, (Jndeiwood,
and Webitei—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bal iwin, Bell, Benton, Borland,
Butler, Chase, Corwin, Davis ol Mississippi, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dod?e of Iowa, Footo, Houston, Jones, Mansmn,
Norris, Pearee, Piatt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Soul6, Tur-
ney, Upham, Walker,'and Whitcomb—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was lost.
The question then recurred on Mr. Walker's
amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. DICKINSON. I know enough about this
peonage, from what I have read and heard, to be-
lieve it to be an execrable kind of service, and one
which it is very desirable to get rid of; hut I do
not desire or intend to complicate this bill, or to
embarrass it with any such questions. Whatever
restrictions may have been placed in other parts of
the bill, were not placed there with my consent,
for I voted to strike them out and get rid of them.
I will not vote to legislate over matters in this
territory so entirely domestic as this is. The re-
striction which has been placed in this bill, or I
should rather say, perhaps, which has been re-
tained in it—by the vote of the Senate yesterday,
does not embrace legislation in the territories
against this form of servitude. "All rightful sub-
jects of legislation" are still left open to them, and
if the people in th« territories have not intelligence
to legislate to regulate a domestic affair of this kind
understandmgly, and as it should be legislated
upon, I shall despair of guiding them in this way
with leading-strings three thousand miles long. I
have no doubt that it is very desirable to get rid
of peonage, and 1 have as little doubt that it will
be done at an eat 1 y day; but I do not desire to
embarrass this bill with it. There is embarrass-
ment enough around it already, and conflict of
views enough, and I therefore prefer to keep it
out, and shall vote to keep it out.
The question was then takerfon Mr. Walker's
amendment, and resulted as follows:
YtfAS—Mes<rc. B iliiwiti, Benton, Bradbury, Chrw, Cnr-
vvin, Davi^ol Mas-acliu>etr«, Dnd«e of Wisconsin, Dodge
<>t' low,i, I)ou<{la^, Felch, (iieene. Hale, Hamlin, Jones,
IVorri steward, Shields, Spruiui^e, Ujihnm and Walker—90.
—Messis. A'cln-on, Badger, Bell, B<rrien, Bor-
land, Bniiht, Butler, Clay, Clemens, Coopei, Uavnof Mis-
Dawson, DioLin.-on, Downs, Fnote, IIomMou, Hun-
ter, Kmc, Mammm. Mii'-on, Moitori, Pearce, Praif, Rusk,
SdMSlian, Simib, Soulo, dungeon, Tumey, Underwood,
Web-ter, and Yulee—J2.
So the amendment was lost.
Mr. CLEMENS. I gave notice of on amend-
ment to the 39th section of the bill, in relation to
the boundary of Texas, on the 16th of May last,
j which I will now move, after having first modified
| it. 1 wish to strike out the word " that" in the
: 14th line, and insert the word "such;" and after
i the word " latitude," in the 16th line, to insertthe
! words " and the legislature thereof may direct."
! Mr. YULEE. We have not yet disposed of
| all the amendments proposed to the 10th section.
Mr CLEMENS. I have no objection to your
amendment being voted on first. I withdraw my
amendment for that purpose.
1 The amendment was accordingly withdrawn,
i Mr. YULEE. Before leaving the tenth section,
! I will propose the amendment which I brought to
the notice of the Senate yesterday. I suppose it
• was the intention of the Senator from Georgia,
; [Mr. Berrien,] and the majority who adopted his
1 amendment, yesteiday, to put this bill, as far as
, relates to the territoiial governments, upon the
| basis of the Clayton compromise. A material
1 point in that compromise has not been reached by
! the amend ment. The idea which ruled in that bill
i was to throw both parties upon their constitutional
rights, removing all obstructions to a fair test, ami
facilitating an -tarly trial. It was alleged by some,
I and understood to have been so decided by the
! Supreme Court, that the Constitution of the United
States did not extend, proprio vigore, to the terri-
tories, but only so far as it was extended there by
| the legislation of Congress. To avoid any em*
: barrassment from this technical point, the Consti-
tution was expressly extended to California and
New Mexico by a section which was the only one,
I believe,' introduced by the Clayton committee.
To prevent the legislature from interrupting by its
local legislation this trial of right under the Con-
stitution, the authority to legislate for "establish-
ing or prohibiting slavery" was interdicted. It
will be recollected also by the Senate;' the exten-
sion of the Constitution to the territories was the
precise point of controversy during the last session.
The Walker amendment, as it was designated at
the time, extended the Constitution to the terri-
tories. It was objected to by the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] and other Senators
mainly on that account, their purpose being to
leave the Mexican Jaws 111 unobstructed force, so
far aslcgislation could accomplish that end. Upon
this point the two interests mainly divided—upon
this point the Senate and House of Representatives
divided—and upon this point all legislation for the
government of the territories failed at that session.
With the view to bring the Senate to a direct vote,
and to determine if it is the intention of the friends
of the measure to ingraft the whole spirit of the
Clayton compromise so far as the territories are
concerned, 1 will offer as an amendment, to be
added at the end of the section, the following
woids: "and the constitution and laws of the
United States are hereby extended over, and de-
clared to be in force in said territory, so far as the
same, or any provisions thereof, may be applica-
ble."
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will allow me, 1
will lead the section m the Clayton compromise
bill, from which it is taken.
Mr. FOOTE. J rose for that purpose.
Mr. YULEE." The thirty-fifth section of the
Clayton compromise bill is as follows:
"Tlmt the Constitution and laws of the United States are
hereby extended over and declare d to be in h rce in the .-aid
Terriiotiesot California and New Mexico, so Tar as the same,
or any provision theieoi, is applicable."
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Piesident, I stated yesterday,
that if the Senator would look at the bill, he would
find the thirty-eighth section to be as follows:
" Be it enacted, That the laws of the United States, which
are not locally inapplicable, bhall have the r-ame (bice and
efilet in the said Territory of New Mcxico as elsewhere m
the United States."
Mr. YULEE.* That provides for the laws only.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator would move to
amend the thirty-eighth section by inserting the
woids " Constitution and," so as to make it read,
" the Constitution and law3 of the United States
not locally inapplicable," it seems to me that
that would be the most appropriate place to intro-
duce it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will say to the Senator from
Florida, that the reason why the amendment which
I proposed to the tenth section was confined as it
is, was that there are two sections in this bill spe-
cially applicable to New Mexico and Utah, one of
which has been read by the Senator from Xven-
tucky, and the other of which is in the same words.
His amendment ought to be offered to those two
sections.
Mr, YULEE. 1 would have no objection, but
my purpose in offering it where I did, and in the
words i did, was, to adhere precisely to the phrase-
ology of the Clayton compromise bill, which is
dopaited from in the section to which the Senator
has called my attention. As a pait of the phrase-
ology had been adopted in the amendment offered
by the Senator from Georgia, it appeared to me
best that the rest should be preserved.
Air. BERRIEN. I should have had no hesita-
tion in adopting that course, if there had not been
two other sections of thi.3 bill by which the laws
of the United States are extended to these territo-
ries. It seemed to me that an amendment propo-
sing to extend the Constitution of the United States
to "those territories, should be made to those sec-
tions which extend there the laws of the United
States, The object sought by the Senator from
Florida would be attained if he would modify his
amendment so as to make it an amendment to the
twenty-first and thirty-eighth sections.
Air. FOOTE. I do not intend to say anything
in opposition to this amendment, except that I
never have doubted, and I trust that no southern
man does, that the Constitution of the United
States was cai ried to these territories by the treaty.
But if this be not the case—and surely speeches
have been made here that ought to convince any
