1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one that it is—if this be not the case, does any one
doubt that the act of establishing territorial gov-
ernments, under the Constitution of the United
States, has the effect of carrying the Constitution
of the United States there? Surely there can be
no doubt upon this point. I do not mean to avow
adetermination to vote against the amendment; for,
in a spirit of compromise, I -will agree to it, but I
regret the disposition manifested to overload the bill
with unnecessary amendments, which may lead to
misinterpretation and mischief.
Mr. CLAY. One word only. On the ques-
tion whether the Constitution of the United States,
immediately upon the adoption of the treaty, was
carried into California and New Mexico, and so
forth, or not, is a question upon which I do not
mean to express any opinion, as it is not necessary.
I am inclined to concur, however, with the Senator
from Mississippi, in the other position which he
takes, that by the passage of this law the Consti-
tution of the United States would be incidentally, or
by implication, carried over those territories. But,
sir, waivmgall these matters, itseems to methat the
amendment can do no harm, because, if the Con-
stitution of the United Slate* is there already, why
our putting it there by another enactment will not
alter the case, if, then, the Senator from Florida
will aiter his amendment so as to insert the word
"constitution" before the word "law," in the
two sections alluded to by the Senator from Geor-
gia, 1 shall make no objection.
Mr. YULEE. I will suggest this course to the
Senator from Kentucky as being preferable to the
one he recommends. I have not carefully exam-
ined the phraseology of the section as it exists in
the bill. I will, therefore, prefer to take the sec-
tion as it exists in the Clayton bill, altering the
word 44 California" to "Utah," so*as to make it
appropriate to this bill, and offer that as a substi-
tute for the 21st section of the bill reported from
the committee.
A Senator. The 31st section.
Mr. YULEE. I understand the 31st section
to be the one which extends the laws of the Uni-
ted States to the territories.
A Senator. Section 38 relates to New Mexico,
section 21 to Utah.
Mr. YULEE. Well, then, I propose to sub-
stitute the words of the Clayton compromise bill
for section 21. *
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, 1 am really indif-
ferent about it. But, with regard to the Clayton
compromise, it has not been made the standard by
which this bill has been drawn atall. f never read
it in my life. We heard something about it yes-
terday, and 1 had learned something about it be-
fore, but the advantage of this clause as it now
stands in the bill is, that it is taken literally, not
from the Clayton bill which did not pass Congress,
but from repeated acts of Congress passed in the
case of Arkansas, and, I think, of Illinois, but cer-
tainly of several other States. I have taken the
precise language—which was adopted also by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] in the original
draught of his bill—I have token the precise lan-
guage of the existing laws,^ in which the li con-
stitution" is not specified. I have no objection to
the specification of the " constitution," but I think
it would be better just to add it to the existing
clause of the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I will move, then, to amend the
bill by striking out the twenty-lirst section, and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following:
«.flai be it farther enacted, That the Constitution and
law* ot"the Uniieil States are hereby extended over, and de-
clared to be Hi toice in the said territory or' FTt.ih, so far as
the same or any prQvisiou iheieof mav be applicable."
Mr. CLAY. Well, I have no objection to that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered on this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have not
been ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, Mr. President, I
rise for the purpose of asking that they may be
given, and I do it for the purpose of recoiding my
vote against the amendment, because it is identical
with the provision of the bill as it now stands in
substance, although the phraseology is not pre-
cisely the same. It is identical with the provision
of the bill as it now stands, with the exception that
it proposes to extend the Constitution over the
territories. 1 am not willing, for one, by a legis-
lative vote, to say that the organic laws of the
United States do not extend over every part of the
1145
country, but that, after we have made by treaty
any acquisition of territory, it then becom.es ne-
cessary hy legislation to extend the organic laws
over that Country, i am not willing to sanction a
principle of that sort by my vote, and I wish to
have an opportunity of voting against it, to show
that I entertain a contrary opinion. I therefore ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to make an appeal to my
honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood,] with whom I perfectly concur as to the
entire uselessness of this amendment. )n a spirit
of conciliation, however, 1 have been willing, at
the suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky, who
sits furthest from me, [Mr. Clay,] to amend the
bill as far as practicable, so as to be satisfactory
to all. I will, therefore, vote for what I consider
to be useless, and refer my honorable friend to a
principle of the common law, with which no one
is more familiar than himself, which runs thus:
utile per inutilt, nonvilialtir; which, liberally trans-
lated , means simply that a surplusage cannot vitiate.
On this principle I can vote for the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am disinclined to put
upon record anything which will juslify the in-
ference hereafter that the Constitution is to be ex-
tended hy legislation. It doe? seem to me to be a
matter of some little consequence, and I would
rather vole against the amendment on that account,
and leave it upon the record that we did not think
it necessary.
Mr. DOUGLAS I agree entirely with the
Senator from Kentucky, who last spoke upon this
point, that the Constitution is there now, but I
also say that if it is not it ought to be. I should
not have had any doubts about voting with the
Senator from Kentucky against this amendment,
but for the fact that, two years ago, a very learned
discussion took place here between distinguished
Senators, to prove whether the Constitution was
or was not in force in the territories. The distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-
ster] made repeated arguments here in contro-
versy with a Senator from South Carolina, now
deceased, [Mr. Calhoun,] to prove that the Con-
stitution did not apply to the territories, unless
extended theie by law. He did not, however,
convince me. I still think that every American
citizen, on American soil, is entitled to the benefits
of the Constitution; but if there is any doubt upon
that subject, if it is not there, it ought to be, and
I shall therefore vote for the amendment, in order
to avoid any controversy upon that point.
Mr. DAYTON. I desire only to ask whether,
if tilt Constitution is not there, you expect to
carry it there by a legislative enactment ?
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I hope we shall not
prolong the discussion as to whether the Constitu-
tion is or is not there, for I believe that a speech
upon either side of this question might be sensibly
made for an hour and a half. (A laugh.) I do not
think there has been any subject which I have so i
much considered in relation to this matter as this
very question; and I musteonfess that my opinion
inclines to what 1 understand to be the opinion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster;]
but let us avoid the question, and not take up and
di-euss a matter of this kind to consume time. If |
the Constitution is there, well and good; if it is j
not there, this enactment will carry it there. I I
will not, however, discuss this question. It is not J
necessary, and I trust the worthy Senator on the I
opposite side .[Mr. Yulee] will be gratified by ;
having his own language introduced into the bill.
I always give way, whenever the question is ;
simply as to the form of expression, both forms i
meaning the same thing, to that which wiil please
most the gentleman who insists on his particular I
phraseology. With that view, f shall cheerfully i
vote with the Senator from Florida, although t !
think he might have accomplished his object m the
manner I suggested.
Mr. YULEE. It was not my purpose when I
offered this amendment, nor shall I now, go into
any extended discussion. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] that it is not my
phraseology which I insist upon, but inasmuch as
the commutee which reported tiiis bill communi-
cated to the Senate its purpose to have adopted the
words of the Clayton compromise, and inasmuch
as, for the purpose of bringing the bill into the shape
of the CUiyton compromise bill, the phraseology
was changed at the instance of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] it appeared to me to be
very proper that we should pursue that purpose by
adopting in this respect also the praseology oi' the
Clayton compromise bill.
Now, sir, with respect to the question pro-
pounded by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Dayton,] I will answer only that the same ques-
tion was put and discussed by that Senator during
the last session of Congress, and was then fully
answered. I am perfectly willing to leave the ar-
gument where it stood then. In respect to the
remarks made by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Foote,] I would say that the Senator when
he voted for the Clayton compromise bill did not
consider it useless. The Senator from Missis-
sippi 
Mr. POOTE. I regret the spirit now mani-
fested by the Senator from Florida, but I will say
to him that when I voted for it then, I thought it
useless, and I voted for it for the same reason that
will induce me to vote for it now.
Mr. YULEE. Well, if the Senator voted for k
in the Clayton compromise bill thinking it use-
less, that was not his opinion, I presume, when he
voted for it in the Walker amendment at the last
session, in the support of which he had so large
a share. The amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, contrasted with that sent us from the
House, presented mainly this single point of dif-
ference, that the one provided for the extension of
the Constitution of the United States, while the
other did not.
Mr. FOOTE. I think the Senator must per-
ceive that there is a difference between the two
cases. In that case the point was considered
doubtful, and was discussed at some length by the
Senator from Massachusetts and others, and it
was deemed prudent to insert this phraseology; but
I do not deem it necessary in the enactment of a
territorial bill like this, because the act itself would
have the effect of extending the Constitution, if it
had not been already extended.
Mr YULEE. I will not press the point. As
the Senator thought it useless on both these occa-
sions, 1 shall be satisfied with the vote he promises
me on the present occasion. With respect to the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] I will
say that, notwithstanding the opinion which the
Senator expresses now, and which he expressed
on a former occasion, when he voted against the
Clayton compromise, a majority of the Senate
adopted the section referred to as a part of the very
gist of the compromise.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do notintend toenterupon
the discussion of this question. Enough was said
about it at the last session, and if I did not satisfy
the Senate then, I shall not go into it now. But
it does appear to me that the adoption of such a
proposition as the one now before the Chair is
subject to great objections. One is, that it extends
the Constitution of the United States "so far as
applicable." Who is to judge how far that is?
There must be something more distinct and defi-
nite than that, if you mean to do anything. And,
then, sir, what are the great principles of the Con-
stitution of the United States? That there shall
be a Government—an Executive, a Senate, and
House of Representatives; and another great prin-
ciple is, that thejudicial office shall be independent.
Well, does the bill say that this shall be the case?
No; it provides that the judicial office shall be de-
pendent. And so you may run through the whole
bill, and compare it with svhat we call the princi-
ples of the Constitution of the United States, and
you will find them equally repugnant to any such
general declaration. Now, sir, I shall take no
pains to resist this proposition at present, but when
it shall get, on some future day, into the Senate, I
shall take the pains to draw up an amendment
stating that ceitain things established as bulwarks
of liberty in the Constitution and law—such as
trial by jury and habeas corpus, &c.—shall be
held to be binding, and obligatory, and lawful, and
paramount in these territories, while they remain
as such.
Mr. BERRIEX. I confess that I hear with
some surprise the objections made by the Senator
from Massachusetts to the terms that the Constitu-
tion of the United States is to be extended to the
United States, "so far as it may be applicable."
Now, sir, the Senator from Massachusetts will
recollect, for he well knows, the common law
principle that governs every rule "so far as ap-
plicable." So the organic laws are adapted and
