1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
Mr. JONES rose to apointof order. He sub-
mitted that the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr.fJewDON] was not in order, because
there had been no intervening action between that
and a similar motion made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin.]
The Clerk stated the point of order, and pot
the question to the House, " Is the motioa to ad-
journ in order?"
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative without a division.
So the House decided that the motion to adjourn
was not in order.
[Cries all over the House: " Call the roll!"]
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The House again proceeded to vote viva voce for
the election of Speaker.
Messrs. Venabi.k of North Carolina, Henry of
Vermont, Gorman of Indiana, and Newell of
New Jersey, resumed their seats at the Clerk's
table as tellers to count the vote.
The roll was then called the fifty-ninth time,
when the tellers reported that the whole number
of votes given was 218; necessary to a choice 110;
of which—
Mr. Stanly received - 75
Mr. McCiernand 50
Mr. Boyd 28
Mr. Strong —  15
Mr. Winthrop - 13
Mr. Wilmot   .7
Mr. Miller,  6
Mr. E. C. Cabell  6
Mr. Schenck  3
Mr. H.Cobb  2
Mr. McDowell  2
Mr. T. Stevens  2
Mr. Bowie  1
Mr, R. M. McLane  1
Mr. Morehead  1
Mr. Beale...  1
Mr. Potter    1
Mr. Conrad  1
Mr. R. W. Johnson  1
Mr McGaughey  1
Mr. Cartter  1
218
The following is the vote in detail;
For Mr. Stanly—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashmun,
Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks,
Burrow.--, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P.
Caldwtll, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Cole, Conrad, Corwin,
Deberrv, Dixon, Ducr, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans,* Freedley, Gould, Grinnell, Hallowny, Hamp'on,
tl.iy, HajmOnd, Henry, Houston, James L.Johnson, Kerr,
Daniel P.King, George G. Kins, James G. King, John A.
King, Levin, Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, Finis E.
McLean, Moore, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Phoenix, Piiman, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose,
flutnsey, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Silvester, Taylor, John 8. Thompson, Tliurman, Underhill,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Walkins, White, Williams, and Win-
throp.
For Mr. McClemarul—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay,
Bavly, Beale, Bissell, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, VVm.
J. Brown, Joseph Cable, H. Cobb, Disney, Dunham, Eiving,
Fitch, Gerrv, Gilinore, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Thos. L.
Harris, Hoagland, Holmes, Kaufman, Leffler, LmletieM, J.
Mann, Mouowell, R. M. McLane, McMullen, MeWillie,
Miller, Millson, Morris, Olds, Parker, Phelps, Potter, Dob-
bins, Robin-on, Savage, S,i telle, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson. Win. Thompson, Whittlesey,
^"For°Mr^—Messrs. Bovvdon, Burt, Geo'ge A. Cald-
well W. It. W. Cohl), Culcock, Daniel, Hackett, Haralson,
H.irinanson, Ishani G t).uns, Sampson W. Harris, Holla-
day, Howard, Robert W Johnson, La hire, Ma.on, McLan-
alian, Mc<3.iiocn, Morse, Powell, Ross, Seddoij, Frederick
f> Stanton, Kicliard H. Stanton, Venable, Wallace, Well-
b7,""r's"Mess,s. Bingham, Booth, Cleveland,
D, lV Harlan, Hibbard, Peaslee, Peck, Stetson, Walden,
Waldo, Weimvorth, Wildrick, Wllmol, and Cartter.
tor Mr. Wmlkrop—M'-s^rs. Conner, Fowler, Goodenow,
Gnu. Hebard, Jackson, Meacham, Nes, Putnam, bpaulatng,
Surasue, Stanlj, and Thaddeus Stevens.
For Mr. Wihnot—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, Giddings, Ju-
lian. Preston Km:, Root, and Tuck
For Mr. Miller—Messrs. Bocock, Green, Andrew John-
son, McCiernand, Meade, and Grr.
Fill Vi. B. C OalteU—Messrs. Clmgmao, Hiluard, Mor
ton, Owen-, A. H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. Schendt—Messrs. Campbell, Crowell, and Hun
For Mr. Howell Cob'— Messrs. Averett and Jones.
For Mr. M Powell— Messrs. Eiimtindson and talrong.
For Mr. T. Sfevews—Messrs. Howe and Horace Mann.
For Mr. .Bowie-Mr. Alston.
For Mr. R. M. McLunt— Mr. Buel.
For Mr M'ir> hctid —Mr. E. C. Cabell.
For Mr. Beale—Mr. Fuller.
For Mr. P.lifer—Mr. Hammond.
For M'. Conrad—Mr. Morehead.
For Mr. R. W. Mason—Mr. Kichaidson.
For Mr. McGaughey—Mr. Saefcelt.
For Mr. Cartter— Mr. Wood.
No choice.
Mr. LEVIN moved that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock. •
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ROO f asked the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion; and, whilst it was yet in doubt whether they
were ordered or not—
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew the motion and sub-
stituted for it a motion that the House adjourn
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, renewed the motion
that the House adjourn until Monday next, at
twelve o'clock. Mr. C. remarked, that he made the
motion because the House was doing no business.
He had business to attend to lor his constituents
at the departments, and he thought his time would
be better occupied in that way than in sitting here
doing nothing.
(Cries: " Go on with the cali of the yeas and
nays. "J
■ Mr. STANTON rose to a question of order.
He submitted that the yeas and nays had been
ordered on the motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] That motion had been
withdrawn, and the yeas and nays had not been
ordered on the motion of the gentleman from Flor-
ida, {Mr. Cabkll.J
Some conversation followed between Mr. Ste-
phens of Georgia arid the Clerk, on the same
point.
Mr. FOWLER asked the yeas and nays on
the motion of the gentleman from Florida, [Mr.
Cabell ]
Tellers were ordered on the call for the yeas and
nays; and Messrs. Levin of Pennsylvania and
Johnson of Arkansas were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—in favor of the yeas and nays 39, against
them 100. !
So, one fifth of the members voting having voted ;
in the affirmative, the yeas and nays were ordered, <
And the question, " Will this House adjourn i
uutil Monday next at twelve o'clock:" was then j
taken, and decided m the negative—yeas 54, nays i
149- . ' !
So ihe House refused to adjourn over to Mon- I
day next. i
And then, on motion of Mr. VENABLE, the j
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock. ;
ter.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 20, 1849.
The Journal having been read—
PRIVILEGE OF THE FLOOR.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated that the first
business before the Senate was the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted yesterday
by the Senator from Wisconsin, and laid over un-
der the rule:
Resolved, That the Rev. Theobald Mathew be permit-
ted to sit within the bar of the Senate during the peuod of
his sojourn ui Washington.
The question being stated upon the resolution—
Mr. CLEMENS rose and said: 1 objected yes-
terday, sir, to the adoption of that resolution, and
it would have been better, perhaps, for me to have
explained to the Senate the reasons which gov-
erned my conduct. But I was then engaged upon
other matters, and now I take the opportunity to i
explain what i should then have said. I object to ;
the passage of this resolution, because the Individ-
ual to whom it refeis has been charged with de- j
nouncing one portion of this Confederacy as little ,
better than a band of lawless pirates. 1 object to
it, because he has been charged with addressing .
an appeal to the people of this country, calling
upon them to carry on a warfare against the insti- |
tutions of the South; and when he was addressed ;
respecting the matter by the chief temperance soci-
eties in the State of Alabama, he refused to answer,
or at least refused to permit that answer to go
before the public. Under these circumstances, 1
do not feel, sir, that, so far as my action may go,
1 could permit a resolution of that sort to pass.
I do not, sir, believe slavery to be a sin; and if
it is a sin, it is one wuh which a foreigner has no
business to interfere. If t listen to the animadver-
sions of the people of sister States with good tem-
per, surely it is ail that can be asked of me. I
shall, therefore, vote against the resolution now,
as I objected to it yesterday. It was in his pa'wer
to reply to the charges, but he refused to do so.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I confess that I
have heard with great regret this opposition made
to the adoption of that resolution. It is a very
small affair, a compliment which cannot be very
highly appreciated, in some of its aspects, to the
reverend person who is named in that resolution.
But, sir, in the little affairs of human life, whether
social or national, I have found that courtesies,
kindness, and small attentions, are often received
with more grateful feelings than those of a more
substantial character. We often appreciate more
the picayunes than we do the double eagles, in the
currency of social and human life.
Perhaps, sir, it was hardly necessary to have
presented this resolution; but it has been offered.
I understand that, according to the usage of the
Senate, any men ber may introduce into the lobby
any distinguished person whom he thinks proper
to introduce. I had understood that to be the rule;
perhaps 1 am mistaken; but, be that as it may, I
think, sir, that that resolution is an homage to
humanity, to philanthropy, to virtue; that it is a
merited tribute to a.man who has achieved a great
social revolution—a revolution in which there has
been no bloodshed, no desolation indicted, no tears
of widows and orphans extracted; and one of the
greatest which has been achieved by any of the
benefactors of mankind. Sir, it is a compliment
due from the Senate, small as it may be; and I put
it in all seriousness, in a spirit of the most perfect
kindness, to the honorable Senator from Alabama,
whether this pushing the subject of slavery in its
collateral and remote branches upon all possible
occasions that may arise during our deliberations
in this body, is not impolitic, unwise, and inju-
rious to the stability of the very institution which
I have no doubt the honorable gentleman would
uphold.
Sir, I have seen something in the papers upon
this subject of Father Mathew's having expressed
some opinions years ago, in Ireland, upon the
subject of slavery. I have seen, on the other
hand, when he came to this country, and got a
nearer and more accurate understanding of the
state of things, he refused to lend himself to the
causeof northern Abolitionists;and in consequence
of that refusal, incurred their severest animadver-
sions. But whether that had occurred or not, in
reference to other causes and other motives, I
submit it to the candor of the honorable Senator
whether it is prudent, right, just, and proper to
refuse a compliment whieh, I venture to say, the
hearts of all mankind accord to this distinguished
foreigner; a compliment no less due to him for his
great services in the cause of humanity, than it is
due to him as an Irish patriot.
Mr. SEWARD. I think, sir, that men often
disagree in regard to the merit of the living, but
seldom differ in regard to the merits of the dead.
This Capitol, its halls, its chambers, and its
grounds, are filled with statuary, memorial of the
illustrious benefactors of mankind, of other na-
tions as well as of our own; and these memorials
are looked upon with pleasure and satisfaction by
all the living. But there is a painful reflection
that occurs to us when we raise these monuments
of the dead. They can convey no encouragement
to the benefactor m the prosecution of his philan-
thropic enterprises. They convey to him no sym-
pathy in the sufferings which he endures. The
resolution before the Senate presents a very differ-
ent occasion—an occasion in which we can, with-
out danger of error, recognize a public benefactor
—a benefactor of mankind; and in which lie
homage which is offered is unalloyed by thepain-
fel reflection that marble cannot hear and cannot
feci.
I need no argument to be addressed to me, sir,
to convince me that it is unnecessary to establish
any connection between this illustrious benefactor
of the human race and our own country, in order
to entitle him to the compliment which it is pro-
posed to offer him, because I regard the interests
of the American nation as the interests of humani-
ty; and whoever, in any part of the globe, haa
relieved the condition of any portion of the human
race, I look upon as entitled to the approbation
and the gratitude of the American nation.
I have said that there was no danger of error.
A nation, a race, interesting from consanguinity ■
interesting by & thousand ties—finds its virtues
