1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
simply to declare what we mean. We are enact-
ing a law which means something—a law which
we desire the people to understand. How, then,
do we ourselves understand it? Senators upon
this side of the Chamber-understand it in one sense;
Senators upon the other side of the Chamber say
that they understand it in another sense. Let us,
then, not deal with the people in ambiguous lan-
guage, but let us declare plainly and frankly what
we do mpan; and when we have intelligibly ex-
pressed what a majority of the Senate understand
the law to be, if this bill is passed, then the people
of these territories will know from us what we
intend to declare the will of the American people
to be.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I rather think the
honorable Senator from Connecticut is talking: of
what emigrants going to the new territories want,
and he wants to give them that by another form
of the Wilmot proviso. Now, that has been voted
upon and rejected. If you get this enactment
made, is it not equivalent to the Wiimot proviso?
And will not one expression of the sense of this
body satisfy the Senator from Connecticut, with-
out prolonging our sessions and our debates day
after day, bv bringing forward the same things,
only in a different shape?
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. Does he understand that such will be
the eflvct of the law, if passed without the amend-
ment i have proposed?
IVJ r. CLAY. If the amendment which the gen-
tleman has offered prevails, it will be cxactly
equivalent to the Wilmot proviso, for it declares
that the law of Mexico abolishing slavery shall
continue in force.
Mr. BALDWIN. My question was, whether
the honorable Senator himself supposed such
would, or would not hp, the construction of the
law, without my amendment?
Mr. CLAY. I have frequently expressed my
opinion on that point, and what I have said I will
not retract, nor have I altered my opinions. But,
sir, in what condition are we, with conflicting
opinions and attempting to make a compromise
without any one opinion triumphing over another?
The Senator said that it was a conceded point that
the Mexican law is the local law in existence.
Why, this is disputed on all sides of the Senate.
I have stated what my opinion was. Other Sena-
tors, whose opinions are entitled to quite as much
wetghtas mine, have expressed adifferentopinion.
Then, again, there is another opinion, that the
Constitution of the United States, the moment it
came to operate on these territories, abrogated the
local law.
Now let us see, assuming that opinion to be cor-
rect, what will be the effect. Remember, I am not
expressing my own opinion, but the opinion of
those learned and able gentlemen who have ex-
pressed the opinion that the Constitution of the
United States, in virtue of its own self-operation,
abolishes ai; the local law, and all obstacles for the
introduction of slaves. How, assuming that to be
correct, will the question then stand, if the Sena-
tor's amendment pievadr The Constitution would
say one thing, and the honorable Senator's amend-
ments would be in direct violation of the Constitu-
tion, if tliat Constitution, according to the opinion
to which I have alluded, has abolished the local
Jaw. !f that opinion be correct, his amendment
will be unconstitutional. But if it were constitu-
tional, it is precisely the Wilmot proviso in another
and different form of expression.
N«nv, sir, I am desirous of arriving at a speedy
conclusion of this matter. I submit to the honor-
able Senators who have so much at heart the snb-
' ier.tof the abolition of African slavery, whether a
"little deference is not clue to the opinion of the
Senate",.which has been expressed over and over
again ? Sir, [ do not myself offer my own course
or my own practice as an example for others. 1
have already had occasion to stale once before
during; this session—and I wi!l now repeat it—that
1 am for the trial of questions by argument and
reason, and if these instruments are not sufficient
to satisfy a majority, I would submit, supposing
that the majority have the same right to their
opinions as I have to mine. I repeat that this prop-
osition the Wilmot proviso, and the second in-
stance of its having been presented after a majority
of the Senate had rejected it.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I do not re-
gard my proposition in the same light in which it is
viewed by the Senator from Kentucky. Ft is not N
offpiing t<> the Senate the Wilmot proviso in a dif- fi
ferent form, but it is offering to the Senate, in a
palpable form, that which the honorable Senator
himself, in reporting this bill, said would be the |j
effect of it, if it should be passed into a law, but ;j
which other Senators deny. Sir, it is simply de- jj
daring what, in the opinion of the majority of rhis jj
Senate, the local law now is. It is not a call upon jj
the Senate to enact any new law, or to pass the j
Wilmot proviso, but it is to declare, as the sense ij
of ihe Senate, what the law now is. It is because j1
other Senators have denied the construction put i!
upon the bill by the Senator from Kentucky, and j|
because rhey have claimed that the law ofM^xico i|
establishingfieedom and prohibiting slavery would jj
be abrogated, that I Slave felt it necessary to intro- i,
duce this amendment, in order that when we are
called to vote upon the bill we can vote under-
standingly for a law which shall be interpreted
alike by us all. I do not wish to send out to the !:
peop'e a bill which one-half of this body under- j;
stands to be one thing, and the other half under- |i
stands to be another and totally different thing. !;
But, sir, there i.-? another ciicumsiance to which j.
I beg leave to call the attention of the Senate, and |!
which will show the necessity of this amendment. ;f
This bill contains a provision for the purchase of :,
a large part of what the State of Texas, an inde- jj
pendent member of this Union, claims as a portion :
of her territory—all that portion of New Mexico !j
lying ea-t of the Rio Grande. The State of Texas !j
is, at ihis very moment, trying to obtain jurisdic- j'
tion in fact over that territory, which she has \\
never, in my judgment, either rightfully held or
attempted before to exetcise. Now, if this bsll be
passed by Congress, prohibiting the people of" the
territories from passing any lawv either for the ad-
mission or the exclusion of slavery, I want to 1,
know what is to be the law of those territories? ;
I want to know whether the slave law of Texas is ■
to be the law of that poitton of New Mexico ly-
ing east of the Rio Grande, or whether ir is to be !
governed by the law of Mexico prohibiting sla- ,
verv? If the law of Texas is to prevail, you will ,■
establish by the provisions of this bill perpetual
slavery over these territories, with no power in
the territorial government to prohibit it. If this ,
amendment prevails, the bill wdl declare that these
territories are under the law of Mexico, fiom 1
whom, and from whose actual possession and ju-
risdiction, we received them by the treaty of1'
Guadalupe Hidalgo. That U the point which I ,
wish to establish. I do not wish to concur in the j
passage of a bill, the effect of which, ir, regard to ,
the, actual state of the law, either in that portion
of this territory of v*hich it is proposed to take a 1
cession from Texas, or m any other portion, shall ,j
not be clearly known.
Now, Mr. President, when this bill was report-
ed to the Senate, other declarations were made by
distinguished members of that committee, besides
those made by the honorable chaiiman him?e!f,
expressive of their views in regard to the effect
of certain provisions in this bill. The Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Berrient.] in reference to the ,
contemplated purchase of territory from Texas,
made this declaration:
'•The recommendation—with which I, in common with
all the other members of tne committee, cordially concur—
which prop isps an nppropri.iimn of a c mam smkh of money
to Texas, in ponsiderHUon of her circumscribing her b. nnd-
ar\—a recommendation which i* founded on lb* assumption
of h«r existence as one of the Stares of tin* Union on the
teims and condition-* on which phe was admitted—*pom<5 to
impose an obligation to explain that the ground which I
have a«nmed precisely that which I occupied when the
resolution of annexation, after having received the a^^nt of
Texas, hw brought hack to the Senate, of*the IJmred State*.
Then, sir. notwithstanding niv opinion that the Co"gre>« of
the United states, in the adop'mn of tiiat resolution, ind
tianscended their con^titutionnl power, I considered that it
was my duty to <ubmit to the will of'the majority, expressed
in the ioun which the Constitution had pre-crd>ed for the
ex-ire^mn of the legislative will. Considering that the
opinion winch I personally entertained as to the ooiwmt!-
tionaiitv of this mea-me had been overruled bv the decision
of the "competent constitutional authority of the United
States, I acquiesced then. a< f have done ever since, in the
vahdiiv of that act; and, th< refbre, I have cord ally con-
curred in the proposition to which the report refer*—that
winch recognws IVxas as the rightful pioprietor of the
foiI u hich the United States proposes to acquire from that
State."
Now, sir, if in the opinion of Congress Texas
is the rightful proprietor of the soil and jurisdiction
i of the territory east of the Rio Grande, to be ceded
I to the United "States on the terms proposed in this
I bill, what will hereafter be the claim? Why,
simply, that the law of Texas and not the law of
Mexico will prevail over this entire territory; thai
it shall be converted into sla\e teiritory, a'though
m point of fact Texas lias never, for one moment,
exercised jurisdiction over it. That territory east
/>f ihe Rio Grande has beeft, from the time of the
first prohibition of slavery by the Mexican law
down to the present time, as mi-ch dedicated to
freedom as the soil of anv free State in this Union.
Now, if the honorable Senator from Georgia, un-
derstands correctly what will be the relations of the
people of this territory to the Government of the
Uni ed States when this cession shall be" made, if
he is correct in his supposition that, we shall re.-
cognize Texas as the proprietor of this territory,
then it will follow that the Texan law or law of
slavery will be claimed by Senators who concur
with that distinguished Senator in opinion, to be
the law of this territory. It is to exclude any such
conclusions that I have offered this amendment.
But the honorable Senator from Geoieia is not alone
in the expression of that opinion. The same opin-
ion was expressed by another Senator, by one of
the Senators from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,} in
reply to the Senatoi from Alabama, [Mr. Cjlemens.J
That Senator used the following language:
<* Yes, sir, J insisted then ibat nosc^enie ofcession should
be proposed to Texas which did not caufiovt>!y reseric to the
territory in uluch the ri&ht of jroj&ty in the yullie fcutis wan
to he fivrchiiseJ. the principle of comjnornise embodied in lie
resolutions of anncx-it'Mii ,* this Very thing was done by tJio
report of the committee ; and jet the honorable Senator
from Alabama can fee no difference in fid* respect between
the bill of the Senator from Mi&souii and the present one.'
Sir, with this difference of opinion expressed in
the Senate, by members of this body who are in
favor of the lull reported by this committee, am I
not right in supposing that a difference of opinion
prevails among other Senators, who are expected
to unite in the passage of this bill, as to what will
be the legal effect of it, if it does not receive some
such amendment as that which I have proposed ?
If it be indeed the intention of the Committee of
Thirteen, if it be the intention of the majority of
this Senate, that the law of Mexico, the sta'uquo,
■ shall remain until it is altered by Congress, why-
shall we not say so? The honorable Senator from
. Kentucky says that it is a constitutional question,
, and that you are called upon to decide upon your
constitutional powers. Are we not called upon,
' sir, to decide upon our constitutional powers
: whenever a bill is presented for enactment into a
' law? We must always decide what we believe to
be our constitutional powers, and, having settled
; that question to our own satisfaction, we act in
pursuance, of those powers as we understand them.
Then, and not till then, is it the proper time to turn
' over a question of this sort to the judges of the
: United States for their decision.
I deny that, according to any just theory of our
Constitution, we can in the first intance turn over
a great political question to the decision of that tri-
bunal No, sir. The judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States should be kept free from
' the turmoil of political agitation and from the sus-
picion even of sectional bias, when they are called'
upon to decide questions upon which ihe people
! of this country are sectionally arrayed, and w a
I great measure opposed to each other. It is for us
to meet this question. It is for us to tell what we
' mean, and when we have told the people what we
! intend shall be the law, then, if we have misjudged
' our constitutional powers, will it be the tune for
those who claim to be injuriously affected by ouf
legislation to appeal to that high tribunal to decide
between them and us.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, 1 have hut a
few words to say in reply to the honorable Senator
from Connecticut. That honorable Senator could
have relieved himself from his embarrassment on
discovering that some individual members of the
Committee of Thirteen entertained the opinion
that the purchase of this portion of the State of
Texas would bean acknowledgment on the part
; of the United States, of the title of Texas to the
! territory which has been referred to, by referring
; to the report itself. True, that opinion was ex-
' pressed by me and by another member of thecom-
' mittee, as a reason which induced us to concur in
that proposi'ion of the committee. But the
orable Senator would have relieved himself of all
his embarrassment if he had referred to the report
of the committee and the provisions
which expressly preclude that conclusion, bo
much for that
