1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Now, as to the operation of the Mexican law as
provided for by the amendment of the Senator.
The difference between the Wilmot proviso and
the amendment of the Senator, is exactly the differ-
ence.between an enacting and a declaratory statute.
If the Mexican law were not of force in the view
of the Senator, and if slavery could be permitted
to exist in the territories, he would introduce an
amendment which would be enactive. That would
be the Vv^ilmot proviso in terms. But as there is
a diversity of opinion between Senators as to the
question whether the Mexican laws inhibiting
slavery are, or are not in force, for the purpose of
settling this doctrine by the authority of the Con-
gress of the United States, the Senator proposes a
declaratory statute, which shall perform the office
of an enacting statute, containing the Wilmot pro-
viso in terms. This is the simple and only differ-
ence between the amendment which the Senator
has introduced and the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, what the law is, so
far as respects existing rights, is a question for the
judiciary. What the law shall bej is a'question
for the legislature. If we have legislative jurisdic-
tion over a subject, we may make or change the
law at pleasure. If we have not, and pass a de-
claratory law, such a law is a mere expression of
opinion, and binding upon nobody.
Mr. BALDWIN. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ATCHISON. I propose to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut by
striking out all after the word " be," in the third
line, and inserting, " and the same are hereby re-
pealed."
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have been sitting
here for some time trying to get the floor to offer
a very sensible amendment, that does not relate to
slavery or peonage. It is a practical one. I have
consulted with some of "the leading members of
the Senate" in relation to it, and they have con-
curred in it. I am well aware that we shall not
effect anything so practical for some time. I have
lately changed my boarding-house, and I dine half
an hour earlier than formerly. [Laughter.] I
therefore move that the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. KINGr. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HALE. Certainly, if the honorable Sena-
tor will renew it.
Mr. KING. I cannot promise that. I rose
simply to ask my friend from Missouri to with-
draw his amendment. I wish to vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut, and
to stamp it with the reprobation which it deserves.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment will be
withdrawn, in order that we can vote on the
affirmative proposition.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, I only
offered the amendment because I was convinced
from the manner of the Senator from Connecticut
that he was really in earnest. I thought that the
sense of the Senate might as well be tested on the
subject of the Mexican law relating to slavery by
a proposition to repeal, as by a proposition to
affirm that Mexican law.
Mr. KING. Withdraw the amendment.
Several Senators. Withdraw it.
Mr. ATCHISON. It seems to be the general
sense of my friends on this side of the house that
they be not tested on this question. [Laughter.]
I will therefore withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I now renew my motion to
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, this
amendment involves a question of more human
liberty than has ever been involved since the im-
mortal Declaration of Independence. I would
therefore suggest to the very worthy and respecta-
ble Senator from Connecticut, that he had better
enlarge his proposition so as to carry to the terri-
tories that other and " higher law" of the Senator
from New Yoik, [Mr. SbivAKu.] [Laughter.]
The question was then taken by veas arid nays
on Mr. Baldwin's amendment, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—B.ildwin, Bradbury, Bright, Clia=e
Cooper, Cm win, Davis nf M-i^Achu-spu^ Davton, Dod c
of Whcoiimh, DougUs, Feloli, Greene, Hale Hninhn
Miller, iVorns. Seward, Shield*, Smith. Snruarice, Unban/
VV. lkfr, (tnd Whitcomb—23,
NAYS—Me^r*. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien
Borland, Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson. Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foote,
Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soufe, Sturgeon, Turney,
Underwood, and Yulee—32.
Mr. FOOTE then submitted the following
amendments, which were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed:
Strike out the 10th line, 39th section, and to the word
'thereon' inelusive in the lltli line, and insert in lieu thereof
'where the 34th degree of north latitude crosses said
river.' "
At the end of the bill add as follows:
" Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be
so construed as in any manner to impair the rights of the
State of Texas to all the territory claimed by her in the
event that the terms proposed to said State of Texas should
not be accepted."
Mr. RUSK. I move that the. further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, and that it be made the special
order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jane 7, 1850.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
POST ROUTE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Officc and
Post Ronds he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post-route from Jacksonville, in Illinois, via
Pnneetnn, Plea-ant Plain, Claiio's Giove, Pttersburg, and
Sugar Grove, to Middletown, in said State.
Mr. BURT moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
- Mr. DANIEL (this beins; private bill day)
moved that this House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER said the latter motion would,
this day, have the precedence.
SPECIFICATIONS FOR PATENTS.
Mr. STANLY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced thefollowing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolrefiy That the Committee on Patents be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of providing bv law that speci-
fications of applicants for patents shall be prepared bv some
proper person in the Patent Office, when such applicants
are unable to prepare them.
PRIVATE.
Mr. HOAGLAND, on leave, introduced a bill
of the following title (of which he said notice had
been given:)
A bill for the relief of Charles Hinckle.
The bill having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. TUCK rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion. He desired to correct a report in the " Dailv
Globe.'1 *
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER said, the question was not a
privileged question.
. The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr Daniel, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the motion of Mr. Burt, and was decided in the
affirmative.
CALIFORNIA.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special message of the President of the
United States relating to California.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, was entitled
to the floor, but yielded to several gentlemen who
desired to give nptice of amendments.
Mr. HUBBARD gave notice that he would, at
the proper time, submit the following, as an amend-
ment to the proposition submitted by Mr. Jones,
to provide governments for NewMexico andUlah:
" The riL'htof the Ciiizpns of tlie several States and terri-
tories of tljK Union, in so fai as the) exist, or are sanc-
tioned by the Constitution and taws of the United States to
migrate with their property into the said territories, shall
not he ob-tructed or impaired by any law, usage, orcuMorn
exK-tmi; or in loree m said territories now, or at ihe period'
of their acquisition irom Mexico; and the rights of everv
citizen ot the United States, existing under or recognized
by the said Constitution, to protection in his person and
property,are heiehy recognized as existing in said ternto-
tories.
Mr. RICHARDSON gave notice that he would
at the proper time introduce, as a substitute for the
bill of Mr. Doty to admit California as a State, a
I bill to admit California as a State into the Union,
! and to establish a territorial government for New
: Mexico.
[The first four sections of this bill provide for
the admission of California on an equal footing
with the original States, with her constitutional
bounds, and with the right to two Representatives,
until a census shall have been taken.
The other fifteen sections of the bill provide a
territorial government for New Mexico. The
fifth section provides that all that portion of the
territory of the United States acquired from Mex-
ico by the treaty concluded "February 2d, 1848,
and not included within the State of California,
shall be erected into a temporary government by
the name of the Territory of New Mexico. Pro-
viding also, that this shall not inhibit the United
States from dividing said Territory into two or more
territories, or from attaching any portion thereof,
to any other Territory or State.]
Section ten, which defines the powers of the ter-
ritorial legislature, extends it to ail rightful subjects
of legislation consistent with the Constitution of
the United States and the provisions of this act—
and thus neither affirms nor restricts the power of
the legislature over the question of slavery.
In regard to the boundary between New Mex-
ico and Texas, this bill leaves it an open question,
and subject to future adjustment ]
Mr. WILLIAMS, by the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [iMr. Caldwell.] gave
notice to the committee, and sent to the Clerk's
table a bill to admit California as a State into the
Union, and to establish territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico. He said that he would,
at a proper time, offer the said bill as a substitute
for the bill for the.admission of California offered
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty.]
Mr. W. stated that his object was to disconnect
the Texas boundary question, the fugitive slave
bill, the question of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, and present for the consideration, and he
hoped the adoption by the committee, of a plan of
adjustment that would settle the question of slavery
as connected with the territory acquired from
Mexico. Adjust that question, and the other diffi-
cult questions ifi relation to slavery would be
more easily arranged, in his opinion.
Mr. CALDWELL then resumed the floor, and
addressed the committee during the allotted hour.
| He referred to the alarm which had seized upon
the great popular heart in respect to the question
now before the committee. The eyes of all na-
tions, he said, were upon them. The voice of the
people demanded to know whether the question
could be settled or not. That answer was in the
womb of time. He-could not, nor did he believe
that the wisdom of man could, now give that an-
swer. For himself, God knew that there was no
personal sacrifice which he would not make to
preserve our glorious Constitution. But the ques-
tion still came back, could Congress agree upon
any terms by which the controversy could be set-
tled ? To ascertain this, it might not be amiss to
I look into the causes which had created the diffi-
• culty. To arrive at a satisfactory explanation of
| these causes, it would be requisite to go back far
] beyond the date of the acquisition of the territory
' from Mexico. The difficulty was much older and
deeper. The country had long previously been
agitated. Fanaticism, it was true, had had some
part in bringing about the state of things which
now existed, but that fanaticism had been made
use of by those who had their own ulterior ends to
accomplish. The whole difficulty was to be traced
to a struggle for political ascendcncy on the part
of the North. The contest had been rag-mg al-
most from the commencement of the Government.
No opportunity had been permitted to pass on the
part of northern politicians, without availing them-
selves of it to appeal to northern sympathies m aid
of the nurposes they had in view. He legretted
to know that many honest men ih the North, who
had no sympathy with the objects sought to be
attained, had yet been deluded into the support of
measures having these objects in view. He ad-
verted to the early history of parties since the
election of Jefferson, to show that from that hour
the whole contest on the part of northern poli-
ticians had been for political ascendency, and he
referred, in this connection, to the various devices
to which the Federal party had resorted for the
