56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20*
none of them opposed the resolution on this
ground; but still this may, and I fear will, be the
effect of its rejection. I do not wish, when he is
about to cross our borders, to push him back with
an inhospitable and unkind hand. I wish to cheer
him on in his good work. I do not intend to do
anything; that will seem like repelling him from my
State. I want him to go there. I think I can say
for the people of my State that he will be received
with open arms and the kindest greetings; and 1
will not do anything here offensive to such a
feeling.'
Some members of the Senate seem to be dis-
posed to vote against the resolution in consequence
of the speech made in its favor by the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] and the grounds
taken by him. My mind has not been influenced
by that fact. I think of his effort very much as
the Senator from Mississippi has characterized it.
Very likely he took that ground to start this issue,
and to throw us in a false position and weaken our
cause. I do not wish or intend to be influenced
by him in any way. I do not wish to fall into,
perhaps, the very trap he has set for us. I wish
to vote on this, as on all other occasions, entirely
uninfluenced by what he says or does. If he
thinks I shall vote against this resolution because
he advocates it, I wish, for one, to show him that
he cannot influence me in that Way any more than
in any other. 1 wish him not to spring a new
issue on us.
These are briefly the reasons which induce me
to vote against laying the resolution on the table,
and to vote for it on its passage. 1 should be doing
violence to my own feelings, as well as those of
the people of my State, if I vote^ differently, and
agamst the cause of humanity.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to ielieve myself from
any misconception which the Senator from Lou-
isiana might have with regard to myself. 1 do
not doubt that Father Mathew is entitled to the
respect and gratitude of all men for his philan-
thropic and benevolent exertions, which have
made him so useful to his fellow-men. i do not
question the purity of his character, but consider
him entitled to the respect of all. The motives
which induce me to vote for the motion of the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] are
those which he has assigned. I think that the
rules which we have adopted—which have been
made with respect to certain persons being admit-
ted within the Senate Chamber—ought to be pre-
served. This is an evil precedent, and one which
will expand very soon, so as to be of very great
inconvenience.
It will, perhaps, be but a little while before we
shall have the presence in this country of Kossuth,
the great apostle of Hungary. Perhaps he may
be already on our shores. Gorgey may also
come, and then we may have a discussion upon
the question of his fidelity to Hungarian liberty
arid independence. Some gentlemen may believe,
as Kossuth thinks, that he has betrayed his coun-
try. Others may believe that he is its noblest
spirit, as he is admitted to be its^est warrior.
This discussion we may have upon a resolution
being offered to accord to them this very privilege
of the Chamber. It is very easy to see how the
Senate may be involved in the discussion of the
characters of these and other men—very much
like the case now before us. Sir, I hold Father
Mathew's exertions in the cause of temperance,
and his personal character, in the highest respect,
and if any gentleman had thought proper to intro-
duce him privately upon this floor, I should not
be opposed to it. But I cannot vote for this reso-
lution, which is but the beginning of frequent repe-
tions and great inconvenience.
It hss just this moment occurred to me that since
this resolution has been submitted to the Senate, a
Senator has received a card from an officer of the
army, of distinguished merit and gaiiantry, but
who is not entitled, under the rules of the Senate,
to admission on the floor, as he does not come
within the classes who are permitted to enter by
the rule. If you make a precedent now, it will be
followed up, and the end will be that the Senate
of the United States will become a sort of court
to give certificates of merit and good behavior.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is much good sense in
the remarks of the honorable Senator who has just
taken his seat, in regard to the principle which is
about to be established. 1 think the whole argu-
ment he has made against this resolution will apply
equally well to every resolution for the purpose of
tendering a vote of thanks to any individual who
has distinguished himself in the service of his
country, because the grades of m£rit from the
highest to the lowest are so imperceptible that you
will hardly know where to stop. In passing a
vote of thanks to a distinguished officer, whose
merits are so unequivocal as to leave no question
as to the propriety of such a course, we have no
difficulty in knowing where to begin. 1 apprehend
that no one would pretend for a moment that if
there was any distinguished foreigner more entitled
to this compliment than another, the one who is
now proposed would be placed in the first rank.
I therefore see no difficulty in voting for this reso-
lution. 1 only regret that it cannot be unanimous.
I do not know why 1 should be called upon to
approve, by my vote for this resolution, the opin-
ions of Father Mathew upon the slavery question,
any more than to approve his sentiments upon
religion. How is it, then, that in this case it is
contended that this compliment to an individual
implies an approval of every opinion that he may
entertain upon political, religious, or moral ques-
tions ?
When the proposition was pending here some
time ago, voting thanks fo General Taylor for his
military services, did northern men consider that
by voting thanks we were thereby approving his
views upon slavery? Or in Young thanks to a
northern general who might be an advocate of the
restriction of slavery, did southern men think
they were approving the opinions of that general
upon political questions? By no means. A vote
of thanks to them was for their distinguished ser-
vices upon the battle-field. When we paid a com-
pliment to Lafayette, it was for his patriotism and
for his friendship to this country. And when we
pay this compliment to Father Mathew, it is out
of respect to his character as a man, and the ser-
vices he has rendered to the whole civilized woild,
by the great cause m which he is engaged, and in
which he has acquired all his distinction. And
this approval and encouragement of his efforts in
the cause of temperance involves the approval of
his opinions upon the subject of slavery, religion,
or politics no more than if he entertained no opin-
ions whatever.
I see, therefore, no difficulty in giving a vote
upon this resolution, or in northern men or south-
ern men giving their votes upon it. The only
strange feature m it is, that the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] should advocate it because of
his fidelity to the abolition cause, and that the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] should
repudiate him because he was not committed upon
the subject of slavery. The disagreement of these
two Senators shows that when they come to talk
about Father Mathew's slavery opinions, they
know nothing of that which they are talking
about, and which they ought not to bring forward
as a matter of debate.
Mr. HALE. Was it the Senator from New
York, or the Senator from New Hampshire, or
either of them, that introduced the subject of
slavery in connection with Father Mathew?
Mr. DOUGLAS So far as i heard, it was one
of them.
Mr. HALE. I understood it to be introduced
by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens.]
Mr. DOUGL&S. That may be. i did not h'ear
the remarks made by him.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
indicate upon what portion of the remarks of the
Senator from New York the Senator from Illinois
predicates the remark that the Senator from New
York undertook to vouch for the opinions of The-
obald Mathew on the subject of slavery?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot repeat the precise
sen tence.
Mr. SEWARD. The idea, if you please.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood the Senator
from New York to advocate this resolution as an
encouragement of anti-slavery sentiments, and I
have noticed that the same construction has been
given to it throughout the debate. I should be
very happy to hear that 1 misunderstood the hon-
orable Senator.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from New York
submitted to misapprehension, because he always
prefers to lie under misapprehension rather than
interrupt debate by merely personal explanations.
The Senator from New York received his informa-
tion, as to the objectioti to thi3 resolution, from
the Senator from Alabama, whose sole objectioti
was, that Father Mathew, once upon a time,
signed an adress in Ireland, with Daniel O'Con-
nell, to the Irish in America, relative to the subject
of slavery, and when called upon had not retracted
it. The Senator from New York argued that he
had the same right to express his opinions; and
that the tribute proposed to be paid to him should
not be withheld from him simply because he has
sympathized with what the Senator from New
York had considered the cause of human freedom.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am happy to hear this ex-
planation, for I am allowed to consider the ex-
planation as a disavowal of any intention to advocate
here peculiar sentiments upon the subject of sla-
very. I think it is doing injustice to the charac-
ter of this distinguished philanthropist to attempt
Lo connect his name with the subject of slavery,.on
this side or on the other. I think it was an act of
gross injustice—of gross impropriety—on the part
of the Abolition Society of Boston, to attempt to
prostitute the fame of this"distinguished' philan-
thropist by trying to entrap him into the move-
ments of that society. I think it unjust to his fame
to attempt to identify him with either side in this
question, or any other of a domestic character re-
lating to this country. It would bean act of gross
injustice to him to attempt to draw him out as a
Whig or a Democrat, an Abolitionist or a Non-
1 nterventionist. He comes here upon a great mis-
sion, which commends the admiration and sym-
pathy of all men who have a heart to feel and a
mind to comprehend the philanthropic efforts of a
great and noble soul. We ought to wish him en-
couragement in this great cause, but we ought not
to attempt to avail ourselves in our party struggles
of his popularity to build us up in these strifes one
with another. Sir, he who would attempt to iden-
tify Father Mathew with one side or the other,
woukl draw upon his head the contempt of alt
honest people, as being a demagogue who would
trifle with the holiest sentiments and the purest
cause, for the purpose of making a little popularity
for himself. His cause is above that of'any man
who would attempt to defile or prostitute it for any
such purposes as these.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would ask if any of the
honorable Senator's remarks are intended for me ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not hear any of the
remarks of the Senator from Alabama. I supposed
the subject was introduced by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I am to understand, then, that
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois are intend-
ed for me>
Mr. DOUGLAS.
upon that point.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator hear me for a
moment? The Senator speaks of those who in-
troduced the subject of slavery. It certainly was
neither 1 nor anybody on this side of the house.
It was, as the Senate well know, the honorable
Senator from Alabama, who made exception to
extending this invitation to Father Mathew, upon
the ground that he had expressed anti-slavery
sentiments.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot say that these re-
marks were intended for any Senator, 1 can hardly
select any to whom I could apply them. They
were called forth by the manner in which I find
this investigation going on, with regard <to this
gentleman's sentiments on the slavery question,
and with regard to his admission upon, or exclu-
sion from, this floor. But, sir, I was expressing
the sentiments of my own heart when I said that
I thought no such inquiry should be made. I would
say here, that these are only my opinions. It is
not my right or province to prescribe a rule for any
other Senator. Far from me be it to make a per-
sonal or individual application of rtiy remarks to
any Senator whatever. I only wish to say that
the Senator had no right to classify Father Mathew
as an abolitionist, merely from a remark made by
the Senator from Alabama. Every gentleman should
be at liberty to vote for this resolution, without
being compelled to approve or disapprove of the
opinions of Father Mathew upon the subject of
slavery. These, sir, were the objects I had in
view in making the remarks 1 did. If there was
anything harsh or unkind, it was no£ my desire to
make them so ; but to harmonize and resto're good
feeling, instead of unkind feeling, upon a question
which I think ought not to have taken a momettt
for its consideration and adoption.
I will put the Senator right
