1819.
TH-E
Mr. MASON obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. CLEMENS, who said: I did not anticipate
a debate of this character when I stated my objec-
tions to the adoption of the resolution on the table.
My sole object was to define my own position,and
to explain very briefly the reasons why I could,
not vote for it. 1 have as much respect for Father
Mathew, as the great Apostle of Temperance, as
any Senator on this floor. 1 am myself a. teetotaller,
and for that part of his mission he has all of my
sympathies. But when the fact is known to me
that the temperance societies in several of the
southern States have recently withdrawn the invi-
tations they had previously sent him, on account
of his unwarrantable interference with our domes-
tic institutions; when 1 know that southern feeling
at this moment is anything but favorable to him, I
cannot consent to confer upon him by my vote a
most extraordinary honor.
The Senator from Kentucky has said that any
Senator might have introduced him here without
the adoption of a resolution. True, sir; and to
that course I should not have offered the slightest
objection, because for that I should have been in
no way responsible. But it is a different thing
when f am asked to sanction and approve his in-
troduction—to aid in conferring honor on one
who has denounced my constituents as a band of
lawless plunderers,
The Senator from Louisiana misunderstands me
greatly if he supposes that I object to Father
Mathew because he refuses to retract some ill-con-
sidered expressions, uttered by him years ago.
My objections are of a more recent date. He has
very lately written letters to the South of such a
character as to ciuse Governor Lumpkin to recom-
mend, through the public papers, that all invita-
tions to hi >' should be withdrawn.
Mr BUTLER. Will my friend from Alabama
allow me to call upon the Senator from Georgia to
make some explanation of this matter.
Mr. CLEMENS yielded the floor.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator from South
Carolina say upon what particular point he wishes
a statement from me?
Mr. BUTLER. I have made the statement that
Jud<*e" Lumpkin, president of one of the temper-
ance societies of Georgia, had written to Father
Mathew to come to Georgia and lecture; and a
similar invitation, I know, has been made by some
societies in South Carolina. I know that Judge
Lumpkin had some difficulty upon the subject, but
the precise nature of the difficulty I may not have
stated correctly. That is the point which I wish
the Senator from Georgia to correct, so that my
friend from Alabama may be able to go on with
his remarks. . .
Mr. BERRIEN. With the permission of the
Senator from Alabama, I will answer the inquiry.
Do I understand him to yield the floor?
Mr. CLEMENS assented.
Mr BERRIEN. Mr. President, I will say,
before I make a statement upon the subject, that 1
have abstained from taking any part in this dis-
cussion, under a strong conviction that it wa3
improper. Yet I was strongly tempted, when the
name of one of the citizens of my own State, one
of the most estimable men in that State, was
brought into the discussion, under circumstances
which 1 thought subjected him to misapprehen-
sion, to speak, so far as to relieve him from any
possibility of an improper motive. As 1 uncle'-
stand the matter, from a tetter published by he
gentleman to whom 1 have referred—one ot the
judges of the Supreme Court—several temperance
socfeties—among the rest that of which he is
president—had addressed to the reverend gentle-
man an invitation to visit that State for the pro-
motion of the cause of temperance. Subsequently,
an answer was received, probably acquiescing in
that invitation. Subsequently to that time the
circumstance occurred to which the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale| has
referred. In consequence of the refusal of Father
Mathew to accept the invitation of the society of
Boston, a publication was made disclosm the fac
that Father Mathew, in connection with Mr.
O'Connell.had some vears before, while in '"land,
linUed in an address to the Irish of the United
States, enjoining upon them the belief that skvery
is a sin, and calling upon the Irishmen in the
United Slates, by every consideration which they
held valuable, whether as regardtd time or- eter-
nity, to unite their strength and powers to destroy
that institution in the United States. In. the opin-
ion of Judge Lumpkin, as expressed in titat paper,
Father Mathew had perfect liberty to entertain any
opinions upon the subject of slavery; and that
would have been no objection to the tempeiance
societies of Georgia and other southern States in-
viting him among them for the promotion of the
cause of temperance. But they saw in that paper
the evttlence of foreigners, having great influence
among their countrymen In the United Stales,
associating themselves together, and, by a public
address to their countrymen in the United States,
inviting them to make war upon the institutions of
this country. Judge Lumpkin, who is as mild,
as amiable, and as benevolent a man as any who
exists, felt that, under the circumstances, he could,
not, as the president of the temperance society of
Geo gia, permit an invitation to an individual who,
while in a foreign country, had undertaken to dis-
turb the institutions of a portion of the people of
the United States, and he therefore recalled the in-
vitation.
Mr. CLEMENS. The facts are precisely as I
understood them; and whatever respect I may
have for him as a temperance advocate, I cannot
and I will not forget that he is also an abolition
agitator, and as such, entitled to nothing at my
hands, save unqualified condemnation.
The Senator from New York has spoken of his
interference with the subject of slavery as a rec-
ommendation; and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire adds that Father Mathew is not enough of
an Abolitionist for him. Both Senators claim that
this officious intermeddling with the property and
the rights of others is a very praiseworthy exhibi-
tion of Christian charily, and sympathy for the
wrongs of the slave i never doubted, sir, that
such were the opinions of those gentlemen. Their
acts for years past have been too unequivocal to
admit of misconstruction. I know that the cruel-
ties of the slaveholder, and the sufferings of the
down-trodden African, have formed the chief staple
of all their discourses. Let me tell them that it
would be well to look a little at home. There are
at your own doors objects of charity enough, with-
out hunting for slaves upon whom to bestow it.
There are at this very moment, in all your great
cities, thousands of homeless wretches, destitute
of food or raiment, and without a thought or an
instinct that is not colored by crime. There are
hordes of wretched females toiling by day and by
night for a miserable pittance, which only adds to
the horrors of starvation by protracting the agonies
of the sufferer. There are bands of little children
to whom beggary has descended as an inheritance,
and for whom a State prison is a welcome asylum.
Misery in all its forms—poverty in all its rags—
sickness and starvation are around you; and yet,
with a miserable hypocrisy, you must travel away
to the South, and waste your sympathies upon a
population who are better clothed, better fed, who
work less and live more happily, than four fifths
of yourselves. You compel a poor factory girl to
perform an amount of labor which is not exacted
from healthy and robust men by the planters of the
South—separate her from her friends and rela-
tions—allow no one to visit her without a jcritten
pass from an overseer, and all the while thank God
that you are free from the curse of African slavery.
Nay, more; you assume to be of a better and a
purer'race. You unblushingiy assert, on all occa-
sions, that while the pistol and the bowie knife
give law to the South, you are in the constant ob
servance of moial and religious precepts. Sir, I
hdmit with regret that there are occasional scenes
of violence among us, and that sometimes we forget
the value of human life; but our offences have
always a touch of manliness in them. There are
no petty larcenies—no outrages upon unprotected
females—no midnight assassinations for money-
When we stoop to imitate the brute creation, we
take the lion, not the hyena, for our model. But,
while I make the admission that we are not alto-
gether free from crime, let me ask how stands the
case with you? The city of New York alone
furnishes more State prison convicts than the whole
fifteen southern States together. You tear down
churches; burn up convents, inhabited by a few
helpless nuns; get up processions in honor of a
brutal prize-fighter; and raise riots at the bidding
of a worthless player, in which scores of lives are
sacrificed, without dreaming that there is anything
in all this unbecoming the descendants of the Pil-
i grim Fathers. Look at home, I sayj correct your
own iniquities, relieve your own sufferers, and
then, but not till then, you may prate of the crime,
arid misery which slavery engenders.
I regret, Mr. President, that this debate has
sprung up. i regret still more the course it has
taken; not, however, from prudentiaal cneidera-
tions—not because, as the Senator from Kentucky
has intimated', it is imprudent to discuss matter?
in relation to slavery—but because this question,
must soon be met in another form, and I was. will-
ing to let it slumber till then. But 1. may as well
now say that the time for prudential "action is past..
The disease is a desperate one, and requires des-
perate remedies. For one, sir, I yield no inch of
ground—no, not one hair's breadth. Whenever
this anti-slavery sentiment shows itself; whatever
form it may assume, 1 am ready to do battle
against it, The'time for half measures has gone
by. You must let us alone or take the conse-
quences.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the Senator from.
'New York [Mr. Seward] has left us under, no
misapprehension as to his opinion upon this ques-
tion. I understand that that Senator, having heard
from the Senator from Alabama, who has just
taken his seat, that the gentleman to whom this
distinguished compliment is proposed to be paid
by the American Senaie, while a foreigner in a
foreign land, and a subject of a monarch, clothed
with the authority of a church which calls itself
infallible,, clothed with the still higher authority
of a successful missjon in a work of'great philan-
thropy and benevolence, which gave tiim a com-
mand over his fellow-citizens superior to , that of
the monarch which he obeyed,—the Senator from
New York, I say, having heard that a foreigner,,
armed with some moral authority, had, indeed,
in an address to the people of his country, then in
ours, urged them io embark in a crusade for the
demolition of that which he denounced ss a sin—
when the Senator knew that this sin, thus de-
nounced, was one of our domestic institutions,
dear to the people where it hasits existence—when
the Senator from N^wYork knew that interference
in that institution would peril the country in whieh
we live—1 understood htm to declare that th'S act
of that foreigner bad his approval; that he sympa-
thized with him in what he had done; lhat he was
ready here in his place, thus sympathizing, to lend
his powerful aid to carry on this work against the
institutions of the South, and called upon the
American Senate to pay him this compliment.
Now, sir, what are we called upon to do? To
pay a compliment never yet paid to any but one,
who has been called, and justly too, the "Apostle
of Liberty "—the distinguished L'fayette. We
are called upon to renew that compliment in favor
of a man who, I take it upon myself to say, has
committed an act of aggression upon the Ameri-
can people which years of regret can never efface.
I may not be understood. I say that it is the
pleasure of that gentleman to connect the opinions
of that distinguished foreigt er on the slave ques-
tion with the compliment now asked to be paid to
him by the American Senate, and he calls upon
men who represent southern interests to unite with
him ?
Sir, what has been done? He to whom you
propose to pay this compliment in the resolution
now before us, as a man of peace—as one clothed
with the robes of the church—as one exercising
among men a moral power unparallaled in the
world, by the success of his mission in a great and
philanthropic effort—did lend the authority of that
position to interfere in that question here while a.
foreigner and in a foreign land. Has he redacted ?
No 1° And we are told that we are to indorse it. .
With that sin unexpiated, we are told that the.
American Senate should pay a compliment that I
have said has been paid specially but once. Now,
sir, i mean not to express any distrust of that gen-
tleman's mission. I entertain for him feelings ot
unbounded respect and gratitude for the great mis-
sion in which he has embarked. 1 ffS'ret ex-
tremely that in any unguarded moment, if it were
so or with any fixed and settled design, he ever
lent his name to any purpose of such uUer disre-
spect to ihe American people and their institutions.
But he did'it. And I humbly submit to you, if
vou pay this compliment which is now asked of
the American Senate, what authority have we that
he may not feel himself called-upon to connect his
mission in some manner witH the destruction of
slavery in the southern States?
