1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
signed, in the full belief that your honorable bodies will
regard ibem as ample and satisfactory reasons why the con-
tractor did not, and could not. employ additional means to
ex? cute the public printing with more rapidity.
The undersigned begs leave fui thei to state,'that when jt
was ascertained that the work ordered by Congress was
greater than the means at his disposal would allow him to
execute, with that promptness which the public interests
demanded, and when he perceived that the circumstances
already detailed made it impossible for him to procure ad-
ditional force, material, and press power, he piomptly in-
formed the honorable chairman of the Senate's commiU- e
on public printing (who had most liberally addressed him
on the .subject) of the situation in which he was placed ;
ami he put it within the power of the committee to abrogate
the contract, and make whatever arrangements mighf be
deemed necessary to piomote the public interests.
Having done thai, the contractor has been led to believe,
from time to time, by certain movements made in the Sen-
ate, that some new arrangement would be effected by Con-
gress, and he has therefore delayed until the present time
addressing your honorable bodies.
But, as no definite movement has been made m either
House, of Congress, and as the pressure upon him is now
becoming every day gieater and greater, he thinks it due to
Congress, as well us,to himself, to give them notice in time
to make the necessary arrangements, before he may he
compelled to suspend his labors with the public printing
now on his hands. c
Rti pravp, therefore, with all reepoct,thaf Congress would
be pleased to grant an inquiry before the pifnt committee of
the two Houses, (as the contract is made under joiritre.solu-
tion,) to ascertain how the contract has hetn fulfilled, and
how the woik has been done; and to see what relief may bp
given to the contractor, and what arrange merits' may be
mule (or carivm? on the congressional printing with more
expedition than ev^r.
fh-c!u«) velv of the large portion ofthe public printin" which
lias been completed, there is still a large (|ii>mtitr on hand
and .minus these jolis is tlie og.j volume of the Executive
Document*, which is much advanced, and the Patent Office
report, which is now in the process of hems; stereotyped
The contractor be«s leave, in the most respectful inanner,
to lemind your honorable bodies, that, even if there had
been just cause of complaint against him, in relation to the
execution of the contract, he might also allege that he would
have been unable to obtain, "Mil the deficiency bill lately
parsed, any payment for the several jobs, as 'they were
fini-hed lift, agreeably to another stipulate in the contract!
Every pan of the contract is a losing one, except one
clause—ami hut one job lias, been done under that clause 
and for the amount due for thai job under the contiact the
contractor has deducted nearly two-third-. Yet if your
honorable bodies would giant him more reasonable teims
than the contract calls tor, on the immense mass of work
which has been executed, and is now goin^ on he would
most cheerfully throw tins ,oh in, and stale it at cording to
the terms which Congress m its wisdom and justice would
think fir to allow
The contractor is peifectly willing to share tile large mass
of prill ling which is now on hand with any otherotliee which
may he designated t.yjour honorable bodies, on the terms
which such office may be willing to receive ; or if this be
not Satisfactory, the undesigned is willing that'the woik
may he placed at the disposal of your honorable bodies, so
thai such a destination may be given to it, without reference
to the contract, as the public intere-ts may regime
... . WILLIAM M. BELT.
Washington, June '1,18o0.
Mr. MASON. Whatever may be thought of
the reasons given by the contractor for °being
thus disabled from complying with his contract,
the fact remains that it is unquestionably necessary
that some measures should be taken in relation to
the public piiuting.
Mr. DA"i TON. Who is the contractor*
Mr. MASON. William E. Belt.
Mr. DAYTON. Who are his sureties?
Mr. MASON. Thomas Ritchie is one, and I
think Thomas Green is the other. I take it for
granted, from conversations which I have had with
.Thomas Ritchie, although I am not authorized to
say so, that he is substantially the contractor. I
was about say ins; that it is indispensably necessary
that some steps should be taken in relation to the
public printing. I confess that, for my part, with
every disposition to hold contractors to the fulfill-
ment of the contracts into which they have vol-
untarily entered, still, from the examination which
I have made into the matter, at the instance of the
contractor, and ftom conversations I have had with
him, I am satisfied that, under the present contract,
he not only receives no remuneration for his work,
but sustains constant and daily loss in its execu-
tion.
There is another subject to which I would re-
vert very briefly in reference to this contractor
and it is this: I examined the contract yesterday
with gieat care, and though I have no practical
knowledge of printing that would enable me to
form an opinion as to where the contractor would
gam and where he would lose in the peformancc
of this woik, yet I entertain the strongest belief,
and i think such is the opinion of the honorable
Senator at the head of the Committee on Printing
who is thoroughly informed upon this subject, that
on the greater portion a heavy loss must be'sus-
tained in Us execution. I am informed that there
June ?.
has been but one single document printed by order
of Congress during the present session upon which
an unusually large profit was made, and that was
on a document referred to by the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] the other day. Con-
gress ordered the printing of the decision of the
Supreme C^urt in a certain case, and, under the
strict terms of the contract, the printer was en-
titled to a very large sum of money for the print-
ing of (hat document, far more than was in con-
templation by the parties who framed that contract.
I am further informed that, though he was very
amply paid by the terms allowed him with his
own assent bv the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House, yet that he did relinquish at
least two-thirds ^f the money to which he was
entitled under the contract. I submit the memo-
rial. and move that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Printing. *
Mr. BORLAND. I should be glad if this me-
morial could have another .direction. I will state
that the Committee on Printing have already re-
ported as fully as they could report upon this sub-
ject some weeks ago. I do not think that the com-
mittee could ascertain anything new in reference
to it, or make a report, essentially different from
the one already submitted.
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend allow me to sug-
gest that the motion jnst made arose from the high
respect entertained for the Committee on Printing,
and deference to the profound knowledge which
they are known to possess in relation to all mat-
ters connected with this subject. I believe that
the facts presented in this memorial will, upon
proper scrutiny, lead to the recommendation of
some measure to the Senate. But I fake it for
granted, from conversations I have held with the
Senator from Arkansas, as well as from his
present declaration, that the committee are re-
luctant to enter on a new investigation of the same
subject. Whilst I would greatly prefer, and the
memorialist evidently desires it, that the whole
matter should remain in the hands of the commit-
tee, yet, helieving, as 1 have reason to do, that the
Senator from Arkansas has deliberately declared
what is his wish and judgment on the matter, he,
no doubt, with authority to speak for the rest of the
committee also, and having looked into the subject
somewhat, and being perfectly convinced that the
memorialist has an equitable claim upon this body
to be released in the manner sought in this peti-
tion, I will, without meaning to be understood as
in the least degree intending any offence or disre-
spect to any member of the Committee on Print-
ing, interpose a motion for the raising of a special
committee to conduct the investigation of this
whole matter, and to make a full report at the
earliest possible period.
Mr BORLAND. When I yielded the floor
for the motion of the Senator from Mississippi, I
was about to say, in justice to myself and the
other members of the committee, that it is not for
the purpose of avoiding any labor that might be
imposed upon us, but for the reason which I have
already stated, that we investigated this subject
thoroughly at an early period during the session.
I myself, upon entering upon my duties as chair-
man of the committee, looked into this contract,
and I was then satisfied of the facts stated in this'
memorial, that the contractors had undertaken to
do the public printing upon terms that would be
ruinous to them. I addressed a letter to the con-
tractors, telling them that, in my opinion, the con-
tract they had entered into was a ruinous one, and
advising them to ask Congress to release them
from their contract and permit them to abandon
it. 1 urged it upon them in more letters than one,
and also in conversation. I foresaw precisely
what has taken place; for, although not a practical
printer, I know enough about the printing busi-
ness to foresee, what they as printers must have
known, would be the consequences of their con-
tract. I think, therefore, that the memorialist
comes here without just cause.
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend bear with me?
I suppose it must be known to him—it certainly
JS to rue—that it has been the standing desire of
the person most interested in this matter, for a
long time, to get rid of this contract. It has been
alluded to in this body, gravely stated, freely de-
clared, and emphatically insisted on, that this con-
tract is a losing one, and that, therefore, it is the
duty of the Senate to release him from it; but oppo-
sition was made to it by tne Senator from ^Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Walker] and others. I feel authorized to
say, that four months ago, the desire embodied in
this petition was entertained, but it must be re-
membered that it was not in the power of the
memorialist to rescind the contract. All he could
do was to apply to the Senate in some proper
form, and but for the interruption of other and
more important business, as one decidedly friend-
ly to the memorialist, I should long since have
pressed this matter on the attention of the Senate.
I believe now, and I shall ever believe, that there
are grounds for his release from this contract,
which, though not in the strictness of law, should
weigh with any generous-minded man. And as
a magnanimous body, representing the twenty
millions of people who constitute this nation,
under all the circumstances of the case, it would not •
only be a case of great personal grievance, but of
gross unkindness and shameful illiberality, if we
held the memorialist responsible according to the
rigid construction of the contract.
Mr. BORLAND. There is no difference of
opinion betweeen the Senator ftom Mississippi
and myself, as to the main facts of the case,. The
facts set forth in the memorial have been before
the Senate for a month past, and the committee, in
reporting, recommended substantially what the
memorialist now seeks—and if they were to in-
vestigate the matter from now to the end of the
session, they could come to no other conclusion'—
that the contract should be abrogated, and new
arrangements made. The memorialist seeks noth-
ing more, and it was therefore unnecessary, I
think, that he should come before the Senate.
For this reason, too, I am unwilling that the me-
morial should be referred to the Committee on
Printing, as they must make the same report. If,
however, the suggestion oftheSenatorfrom Missis-
sippi be approved of, let it be referred to a special
committee for another investigation; but it is ex-
ceedingly desirable that the matter should be
speedily disposed of, to promote the public inter-
ests,and release these unfortunate individuals from
the contract which, if executed according to its
terms, must prove ruinous to them.
Mr. HALE. I think this is a matter which
demands the attention of the Senate, but I think
there is a view of it which has escaped notice.
The chairman of the Committee on Printing says,
and I suppose says truly, that this printing was
taken at such ruinously low prices that he knew it.
could not be executed. Well, sir, the Senator
from Virginia who presented this petition says,
that the real contractor is Mr. Thomas Ritchie.
I have, not the pleasure of an acquaintance with
Mr. Thomas Ritchie, but it seems that, for some
purpose or other, he took this contract at ruinously
low prices. Now, if Mr. Ritchie was an ardent
ambitious young printer, just setting out in life,
and being desirous of the eclat of being chosen
printer to Congress, undertook its work at prices
: a little too low, let us by all means relieve him.
But if, on the other hand, it turns out that this
Thomas Ritchie is an old gentleman, long engaged
in printing, understanding as well as any man in
the United States what printing is worth, and
understanding perfectly the nature of his contract,
and what he was about when he made it, he must
have had some object in putting it at such ruin-
ously low prices, at which it could not possibly be
executed .
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to appeal to him, as a generous-minded man,
whether, upon such a proposition as this, simply
i for the raising of a committee of investigation, he
! conceives it right, manly, or proper to attempt to
awaken prejudice in advance of the scrutiny of the
committee? Is it not better, more dignified, moie
Senatorial, more liberal and fair, under all the cir-
| cumstances of the case, to allow this committee to
: be raised for the purpose of investigating the whole
j matter? and then, when the subject is before us in
I a proper form, he can discuss it.
j Mr. HALE. If this is a young man, who has
been inadvertently taken in, I am not excitinc
prejudice against him, but, on the contrary, I am
; appealing to the sympathies of the Senate in his
j behalf. The Senator misunderstood the tenor of
j my remarks. I was going on to say, that if jt be
j the fact that this was such an old stager that he
I knew all about printing, and took the contract at
j ruinously low prices, such as the Senator from
| Arkansas knew enough about printing to know to
i be too low, then there must have been some pur-
