1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
fourths "Of which are conceded by the partisans of
free territory to slavery, assuming the Nueces to
be the true western limit of Texas.
On the other hand, if you take the opposite
principle, which has been contended for, that the
Rio Grande, from its mouth to its source, be the
western limit of Texas, what will be the result.
We know that, besides the Senator from Missouri,
to whom I have referred, there are other gentle-
men of each party who entertain the opinion that
Texas has no title whatever to any portion of New
Mexico. The honorable member from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] just before me, who made a capi-
tal speech upon that general subject^ to which I
listened with profound attention and unfeigned
pleasure—a speech alike worthy of his head and
of his heart; a speech worthy of an American
heart; a speech worthy of an Irishman's heart,
L/on/l   * i _ . • 11 .. - - 7
♦{and that is saying identically the same thing)—
declared that he did not think Texas had the
slightest claim to any portion of territory contained
within the limits of New Mexico. And the hon-
. orable Senator clearly stated the whole case in a
few convincing words. So that, while there is, or
was, with one party a unanimous conviction that
the^Nueees was the legitimate western boundary
of Texas, distinguished members of the other
party conci* with those who maintain that the
Nueces was the true boundary. I suppose, upon
the assumption I made that the Nueces was the
western limit of Texas, no one will doubt that
there is a concession of all that scope of territory
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, and from
the Rio Grande up to twenty miles beyond El Paso.
In other words, that for about nine hundred and
twenty miles, up to the Rio Grande, there is a con-
cession, in the proposals to Texas, of what, in the
hypothesis assumed, must be regarded as free terri-
tory, to those who desire the extension of the the-
atre for slavery.
Sir, this question of disputed boundary presents
exactly one of those cases which are eminently
suitable for accommodation and amicable arrange-
ment. If there be in the circle of human affairs
and transactions, a matter which is h fit and prop-
er subject of arrangement and adjustment, for
compromise, it is precisely the case of disputed
titles, whether in a national or an individual point
of view.
One side contend for the Nueces and the other
for the Rio Grande, according as the one or the
other wish the theatre for slavery to be contracted
or enlarged. I have, therefore, when looking at it
as a question of adjustment of the disputed' title
of Texas, thought that gentlemen from the South
ought to be content in withdrawing from all future
controversy a large extent of territory, stretching
nine hundred and twenty miles on the Rio Grande",
and dedicating it to slavery, if its future population
shall so decide. Now, on the other hnnd, what
is the concession from the slaveholding States to
the free States ? It is that portion of the territory
comprehended within the boundaries of New
Mexico, between twenty miles beyond El Paso,
on the Rio del Norte, up to 36° 30' of north lati-
tude, or, in other words, about four and two-third
degrees. On the one hand, the amount conceded
by the free States to the slave States, has an extent
of nine hundred and twenty miles; while, on the
other hand, the concessions on the pan of the slave
States to the free States, is only about three hun-
dred and twenty or three huridied and thirty miles.
Three-fourths are received by one party, one-
fourth only by the other! Now, sir, in such an
adjustment as that, I ask, if there be cause for
complaint on either side, which is the side that
ought to complain ? 1 repeat, I do not mean to go
into the argument of this question of title now. I
know with what confidence it has been asserted
that there cannot be a particle of doubt about the
title of Texas to the territory east of the Rio Grande
from its mouth to its source; but I will hazard the
prediction, that if that question be ever determined
by the Supreme Court of the United States, those
who claim the validity of the title of Texas to the
extent stated, will find themselves greatly mista-
ken. That is my opinion; and I merely repeat
the opinion which I expressed in the beginning of >
<i,„ — 'pl„ *i ■ . i ■ , t ?
have heard it complained, in tones of the greatest
severity, that we were conceding to New Mexico
avast territory, which, being now slave territory,
will by that means, be appropriated to the prin-
ciple of free soil. Here, again, I repeat that I
shall not go into the argument of this question.
My worthy friend in my eye [Mr. Shields! ex-
pressed, m two or three paragraphs of his excel-
lent speech, to which I have already adverted, all
that need be said, if we were discusing the title of
Texas to the country called New Mexico, this
side of the Rio Grande. But, let me ask, how it
is made out that by purchasing the right of Texas,
whatever it may be, to this territory, it would'
follow, as the argument goes, that it amounts to a
conversion of slave territory into free territory?
No such result can take place, if the passage of
the bill now under consideration should occur.
On the subject whether slavery does or does not
exist within the limits of New Mexico, the prin-
ciple of non-intervention is applied by the bill.
Those who argue in this maimer, say that it is now
slave territory, because it composes a part ofTex-
as, which, being a slave country, established sla-
very where its law extended, and gave slavehold-
ers the right to carry their slaves to New Mexico.
Ii that be true, the right of the slaveholder remains
unaffected by the bill, because there is no prohi-
bition of that right, no abrogation of the law of
Texas. The Texas laws will remain in force and
vigor, if it be true, as is contended, that the laws
of Texas extended to and were in full operation
in that territory.
Again; it is contended by gentlemen on the
other side of the House, and by some on this, that
the Constitution of the United States, 111 virtue of
its own self operation, removes all obstacles exist-
ing in these acquisitions of territory to the trans-
portation of slaves thither, and that in virtue of
the supremacy of the Constitution of the United
i States, the people of the slaveholding States hive
I the right to carry their slaves to Utah or to New
! Mexico, as well on this as on the other side of the
; Rio del Norte. How, then, cm it be said that
| there is a concession of New Mexico on the part
j of the slaveholding States to the free Slates, and
j the conversion of it from slave territory into free
I territory? It is either right or wrong that New
Mexico composed part of Texas, and that the laws
of Texas prevail there, and that those laws entitle
you to carry your slaves there. If it be so, your
right is preserved, and it cannot be abrogated or
infringed by the operation of the bill which is now
under consideration. You say again thai the Con-
stitution gives you the right to carry your slaves
into New Mexico this side of the Rio Del None.
! The bill leaves in full force the paramount author-
1 ity of the Constitution. The conclusion then is
irresistible, that if there be slavery there now, or
if there be authority to carry slaves there, either
by the prevalence of the Texan law or by the au-
thority of the Constitution, those rights will con-
tinue unimpaired and in fu'l force, notwithstanding
the passage of this bill. On the other hand, if the
Texan authority and Texan law never reached
New Mexico, which is rny private opinion, it fol-
lows that New Mexico continued, notwithstand-
ing the passage of the act of 1836 by the Texan
Congress, to be a part of the Mexican republic,
and if it never were detached from that republic
by the arms of Texas, and the Texan laws never
stretched over New Mexico, it follows that, up to
the moment of the cession of that territory to the
United States by the republic of Mexico, the laws
of that republic having, according to my humble i!
conception, abolished slavery, slavery does not
exist there, and the territory will be appropriated i'
to the principle of fiee soil. Now, what ought to I
be done more satisfactory to both sides of the i
question, to the free States and to the slaveholding*!
1150
to be this. Although the declaratory -statute can-
not alter the preexisting,law, it becomes,vwkh re-
gard to the future state of the law, equivalents*
new enactment from its date. Suppose,*theiiy We
were to make a declaration of the law, pleasing to
the learned Senator, whose eminence at .the bar,
and the knowledge of whose eminence is not colP
fined to one State, but has been coextensive with
the Union, how, if we were to attempt .to settle
this question, could it be settled? in the. first
place we cannot settle it, because of the great di-
versity of opinion which exists; andyet Mie-jSeft-
ator will ask those who differ with him. in.opinidh
to surrender their opinion, and, after they have
made this sacrifice of opinion, can they declare
what the law is? When the question comes
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
that tribunal alone will declare what the law is.
Mr. President, I did not rise, as I said, to dis-
cuss the state of facts under the operation of the
bill now under consideration. But, while I am up,
I should be wanting in the discharge of my whole
duty, if I did not advert to the piesent condition.of
New Mexico. Has any man cast his eyes on
that country, can any American statesman pro-
pose to leave this question unsettled, without enter-
taining the most serious apprehensions of a do-
mestic difficulty which will end in blood and
slaughter? Already, according to the information
which I have received, there has been a conflict
between the people of Santa Fe and some persons
—according to the account which I sag£ about k
hundred—in the employment of the ^fertermas-
ter's department of the General Government, un-
der the direction and control of that military gov-
ernment, that lieutenant colonel, who now holds
in his hands perhaps the destinies of Santa Feand
New Mexico. He looks on wholly indifferent,
and is neutral in the struggle about to arise be-
tween the people of Santa Fe, composed, I under-
stand, of American citizens, Mexicans, and Span-
iards, this ssde of the Rio del Norte, and the
authorities of Texas. And this neutrality is to be
kept by the appointed governor, the military gov-
ernor, the lieutenant colonel, who has the dealing
out of civil commissions, acting, it is true, under
one of the departments in Washington, as if he
were the Autocrat of the Russias. This military
governor, this lieutenant colonel, who has been
placed over this people, and who, as theirguardian,
is bound to protect them, looks with cold indif-
ference upon that struggle already begun in the
streets of Santa Fe, in the conflict, according to
my information, of some one hundred men on
each side, those in the service of this Government
taking part with Texas! It was suppressed, ulti-
mately, it i« true, by the application of some por-
tion of that force under his command.
Now, Mr. President, I put it to the Senate and
to the country—dismissing altogether the question
of the title of Texas to the Nueces, or to the Rio
Grande, leaving out of view the extent of conces-
sion from the slaveholding States to the free States,
or from the free States to the slaveholding States—
leaving out of view all these considerations,-! sub-
mit, if you do not know that there is a most insu-
perable antipathy existing between the people of
Santa Fe and those of Texas. We know they
cannot live happily together, and the inevitable
result of doing nothing will be to lead to civil war.
I ask you, waiving all these considerations about
right, and about whether the Nueces or the Rio
Grande was the western limit of Texas—waiving
the question of the extent of free or slave territory
gained by one or the other party—i ask if our ob-
ligations with regard to the people of Santa Fe do
not impose on us the obligation to make some
effort to dissever them from the authority of Texas,
to which they are so unalterably determined not
to be attached ? Such is my view of the case.
I believe that there has prevailed a most exten--
States, than to apply the principle of non-interven
tion to the state of the law in New Mexico, and to ii sive misconception of whatisgranted to the South
leave the question of slavery or no slavery to be l! by dissevering New Mexico from Texas. It is
decided by the only competent authority that can
definitely settle it forever, the authority of theSa-
preme Court of the United States ?
The honorable member from Connecticut [Mr.
Baldwin*] on yesteiday wanted the law settled.
the session. The conclusion at which I arrive, ! He was answered in a manner triumphantly and
however, is, that it. is a fair and fitting subjcct for / irrefutably by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
adjustment and mutual concession between the ■ Cass,] that we have no authority so to do. If we
two portions of the Union.
But now let me pass from El Paso, or from
Texas proper, to the limits of New Mexico. I
were to declare what the preexisting law was, it
would have to be done in the form of a declaratory
statute. The effect of a declaratory statute I take
said that the South wiil gain nothing by that.
: Have I not shown that she will gain %ree times
I as much as the North, even assuming that New
j Mexico shall be free territory, and whether qrnot
j the Texan law, or the Constitution of the United
! States, carries slavery there ?
j I have felt it my duty to make this brief exposi-
I tion of the reason why I think the amendment
| should not be adopted, and the bill should be &I-
, lowed to stand as originally reported. 7 - .
I Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I am very unwil •
