1849.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the table the question of order carried with it
also the motion to adjourn,
Mr. VENABLE objected that this was piling
one point of order upon another.
The Clerk. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr,
Crowell] has demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, (interposing;.) My (Question of
order is, that the point of order having been iaid
upon the table, this House stands adjourned uVicil
to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
[Several voices: "That is no question of order. "1
The House and the Clerk seemed to take a
breathing spell for a few moments, during which
there .was a sort of pause.
The Clerk then stated the point of order of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to be, that
the House did now actually stand adjourned until
to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
[Roars of laughter.]
The Clerk put the question on the point of or-
der, and ihe affirmative vote having been taken—
Mr. SCHENCK submitted whether the gentle-
man from Tenneesse [Mr. Jones] could raise a
point of order after the House had adjourned, for
the gentleman said that the House had adjourned
Mr. JONES. I have a right to stay here as
long as any one else. [Roars of laughter.]
The ClerK; The point of order of the gentle-
man from Termessee is before the House; that is,
that the House stands adjourhed—
' [ftoers oflafrghfer.}
Mr JONES. Did not the majority vote to ad-
journ? You said so, Mr. Clerk-, and that was the
decision of the House.
The Clerk. Gentlemen in favor of the point
of order will say aye.
The vote was taken.
The Clerk. The House sustains the point
of order; therefore, this House stands adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 21, 1849.
Mr. Webster appeared in his seat.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Col. Bliss, his Private Sec-
retary.
Mr. WALKER moved that the Chair fill the
vacancy in the Committee of Revolutionary Claims,
occasioned by Mr. Norris having been excused
from serving on the same; which motion was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT nominated Mr.
Chase, of Ohio, to fill said vacancy.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Borland, came up in its order:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be authorized
to employ a c'eik, to whom the usual per diem eomppnsa-
lion shall be paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
The question having been put by the Chair, the
motion appeared to have been lost, from the sound
of the noes.
Mr. BUTLER suggested that the resolution had
better be laid on the table, as the Senator who.sub-
mitted it was not then in his seat. If he were,
probably he might be able to show the necessity
of the adoption "of the resolution; and he would
therefore move that it be laid on the table for the
present.
Mr. HAMLIN said if the Senator from South
Carolina would withdraw his motion to lay it on
the table, perhaps he, as chairman of the commit-
tee, might satisfy the Senate as to the necessity of
its adoptiotf.
The motion having been withdrawn—
Mr. H. adverted to the very arduous duty im-
posed on the Committee on Printing, and showed
that the committee could not get on with its duties
without the aid of a clerk.
The question was then put on the adoption of
the resolution, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. UNDERWOOD desired to present a me-
morial, but it was ruled to be out of order by the
Chair.
Mr. BERRIEN moved that the Senate proceed
to ihe consideration of Executive business; which
motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT ordered the galleries
to be cleared; and after some time spent in Execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned*
HOCSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, DtcemUr %2, 1849. ;
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RESULTS OF THE CONFERENCE.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose and said,
that he desired to present a proposition to the
House. He presumed that, under the rule which
had been adopted, it would not be in order to de-
bate it. He would, however,be permitted to say,
that it was a proposition known to have been pre-
sented on the part of the committee appointed by
the Whig caucus, to confer with a similar com-
mittee appointed by the Democratic caucus 
Mr. ROOT, (interposing.) Is this m order un-
der the resolution prohibiting debate?
Mr. STANTON. I do not mean to debate.
Mr. ROOT. I know it. But it is talk, and
that is out of order.
The Clerk. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Root] rises to a point of order.
Mr. TOOMBS rose, and claimed the right to be
heard as to the power of this House to pass the
order prohibiting debate.
[Calls to order ]
Mr. TOO VIBS, (continuing ) I desire to show
th?U this House has not the constitutional power
to pass any rule of order.
* (Loud cries to order from all parts of the
House.]
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing;.) I intend to insist
upon it as a constitutional n^ht, at all hazards.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, called the gen-
tleman from Georgia to order.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman will take his
seat. No man has the right to call me to order.
Mr. STANTON. But I had the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS It was given to me.
Mr. ROOT. I have no objection to hearing the
gentleman, if the same privilege is extended to all.
But 1 have been gauged down once, and I object
to other gentlemen proceeding.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am upon the floor, and there
is no rule of this House by which any gentleman
can interrupt me, or by which any order of this
House can be enforced.
Mr. STANTON. I appeal to the gentleman
as a matter of courtesy between him and me. 1
was on the fl- or addressing the House 
Mr. TOOMBS, (interrupting ) As a matter of
courtesy I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STANTON, (continuing.) And certainly
you will not tase the floor from me.
Mr. INGE. I ask the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Stanton] to yield the floor to me to sub-
mit a motion to rescind this rule.
[Cries of (i Agreed ! agreed!"]
Mr. STANTON yielded.
Mr. INGE moved that the resolution of the 14th
instant, prohibiting debate until the election of
Speaker, be rescinded.
Mr. PECK said, if the motion were adopted, it
would open the door to discussion upon every
subject. He moved so to amend the motion as to
allow debate alone upon resolutions looking to an
organization of the House.
This amendment was not insisted upon.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question before the House
is on the motion to rescind the rule. Is the gen-
tleman from Alabama upon the floor?
Mr. INGE. No. 1 make the motion. I do
not propose to debate it.
Mr. TOOMBS inquired of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] if he yielded the floor ?
Mr. STANTON. 1 do, if it is understood that
I am to have the floor as soon as the question is
decided. I have no objection to us being debated.
I yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. INGE, (to Mr. Toombs ) I hope the gen-
tleman from Georgia will yield to my motion, and
allow the question to be put. If the House vote
it down, the gentleman can then make his point.
Mr. TOOMBS (still remaining upon the floor)
said: I desire to be heard, to show this House
that they had no right to pass such an order as
they adopted on the 14'h instant; that, according
to the Constitution and the act of Congress of
1789, this House has not the right to pass that or
any other rule. That is the simple question. I
wish to address myself to that point. Will not
gentlemen inquire whether they have the right to
pass so important a rule, which abridges the free-
dom of speech, and violates the Constitution of
the country? Is it trim that the majority shall
demand absolute silence on.the part of the iepre-
sentatives of the people in this Hall, when a ques-
tion of so grave import is to be determined by this
House, involving the rights of my constituents,
and the whole people, and the Integrity of the Con-
stitution?
Mr. ROOT, (interposing.) That is precisely
the question I wished to debate yesterday, isrheii
I was gagged down. 1 call,the gentlfmfafi from
Georgia to order. I object to his proceeding, un-
less thesnme right is extended to others.
Mr. TOOMBS, (to Mr. Root ) I deny your
authority to interrupt me. By what authority
does the gentleman from Ohio interrupt me? The
House has no rules by which it can enforce its
orders.
Mr. ROOT. By the some authority under
which the House called me to order yesierday.
Mr. TOOMBS, I deny the rightoi the gentle-
man from Ohio to call me to order. I claim the
constitutional right of the freedom of speech, and
I deny that this House, under the law of 1789,
has the right to pass such an older.
Mr ROO r, (interrupting.) If the House will
let the gentleman speak and gag down another,
let them do it. I protest against it, in the name of
justice and my constituents.
IVPr. TOOMBS. I demand to know by what
rule the gentleman from Ohio interrupts me.-/
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Clerk, I call for the read-
ing of the rule adopted by the House on the 14th
instant. That (addressing Mr. Toombs) is the
rule by which the gentleman has the right to call
you to order.
Mr, TOOMBS You have no rule.. I $on't
yield the 9 hit. Where is the rule that givea the
gentleman the right to call me to order when I am
upon the floor exercising my right to debate?
Mr. STANLY. The rule of the I4th instant,
prohibiting debate until after the election of
Speaker. The majority of the House having
adopted that rule, it is the duty of each member to
obey it.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no such rule. The
majority of the House having refused to adopt the
rules of the House, there is no rule by which the
gentleman can call me to order. The majority of
the House must adopt rules for their own govern-
ment before they can enfoice any rules. The strict
observance of rules and of first principles is the
only security for a minority.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I deny the right of any.rhan
on this floor to call me to order, and I do not yield
the floor for that purpose. I do-not yield,
Mr. VAN DYKE. Nor I either. 1 claim the
right to require the gentleman to observe the ordfer
of the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; thegentleman may
call; he may violate the decorum of the House
and of debate, if he please; but I have the floor,
and I shall exercise my right of discussion.
Mr. DUER. I am willing to hear the gentle-
man from Georgia, and I propose that the unani-
mous consent be given, to allow that gentleman,
and all other gentlemen, to discuss ihe point.
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing ) There is no rule
of this House to enforce its ord^r, and if this
House say they wilt not hear me upon the consti-
tutional question 
[Calls order.]
Mr. BAKER. I move that by unanimous con-
sent the gentleman from Georgia be allowed to de-
bate this question.
[Cries of 44 No, no !"—" Repeal your ruUt and
alh>w every gentlem *n to speak.*']
Mr. BAKER. I make that distinct motion. I
call upon the Clerk to put the question.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the House see fit to give the
unanimous consent, 1 have no objection; but ! de-
sire it to be understood, I waive .no right, ^de-
mand as a right, in the name of my constituents,
to be heard.
Mr. INGE called attention to the fact that the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ba-
ker] could not be received, as there w«s already a
question pending upon his motion to rescind the
resolution of the 14th instant.
The Clerk, (to Mr. Toombs ) Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia allow me to put the question
upon th* motion to rescind the rule?
Mr. TOOMBS. No. I have the Soor. I deny
the constitutional right of this House to pass that
