11515
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
ling to consume the time of the Seriate; but the
observations of the Senator from Kentucky render
it necessary that I should say something in justice
to the,State that I represent. Let me assure the
honorable Senator from Kentucky that he is not
^nore anxious for the adjustment of this difficulty
%etween the North and the South than I am. And
I think that I can say for- mv constituents, that,
late as Texas came into the Union, and as much
slander as has-been heaped upon her, in times of
high party excitement, and cavalierly as, I think,
she has been treated in this matter of boundary, as
if she were a mere county or corporation, subject
to the whim or caprice of Congress, and liable to
be brought before the Supreme Court, there is no
State in the Union that will make more sacrifices
to bring about good feeling and preserve that Union.
The honorable Senator says that he will not go
into the question of boundary and the rights of
the State of Texas beyond the Nueces or to the
liio Grande. He said that matter had been ably
argued by others, and endorsed the positions ad-
verse to Texas assumed by those to whom he re-
ferred. Now, I hope that he will continue that
endorsement, so far as the portion assumed by
the honoiable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Dsn-
tont] is concerned throughout. He alluded to the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] as having
argued this question in 1848. The question then
was, not between the Government of the Untied
States as a claimant, and Texas, but between
Texa*aml Mexico; and a very different state of
affairs esllfted. The honorable Senator commends
the argument of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields,] and in the commendation of the feelings
•which he attributes to that Senator, I certainly
most cordially join; but as to any argument pro-
duced against the ri<rht of Texas, \ enter my pro-
test. What single fact did the honorable Senator
from Illinois produce, except his mere dictum ?
Sir, I deny to the Government, I deny to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, the right to de-
cide upon the boundaries of Texas, without her
consent. If Texas be a corporation, if she be sub-
ject to the action of this Congress in times of hiu,h
party excitement, then you may do with her as
you see fit; you may set her boundary at the
Nueces or at the R;o Grande. Dot if she be a
sovereign State of this Union, the Constitution has
nowhere vested one particle of authority in this
Congress, in this Government, or in the Supreme
Court, to meddle with her boundary. I deny,
most conclusively and positively, that this Con-
jurisdiction, and title; hut if any gentleman will
produces title of the Government of the United
States to any portion of that territory, I will con-
test the point with him.
Sir, the very first act of the Government of the
United States, after the resolutions of annexation
were accepted by the Convention of Texas, was
to occupy a post on the west side of the Nueces.
The first act of the Government of the United
States was to take possession of Corpus Christi,
on the west side of the Nueces. A war broke out
in Mexico, as we all know. It was under the title
of Texas, and acting as the agent for Texas, and
in no other capacity, that this Government took
possession of Santa Pe. Now, the records show
such to be the fact. Possession of Santa Fe was
taken under the claim of Texas, and has been
continued under that claim.
Mr. DAYTON. Where can that be found?
Mr. RUSK. The records of the Government
show it, and I challenge any gentleman to show
to the contrary. I have not ihe documents before
me, or I could refer to them. I was surprised
that the honorable Senator from Kentucky was
prepared to congest this matter. I have already
expressed mv willingness to investigate the title of
the United Spates to this territory, if one.can be
shown, i have never yet seen the title of the
United States. If the honorable Senator will pre-
sent such a title in any tangible form, I will show
him, to his heart's content, what have been the
acts of the Government of the Unhed States in
rebnon to this subject. I can refer him to what
the United States ^ud to the Government of Texa«?
in relation to this matter before the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. The President then sa'd
that he considered the claim of Texas 'to th<* Rio
Grande as valid and well-founded. I would a*k
the honorable Senator how the Government of the
United States could recognize the boundary of
Texas as it has done, and thus lull Texas "into
seeuritv, and then claim the territory which she
acquired for Texas to the exclusion of Texas, and
for free sod, or for anything else? I want to see
how the United States Senate can justify such
duplicity—for it is entitled to no better name—in
their action with the Government of Texas pend-
ing this controversy, and when Texas could have
asserted her own title, and was in a condition ef-
fectually to do it.
But, sir, this is not all. By the terms of the
joint resolutions of annexation, the Government !
of the United States was authorized to settle ail
gress, that this Government, or the Supreme ij questions of boundary between Texas and other
—-u' *   ' - ' • Governments. "What was the extent of this power
and the object and limitations of it? Texas came
into this Union with this claim, and the idea
which has been suggested lately, that it is a claim
which has been recently u advanced by Texas,"
i<5 unworthy the source from which it emanates.
Texas asserted her claim to that territory when
ten times the number of the soldiers that she had
in her service were upon her soil, not only on this
side of the Rio Grande, but on this side of the
Nueces river. She asserted that clni vi in 183G,
and placed it upon her statute hooks. The honor-
able Senator from Missouri discussed this very
matter in the speech or pp^eches extracts from
n hsHi I have rf-ad. He pointed out the very difri-
celties th^t mrjht spring up between the O.^vern-
mA*it of the United S'aUs and the Slate of Texas,
a<v] showed this Go^ernm^nt was utterly
nowpv'e5^ to eef'!r> thrm wh'imjt the, consent of
Texas?; and this very claim, which jrentiemeo have
found out to have been so recently advanced, uas
asserted by the. State of Texas in 1336, and has
"been persevered in for ten years. Pending the
Court, has any right to interfere with her bound-
aries. In this i am sustained by the speech of the
honorable Senator from Missouri, to winch the
Senator from Kentucky has referred. I was glad
to hear the honorable Senator commend the speech
of the honorable Senator from Missouri, nnd say
that he carried him along with him in his argu-
ments. 1 hope he will, throughout this whole
question of boundary, agree in the sentiments the
Senator from Missouri then expressed.
Tirnt Senator, in hi.-s eneech made m the Senate
May ]6, 1844, used the following language:
"The Kepahlic of Tpvh h ce<h><l tons by n-iiric. ft*
bmrnJarn-swerc nor -pp< nor it iM-cr^vm to vpn-jfy
tb'-m. A Snue i-a eoipor.Ui: b.>d\, a unit; «nl<-
emivxth <] filing, with aiwunpio iti-nn«:ti^h if. nirfjn
it imti it fu-t" and jus-rj* Without lurihur oi dWt-
Then> wa- no n H-t for n.tj fxlnbmon . ( jM<"e
and bounties. Th«- R  publir of ivt< bv ik truno
and pi^ to u* in the wlmhM xt-nt of tiie hunts and boun-
daiics which u assnts to be its own."
In his remarks upon the joint resolutions for the
ai.n-.xa'ion of Texas, February 5, 1845, he said:
" In f,u t, when one1 admitted ;!•* n State, never e>tn be
rec.ui.ed without heroojkmiI. ino Uwiibtitution bi.l^it.'*
_ By a bili wluMi the Senator from Missouri has
introduced this session, he has fully endorsed the
Opinion previously advanced by him on this sub-
jeet. I kno-.v we have been approaching j0 the
belief here that ail power is concentrated in this
Qenera! Government, In my opinion, ws are
travellings Intle too raoully to that point. Trie
Government of the United States is one of limited
Pavers, and cannot, without a violation of the
chirter under which It arts, transcend its powers
,!e biates have just as much sovereignty nw
much more sovereignty, than this Government!
A he honorable Senator chooses to say that there
w great question as to whether the boundary of
iexa* extends beyond the Nueces. I shall not
aow investigate fully the actual possession^
all east of the Rio Grande as the State of Texas.
Now, is it fair dealing for the Untied States to
come in and claim that which she secuied for thfe
State of Texas? is it even honest, alter having
lulled Texas into security, to set up a title to the
very territory which was won for her? Can it
be reconciled with old-fashioned notions of mo-
rality ? I think not.
1 The Mexican commissioners who negotiated
| the treaty teli a very different story on this sub-
j ject from that which has been stated here. They
said that since 1836 the Rto Bravo was always
considered the eastern limit of Mexico, and that
they did stipula'e to evacuate that territory, and
did vacate it in 1836; and that it was, therefore, a
part of Texas.
I have felt it my duty to say this much with re-
gard to this rnatttr. Title rests not on the power
of eloquence, but must rent upon facts. JLe9d
these facts be presented . Texas will yield a great
deal for the sake oT concord and harmony, but she
will never submit to an unjust demand, and will
stake everything in defence of her rights.
I make these remarks with no view of exciting
ill feeling. The action of the Government of the
United States, and the discussions in Congress on
this subject, have induced many people out of this
; Chamber to alarm the prejudices of tie Mexicans
| Qoramst the authority of Texas, and make them
! believe that some awful calamity was to fall upon
i them in the shape of African slavesy, and this
| while their defence against the worst of calamities
| has been most shamefully neglected, their women
S and children are being earned into hopeless and
1 object slavery. Statements have been made in
1 Santa Fe that the Texans would come there and
: confiscate every article of the property of the peo-
! pie, that they would destroy their religion. Those
. people were thus very much alarmed, and were
i about as much afraid of a Texan as they would
| be of the devil himself. [Laughter.] AH tins
i has been done by those kinu friends who want to
j come from Santa be to Congres.s, at eight dollars
1 for every twenty miles'1 travel, and eight dollars
i per day. 1 doubt whether these persons have
1 ever prevented the Indians fiom taking a single
I scalp, i wdl mention the fact—for I am familiar
i with it—that, notwithstanding1 Texas had some
, traitors in her midst, during the period of her
I revolution, who were inciting the Indians to mas-
! sacre the wives and children of those who had •
| gone in defence of the country, not a single con-
j fiscation took place throughout that whole revolu-
: tion. Not one; not a single confiscation.• We,
i however, did put a clause into our constitution,
which was never earned into effect, more with a
view of frightening them into a discharge of their
dutv than anything else, but which is now entirely
repealed. With regard to our title to Santa Fe, I
assert that it is well-founded. But 1 will ask the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, if this discus-'
sion shall go farther, to point me out how and in
what manner, consistently with the Constitution
of the United States, under which we act, this
question can ever come before the Supreme Court
without the content of Texss?
Mr. CLAY. I will answer the question in a
verv few wouh. By jeferrmg to the comioversy
between Rhode Island and Massachusetts, the
Senator from Texas will see how this matter can
be brought before the Supreme Oomt. The Con-
stitution of the United States, as it ongimiliy stood,
allowed citizens of the United States or foreign
subjects to brin^ suit against the States. The Con-
stitution was afterwanis amended so as to deprive
the judiciary of the United Stales of any power to
exercise jurisdiction over a suit brought by a for-
annexation of Texas, a m^p wa3 prepared under 1' eis-n subject or by a private citizen against a S.ate
the direcnon of the President, and communicated ij There, amend merit to the Consitution stops. jJefoio
to Congress, designating the S*ate of Texas ac- i
cording to the statute of 1836, and that map was :
placed m the hands of every Suiator then on this 1
floor, [
These farts all show that the power which wos '
vested in the Government of the United States hy
the resolutions of annexation w^s onlv to senle
I proceed more diiectiy to anwerthe quest ">r. >f
the honorable Senator from Texas, allow me to
advert to that portion of hts argument m which he
says, thai, as Texas has been admitted as a State,
there is no power to curtail her limits. Hut the
question is, what was admitted? What was the
'"territocy admitted ? i admit that wheie the limits
iVexico
between
the boundary difficulty between Texas and i' of a State are acknowledged and indisputable, no
„,u.    i    . ,f p0wer exists to take any portion of its territory
from that Sia'e. But the question of what was
the acknowledged, ascertained, and indisputable
boundary, is a totally different question.
Now, i will tell the Senator how the question
can be brought before the Supreme Court. Let
i\row, whu was the boundary settled
hp two countries.5 It is put down on
the map, which is part of the treaty; and which
was signed as a part of the treaty; and, if I am
not mistaken, voted for by an honorable Senator
who seems rather to smile at the idea that thii
was a part of that treaty, That map recognizes ll New Mexico be admitted as a State. She will
