1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
adopted has ever been deemed necessary. What
now do you pretend to have for it? Its adoption
was probably an inadvertence; it was certainly
without debate or consideration; but now you want
it, and you hold on to it in order to enable you to
perpetrate another wrong on the Constitution, by
passing the resolution now before the Houae, and
foisting a Speaker upon it, by a plurality of votes
instead of a majority. There is no impediment in
the way of your petformance of your constitutional
duties. Your path is plain, your duty clear.
But you find yourselves trammeled by your
hasty ties. Your plain duty is to break these
ties, and perform your constitutional duty; but
you prefer to break the Constitution of your
country. Therefore you will this day do what
you have already determined in caucus to do—you
will delegare that pqwer which the Constitution
vests in the House of Representatives to a minori-
ty of that House, and you will permit that
minority to exercise your constitutional duty to
choose a Speaker. A power delegated to the
House must be used by a majority of the House
In Jefferson's Manual we find the true and correct
doctrine laid down, page 183:^"The voice of the
majority decides; for the lex majoris partis is the
kw of all councils, elections, &cM where not
otherwise expressly provided." It is not other-
wise provided in the Constitution, nor laws, nor
rules of Parliament, nor in any rule of any pre-
ceding Congress. They one and all, where the
question is referred to, sustain the majority rule.
It is the basis of our whole system. The will of
any assembly can only be known by a majority.
Therefore, whether every member of Congress is
present, or but a majority of one, it is but a
"House," and a majority must declare its will. I
therefore demand of you, before the country, in
the name of the Constitution and of the people, to
lepeal your illegal rule, reject the one on your
table, and proceed to the discharge of the hi°;h
duties which the people have confided to you, ac-
cording to the unvarying precedents of your pre-
decessors and the law of the land.
[During the latter part of Mr. TVs speech, the
House was more tranquil.]
Mr. Toombs resumed his seat.
While he was speaking, the Clerk had pro-
gressed in the call of the roll about twenty names.
Responses had been given by a few of the gentle-
men called, but the disorder was so great that it
was impossible for gentlemen from their seats to
make their answers audible to the Clerk. Many
gentlemen, therefore, left their places and gathered
in the area in front of the Clerk's table, indiscrim-
inately calling upon the Clerk to record their votes.
[There were now cries from all sides of " Call
the roll!—call the roll!"J
Mr. ROOT. What is the question, Mr. Clerk?
The Clerk. The question is upon rescinding
the resolution of the 14th instant.
Mr. ROOT. Well, has any question been taken?
The Clerk. Several gentlemen have been called.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana. I propose that the
Clerk again commence the roll—some of us could
not hear when our names were called.
The Clerk again commenced the roll, calling
the name of " Nathaniel Albei-tson"—but the con-
fusion was so great that he was not heard in many
parts of the Hall.
Mr. VINTON. Mr. Clerk, is my name re-
corded ?
The Clerk. No; the roll has not been called
through.
Mr. VINTON suggested, as a point of order,
that the roll couid not be called over again; gen-
tlemen whose names were not recorded could enter
them.
Mr. R. M. McLA.NE called upon the Clerk to
announce the result of the vote.
The Clerk stated that the vote had not yet been
taken, and again announced the question to bfe
upon the motion of the gentleman from Alabama,
to rescind the resolution of the 14th instant, upin
which the yeas and nays (he said) had been re-
corded. Gentlemen who were in favor of the res-
olution would, when their names were called, an-
swer u aye;" gentlemen of a Contrary opinion
would answer *' no." The Clerk would call the
roll.
The roll was again called.*
When the name of Mr. Morse was called—
Mr. M. rose and said, that he desired, if the
House was willing to hear him, to say a few
words in explanation of the vote he should give.
If the House was not willing to hear him, he
should then decline to vote.
Hearing no objection—
Mr. M. was about to proceed, when—
Mr. ROOT called htm to order.
Mr. MOR.SE said he did not desire to force
himself upon this House; but he asked the favor
of being heard.
Mr. ROOT objected. He was not willing, he
said, that the House should gag down one mem
ber, and allow another to be heard.
Mr. MORSE said, if a single gentleman ob-
jected, he should not make any further effort to
be heard. He repeated that he did not desire to
force himself upon the House.
Mr. ROOT persisted in his objection, other
members calling on Mr, Morse to proceed.
Mr. MORSE took his seat, remarking that he
should not vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that he would himself
very well like to give his reasons also.
The roll having been called through—
The Clerk announced the vote as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Baker, Bayly,
Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Brooks, Albert
G. Brown, Burt, Chester Butler, E. C. ChIm-H, Joseph Cable,
G&trga A CahJwrll,C mpb-'U,Cattter, Cleveland, Chntfindn,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcook, Coin, Disney, Duncan,
Durkee, Edmund-son, Ewttig, Fe.itlieraion. Frredl«y, Gid-
dii.g,, Gdumre, Gorman. Green, Hackett, Haralson. Harlan,
ff.irman^on, E«hani G. Harris, Sampson W, Harris,Thomas
L. Harris, Henry, Hihiard, Holladay, Holmes, H  uston,
Howard, Hubbard, Iua;e, Andrew Johnson, James i. John-
son, Robert W Johnson, J >ne-, Preston King, La Set e, Job
Mdnn, Mar-bill, Ma*oii, Mi-G Highly, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen, M. Queen, MeWilue, M.-<ule, Millson, M>r ;-
ht-ttd, Mom-*, M rton, ohW, Orr, Owen, Parker," Pitman,
Howell, Richardson, uobbm^, Root, Ross, Savage, Schenok,
F. P. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Suoug, Sweeter, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Veuable, Waldo, Wall***-, Wat-
kitH, Wellborn, Wilmot, Wood, and Woordw.ml—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, A-hmnu, Avereu,
Bhv, Beale, Bennett, Biastl, Uokee, Bowlln, Breck, Briggs,
William J. Brown, Buel, Burrow-?, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,Ca<ey, Chandler, Clarke, I lowell
Cobb, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Dauul, Deb«nry,
Dirkey, Dirmnick, Dixon, Doty, Dunham, Alexander Evan-,
Nathan Evau^, Fiteh, Fowler, Fuller, G^rry, Goodenow,
Gott, Gould, Griuneil, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hammond,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Hibbard, Hoaglitrtd,
Howe, Hunr«*r, Jackson, Kaufman, K«-rr, Daniel P. King,
George G. King, J ities G. King, John A. King, Leffler,
Levin, Lmleheld, Horace Mami^ Matteson, McClernand,
McDowell, McKisaOck, McLanaluui. Finis E. McLean,
Meaeham, Miller, Moore, Newell, Ogle, OtH, Outlaw,
Peaslee, Peck, PhcBuix, Potter, Putnam, Reynolds, Risley,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rose, Rum>ev, Sackett, Sawuile,
Schermer horn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Sprague,
Stanly, R. H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Taylor,
James Tnompsou, John B. Thompson, William Thompson,
Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waiden,
WVntworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildricb, Williams, Wil-
=bn, Wmthrop, and Young—120.
So the House again decided that the resolution
of the 14th instant, prohibiting debate, should not
be rescinded.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, now rose and
called for the reading of the proposition whichnhe
had submitted.
The proposition having been read in the words
following:
Resolved, Thatthe House will proceed immediately toihe
election of a Speaker, viva voce; and if, after the roll -hall
nav^been called three times, no member shall have received
a majority of the whole number of votes, the roll shall again
be called, and the member who shall then receive toe largest
number oi votes, provided it be a majority ofa quorum,shall j
be declared to be chosen Speaker. ' j
Mr. HOLMES moved that it be laid upon the j
table.
Let it be seen (rematked Mr. H.) who it is that
will vote to violate the Constitution.
And Mr. H. demanded the yeas and nays on his
motion.
Mr. STANTON. I was going to propose to
the House that the consideration of this proposi-
tion should be postponed until Monday next.
Mr. ROOT insisted that the question should be
put on the motion to lay the pioposttion on the
table.
Mr. STANTON then said : if gentlemen insist
on that motion, I shad withdraw the proposition;
and I give nouce that I will offer it again ort
Mondav.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Messrs. ROOT and BOOTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JONES moved that when this House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. FOWLER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, ro«eand attested
the constitutional point of objection to the morion
of the gentleman from Tennessee* [Mr. Jones,}
that this House could not, unui it was organised,
do otherwise than adjourn from day to day. He
thought that, tinder the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales——
Mr. ALLEN called to order.
Mr. STEPHENS (continuing) said* he.though
that the House, until it was organized, could do
no more, under the Constitution; than as a qtioranj*
ad journ from day to day, and compel the attend-
ance of members.
Mr. JONES said, that in reply to the constitu-
tional point raised by the gentleman from Geoigia,
[Mr. Stephens,] he (Mr J.) would only ren^u-jc
that the Constitution provided that less than a
quorum might adjourn from day to day. And
the Constitution did not prohibit a quorum from
adjourning over for the period of three days.
The Clerk. The gentleman from Georgia
raises a point of order.
Mr. STEPHENS, (interposing ) Nota point of
order. My object was merely to call attention to
the constitutional point. My opinion is, that the
Hou.se cannot adjourn over.
Mr. WILLIAMS saidthat he did not under-
stand the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens ]
as designing to make a point of order, but simply
as making a suggestion to gentlemen abodt to vote
on the main proposition to adjourn over to Wed-
nesday.
The Clerk then pot the question on the demand
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
And the question, •* Will this House adjourn
to Wednesday next, at twelve o'clock?" was ta-
ken and decided m the negative. 4 --
Mr. MEADS took the floor, and was recog-
nized by the Cleik.
Mr. STANl'ON rose to a question of order.
He submitted that there was another motion pend~
ing, (to wit: thaL of the gentleman from Ohio, Mr.
Vinton,) that the House do now adjourn.
The Clerk so decided.
Mr. STANTON asked the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr Vinton] to withdraw his moiion to adjourn,
to enable him (Yir. S.) again to offer the proposi-
tion which he had withdrawn.
Mr. VINTON assented.
So the motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON again took the floor to offer
his proposition, but yielded to
Mr. MEADE, who sent to the Clerk's table a
proposition, whtch he desired might be read for
information, and which he intended to offer as an
amendment to, or substitute for, the proposition
introduced by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton.]
Mr. STANTON then said that he desired to
offer the proposition which he had before with-
drawn, and to insist that a vote should betaken
upon it at this time.
The proposition was again read.
Mr. HOLMES moved that this proposition be
laid on the table.
Mr. INGE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. M£\DE said he offered his proposition as
an amendment to that of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr Stanton.]
And the proposition of Mr. Meade waa then
read by the Clerk, in the following words:
Resolved, That after the vole has been taken for Speaker,
n«xt after the adoption of this resolution, the House shaW
proceed to v te between the tour members receiving the
greatest number of votes; and il neither receive a majority, •
the House shall then vote between iho three members re-
ceiving the largest vote; and if no choice be made, the
Hou>e shall choose the Speaker from the two members who
s-hall have received the grealesi number of votes} and
no vote- shall be count* d that are not given to one Or orbcr
of the persons thus designated 5 and the same ru'e shall ap-
ply in the election ol the othtr officer* of the House.
Mr. HOLMES moved that both propositions be
laid upon the table.
Mr. INGE simultaneously made a similar mo-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall these propositions be
laid upon the table r" was then taken and decided
in tne negative—yea--- 94, nays 124, as follows:
YEAS—Jle^rs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Averetf, Ba.j
Bavlv*. B ale. Bocn^k. Booth, Bowdon, Bovd, Brooks. A.
G. Brown, Burt, E 0. Cabell, Joseph Cable. Campbell,
Cartter, Cleveland, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. ■ obb
Coicoek, Cole, Daniel, Ditmey, Durkee, Edmutidson, Feath-
erson, Chddings, German, Green* Hackeu, Haralson, Uar-
