1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-&LOSE.
III?
then be a State—a peer, and equal with Texas.
New Mexico, then being a State, the question
would arise as to the title to this territory between :
New Mexico, as the new State, and Texas the
pj'ior State. That question can he brought before j
the Supreme Court by a bill in equity, the mode of j
procn-ding which is generally carried on. That
was the mode of proceeding adopted in the dispute
between New Yoik and New Jersey, and between
Illinois and some other State.
While up, 1 would say that I have purposely
abstained from all discussion upon the question of
the file of Texas. I certainly did not mean tosay
that there was nothing in that title. I know that
there arc many plausible acts of Government, and
acts of the military and civil authority, which give
color to that title. It may, perhaps, give a valid
title. J, however, abstained from discussion on
that point. I will repeat that it was not to contest
the title of Texas that the pronositior. offered by
the committee has been brought forward. If the
committee did not think there was something in
her title, they would not propose a large and liberal
equivalent to Texas for the surrender of whatever
t^tle she has beyond El Paso. If i did /lot conceive
that she had some sort of title, It should not justify
myself in offering her such a large equivalent for
the.surrender of her title. I suppose that she has
a title, i iiave no doubt that it is the belief of the
honorable Senator, and of a large portion of the
people of the United States, that she has a good
title. If* Texas'had not any sort of title at all, II
how could we propose an equivalent for her Utle[' ;
I do not believe that a member of this body or a 'j
citizen of this country, is moie anxious for the set- ] j
tlenifnt of this unhappy case than my worthy ij
friend from Texas. I know he is willing to make ,'
£Tfcat saci laces in order to bring about a good state
of feeling between the two sections of the Union. ;!
This etplanation has been made by me, to prevent "
misapprehension. TheSouth has said that this is '
giving her nothing:, and giving the North every-
thing. I have shown that there are grounds for !
mutual concession,-and that there was a mutual ,
concession, arid that, therefore, neither party has :
a right t<? complain. ■
I shall be sorry to see the question enteiing into >
that boundless discussion—almost as boundless as :
the territory claimed by Texas herself—of what is :!
the exact state of the titie of Texas. I do not i
think it necessary to go into that now. I would j
say, however, that tlie honorable Senator from j
Texas has, on this occasion, as he has on every ,!
occasion, shown that he will support what he be- i
heves to be the just rights of his State, at every :
hazard, and to the last extremity.
i beg pardon for having trespassed thus Ions on i;
the patience of the Senate. I merely rose at first j;
for the purpose of showing ho w this question might ;■
be brought before the Supreme Court. j
Mr. HUSK. Mr. President  !
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish my fiiend from Texas |]
would yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. RUSK. I will yield the floor to my friend
with great pleasure. j'
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, I do not wish |
to enter into a discussion of this matter. I merely
wish to present a statement which has been over- !;
looked entirely by the honorable Senator from 1|
Kentucky. In the proclamation of the president !j
of Mexico announcing the treaty of Hidalgo to jj
the Mexicans, he roade a statement of the territory J
conceded. In that statement he not only said thai ji
the territory was a part of Texas, but went on to ||
say expressly that all that part of the ceded tcrri- ij
lory between the Nueces and the Rio Grande ever ji
since I83G had belonged to the State of Texas. |j
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the honorable ij
Senator from Kentucky points me out a mode by :j
which thisquestion of the b lundary of Texis can j
bte brought before the Supreme Court. With due J
deference to his opinion, I dispute his position,
because this case does not come within the prece jj
dent Cited by the honorable Senator. Bstore pro-
ceeding, however, to answer the explanation ot the j!
honorable Senator from Kentucky, allow me to
make an explanation of the motives which actuated \
my observation. I am well aware that the Sena-
tor l',as not entered into the discussion, and has il
npt attempted to enter into the discussion of the
auestion of the boundary .of Texas. I am well ii
aVai'tAt* that. But the Senator made approving
reference to certain others who have done so. I
sbaU"always entertain grateful feelings to the hon-
orable Senator, for I know that Jie is anxious to
settle the pending difficulties between the two sec-
tions of the Union, because I have seen it mani-
fested in such a way as cannot be mistaken. I
hope the honorable Senator from Kentucky will
succeed in adjusting all difficulties and disputes.
1 believe that he is anxious to deal with the utmost
liberality towards Texas. I concede this. ' Bat it
must be remembered that the honorable Senator
occupies a proud and prominent position before
the American people. I hope it will never be less
prominent. IXis doubts amount to arguments with
thousands. If the question here was a mere iso-
lated one as to the boundary of Texas, I think we
would have no difficulty about it at all. But free
soil, and slavery, and anti-slavery, with their num-
berless ranks and companies, buglers, and trum-
peters, throw their weight on both sides of this
question, and hence it, may not be settled in such
a way as to satisfy Texas and the United States.
Any silence on my part as to what has fallen from
the honorable Senator from Kentucky would be
construed, in a future controversy here, into an
acquiescence in his position. Texas has never
yet and never will be governed except by her own
consent.
Then, sir, to answer the position which the hon-
orable Senator assumes as g-iviog the Supreme
Court of the United States jurisdiction in this mat-
ter. The case l>e cited was between sovereign States.
Now, Texas has conceded a riiht to this Govern-
ment to settle her boundary with M xico, and is
not the Government thereby precluded from setting
up any claim to the territory obtained for Texas ?
Can an agent take benefit of the transaction of his
principal, and make profit of it to himself5 or Is
he liable to damages for any loss that is not in-
curred by negligcnce ? Or is he, on the other hand,
entitled to anv profits that may accrue from the
transaction in which his principal only has an in-
terest ? This Government stood in the relation of
an agent between Texas and .Mexico. That char-
acter was voluntarily assumed by thisGovernment,
and the moment its functions were fulfilled its
power was exhausted. 'Now, sir, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, what right has the
Government to make a State within another State?
for it results in that. The Government will have
to make a State, and make it out of the liini's of
another State. There, is the act of Texas declaring
her boundaries. Kas the State of Kentucky or
the State of South Carolina boundaries different
from those claimed in the acts of their Legisla-
tures > Then how can the power be assumed for
this Government to turn in and form a State gov-
ernment for the purpose of putting them in the
condition of testing the rights of the State in which
they reside' Sir, this i« deciding the whole ques-
tion in issue before you give jurisdiction to the
Supreme Court. But this brings me to consider
this matter of a State government in Santa Fe.
Mr. President, this very proposition to make a
State out of Santa Fe, is one of the strongest evi-
dences of the mischievous effects of this shivery
agitation. If there were no other evil consequen-
ces, if the business of the country was not inter-
ruoted, if the social and kindly feelings of one
section towards another were not interrupted, if
the Union itself was not endangered, the prepos-
terousness of the propositioi to make Santa Fe a
Stat" would seem to be a sufficient warning to gen-
tlemen not to subject themselves to the control of
one solitary idea. What is the condition of that
territory' "it has a population of about sixtv
thousand inhabitants, extending over some three
or four hundred miles on the Rio Grande, and in-
cluding some territory now organized u vier the
authority of Texas, and that have voted in her rc-
■r-nt elections, if you take out the army of the
United States, 1 defy vou toprodnte evidence that
there are two thousand Americans there. I do not
believe that there are more than one thousand 'here,
and that is the opinion of some very intelligent
gent'emen who have lately come from Santa l*e.
Mr. CLAY. Leaving out the army, 1 do not
think there are more than five hundred Americans
there.
Mr. RUSK. Nor do I. But I wish^to make
as liberal a conclusion as possible. Well, now,
what sort of a population is this? One half of
them, or neatly so, consists of the Pueblo Ind-ans.
These Pueblos are what are called civilized Indians.
The only evidence of civilization, I am tohl, al-
though there are probably some very intelligent
men amongst them, is that they profess the Cath-
olic religion, and wear crosses on their b« sts..
They cultivate a little, to raise provisions on which
to live, and have flocks. They are not rifarOaS
intelligent as the Choctaws. The fact is, they
cannot speak the Spanish language.. And 6ut of
twenty pueblos, or towns, which contain fro ft
three to six hundred inhabitants each, not more
than four or five towns can converse with each
other. They cajipot* understand- each other, but
have to carry" on their intercourse _byl mesne of
interpreters. These Pueblos form about one-third,
some say one-half, of all the population th«rg«
But they are, no doubt, very honest, industrious,
and sober Indians. I have no doubt of that.
These sixty thousand mongrel inhabitants are
lecominended to incorporate into this Union as a
State, and to come here and be incorporated as
such. Why, is it not preposterous? Is not
the idea utterly preposterous? What would
be the effect of this policy, of bringing States
forth with such great rapidiiy? The expenses of
the State government, on the most economical;
plan, would be at least $120,000 That would .be
two dollars a head for every Indian, and evety
child of an Indian, and eveiy other inhabitant of-
the territory. Now, if you tax these Indjansand
their children two dollars a head, to support-a
government which they cannot understand, they
will soon move out of the country. Arid that is
the sort of Slate you want to bring in, to contest
the validity of the title of the State of Texas to
this teintory.
Mr. BELL. I merely wish to ask the Senator
a question for the purpose of information. I
should like to know the authority from which the
honorable Senator learns the number of inhabit-
ants there are in New Mexico. Does it not
amount to more than sixty thousand, and is one-
half composed of these Pueblo Indians.
Mr. RUSK. I have various authorities. In
the first place, I have the authority of some half
a dozen intelligent, respectable men, from there,
with whom I have con versed. In the next place,
in the Piesident's message, in reply to a resolu-
tion submitted by the honorable Senator from
Alabama, in the early part of the session, a rem
sus of this people taken in 1847, was transmitted
by Mr. Brent. And in this same document we
find in the letters of J. S. Calhoon, Indian agent
tnere, many statements corroborative of these
facts. Now, I happen to know this Mr. Calhoon;
and a more honorable and chivalrous gentleman.
does not exist. What I say in relation to him
will be endorsed by boih the Senator^ frtiro Geor-
gia and by every gentleman who has the honor of
his acquaintance. He states some of these facts.
And, moie than that, he states that these people
are more discontented with the pio'ection which
they have, received from the Government of the
United States since the Americans have taken
possession than they were before they took pos-
session. Sir, if one-tenth of the money that has
been expended in debates here on the miseries of
African slavery, had been expended w:employing
Mr. Calhoon and other chivalrous spirits like him,
the women and children of, theee Pueblo Indians
would have been kept out of the most abject sla-
very. I intend to ask sorfle gentleman, whose
philanthropy takes in the whole civilized woild, ^
and who seem to be devoted to philanthropic ex-
ertion, why we should not afford protection to
those people, and give such men as Mr. Calhoon
opportunity to protect those people, ^et these
are the people we are trying to protect from the
curse of African slavery. Some of them will be
on here one of these Uays, and I should like to
"ive them an introduction to som« of their kind
?i ienus m this country, and let them tell their
3r
you will do with this people, for whom it is
posed to farm a State government. JPexas from
th« be^lnnin^ has been anxious to adjust the mat-
lets in dispute between the two sect,on? of the
Union. If the people of Santa Fe knew 'as well
rs the people cf Et Poso the chara> ter uf the Tex-
ans, they would kno*v that they cou>d prevent
the women h-michildren from bemjr scalped by the
Indians, and that wo Jd commend them very much,
to the people of Santa Fe.
I have said much more than I ^tended to say*
but I will now try co b.i .s; my remarks to< a
[ \vr ukl say that, while i believe, and white l«xas
believes, that she has a just, clear, aftfj unquss-
