64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.
Dec. 22,
Ian, Istoihi G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thos. L. Harris,
Hilliard, Hoaalaird, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Howe,
H'jbbard,Hunifir,Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robt. W. Johnson,
Jones, Preston King, J' b Mann, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
D >well. McGauyhey, R. M. McLane, McMullen, MeQ.uren,
Mo Willie, Millar, Millson, Morn#, Morton, Old?, Orr, Out-
law, Owen, Parker, Peek, Potter, Powell, Robbing, Robin-
son, Root, A. H. Stephen*, Tnaddeus Stevens, Strong,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jaeob Tliompson, William Thomson,
Tooinbs, Tuck, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Well-
born, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wflarick, Wilmot, Wood,
Woodward,and Young—94
NWS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Ashe, Aehmuii,
Bakei, Bennett, Bingham^ Bissell, Bokee, Bowie, Bow in,
Breek, Brings, Wm. J. Brown, Buel, Burrdws, C. Butler,
Thomas B Butler,George A. « aid well, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Casey, C-iaudler, Clarke", Conger, Conrad, Cot win,
Crowell,. Deberry, Dickey, Dinmick," Dixon, Doty, Duer,
Duncan, Dunham, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Ewmg,
Fiteh, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry. Gillmor*-,G.)0deri0w,
Gott, Gould, Gnnneli, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Hampton, Barmanson, Hay, Haymond, Hebard,
H«>nry, Hibbard, Houston, Jackson, J, L.Johnson, Kaufman,
Kerr, D. P^King, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
Ki'-g, La Sere, Leffier, Levin, Liitlefield, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McKissock, McLanahan, Firits E.
McLean, Meacham, M* ad«, Moorf, Morehead, Morse,
Newell, Oirle, Oas. Pea>lee, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam,
Reynolds, Richardson, Rtsley, Rockwell, Rose, Rojn, Rum-
sey, Saekerr, lavage, S.iwteMe, Scheuck, Scliermerborn,
Schoolcraft, Shepnerd, Silvester. Spaulding, Sprague, Stan-
ly, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Stetson,Tay-
lor, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Un-
derbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams,
Wilson, and Wmthrop—1-24.
So the House decided that the two propositions
should not be laid on the table.
Mr KA UFMAN now sent to the Clerk's table
a proposition, which he offered as a substitute for
the neiiding proposition.
The Clerk said there was already an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. KAUFMAN submitted that ao amend-
ment to an amendment was always in order.
Mr. STANTON desired to call the previous
question on his proposition.
[Several voices: "There are no rules"—"There
is no previous question."]
The proposition of Mr Kaufman was then
read, in part, by the Clerk, when the reading was
interrupted by
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkassas, who said that %a
rule had been adopted by the House prohibiting
debate pending the election*of Speaker. He sub-
mitted that this was a written speech.
[Cries: " G > on with the reading."]
- The Clerk having finished the reading of the
substitute, which was as follows:
Whereas the interests and honor of the country require a
speedy organization of this House, and a prompt discharge
of the important duties devolved upon u< as representatives
offhe people; and whereas the practice heretofore prevail-
ing: of requiring an absolute m.ijTity of all the votes given to
elect is not enjoined by the Constitution, bin, on the con-
trary, that instrument provides that " each Hou^e may de-
termine the rules of its proceedings;" and wherea* nearly
three weeks have been already spent in fruitless efforts to
elect a Speaker, and fifty-nine ineffectual votes have con-
clusively demonstrated that tio party in this House has a
majority sufficient to elect its officers in accordance with
such practice:
Therefore, for the purpose of enabling this body to dis-
charge its high constitutional functions, and with a view to
adhere as nearly as possible to said usual mode of electing
its officers—
1. Be it R^olced, That if on the ne.vt vote for Speaker no
member have a majontv of all the votes cast, there shall be
no election; hut, on the second vote after the adoption of
tliH resolution, if anv member receive within one ol a ma-
jority of all the votes cast, be shall be declared elected ; but
if there he no election on said second vote, then upon the
third vote If any member receive within two of a ma-
jority of the whole, he shall be declared elected? and
so on, lequirins one less to choose for every failure to elect,
until a choice of Speaker is made: Provided, That if at any
. time there be a tie between the votes of the two members
receiving the highest number of votes, there shall be no
choice; and further Provided, That no member be declared
elected unless he receive at least a majority of a quorum
of the finite.
•2 Be it further Resolved, That the foregoing resolution
shall als * be "the rule of proceeding" in regard to the elec-
tion of all the other officers of thts House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the amendment of Mr. Kaufman, by striking out
the preamble. It was (Mr. J. said) unjust to the
House that a written argument should thus be
presented.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, that if, by withdrawing
the preamble, he could add any strength to his prop-
osition, he would cheerfully do so.
So the preamble was withdrawn.
The substitute was then again read without the
preamble
Mr. BRECK addressed an inquiry or sugges-
tion to the Clerk, of which nothing could be
heard by the reporter.
The Clerk then stated the question to be on the
proposition of Mr. Kaufman. '
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked for
the yeas and nays on the substitute; and they were
ordered.
On a suggestion by Mr. WENTWORTH, the
several pending propositions were read.
And the question on the substitute of Mr. Kauf-
man was then taken and decided in the negative—
yeas 51, nays 148—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Averett, Bay, Bissell,
Booth, Bowie, Bowliri, Boyd, William J. Brown, E. C.
Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, W. R. W. Cobb,
Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Ewmg, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gil-
more, Gorman, Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan, Har-
rttanson, Isliam G Harris?, Sampan W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hibbard, Howard, Hubbard, Andrew Johnson, R W.
Johnson, Kaufman, George G King, La Sere, Littletieid,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McDowell,
McLanahan, F. E. McLean, Mi Mullen, Millson, Morehead,
Morris, Morse, Old*, Osi«, Parker, Peaslee, Potter, Richaid-
son, Robbins, Ros*, Savage, Sawtelle, Stetson, Thomas,
James Thompson, William Thompson, Waldo, Whittlesey,
Wild iok, Williams, and Young—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Ashmnn,
Baker, B iyly, Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Bokee,
Bowdon, Brei k, Bngg«, Aloert G. Brown, Buel, Burrows,
Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Builer, Joseph P. Cald-
well. Calvin, Campbell, Caitter, Ca-jey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Conger,
Conrad,Corwin, Cioweil, Daniel, D-berry, D.ckey, Dit-ney,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, D'irkee, Edmund-on, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Ftatherston, Fowler, Frecdley,
Goodenovv, Gou, Gt.uld, Grimiell, Hackett, Hall, Halloway,
Hampton, HaraKon, flay, Hayniond, Hebard, Henry, Hil-
hard, Hoagland, Holmday,. Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter,
Inge, Jackson, J. L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, J me- G. King, John A. King, • reston King, Leffltr,
Levin, Matteson, McClernand, Mt-Gaughey, McKissock,
Robert M. McLane, M«'Q,ue< n,McWillie, Meacham, Meade,
Miller, Moore, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Orr, Outlaw, Owen,
Peck, Prtoemx,. Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reynolds, Ris-
ky, RoTfiuson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Schenck,
Schermwhom, Schoolcalt, Shepperd, Silv. stei, Spanlding,
Sprauue, .'Stanly, Frederick P. Stnnton, R. H. Stanton, A.
H. Stephens, Thaddens Stevens, Strong, ^weetser, Taylo-,
Jacob Thompson, John B.Thompson, Thnrman, Toombs,
Tuck, Uhderhill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Wilmot,
Wilson, Wmthrop, Wood, and Woodward—148.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Meade to the original proposition of Mr.
Stanton.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays on the
amendment, which were ordered.
Mr. MEADE expressed his desire so to modify
his amendment as that it should embrace the
Clerk and other officers, who should be voted for
in the same manner.
The question on the said amendment was then
taken and decided in the negative—yeas 12, nays
201—as follows :
YEAS—Mes^r". Alston, Dunham, Gilmore, Hammond,
Howard, Robert W. Johnson, McMullen, Meade, Parker,
hichard-on, Sivage, and William's—12.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Ashe, Aj-hnaun, Averett, Baker, Bav, Bayly, Beale, Bennett,
Bingham, Bissell, Bocock. Bokee, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie,
Bowlin, Bojd, Breek, Bngg-*, Albert G. Brown, William J.
Brown, Buel, Burrows, Burf. C- Butler, '1'. B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Uasey, Chandler. Claike, Cleve-
land, Chngman. Howeil Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Cole, Conger, Corwin, CrO'vell, Daniel, Deberry, Dickey,
"Dimirnck, Disney, Dixon, Dotv, Duer, Duncan, Edumnd.-on,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan«, Ewtng, Featherpton,
Fitch, Pnwl^r, Fieedley, Fuller, Gerrv, Goodenow, Gor-
man, Gott, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hackett, Hall, Hal-
loway, Hampton, Hamilton, Harahon, Hilhard, Harlan,
Harmanson, I. G. Harris, S. W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Hay,
Havmond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Hoaaland, Holladay,
Houston, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter. Inge, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, JamesL. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Kerr,
Daniel P. King, George G- King. James G. King. John
A. King, Preston King, La Sere, Leffier, Levin, Little-
fieid. Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mar.-hall, Matteson, Mc-
Clernand.McD twell, McGaiuzhey, McKissock,McLanahan,
Robert M McLane. Finis E. McLean, Mcdueen, Mc-
Wiltie, Meacham, Miller, Moore, Morris, Morse, Mor-
ton, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Ons 0 tlaw, Owen, Peas-
lee, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reynolds,
Ridley, Robbins, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ro-s,
Riim-ev, Sawtelle, -chenek, Sciierinerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Simuldmg, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexand-r H. Stephens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweet-er, Taylor,
Thomas, Jacob Thomp>on, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Wdliam Thomp-on, Thurman, Toomb., Tuck,
Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Watkin% Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittlesej, Wil-
drick, Wilmot, Wilson, Wmthrop, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—201.
So the amendment of Mr. Meade was rejected.
The question then recurred on the original prop-
osition of Mr. Stanton.
Mr.MEADE moved so to amend the proposition
as to include all the officers of the House.
Mr. STANTON rose to a question of order.
He submitted that after a vote had been taken on
a substitute, no further amendment would, under
the parliamentary law, be in order.
Mr. M EADE did not press his amendment.
Mr. ROOT then demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the original proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk stated the question.
Mr. GlDDINGS rose and said that he offered
the proposition which he sent to the Clerk's table
as a substitute for the original proposition.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, insisted on the
point of order, (which he had raised in the case of
the amendment offered by Mr. Meade and with-
drawn.)
[Cries: " Let the substitute be read for infor-
mation."]
The proposition was read in the words follow-
ing:
Whereas the election of the Speaker of this body is one
of the highest and most important duties incumbent upon its
members; and whereas, also, by common consent ol every
House of Representatives since the adoption of the Con-
stitution, a majority of all the votes given has been regarded
as necessaiy to a choice of that officer; and whereas the
freedom of debate has rt'er been regarded as one of thesafe-
guards < f American liberty : Therefore,
Resolved, Thar a change in such election so as to elect a
Speaker by a plurality ot votes, while the minority are not
permitted to discuss the propriety or constitutionality of such
change, will be oppie^sive in operation, of dangerous tend-
ency, and ought not to be adopted.
Mr. STANTON insisted on the point of order.
The Clerk said the point of order is to be de-
cided by the House. It is this: that after voiei
have been taken on the two first amendments, it is
out of order to offer another amendment.
Mr STANTON. There is another ground
upon which I submit that the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings] is out of
order. It is: thafit is not germane to the propo-
sition before the House.
The Clerk stated the additional objection.
Mr. MEADE desired to suggest another reason
why the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] was out of order. It proposed to
do nothing, but simply declared that the original
proposition introduced by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] was wrong. He (Mr.
M.) believed the amendment to be out of order on
that ground also.
Mr" HOLMES demanded the yeas and nays on
the point of order.
Mr. GlDDINGS said that he offered his propo-
sition as a substitute for the original proposition,
and not as an amendment to it.
The Clerk so stated.
Mr. STANTON. Very well. It is not on the
subject of the original proposition.
The question was then stated to be on the de-
mand of Mr. Holmes for the yeas and nays on
the point of order.
Mr. GlDDINGS. Give us the yeas and nays,
gentlemen; and let the country see how we act
upon these things.
The Clerk, having put the question, stated that
there was not a sufficient number voting in favor
of the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Levin" and
Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
And the vote having been taken, stood—in favor
of the yeas and nays 30, against them 146.
So the yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. ASHE moved that the House adjourn
until Monday, at twelve o'clock.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The Clerk then stated the question to have
recurred on the original proposition of Mr Stan-
ton, (on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.)
A brief conversation occurred between Mr.
Potter and the Clerk, on the point whether the
resolution was now open to amendment or not.
After which—
The Clerk proceeded with the call of the yeas
and nays on the original proposition of Mr. Stan-
ton. *
And several members had answered to their
names, when—
Mr. HOLMES rose to a question of order. It
was this: was not the House to have a vote on
the proposition which had been offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings?]
The Clerk said that the House had decided
