1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
offi.ce peculiarly embarrassing, onerous, and re-
sponsible.
i may be permitted, therefore, to ask in advance
your generous aid and support in the effort I shall
make, firmly, faithfully, and impartially, to dis-
charge i's duties.
The country has been looking with anxiety to
our efforts to effect an organization. The people
will continue to regard with intense interest every
step we take in our legislative coarse. Our duties
will be laborious, our responsibilities great. Let
then, in view of these considerations, invoke
in the discharge of these duties, a patriotism as
broad as the Union, and as comprehensive as the
nature and character of her various interests and
institutions. Gruided by this spirit, under the
blessing of Heaven, our action will result in the
continued prosperity of our common country.
Accept, gentlemen, my grateful acknowledg-
ments for the honor you have conferred on me m
selecting me as your presiding officer during the
piesent Congress.
Mr. VINTON. Mr. Speaker, the annual
communication Irom the Executive has so long
been delayed that the country, as a matter of
course, is very desirous of knowing what it is.
For the purpuse, therefore, of preparing the way
for offering tne customary resolution informing the
Senate that this House is organized, and the Presi-
dent that both Houses are organized and ready to
receive any communication from him, I move that
the Chair now proceed to swear in the members of
this House.
The SPEAKER. That will be done without
the necessity tor a motion.
The Clerk. Mr. Linn Boyd, a Representative
from Kentucky, and the oldest consecutive mem-
ber of the House, will piease administer the oath
of office to the Speaker elect.
The Speaker accordingly descended from his
seat, and took the oath to support the Constitution
of the United States—administered by Mr. Boyd.
The Speaker having resumed the chair—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said: I desire
to make one remark: that is, to swear in the mem-
bers this evening wdl take some time. It will not
advance us at ail in getting the Executive commu-
nications, because this must be done in conjunction
with the Senate, and cannot be done until Monday
morning. I therefore move that the House adjourn
io Monday, the usual hour, twelve o'clock.
Mr. JONES suggested to the gentleman from
Mississippi the propriety of so modifying the mo-
tion as to adjourn to ten or eleven o'clock, a. m.,
on Monday, to enable the members of the House
So take the oath of office before the meeting of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER reminded Mr. Jones that the
motion to adjourn was not debatable.
Tellers we're asked and ordered on the motion
to adjourn, and Messrs. RoBiNSONand McMullen
wete appointed.
The affirmative vote was reported—122 being a
aiajority of ail the members.
8o, without a count of the negative,
The SPEAKER declared the motion agreed to,
And the House adjourned.
should rise in his seat and hold up his hand, and |j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mosday, December 24, 1849.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, at
twelve o'clock.
The Journal of Saturday was read.
When the reading had been concluded—
Mr. WENT WORTH and Mr. KAUFMAN
addressed the Chair.
The floor was given to Mr. Wentworth.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he rose to a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER said, he would state that no
question was m order until the members of the
House had been sworn in. A motion to amend
the Journal, or any other privileged question,
would then be in order-
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired whether it would
not he in order now, to move to amend the
Journal5
The SPEAKER said, No; the motion might
gi\e rise to debate
Mr. KAUFMAN said that he would then make
the moii'ui after the members had been sworn in.
Mr. JONES suggested, that, as the roll was
called, each member who answered to his name
that the oath be administered to all at once.
The suggestion was not adopted. jj
The SPEAKER then proceeded to administer <i
j to the members, by States—commencing with the K
i State of Maine—the prescribed oath to support the !'
i Constitution of the United States. \\
j This process (which occupied about half an ii
I hour) having been concluded— j'
| Mr. WENTWORTH claimed the floor, but j!
yielded for the moment to }i
j Mr. KAUFMAN, who rose to a correction of \\
I the Journal. He stated that his name had been ji
omitted from the vote to lay on the table the prop- j<
1 osition of Mr. Stanton, and the amendment pro- {|
posed thereto, providing a mode for the election of ;
Speaker. He voted in the negative. i;
Mr. HOAGLAND rose and said; Mr. Speaker, !:
in looking over the reported proceedings of Satur- i,
day, I perceive my vote has not been recorded on i|
a resolution which was passed by the House. If j|
I should dislike one position more than another, it ||
would be that one which might place me before
the country as having evaded any question that
might legitimately come before the House for its
action; and more especially one of such moment,
an l partaking so much of principle, as the resolu-
tion to which I refer—a resolution, sir, which
doubtless furnished the basts of your success to
that chair, and one that may be looked t.< and re-
garded as a precedent for future legislation. I
\ allude, sir, to the resolution introduced by the hon-
' orable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
| and upon which I gave a negative vote. That the
record may not afford a subject for animadversion
and improper imputation, I desire, sir, to have it
corrected. I not only voted on the proposition
mentioned, but have, I believe, upon all questions,
resolutions, and motions which have been acted
upon since L have had the honor of being a member
of this body.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the Journal of Sat-
urday last, so as to show that he did not vote on
the vote to rescind the resolution forbidding de-
bate. He was incorrectly repotted as voting m
the affirmative.
Mr. D. also, by unanimous consent, moved to
correct the Journal of the 17th instant, so as to
show, that on the motion to lay on the table the
resolution offered by Mr. Thompson, of Kentucky,
for the appointment of a committee to report a
plan for the organization of the House, he voted
in the negative. He was not recorded as having
voted on the question.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WENTWORTH then sent to the Speak-
er's table a resolution for the adoption of certain
rules of the last House of Representatives at the
close of its session.
Mr- VINTON rose and said that he would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went- ;
worth] that it was very probable this resolution \
would give rise to debate. He (Mr. V.) would, i
therefore, ask the gentleman to withdraw it for the ;
present, with a view to enable some gentleman to j
offer the resolution which usually preceded all j
business proceedings—that was to say, a resolu-
tion informing the Senate that the House of Rep- i
resentatives was organized and ready to proceed to j
business—and also a lesolution informing the Ex- !
ecutive of the same fact, so that the message might 1
be sent in.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that, ,
with the consent of the gentleman from Illinois, j
[Mr. Wentworth,] he (Mr. T.) would send to ;
the Speaker's table a resolution of that kind.
Mr. WENTWORTH said thatif his resolution ,
would not lose its place, he had no objection to ,
waive it for the purpose indicated by the gentle- j
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
The SPEAKER said, that if there was no ob- ,
jection, the resolution ot the gentleman from Mi- !
nois [Mr. Wentworth] would be postponed until
the resolution of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] had been acted upon. :
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to any condi-
tional postponement of the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON repeated the expression of
the hope that the gentleman from Illinois would
allow the resolution to be introduced and acted
upon. .
Mr. McCLERNAND explained that he had no ,
objection to the resolution of the gentleman from ;
Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson ] His objection ap- i
plied altogether to any conditional postponement
of the other resolution,
Mr- WENTWORTHagain expressed his will-
ingness that the resolution should be acted upon,
provided that which he had offered would not
thereby lo3e its place.
Mr. VINTON said it was not his desire to ex-
press any opinion in relation to the proposition of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth.]
That proposition could be renewed at any time-
All that he (Mr. V.) had said was, that in his
opinion the resolution would give rise to debate;
and unless the gentleman from Illinois would with-
draw it, he (Mr. V.) should move that it be laid
on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that his reso-
lution should lie informally on the table. If any
gentleman should offer a proposition of a similar
character, before his own was acted upon, he
should offer his as an amendment.
THE USUAL COMMITTEES.
Mr, THOMPoON, of Mississippi, then sent to
the Speaker's table the following resolution, which
was read;
Rejoined, That a message be sent to the Senate to in-
form that body that a ijuorum of the llou^e of Representa-
tives has a^s mibied, and that Howell Cobb, one of the
Repre-entaiives (rotn the State of Georgia, has been chosen
Speaker, and that the Hou>e is now ready to pioceed to
buijues , aiid that the Cleric do go with said message.
The resolution having been read, the question
was taken, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose and said that
he held in his hand a resolution, which (he was
understood to say) he had twice before had the
honor to offer, providing for the distribution of
seats.
Mr THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose and
asked the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
to give way foi * moment, to allow him (Mr. T.)
to introduce a resolution which, he said, was ne-
cessary to the organization of the House.
Mr. EVANS yielded the floor for the purpose
, indicated.
j Mr. THOMPSON then offered the following
j resolution, which was read:
> Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
, tins House, to join such committee as may be appointed on
ilif part of the Senate, to wan on the President ot the United
6iatc and miorui lam that a quertim "1 the H 'use of Rep-
resentatives is a>sem')led, and that Congress is ready to
receive any comuiuuieatum U<; may be pleased to make.
' The resolution was adopted.
And the following members were appointed by
j the Speaker the said committee:
Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania, Mr. Vinton of
Ohio, and Mr. Holmes of South Carolina.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BOYD rose, he said, to offer the resolution
which he would send to the Chair.
Tne resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the rules of the House of Representative?,
except the eleventh rule, as existed at the eJ«- p of the last
session of Congress, be adopted the rules of this House
until otherwise ordered; and that a standing committee of
fwe members be appointed, to be st>!cd the Committee on
Rules.
The eleventh ru/e, which Mr. BOYD proposed
to except, by the operation of the resolution, is in
the following words:
" In all other eases of ballot than for committees, a ma-
jority of the votes given a, hill bo necessaiy to an election;
and where there-hall not be such a majority on the first
ballot, the ballots glial! he repeat* d until a majority be ob-
tained. [Apitl ?, 1789 ] And to all balloting^, blanks shall
be rejected, and not taken into the count in the enumeration
ot votes, or repodeci by the tellers " [Sept 15; 1837.J
Mr. BOYD, in explanation, said that his object
in excepting this rule was, to pievent the House
getting into the same difficulty, in the choice of its
other officers, as thai in which it had recently been
so long involved in respect to the election of
Speaker. As it was probable that a discussion
might arise on the resolution, it was his desire to
move that the further consideration of it should be
postponed until to-morrow.
Tne SPEAKERstated the question to be on the
motion to postpone.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to inquire of the
Speaker whether the motion to postpone was de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
within a limited extent, the resolution was deba-
table.
Mr. WENTWORTH expressed the opinion
that the preference of the House would be that the
