1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL {JL0BE.
by enlarging the present Indian country west of
Arkansas, hy adding: that portion north of this
line, the Indians in Texas may be located away
from the whites, where they can be protected from
the intrusions of the whites, and the whites will
be relieved from the irruptions oP the Indians. I
see, therefore, much merit in the amendment of
the Senator. The difficulty I have is this: The
proposition to confirm the title ofTexas to the Rio
Grande, and then turn it into an Indian territory,
would he to convert the present settlement east of
the Rio Grande, the civilized portion of it, in- j
eluding Santa Fe, into an Indian territory.. Tijat j
I never can do. I never can do that act of injus- I
tiee to those people now inhabiting Santa Fe, j
whose ancestors for two hundred years have lived j
there. Really, 1 cannot think the Senator from j
Alabama would desire such a result. I believe the Ij
true boundary of Texas is,a line nearly north and h
south, east of Santa Fe, beino; formed by the !
rarixe of mountains which separates the waters j
which flow into the Rio Grande from those which
flow into the Arkansas and Red rivers. There is
a range of mountains there running nearly parallel
to the river, which separates t'ne waters through
that entire country. I believe Texas is entitled to
the country east of that range, and New Mexico
to that west of it. Theie id no Mexican settle-
ment east of that range, and by making that range
the dividing line, no injustice would be done to
New Mexico, and it would not interfere with any
of her settlements, and it would be a natural bar-
rier between that and the Indian territory. I
cannot doubt that the title of Texas is good to all
that part east of those highlands, for the resolu-
tions of annexation provide that from all that part
of the territory n.orth of 36° 30' slavery shall be
excluded. The resolutions therefore admit the
title to a portion of the territory north of that line.
You are therefore estopped from denying the title
of Texas north of 36° 30', and east of the moun-
tains to which I have referred, by the very resolu-
tions of annexation. My idea was, and is, that
the range of mountains was the dividing line. I
am willing to take the amendment of the Senator
from Alabama, if he will limit the western bound-
ary by that range of mountains instead of the R.io
Grande.  Then the northern boundary of Texas
will be the thirty-fourth parallel of north latitude,
and the eastern boundary of New Mexico will be
the range of mountains which separates the waters
which flow into the Rio Grande from those which
flow east. And then the Indian territory will be
bounded on the north by the present Indian coun-
try, on the south by the thirty-fourth parallel of
latitude and Red river, and east bj' the State of
Arkansas, bringing the Indians as eompai't as is
consistent with our present system,into an Indian
territory better adapted to them than to white
settlers, and in the best place that we can locate
mm
which, reserve*-th$ question, necessarily qualifies
the provision in regard to the Missouri compro-
mise line. If the true boundary, wheri,discovered,
should leave no territory north of 36° 30\ then
there would be nothing for thai provision to act
upon, and it would becoxpe nugatory. The rea-
soning, therefore, of the honorable Senator does
not apply. " . . ' J
Mr. RXJSiC^ I,will say a few word3 in apswer
JO the point suggested. I never assumed that the
j o i rtf r$s o I lit i o n gave Texas any title at all; but 1
assumed this: tbat the Government of the United
States, in treating: with Texas, informed her by
this resolution that she took in.to consideration
the Union
conferred*
to adjust preexisting territorial cokrovers)e8
, As a foreign qu.es.tiop, the .power w$9
conferred upon us by the'resolution'of ahntix'ati^
treaty with say'congesting: Power. The resolutib?!
M.ntJer which we annexed Texas' rec.ognized Wef
boundary, s.ave a, d except j$o far as any forei|ri
power claimed territory within the defied limits
of the independent State ofTexas., Mexico wa£
the only' Power "whicn set ,up such eteim, and
when we, at tb.e cio^e of a war commenced in de-
fence of the boundary ofTexas as defined by her?
self, silenced that claim by the treaty of tjTuadalu^
Hidalgo, we acquired whatever ijighl Mexjco had
to the territory in dispute between Mexico and
and regarded her claim as she had asserted it in Texas, and we must have acquired it for T,exas 
her law; for unless that was the case ihere could j| The Government of the United States cannot nov?
be no territory north of 36°30', about which there j! falsify the position which'it took then, arwl declare
could beany trouble or difficulty. I do not assert ii that title void on which we went to war. Nor
that the opinion of the President of the United j: can the Government of the United States, after
States makes a good title to Texas; but what I as- \ \ having defended and maintained the title of Texas
sorted was, that to assert the claims of Texas in against Mexico, change its attitude and claim to
correspondence with her officer, and to recognize i. have acquired, in its own right, whatever Mexico
it, and then to make a treaty afterwards and ac-ji may have been entitled to, and_ have surrendered
quire the very title which this Government said ij to the United States prosecuting the claim of
belonged to Texas, was 8n act of bad faith, and
| one from which she can claim no benefit. The
right of Texas was in dispute between her and
Mexico. I have never asserted here, nor is it ne-
cessary at all, that the title ofTexas up to the Rio
Grande was indisputable before the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo. That is not the question. Cut
the title has been recognized in every act that has
| been done—recognized by Senators here as the
very claim which created war between Mexico and
the United States.
Well, then, so far as the territory eawt of the 1
Rio Grande is concerned, what was the Govern- j
mentof the United Stales doing when she entered !
into the treaty with Mexico ami terminated the j
war? Was she acquiring territory for herself, or j
i settling the boundary of Texas ? If she was set- j
fling the boundary of Texas-, she was acting within I
her legitimate sphere of action; and I say ihat she |
was settling that boundary because it is impossible I
to reconcile those acts of the Government with i
any other supposition. She was then settling it; !
and to insist upon a different position—that she 1
was acquiring territory for herself, toj.be exclusion 1
ofTexas—is an assumption inconsistent with fair
and open dealing with Texas. What! have an
intention at the time we were making a law that
that law should never go into effect, but to make
it as a mere pretext for grabbing terrhory? Is
that fair? I ask whether such a supposition is
consistent with our notions of the dignity of the
Government of the United States?
Watchful of the rights of Texas, the Governor
asked the President of the United States if lie in-
tended to claim it? " No," said the President. Is i
that consistent? Has he a right to falsify the fact? j
them. I believe it will answer all the purposes ji The Government of the United States cannot be-
both of New Mexico and Texas better than the !'
plan reported by the Committee of Thirteen, with |
respect to the territory there. I would much !
rathtf* take the amendment of the Senator from 1
Alabama, if we can, and not disturb the ptesent j
settlement there. 1 think, if we can do this, it |
may obviate much of the difficulty in the way of j
the adjustment of this vexed question. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am quite j
aware that the President of the United States ex- ]
pressed the opinion which the Senator has read, ;
and I am also aware that he has expressed other !
favorable opinions with regard to the claims of j
Texas, but I have been perplexed to see how such
opinion can be reconciled with the facts which he
admits and states with great precision. He de-
clares that Texas never had possession of or juris-
diction over any part of New Mexico. Now, sir,
J do not see how the mere opinion of the Presi- i
dent, drawn from such premises, can make the '
title of Texas from the mouth of that river to us j
source a good title. The premises must stand ;
with the conclusion, and my embarrassment is in
seeing Wbw the one follows from the other.
Then, sir, the Senator says that Texis had ter-
ritory here, and the proof of it hes m the fact that
Congress so considered it when they established
the Mibsouii compromise line as applicable to the
terutory. Now, 1 look upon the matter in this
light. There was a boundary in dispute. The
resolutions of annexation prove this beyond all
question, for the boundary is expressly reserved
for settlement by Congress. This resolution,
gin anywhere else with her title but at the taking
] oossession of Santa Fe, and when that was done,
I Texas was assured her claim was recognized as
well founded. It seems to me that this is plain.
The whole thing seems to me so clear, that he that
runs may read. With great deference I would
say, without any imputation upon the motives of
any gentleman, that the trouble here is freedom or
slavery. That is the question gentlemen choose
to imke, rather than place the conflicting claims
of the United States upon their true merits, if it
were possible to arrest the exciting subject of sla-
very and settle this matter on its true merits, I feel
sure it could be done in three hours.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, ft seems to me
that much of what has been said in reference
to the title ofTexas would have been more appro
Texas.
It cannot now be necessary to go into the' ques-
tion of where was the boundary of Texas, as a
part of the Territory of Louisiana or as a province
under the .vice-royalty of.. New Spain; or where
were its boundaries as part of the State of Texas
and Coahyiia, in the Republic of Mexico, it "if
Texas as an independent State, Texas tfa she rose
mature from the cradle of revolution ahd;stobd'b4-
fore an astonished and admiring world,-confessed
and recognized as a sovereign State; it is Texas as
her boundaries were established in 1836; Texas
as she was annexed to the United States, that we
have to consider. All which is beyond that, is
without the proper limit of our present inquiry.
I will not go into the history of the recognitjpn
of that, boundary by the Republic of Mexico,
though tempted to do eo by the manner in which
if, was adverted to here to-day. Suffice it to say,
that 1 hold Mexico did recognize the boundary of
Texas to be the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source, when one of the most remarkable wars
that has marked the history of man was termina-
ted by one of the most triumphant achievements
which military annals record. A treaty was then
made with the President, being Dictator of Mex-
ico; and if the fact that he was a prisoner during
the negotiation t^stroyed its value, still, sir, the
treaty *tcquiied validity ftom the authority which
the' Government ad interim, upon 'hearing of his
capture, conferred upon the General who succeeded
to him in the command of the army in the North,
to enter into any stipulations or arrangement which
might re necessary to save the army, and'to ob-
fain the lelease of their President from his captiv-
ity as a prisoner of war. By virtue of that treaty,
■ w hich recognized the boundary ofTexas to be the
Rio Grande, their captive President was released,
i and their army, wnh all its provisions and muni-
tions of war, was allowed to return to Mexico,
i Mexico then got the whole benefit promisrd to her
i hy the treaty, and Texas has $ right now to claim
• from the Urited States, as she continued" to'de-
J mand of Mexico, a fulfillment of that condition of
• the treaty in consideration of which those benefits
I were granted and received.
j In the bill which is now before us, it seems to
i me that the duties ot the Governmental inverted.
The first obligation, whether determined by prior-
ity or degree of importance, was to define and es-
tablish the boundaries ofTexas. It is brought in
as the make-weight, the last part of this general
plan of compromise, as it has ceen called.. It ap-
pears to me that it should have been a proposition
priatc if the question had been on a treaty of limits \\ prior, separate, and distinct, because that must be
determined before we know what and where
is the territory for which we have to provide.J...,
Whatever were the rights of Texas, they shoutf^
have been settled conformably to the resolution of
annexation, and defended as required by the Con-
stitution of the United Slates, it is the duty of
this Government to suppress insurrection and to
secure quiet within the boundaries of a State. But
by disputing the territorial rights of Texas, you
have not merely failed to perforfn this Uuty, but
have fomented disorder and created ipsurrt ction-
ary movements against the authority in the terri-
tory along the Rio Grande, and hence proceeded
the commotion at Santa Fe, which has been 3po-
with Mexico. If, instead of domestic, legislation
we had been engaged in negotiations with a foreign j
i Government to establish the boundary ofTexas, j
| then these investigations and results would have j
; entered into the determination of whafe we should '
i demand and what we might yield. But al! these ■
. questions are now closed. The whole power of j
! the United Spates to change the boundaries of ;
j Texas was derived fronrthe compact of annexa- ;
! tion, and exhausted by cne treaty of Guadalupe ;
; Hidalgo. Then it became the duty of this Gov-
: ernment to declare what the boundary of Texas j;
| was. I hold that as a domestic question we have j
I not, never have had, a right to reduce the bounda- J
ries of that State more than of any other State of >  ken of to-day by the Senator frorp ^eutuc-ky
