IM2,
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
That Senator, to present the strong necessity for
civil government, depicted the horrors of military
authority, as exercised at Santa! Fe. He referred,
in terms certainly not commendatory, they seemed
to be deprecatory, to the officer who has until very
recently been discharging the duties which, in ad-
dition to those of a military commander, had, by
the necessity of the case, devolved upon him: with
expressive emphasis, spoke of him as a lieutenant
colonel. Sir, although he holds no higher rank
than that, he is a veteran whose head has bleached
in the service of his country, who has performed
services sufficiently important to have made him a
general, and possesses acquirements and certainly
merit enough to entitle him to be governor of a
better place than Santa Fe. But, sir, that officer,
after some years of arduous service in the war with
Mexico, and in Indian campaigns since, was re-
cently granted a short leave of absence, for the
purpose of visiting his family, whom he had not
seen throughout that whole period of toilsome and
dangerous service. It will strike him with some
surprise, in the retirement and repose he is per-
mitted briefly to enjoy, to hear that the Senator
from Kentucky holds him responsible for all those
bloody scenes which might have been enacted,
and which were depicted before the Senate this
day.
Sir, I think that the Secretary of War, who has
been described as wielding the power of an autocrat,
has done no more than his duty in this case, and
has performed it wilh propriety and discretion.
He has given, as I understand it, those entrusted
■with the command of the United States troops in
the district of Santa Fe instructions not to interfere
with any civil contrpyersy between those who are
claiming jurisdiction over the territory. He was
right. You have failed to establish the boundary",
and it was because it w is a disputed question, that
he was right; otherwise it would have been his
duty to order; and in the absence of orders, 1 hold
it would have been the duty of the military com-
mander there to suppress any insurrection against
the legally-constituted authorities of Texas. Under
the circumstances, I think the Secretary of War
acted with great propriety; and that the officers
under his command who, with a feeble force, have
been giving protection to the citizens of that fron-
tier, deserve commendation for having kept aloof
from the local controversies which had no connec-
tion with the duties of their profession, and from
those questions which we know liave been disturb-
ing the peace of that country, and which it is our
duly here and now to decide.
This results from the unsettled condition of that
boundary question, which is presented, but not
settled by this bill, and which defect it is proposed
by the amendment of the Senator from Alabama
to remedy. It is a question which stands before
your bill, and which can scarcely be evaded. Has
Texas a title, or has she not ? If she has no title,
then what land do you propose to pay her money
for? If she has a title, you have no right to buy
it. The committee may take either horn of the
dilemma they please. 1 hold their proposition to
be irremediably wrong. Within the States, this
Government may by cession take territory and
exercise exclusive jurisdiction over it for certain
enumerated objects only; for the establishment of
forts, magazines, arsenals, dockyards, and other
needful buildings, and for a seat of the Govern-
ment of the United States, a district not to exceed
ten miles square. The grant is for specific objects,
and has no application beyond them. The pur-
pose of diminishing the limits of a State so as to
reduce the number of States into which it may be
carved, or of changing the jurisdiction under which
the institutions may be moulded in their embryo
state, can hardly justify an argument for the exer-
cise of such an extraordinary undelegated power.
Can those who have questioned the power of this
Government to govern the territories we possess,
now advocate a proposition to invade the limits ofa
State, and drain the common treasury to buy land
that it may be transferred to the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the United States. If the purpose of this pur-
chase be that which has so often been intimated—
and whatever else may be the purpose such is the
probable result—if a portion of the lerritory now
secured to the slavehold'mg States is to be trans-
ferred to the authority of Congress, at least let us
show a sense of our right by sternly resisting this
twofold wrong, by which our political power is to
be diminished and our taxation increased. It is a
gross misapplication of the public funds,- and a
great perversion of the object for which the Union
was formed; it is calling upon this Government,
by omission and commission, through its influ-
ence, and by its treasury, to take from a State a
portion of its domain for the purpose of convert-
ing it into a Territory of the United States. Sir,
1 would ask, can this be a legitimate object of our
Confederacy ? There can be out one answer; then,
in accordance with it, let us abandon this oblique
approach, and come at once to the question which
should long Since have been met: " Where is the
boundary of Texas?" That fyeing established,
you have the power to see where and how the
next step is to be taken, and must leave the
boundary of Texas fixed until the creation of a
new State within her limits may modify it. This
is in keeping with the Constitution, and with the
resolutions of annexation, which never contem-
plated the separation of one acre of her territory
except when that territory with the consent of
Texas became a State of the Union. Why, I
press the inquiry, why is it sought to transfer this
territory from the jurisdiction of Texas, and place
it under the control of Congress? Has Congress
shown such great capability to govern her other
territories? Have you passed laws and provided
officers^ to execute those law3 within the territo-
ries you already possess? And if not, if you
have appeared before the country and foiled in
every effort you have made to provide govern-
ments for your territories, why do you seek to
take domain from Texas and transfer it to a con-
dition for which you may never be able to pro-
vide? What becomes of the argument to waive
the irregularities in the case of California, because
of our inability to form a territorial government
for them? Sir, this Government has been hum-
bled before the world; in this, that it has stood
paralyzed by a faction, failing to discharge its du-
ties to those territories, which it was bound to
govern and to protect, both by the treaty of acqui-
sition and by the Constitution itself. Why, then,
if the power exists, does any one seek to acquire
territory which is under thejurisdiction of a State
of this Union ? Can it be, is it that you avoid
your obligations to determine and to declare the
boundaries of that State? Sir, I dislike this eva-
sion of a question which falls upon us legitimately.
It came to us wilh the resolutions of annexation;
it has been our duty to meet it ever since the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo gave us that power; and
now I ask that the question should be met; I ask
the Senate by its vote to say whether they will
dispute the boundaries of Texas, or, if you do not
dispute them, whether you will shrink from the
duty of declaring and establishing them ?
The Senator from Texas, who sits on my right,
[Mr. Rusk,] has discussed the question of the
title of Texas so generally and ably that it is not
necessary for me to add anything. But I will
take this occasion to say that this is not a question
which affects Texas alone; it is one in which
every southern State has deep interest. It is a
fact which is daily and painfully enforced upon
us, that the southern States are losing that balance
of power which they have heretofore possessed.
When they become such a minority in the Senate
and in the House that they stand powerless before
a sectional majority, and when legislation shall be
directed by sectional hostility against their inter-
ests, think you, sir, that the sons of those who
snapped the ties which bound them to the mother
country sooner than be taxed where they were
not represented, and who rejected as a hollow
mockery the idea of being represented in the Brit-
ish Parliament by a minority so small that it must
be unable to protect their rights—think you, I
say, that they will, under thi3 hypothesis, consent
to remain in this confederation, however loved
and revered it may be? It is but too well known
that our rights would cease to be respected when
we have no longer the physical power to maintain
them. Is it not our policy, and is it not the true
policy of all who love the Union more than sec-
tional aggrandizement, to unite with us to secure
that equilibrium which will prevent unju3t sec-
tional legislation, and to preserve the Confederation
in a state similar to that for which our fathers
formed its Constitution, and to which, as it came
I from their hands, it is so admirably adapted ?
Now, sir, we are in a minority, and every year
becoming relatively less. We have a wide domain
within the limits of Texas. Itis the duty of every
southern man, at least I feel it to be my own, to
protect every acre of it to the maintenance of the
political power of the South. Equally with other
sections of the Union we have borne the toil, the
danger, and the yix of acquiring new territory from
Mexico, but it appears thatweare notto be equally
benefited by the acquisition. Not equally ! Wo,
not at all. Then, sir, while we are to be deprived,
if we judge from the signs which surround us, of
any share in these recent acquisitions, we are
asked in addition to surrender a portion of our old
domain. Sir, to do that forms no part of my pol-
icy. I feel that it forms no part of my duty. I
know that it forms no part of that conduct expect-
ed from me by those whose representative 1 am.
Against all that part of the bill which seeks to
transfer any portion of Texas to the jurisdiction
of the United States, I am unalterably opposed.
The amendment of the Senator from Alabama
proposes to confirm and establish the boundary of
1836; it proposes, moreover, to remove the In-
dians from all .that country where the chaparral
gives them hiding places, and to transfer them to a
country where they can be more easily guarded,
and effectually prevented from committing depre-
dations on our defenceless citizens, and, by the
coopeialion of the Legislature of Texas, the whites
be prevented from trespassing upon the Indians.
It is not, as the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] supposes, to crowd them up in Santa Fe and
Taos, but to place them in that part of Texas
north of the 34th parallel of latitude, which shall
be designated for that purpose by the Legislature.
It never was intended to crowd them into Santa
Fe or upon the Rio Grande, or to crowd all the
different tribes together; but in a country unset-
tled, and adjacent to the great Indian reservation
of the West, to place appropriately such tribes as
should be removed to it. The southern boundary
would be the 34th parallel of latitude; the eastern
might be the line dividing the territory now set
apart for Indians from the State of Texas; the
western might be the meridian of longitude which
was assumed by New Mexico as her provin-
cial boundary; all this is open, left for the de-
cision of Texas, except the removal of the In-
dians to that country north of 34° north latitude,
being within the limits of Texas, and where no
persons are engaged in cultivating the land. It is
not to mingle the nomadic tribes with the Pueblo
Indians, who are thought to be so lit to form a
State government. There is nothing in the propo-
sition of the Senator from Alabama which would
justify that conclusion. It merely designates a
line above which the Indian territory shall be set
apart. That line is drawn through a desert coun-
try, bordered by wide plains, where neither woods
nor chaparral jungles would conceal the Indians,
who, in predatory bands, might seek to pass into
the settlements, and therefore where they could
easily be governed. These are the reasons indi-
cating that locality, and which, it strikes me, con-
stitute a great advantage over any other proposi-
tion which has been submitted. My own idfa is,
that the line of posts should be established north
of the thirty-fourth parallel of latitude, say along
the Canadian river; thereabouts, in my opinion,
is the country to which the Texas Indians should
be removed, where ought to be established a line
of military posts, resting on one side on the coun-
try of the Choctaws and Creeks, and on the other
on the Rio Grande, and above that line you may
keep those wild Indians with least expense to the
Government and greatest safety to the frontier in-
habitants of Texas—the latter being the consider-
ation which will probably induce Texas to set
apart the land for Indian occupation.
Mr. CLAY. I certainly do not rise for any
purpose of discussing the title of Texas to all the
country on this side the Rio Grande, but to make
a few observations in reference to what fell from
the Senator from Illinois. The Senator from Illi-
nois suggests the propriety of making the eastern
limit of New Mexico the ridge which separates
the waters of the Mississippi on the one hand from
those of the Rio Grande on the other. Now, in
the Committee of Thirteen I proposed myself sub-
stantially that limit. I proposed that we should
run the eastern line of New Mexico by beginning
at El Paso and thence running to the uppermost
source of the Red river, and thence to the 42d de-
gree of north latitude, or the ancient line between
the United States and Mexico. That would have
assigned to New Mexico all of what was origin-
