1849.
the congressional globe.
09
And the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BO WLI iV rose to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER understood Mr. B. to waive it
for the moment.
The SPEAKER then said, the resolution adopted
by the House requires that this business shall be
disposed of at once. The Speaker will order the
resolution to be again read, that gentlemen may
see what is required of each member in executing
the older of the House.
The resolution having been again read—
The SPEAKER said, gentlemen are now re-
quested to vacate their seats, and not to take any
other until their names shall have been called, and
they shall have made their selection under the order
of the House. It is made the duty of the Speaker
to see that this part of the resolution is complied
 :.l. nv.~u tic. man will tftlfA his as hl9
postage.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, gave notice that he
would, on to-morrow or some day thereafter,
introduce a bill to reduce the rates of postage, and
for other purposes.
THE MESSAGE.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Col W. W. S. Buss, his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection,
the Chair would lay the message before the House.
No objection having been made, the message
was read, as follows:
Ftllow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Sixty years have elapsed since the establishment r
of this Government, and the Congress of the Uni- i
to see that this part of the resolution is complied |j   assembles, to legislate for an em- j
with. . Each gentleman wil take his seat as his of free=en. Xhe pactions of evil prophets ,
Willi* JCjadi ..... v~. ~ ' ,
name is called, and no other name will be called
until such member shall have made a selection.
Gentlemen are also requested to remain in their
seats after they have selected them, that it may be
seen that those seats have been taken.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
its own order.
the process.
A general abdication followed. The members
poured forth in continuous streams down the
" veins and alleys" of the Hall to the area in front
of the Speaker's chair, where they stood, with
"upturned faces," closely packed together, wait-
ing the chances of the lottery. ,
The process occupied about an hour and a halt,
and, when completed, presented the result ofan en-
tire metamorphose in the/«ce of the House. The
nearest were furthest—the furthest nearest, lhe
icu ouucs again -- -~© .
pire of freemen. The predictions of evil prophets
who formerly pretended to foretell the downiali ot ,
our institutions, are now remembered only to be j
derided, and the United States of America, at this
moment, present to the world the most stable ana
permanent Government on earth.
Such is the result of the labors of those who
have gone before us. Upon Congress will emi-
nently depend the tuture maintenance of our sys-
tem of free government, and the transmission ot
! it, unimpaired, to posterity.
i We are at peace with all the nations of the world,
and seek to maintain our cherished relations ot
! amity with them. During the past year we have
1 been blessed, by a kind Providence, with an abund-
i' ance of the fruits of the earth; and, altnough the
!' destroying angel, for a time, visited extensive por
i' ° °   .u <\i n rii'pad 11
rected that no further aid should be rendered by
any agent or officer of the Navy; and i instructed
the Secretary of State to apprise the Minister of
the German Empire accredited to this Government,
of my determination to execute the law of the
United States, and to maintain the faith of treaties
with all nations. The correspondence which en-
sued between the Department of State and the
Minister of the German Empire, is herewith laid
beiore you. The execution of the law and the ob-
servance of the treaty were deemed by me to be
due to the honor of the country, as well as to the
sacred obligations of the Constitution. I shall not
fail to pursue the same course, should a similar
case arise, with any other nation. Having avowed
the opinion, on taking the oath of office, that, in
disputes between conflicting foreign Governments,
it is our interest, not less than our duty, to remain
strictly neutral, I shall not abandon it. You will
perceive, from the correspondence submitted to
you, in connection with this subject, that the course
adopted in this case has been properly regarded by
the belligerent Powers interested in the matter.
Although a Minister of the United States to the
German Empire was appointed by my prede-
cessor, in August, 1848, and has for a long time
been in attendance at Frankfort-on-the-Mam, ana
although a Minister appointed to represent that
Empire was received and accredited here, yet no
such Government as that of the German Empire has
been definitively constituted. But Mr. Donelson,
our representative at Frankfort, remained there
several months, m the expectation that a union ot
the German States, under one constitution or form
; of government, might at length be organized. It is
1 believed, by those well acquainted with the exist-
ing relations between Prussia and the States ot
nearest weie *«• _
choice seats of the House fell often to the lot of new |j y inJ of nerai health to a people who have a part', "it would become neces-
members, not conscious, perhaps, of the treasure ij ackn0  ledge*, hls power, deprecated his wrath, |j shouUwi;™;PM; Minister at Berlin; but
they had obtained; whilst older members, accus- . d ; |ore(j his merciful protection. , . !| J, prussla exists as an independent kingdom,
tomed to be seen and heard, made their distant . J enj ; the benefi[s 0t amicaole inter- are maintained with her
abodes on the remote crusts of the frontier region ; !; course withJfJreign nations, we have not been ,n- ! and dmlomattc .
scarcely to be seen, and still more doubtfully heard. |i senslb|e t0 the distractions and wars which have
'I prevailed in other quarters of the vorld. Iit is a
: proper theme of thanksgiving to :Him w ho rules
,! ihedestmies of nations, that we have been able to
the holidays.
Mr. JONES moved that when the House ad-
journs, it ad journ to meet on Wendesday next, at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. EVANS, of
the motion by substituting Thursday.
Mr. JONES suggested that the House should
meet on Wednesday, adjourn to Thursday, and
on that day adjourn over to Monday, so as to af-
ford the Speaker proper time to appoint the com-
mittees. , . . • ,
Mr M EADE was understood to suggest a joint
resolution of the two Houses to adjourn to a cer-
tain day, not heard.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Evans, and was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the motion, as thus amended, was agreed to.
So the House decided that when it adjourns, it
will adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
destroying angel, for a time, visited exlf"slve f°r', ;i Gfrmanv that no such union can be permanently
lions of our territory with the ravages of a eadlu Germany tw n ^ (h t
pestilence, yet the Almighty has at length deigned ®^.bffortlauTof such a union, and the organi-
to stay hia hand, and to restore the '"estimable ^ the formauon o, s^ ^ of whlch
blessing of general health > W e ® j| ghe shouW form a part> it would become neces-
sary to withdraw our Minister at Berlin, but
while Prussia exists as an independent kingdom,
and diplomatic relations are maintained with tier,
there can be no necessity for the continuance of
the mission to Frankfort. I have, therefore, re-
called Mr. Donelson, and directed the archives: of
.Up Wation at Frankfort, to be transferred to the
the'destinies of nations, that we have oeen ;; at Berlin.
meet on vv enuesuay ,«m, - ,, malRtam, amidst all these coi'ent Powers i'l Having be°en apprised that a considerable num-
, i1 and neutral position towardsall be 1 0 ,uBmns,f i ber of adventurers were engaged in fitting out a
Maryland, moved to amend j; Qur ielatlona with Great Britain of themoet 1; be of a wi(hit)- the Unlted States
  — ' friendly chaiacter. In consequence of the recent ■ y f P n country, and believing, from the
alteration of the British navigation acts,, Biiitish a I could obtain, that it was des-
se|s of the United States with their cargoes, a
nnr vessels will be admitted to the same advantages
S nnr,„ entering therein on the same terms
« British vessels. Should no order in council dis-
turb thtle^fauve arrangement, jhe late act of
tpfl States and opain, to mc
, nations; to the laws of the United ®at«;and,above
! all, to the American honor, to exert the lawful au
I thomy of this Government in suppressing the
1 exnedition and preventing the invasion. To this
i end I issued a proclamation, enjoining it upon the
i officers of the United States, civ;! and military to
use a!! lawful means within their Powe£ A
. .o UrAiv th suhmitt€
turb this legislative arrangement, l.£ £ of , use a. tawt _ w.;™ ,
[he British Parliament, by which,GreaBrita „ ,ij of that ^ ^ ,
The
the British Jfarliameiu, uy -
aiS. 'is sasna.. i
which "occurred between this Government and j
France, I am happy to say has been terminated .
and our Minister there has 1Deen reeved
the message.
Mr THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
joint committee to wait on the President, &a., rose
and notified the House that the committee had dis
diately.
that proclamation is nerew.u. ---•
statute book, L hold it to be the duty of the Exec-
utive faithfully to obey Us injunctions.
While this expedition was in progress,
vv uuc t   ,— , mp4 onr Drotec-
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, that as
there was now no business before the House, he
woSd move that the daily hour of meeting be
twelve o'clock, until otherwise ordered.
And it was ordered accordingly
rnssmmmmmm
wsmmmmMm
a sa! :^=sr-
d y, .'«   
introduce bills of the following titles, viz.
A bill for the relief of John Ozias;
A bill to regulate the value of certain foreign
TU to indemnify the officers and crews of
«<.U of war of the United States Navy, for
bv shipwreck, fire, or other casualties; and (
A bill to grant preemption rights for certain ;
islands in the Great Miami nvet
about to undergo • although
5US, as otni!£ i" v-un.i.wv  
Hoisted war. Aporehensive that this act of in- personal nrovided ■„ #ny aot of Congre
"tmion on our part, might be viewed as ai v,o- |
lation of our neutral obligations,he !
t our neuinii    .
rfehU for certain j treatj ^ ^Xp?n!"i818,0| di- \- consideration
i criminal code is therefore recommended to jour
