1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IM
ally considered as a part of New Mexico, and left
east of that line and south of it down towards
Texas an extent of territory, according to my
recollection of the map, of about two-thirds of
what is proposed to be ceded by Texas to the
United States in the proposition before the Senate.
I proposed that line in the committee, beginning at
El Paso, which is the ancient limit of New Mex-
ico, and running from El Paso to the Red river,
and thence to the 42d degree,leaving about two-
thirds of the present territory comprehended in the
proposed cession by Texas to the United States.
The committee, upon full consideration, thought
it best to run a line in the manner proposed, be-
ginning twenty miles up the Rio Grande by EI
Paso and to the northwest angle of the Indian
country; and it was proposed and recommended
to the Senate.
Now, sir, 1 think there is a good deal in the
suggestion of enlarging the Indian territory, by
making to itan addition from what would be ceded
by Texas, if this bill pass—if that two-thirds
or one half, be it more or less, be taken from her,
leaving what were regarded her ancient limits; for
I need not tell gentlemen familiar with the subject
that with respect to the boundaries of provinces,
it was not the habit of Spain to demark all their
external lines; they were designated generally by
their principal cities, or places which constituted
their center, and the outward lines were not de-
marked by the authority of Spain or Mexico.
But El Paso, according to an ancient document 1
have seen of nearly two hundred years standing,
as well as by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
was one of the limits of New Mexico. My prop-
osition, I repeat, was to begin at El Paso, that an-
cient limit.of New Mexico, and run to the head
of the Red river, and thence to the 42d degree of
north latitude. But does not the Senator from Il-
linois perceive that if the proposition made by the
committee should be acceded to by Texas, it will
always be in,the power of the Government of the
United States to take such part of New Mexico as
it pleases and assign it to the Indians there ?
* Now upon the other supposition. The proposi-
tions of the Senator from Alabama are two—first
to confirm the title of Texas from the mouth to
the source of the Rio Grande, and to declare it to
be a part of Texas. Well, it is known that with
a large number of the members of this body it is
impossible to do that.
The next proposition is this: considering Texas
aa undertaking to remove the Indians and place
them north of the line of the 34th parallel of latitude,
still within Texas; how can we do that? By what
authority can we do it?
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Kentucky
misunderstands the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. Ah! that may be; I have how-
ever, the printed amendment before me.
Mr. CLEMENS. But it has been modified.
It proposes to remove the Indians to such part of
the territory as the Legislature of Texas may
select.
Mr. CLAY. It was the printed amendment I
had before me. It is to be done with the consent
of Texas. Well, I shall not quarrel with that;
but the question is, whether it is not better to take
the line proposed by the committee, in which will
be contained the power of the United States to
take any portion of it, from the head-waters of
the Arkansas river—for really, sir, it is a country
not worth disputing about, only fit for Indians to j
hunt upon—take it at any time and assign it to the
Indians.
But, sir, allow me to express another senti-
ment, and to make a rpquest. Let us take a vote
upon the amendment now proposed. Let it be
adopted or voted down, according as the majority
shall determine. If it is rejected, it will be compe-
tent for the Senator from Illinois to make the pro-
position he hassuggested. Voting this proposition
down will not prevent that proposition from being
made. 'Let us take a vote upon this, and its adop-
tion or rejection will not prevent us from making
any other proposition.
Mr. CLEMENS. That is precisely what we
want.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, before I vote I
wish to state my position. I shall vote against |
the proposition. In doing so, 1 wish it to be un- !
derstood distinctly that I give no opinion on the j
validity ofthe claim of Texas. Strong considera- j
tions are urged in its favor; but I have not now I
that subject before me. There is- but one way, in
my opinion, in which we can authoritatively ad-
just the question by our own act; and that is, by
the full recognition of the Texas claim. This I
am not prepared to do. We have not the neces-
sary information for that purpose. Any other
settlement must be attained by mutual arrange-
ment, and I think the most satisfactory arrange-
ment we can make is, by the offer of a sum of
fconey, and by the consequent extinguishment of
the claim of Texas. That is the object of this
bill, and I shall vote for it.
Mr. BERRIEN. Having formerly expressed
the opinion that the boundary of Texas was limit-
ed by the Nueces, I desire to have it understood
that that opinion was so expressed anterior to the
acquisition of territory from the Mexican1 Govern-
ment by the treaty of Guadalupe. The question
what was the rightful boundary of Texas, as it
stood when Texas and Mexico were the parties
to the controversy, is presented in a very different
aspect as between the United States and Texas.
I believe, from the evidence before me, and to
which I have referred on a former occasion, that
the United States received Texas into the Union
with the limits which she asserted, reserving to
this Government solely the power to negotiate the
question of Texan boundary with Mexico, and
with Mexico as emphatically as if the word "Mex-
ico" had been inserted instead of " foreign Pow>-
er;" for I believe that there was no conterminous
foreign Power possessing the " right of embassy,"
and power to negotiate with foreign nations with
whom this Government could have treated in re-
lation to the boundary of Texas, save and except
Mexico alone. I consider, therefore, that, by the
resolution of annexation, Texas came into this
Union with the limits which she had claimed for
herself, subject only to have those limits restricted'
by negotiation between the United States and
Mexico. I suppose, from the abundant evidence
which has been laid before us, that the war which
was entered into between the United States and
Mexico was a war entered upon in affirmance of
the rights of Texas upon the question of boundary;
and I suppose, therefore, that the territory which
was acquired by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
so far as it fell within the limits claimed by Tex-
as, was acquired by the United States, not for her-
self, but in affirmance of the right of Texas. I
am notconsideringthe question whetherTexas was
or was not in actual possession of all the territory
which she claimed. Her claim to territory within
certain prescribed limits was asserted; her capacity
to maintain that assertion and to take possession
ofthe territory which she claimed, was taken from
her while war yet existed between Mexico and
herself, by the act of annexation, which made her
part of the United States. She had no longer a
right to wage war for the purpose of keeping or
reducing to possession the teriitory which had
been claimed by her act of 1836. The right which
she possessed was then surrendered to the United
States, of which she became a part, and the action
of this Government, whether by war or by nego-
tiation, was in her behalf, so far as her limits
were concerned, since the act of annexation pre-
vented her from maintaining that claim by either
of these means.
Sir, I ask Senators, in considering this claim, to
call to their recollection the treaty with Great
Britain, by which the northeastern boundary of
the United States was settled. It has been said
that thequestion is, not whatboundary was claimed
by Texas, but with what limits did she come into
the Union ? Referring to that treaty, I ask with
what limits did the State of Maine come into the
Union ? We all know that she did so, claiming a
boundary which was contested by Great Britain.
The boundary between the United States and Great
Britain was settled by the treaty of Washington. It
embraced a portion of territory claimed by Maine,
of which she had not had possession, but which
was actually occupied by British subjects; and
this territory was acquired by virtue of that
treaty, not for the United States, but for the State of
Maine. The tide of Maine to that portion of ter-
ritory so acquired, of whifh she had not possession
anterior to the treaty, was recognized by this Gov-
ernment, and it being stipulated in the treaty that
those British subjects who had beer, thus divested
of their nationality, should be indemnified for the
property they* held in what was thus determined to
be within the limits of the United States, the State
of Maine fulfilled'the stipulation in behalf of tha
Government, in the exercise of her sovereign
rights, and, as a consideration for doing so, received
a sum of money from this Government.
Now, sir, here is a question which- appears to
me to be analogous. The State of Maine is ad-
mittdH into the Union, claiming jurisdiction over
certain limits which are disputed. - A portion of the
territory claimed is in the possession of British
subjects. When this territory is acquired by this
treaty, it is acquired not for the United States, biit,"
for the State of Maine. , '' , -"
But, sir,' with this view, of the title of Texas, I.
am free to declare that there were cdnsiderations of
more importance in my view than the immediate
assertion of that title in its full extent, which in-
fluenced me to acquiesce in that report of the Com-
mittee of Thirteen, which T am still disposed to
sustain. I am still disposed to sustain the provis-
ions of this bill, so far as they relate to the State
of Texas, because I believe it better to compromise
a question of conflicting title than to leave it for the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, whenever that state of things shall arise
which will require that tribunal to take jurisdiction
of the question. Of its jurisdiction over such a
question I entertain no doubt. There is only one
consideration which presses upon my mind, and
which I believe has presented itself to Senators on
the other side of the Chamber. The provisions
of the resolution of annexation limit what is de-
nominated the free territory to the latitude of 36°
30'—south of that line, by the terms of the resolu-
tion, States may be formed with or without sla-
very, as the people establishing them may deter-
mine; and such States willbe entitled toadmission
into this Union, without regard to the manner in
which they may determine that question. Now,
whether this boundary begins at El Paso, ,or
twenty miles above it, I desire so to guard the
provision which is contained in the resolution of
annexation, that by the transfer of this property
between El Paso a.id the limit of 36° 30' of north
latitude, the stipulation contained in the resolution
of annexation on this particular subject shall not
be interfered with. If this provision should be
acceptable to the Senate, I should be very glad to
see one obstacle removed out ofthe way.
Mr. BUTLER. Ori a former occasion I ex-
pressed an opinion that Texas was bounded by
the Nueces, but since the termination of the war I
take a different view of her title. As 1 understand
it, Texas proper was a State, and she acquired her
independence by revolution, which was coextensive
with her State boundaries. She assumed, however,
to have done more. After she had acquired her
title by revolution she also contended that she had
acquired other rights by conquest beyond those
limits. Now, the, part of the country which she
claims to have acquired lies between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, and this Government has
acknowledged that her title to that territory was
good, for it was in consequence ofthe invasion of
that disputed territory by the Mexicans that the
war was commenced.
The territory of which I speak did not embrace
any portion of New Mexico. But Texas also as-
sumed, by the declaration of a solemn legislative
act, that she had acquired not only tbe country
lying between the Nueces and the Rio Grande, but
that she had also acquired to the forty-second par-
allel of latitude east of the Rio Grande, or that
portion ofthe land which is now. claimed to be in
! New Mexico. Sir, if we had not gone to war, and
j if it had not heen a fair subject of negotiation be-
I tween the United States and Mexico, Texas her-
| self could have made good her claim by the sword.
| But instead of Texas making good her claim by
J the sword, what did the United States do? They
i took upon themselves the quarrel. War was the
i arbiter, and it was not a mere trespass to try title;;
for when we resort to war we undertake to make
good every acre which we claim, and, having as-
sumed that position, we cannot turn round after
having been the ally of Texas and now be her ad-
versary, and set up this claim against her. I must
regard her title to the extent of her claim. It was
potentially good before, and we have made it good
by war. "The sword has decided that matter, and
I cannot, therefore, entertain a doubt upon tiiesub-
ject. So far as regards this boundary, I grant that
Texas, in conjunction with the United States,
might appoint a commissioner to lay it out; but so
long as she contests it, we have not 8 right to in-
