1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
Mexican Government did not accede to the propo-
sition for the purchase of the right of way, proba-
bly because it had cdieady contracted with private
in -ividudis for the construction of a passage from
the Grudsacuulco river to Tehuantepec. I shall
not renew any proposition to purchase, for money,
a rignt whicii ought to be equally secured to all
nations, on payment of a reasonable toll to the
owners of the improvement, who would, doubtless,
be weUco«temed with that compensation and the
guarantees of the mauume States of the world, in
separate treaties negotiated with Mexico, binding
her and them to protect those who should construct
the work. Such guarantees would do more to se-
cure the completion of the communication through
the territory uf Mexico than any other reasonable
consideration that could be offered; and as Mexico
herself would be the gieatest gainer by the opening
of this communication between the (iulf and the
Pacific ocean^ it is presumed that she would not
hesitate to yield her aid, in the manner proposed,
to accomplish an improvement so important to her
own best interests.
We have reason to hope that the proposed rail-
road across the isthmus of Panama will be suc-
cessfully constructed, under the protection of the
late treaty with New Granada, ratified and ex-
changed by my predecessor, on the 10th of June,
1848, which guaranties the perfect neutrality of
the isthmus, and the rights of sovereignty and
property of New Granada over that territory,
" wuh a view that the free transit from ocean to
ocean may not be interrupted or embarrassed "
during the existence of the treaty. It is our policy
• ..   .M-mtiroMA  >rtn
to encourage every practicable route across the Isth- jj stability
thousand and ninety-two dollars and seventy-three
cents, ($10 547,092 73,) making in the whole a
probable deficit to be provided for, of sixteen mil-
lions three hundred and seventy-five thousand two
hundred and fourteen dollars and thirty-nine cents,
($16,375,214 39 ) The extraordinary expenses of
the war wuh Mexico, and the purchase of Califor-
nia and New Mexico,exceed in amount this deficit,
together with the loans heretofore made for those
objects. I therefore recommend that authority be
given to borrow whatever sum may be necessary
to cover that deficit, i recommend the observance
of strict economy in the appropriation and expend-
iture of the public money.
i recommend a revision of the existing tariff,and
its adjustment on a basis which may augment the
revenue. I do not doubt the right or duty of Con-
gress to encourage domestic industry, which is the
great source of national as well as individual
wealth and prosperity. I look to the wisdom and
patriotism of Congress for the adoption of a system
which may place home labor at last on a sure and
permanent footing, and, by due encouragement of
manufactures, give a new and increased stimulus
to agriculture, and promote the development of our
1 vast resources and the extension of our commerce.
Believing that to the attainment of these ends (as
well as the necessary augmentation to the revenue
and the prevention of frauds) a system of specific
duties is best adapted, I strongly recommend to
Congress the adoption of that system, fixing the
duties at rates high enough to afford substantial
and sufficient encouragement to our own industry,
and, at the same time, so adjusted as to insure
rnus, which connects North and South America,
either by railroad or canal, which the energy and
enterprise of our citizens may induce them to
complete; and i consider it obligatory upon me to
adopt that policy, especially in consequence of the
absolute necessity of facilitating intercourse with
our possessions on the Paciftc.
The position of the Sandwich Islands, with ref-
erence to the territory of the United States on the
Pacific; the success of our persevering and benev
The question of the continuance of the Subtreas-
ury system is respectfully submitted to the wisdom
of Congress. If continued, important modifications
of it appear to be indispensable.
For further details and views of the above,
and other matters connected with commerce, the
finances and revenue, I refer to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
No duect aid has been given by the General
! Government to the improvement of agriculture,
co, under the act of Congress extending the reve-
nue jaws over California; and measures have been
taken to organize the custom-houses at that and
the other ports mentioned in that act, at the earliest
period practicable. The Collector proceeded over-
land, and advices have not; yet been received of his
arrival at San Francisco. Meanwhile, it is under-
stood that the customs have continued to be col-
lected there by officers acting under the military
authority, as they were during the administration
of my predecessor. It will, I think, be expedient
to confirm the collections thus made, and direct the
avails (after such allowances as Congress may
think fit to authorize) to be expended within the
Territory, or to be paid into the Treasury, for the
purpose of meeting appropriations for the im-
provement of its rivers and harbors.
A party, engaged on the coast survey, was dis-
patched to Oregon in January last. According to
the latest advices, they had not left California; and
directions have been given to them, as soon as they
shall have fixed on the sites of the two light-houses
and the buoys authorized to be constructed and
placed in Oregon, to proceed without delay to make
reconnoissances of the most important points on
the coast of California, and especially to examine
and determine on sites for light-houses on that
coast, the speedy erection of which is urgently de-
manded by our rapidly-increasing commerce.
I have transferred the Indian Agencies from Up-
per Missouri and Council Bluffs tq Santa Fe and
Salt Lake, and have caused to be appointed sub-
agents in the valley of the Gila, the Sacramento,
and San Joaquin rivers. Still further legal provis-
j| ions will be necessary for the effective and suc-
5j cessful extension of our system of Indian inter-
i. course over the new Territories.
ji 1 recommend the establishment of a branch mint
;i in California, as it will, in my opinion, afford im-
ij portunt facilities to those engaged in mining, as
!i well as to the Government in the disposition of
i the mineral lands.
; ' J also recommend that commissions be organized
:i by Congress to examine and decide upon thevalid-
ity of the present subsisting land titles in Califor-
olent ciuzens^who have'repTired to that remole !| exTpV the ex^n= of Tmal. sums for thi ;j nia and New Mexico; and that proton be made
r,„ Tr,,^12.^6 native and inilucm" u collection and publication of agricultural statistics, ;; for the establishment of offices of Surveyor Gen-
?hem to adoot a svatem of government and laws !| and for some chemical analyses, which have been, .i eral m New Mexico, California, and Oregon,.and
them to adopt a sysiem 01 gov«miw■ * , Datent fund. Th said tor the surveying and bringing into market the
fresh menus and repairs,—all combine to render j! couragement which it merits, I respectfully recom-
their destinv peculiarly interesting to us. It is our .j mend the establishment ot an Agricultural Bureau,
duty to e«%urageThe authorities of those islands to be connected with the Department of the Inte-
in their efforts to improve and elevate the moral ! j nor. To elevate the social condition of the agr
condition of the inhabitants; and we should make j; culturist, to increase his prosperity and to'extend
reasonable allowances for the difficulties msepata- [ his means of usefulness to his country,by mIt -
reasonaoie aiiuw«ii<- _ _ _ i p|ying nis sources 0f information, should be ,the
ble from this task. We desire that the is.ands
may maintain their independence, and that other
nations should concur with us in this sentiment.
We could, in no event, be indifferent to their pass-
ing under the dominion of any other Power. The
principal commercial States have in thisacommon
interest, and it is to be hoped that no one of them
will attempt to interpose obstacles to the entire in-
dependence of the islands.
The receipts into the Treasury for the fiscal year
ending on the 30th of June last were, in cash,
forty-eight millions eight hundred and thirty thou-
sand ninety-seven dollars and fifty cents, ($48,-
830 097 50.) and in Treasury notes funded, ten
millions ei ht hundred and unrty-three thousand
dollars, (#10,833,000.) making an aggregate of ,
fifty-nine millions six hundred and sixty-three |
thousand ninety-seven dollars and fitly cents, |
(*59,663,097 50;) and the expenditures for the ,
Se nine were, in cash, forty-six millions seven
hundred and ninety-eight thousand six hundred and
sixty-seven dollars and eighty-two cents, ($46,
798,667 82;) and in Treasury notes funded, ten
millions eight hundred and thirty-three th°u^nd
dollars, (>10,833,000, making an aggregate of htty-
seven millions six hundred and 'haLy-one^ thou-
sand six hundred and sixty-seven dollars and
ei?hfy-two_cen ,i(^7irai,€CT ^ ^ bg sub. ,
I study" of every statesman, and a primary object
with every legislator.
No civil government having been provided by
Congress for California, the people of that Teru-
tory, impelled by the necessities of their political
condition, recently met in convention, for the pur-
pose of forming a constitution and State govern-
ment, which the latest advices give me reason to
suppose has been accomplished; and it is believed
they will shortly apply for the admission of Cali-
fornia into the Union as a sovereign State. Should
such be the case, and should their constitution be
conformable to the requisitions of the Constitution
of the United States, I recommend their applica-
tion to the favorable consideration of Congress.
The people of New Mexico will also, it is be-
lieved, at no very distant period present themselves
for admission into the Union. Preparatory to the
admission of California and New Mexico, the
be disposed of on terms liberal to all, but especially
11 favorable to the early emigrants.
j In order that the situation and character of the
;i principal mineral deposits in California may be
j! ascertained, I recommend that a geological and
1} mineralogical exploration be connected with the
'l linear surveys, and that the mineral lands be di-
ii vided into small lots suitable for mining, and be
!i disposed of, by sale or lease, so as to give our cit-
izens an opportunity of procuring a permanent
right of property in the soil. This would seem
to be as important to the success of mining as of
agricultural pursuits.
The great mineral wealth of California, and the
advantages which its ports and harbors and those
of Oregon afford to commerce, especially with the
islands'of the Pacific and Indian Oceans, and the
populous regions of Eastern Asia, make it certain
that there will arise in a few years large and pros-
perous communities on our western coast. It
therefore becomes important that a line of commu-
nication, the best and most expeditious which the
nature of the country will admti, should be opened
within the territory of the United States, from the
navigable waters of the Atlantic or the Gulf of
Mex'ico to the Pacific. Opinion, as elicited and
sand six
ight
The accounts   ,
mitted to Congress m the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, show that there will probably be a
deficit, occasioned by the expenses of the Mexican
war and treaty, on the 1st day ot July next, of (He
millions eight hundred and twenty-eight thousand
one hundred and twenty-one dollars and s'«y-six
cents f'S15 828,121 66,) and on the 1st day of July,
1851 ot ten millions five hundred and forty-seven
peopfe of"each will have instimted for themselves i expressed by '^o large and
a republican form of government, "laying us ,: Hons, lately assembled at St. Louis fMMempnw
j foundations m such principles, and organizing its ■
I powers in such form, as to them shall seem most ^
; likely to effect their safety and happiness.
1 By awaiting their action, all causes of uneasiness i
may be avoided, and confidence and kind feeling
preserved. With the view of maintaining the har-
mony and tranquillity so dear to alt, we should ab-
stain from the introduction of those exciting topics
of a sectional character which have hitherto pro-
duced painful apprehensions in the public mind;
and 1 repeat the solemn warning of the first and
most illustrious of my predecessors against fur- .
nishing "any ground for characteiizing parties by |
geographical discriminations.
A Collector has been appointed at San Francis-
points to a railioad as that which, if practicable
will best meet the wishes and wants of the coun-
try But while this, if in successful operation,
would be a work of great national importance,
and of a value to the country which it would be
difficult to estimate, it ought also to be regarded as
an undertaking of vast magnitude and expense,
and one which must, if it be indeed practicable,
encounter many difficulties m its construction and
use Therefore, to avoid failure and disappoint-
ment; to enable Congress to judge whether, in the
condition of the country through which it must
pass the work be feasible; and, if it be found so,
whether it should be undertaken as a national im-
provement or left to individual enterprise; and, in
