72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
the latter alternative, what aid, if any, ought to be
extended to it by the Government, I recommend,
as a preliminary measure, a careful reconnoissance
of theseveral proposed routes by a scientific corps,
and a report as to the practicability of making such
a road, with an estimate of the cost of Us construc-
tion and support.
For further views on these and other matters
connected with the duties of the Home Depart-
ment, I refer you to the report of the Secretary of
the Interior.
I recommend early appropriations for continu-
ing the river and harbor improvements which have
been already begun, and also for the construction
of those for which estimates have been made, as
well as for examinations and estimates preparatory
to the commencement of such others as the wants
of the country, and especially the advance of our
population over new districts, and the extension of
commerce, may render necessary. An estimate
of the amount which can be advantageously ex-
pended within the next fiscal year, under the di-
rection of the Bureau of Topographical Engineers,
accompanies the report of the Secretory of War, to
which I respectfully invite the attention ofCongrcss.
The cession of territory made by the late treaty
"with Mexico has greatly extended our exposed
frontier, and rendered its defence more difficult.
That treaty has also brought us under obligations
to Mexico, to comply with which a military force
is requisite. But our military establishment is
not materially changed, as to its efficiency, from
the condition in which it stood before the corn- j
mencement of the Mexican war. Some addition i
to it will therefore be necessary, and I lecommend !
to the favorable consideration of Congress an in- j
crease of the several corps of the army at our dis- ;
tant western posts, as proposed in the accompany- ;
ing report of the Secretary of War. j
Great embarrassment has resulted from the effect
upon rank in the army, heretofore given to brevet !
and staff commissions. The views of the Secre- ;
taryof War on this subject are deemed important, 1
and if carried into effect will, it is believed, promote
the harmony of the service. The plan proposed \
for retiring disabled officers, and providing an j
asylum for such of the rank and file as from age,
wounds, and other infirmities occasioncd by ser-
vice, have become unfit to perform their respective
duties, is recommended as a means of increasing
the efficiency of the army, and as an act of justice
due from a grateful country to the faithful soldier.
The accompanying report of the Secretary of |
the Navy presents a full and satisfactory account |
of the condition and operations of the naval service 1
during the past year. Our citizens engaged m the j
legitimate pursuits of commerce have enjoyed its \
benefits. Wherever our national vessels have gone i
they have been received with respect, our officers !
have been treated with kindness and courtesy, and j
they have on all occasions pursued a course of j
strict neutrality, in accordance with the policy of >
our Government. i
The naval force at present in commission is as j
large as is admissible, with the number of men j
authorized by Congress to be employed.
I invite your attention to the recommendation ,
of the Secretary of the Navy on the subject of a i"
reorganization of the Navy, in its various grades j:
of officers, and the establishing of a retired list for L
such of the officers as are disqualified for active !i
and effective service. Should Congressadopt some
such measure as is recommended, it will greatly
increase the efficiency of the Navy, and reduce its
expenditures.
I also ask your attention to the views expressed
by him in reference to the employment of war-
steamers, and in regard to the contracts for the
transportation of the United States mails and the
operation of the system upon the prosperity of the
Navy.
By an act of Congress passed August 14, 1848,
provision was made for extending post office and
mail accommodations to California and Oregon.
Exertions have been made to execute that law; but
the limited provisions of the act, the inadequacy of
the means it authorizes, the ill adaptation of our
post office laws to the situation of that country, and
the measure of compensation for services allowed
by those laws, compared with the prices of labor
and rents in California, render those exertions, in
a great degree, ineffectual. More particular and effi-
cient provision by law ia required on this sub-
ject.
The act of 1845, reducing postage, has now, by
its operation during four years, produced results
fully showing that the income from such reduced
postage is sufficient to sustain the whole expense
!! of the service of the Post Office Department, not
including the cost of transportation in mail steam-
ers on the lines from New York to Chagre3, and
from Panama to Astoria, which have not been con-
sidered by Congress as properly belonging to the
mail service.
It is submitted to the wisdom of Congress
whether a further reduction of postage should not
now be made, more particularly on the letter cor-
respondence. This should be relieved from the
unjust buiden of transporting and delivering the
franked matter of Congress, for which public ser-
Ji vice provision should be made from theTreasury.
'! I confidently believe that a change may safely be
j! made, reducing all single-letter postage to the uni-
form rate of five cents, regardless of distance,
without thereby imposing any greater tax on the
• Treasury than would constitute a very moderate
; compensation for this public service; and I there-
j fore respectfully recommend such n reduction.
! Should Congress prefer to abolish the franking
| privilege entirely, it seems probable that no de-
i mand on the Treasury vvoulJ result from the pro-
\ posed reduction of postage. Whether any further
\ diminution should now be made, or the result of
, the reduction to five cents, which I have recom-
i mended, should be first tested, is submitted to
; your decision.
! Since the commencement of the last session of
i Congress a postal treaty with Great Britain has
i been received and ratified, and such regulations
| have been formed by the Post Office Departments
■ of the two countries, in pursuance of that treaty,
■ as to carry its provisions into full operation. The
attempt to extend this same arrangement, through
England, to France, has not been equally success-
: ful; but the purpose has not been abandoned.
! For a particular statement of the condition of
the Post Office Department, and other matters
connected with that branch of the public bervive, i
' refer you to the leport of the Postmaster General.
' By the act of 3d March, 1849, a Board wascon-
I stituted to make arrangements for taking the
j seventh census, composed of the Secretary of State,
, the Attorney General and the Postmaster Genera!,
1 and it was made the duty of this Board " to pre-
| pare and cause to be printed such forms and sched-
| ules as might be necessary for the full enumera-
: tion of the inhabitants of the United States; and
also proper forms and schedules for collecting, in
, statistical tables, under proper heads, such infor-
mation as to mines, agriculture, commerce, manu-
factures, education, and other topics, as would
exhibit a full view of the pursuits, industry, edu-
cation, and resources of the country.'* The duties
enjoined upon the Census Board thus established
having been performed, it now rests with Congress
to enact a law for carrying into effect the provision
of the Constitution which requires an actual enu-
meration of the people of the United States within
, the ensuing year.
Among the duties assigned by the Constitution
to the General Government is one of local and
limited application, but not on that account the !
: less obligatory. I allude to the trust committed to ;
, Congress, as the exclusive legislator and sole guar- !
j dian of the interests of the District of Columbia. I
| beg to commend these interests to your kind atien-
, tion. As the National Metropolis, the city of
| Washington must be an object of general interest;
; and, founded as it was under the auspices of him
\ whose immortal name it bears, its claims to the
: fostering care of Congress present themselves with
j additional strength. Whatever can contribute to
; its prosperity must enlist the feelings of its con-
; stitutional guardians, and command their favorable
; consideration.
! Our Government is one of limited powers, and I
i its successful administration eminently depends on
i the confinement of each of its coordinate branches
within its ©wn appropriate sphere. The first sec-
j tion of the Constitution ordains that " all legis-
j tive powers therein granted shall be vested in a
; Congress of the United States, which shall consist
! of a Senate and House of Representatives.'' The !j
, Executive has authority to recommend (not toll
, dictate) measures to Congress. Having performed I;
i that duty, the Executive department of the Gov- j|
ernment cannot rightfully control the decision of j
Congress on any subject of legislation, until that f|
decision shall have been officially submitted to the
Piesidentfor approval. The check provided by
the Constitution,in theclauseconferring the quali-
fied veto, will never be exercised by me, except in
the cases contemplated by the fathers of the Re-
public. I view it as an extreme measure, to be
resorted to only in extraordinary cases—as, where
it may become necessary to defend the Executive
against the encroachments of the legislative power,
or to prevent hasty and inconsiderate or unconsti-
tutional legislation. By cautiously confining this
remedy within the sphere presciibed to it in the
cotemporaneous expositions of the framers of the
Constitution, the wdl of the people, legitimately
expressed on ail subjects of legislation, through
their constitutional organs, the Senators and Rep-
resentatives of the United States, will have its full
effect. As indispensable to the preservation of
our system of self-government, the independence
of the Representatives of the States and the people
is guarantied by the Constitution; and they owe
no responsibility to any human power but their
constituents. By holding the Representative re-
sponsible only to the People, and exempting him
from all other influences, wc elevate the character
of the constituent and quicken his sense of respon-
sibility to his country. It is under these circum-
stances only that the elector can feel that, in the
choice of the law-maker, he is himself truly a com-
ponent part of the sovereign power of the nation.
With equal care we should study to defend the
rights of the Executive and Judicial departments.
Our Government can only be preserved in its puri-
ty by the suppression and entire elimination of
every claim or tendency of one coordinate branch to
encroachment upon another. With the strict ob-
servance of this rule and the other injunctions of
the Constitution; with a sedulous inculcation of
'! that respect and love for the union of the States
I! which our fathers cherished and enjoined upon
j. their children; and with the aid of that overruling-
|. Providence which has so longand so kindly guard-
|j ed our liberties and institutions, we may reasona-
|! bly expect to transmit them with their innumerable
j; blessings to the remotest posterity.
11 But attachment to the Union of the States should
jj be habitually fostered in every American heart.
< For more than half a century, during which king-
!, doms and empires have fallen, this Union has
J stood unshaken. The patriots who formed it have
|: long since descended to the grave; yet still it re-
I mams, the proudest monument to their memory,
ji and the object of affection and admiration with
II every one worthy to bear the American name. In
j, my judgment its dissolution would be the greatest
11 of calamities, and to avert that should be the study
j! of every American. Upon its preservation must
j; depend our own happiness and that of countless
generations to come. Whatever dangers may
j' threaten it, I shall stand by it and maintain it in
1 its integrity, to the full extent of the obligations
imposed and the power conferred upon me by the
' Constitution. Z TAYLOR.
; Washington, December Ath, J849.
i The message having been read—
; Mr. TOOMBS rose and moved the adoption of
a resolution, that the message be referred to the
; Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and that fifteen thousand copies extra, with the
accompanying documents, be printed.
He remarked that the number proposed was, he
believed, the usual number.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to amend, by adding
five thousand copies of the message in the German
• language.
; Mr. HOLMES moved further to amend, by
] adding five thousand copies in the French lan-
! guage.
! Mr. JONES inquired if it was intended that the
: additional number to be printed in the German and
, French languages should include also the accom-
; panying documents?
; Mr. SWEETSER said, he would be satisfied
! with the additional number of the message alone.
I The question being first on the amendment of
Mr. Holmes to print five thousand additional
| copies of the message in the French, was taken and
: disagreed to.
| The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Sweetser to print the same number of the
message in the German—
Mr. HAMPTON demanded the yeas ond nays.
The yeas and nays were refused, and tellers
were asked and ordered.
