74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 24,
Mr. BORLAND prese.it*d two memorials of
citizen* of DdUs, Bradley, and Drew counties,
Arkantfss, prayin? to be attached to the Cham-
pa'^nole (and district, and the removal of the land
offi'.e to Camden, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on PuMtc Lands
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Angelina
B. N. Cook, widow of Colonel Wm. J. Cook, for
compensation for services of her husband, in
superintending and organizing Texas volunteers at
Point Isthel during the Mexican war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
OVERLAND MAIL ROUTE TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. R. also presented the memorial of William
Bayard, asking that he may bt authorized to con-
tract with the Government for establishing; a direct
line of overland communication from St. Louis to
San Francisco, in California; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WALKER presented resolutions passed
by the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the
cession of the public lands to the States in which
they lie, on condition that they be granted in lim-
ited quantities to actual settlers only, at a price
not exceeding the cost of their survey.
In presenting the foregoing paper, Mr. W. re-
marked that it related to an important matter—a
permanent change of the public land system. He
would therefore move its reference to a select com-
mittee. There was an appropriate standing com-
mittee—that on public lands; but in this instance,
as it was a new matter before the Senate, and
comine from Wisconsin as it did, he would rather
it should go to a select committee in the first in-
stance. He did not design, however, that any bill
on the subject should be permuted to pass without
an examination by the Commntee on Public
L<mds; for it was his purpose to move, after the
subject should have been reported upon by the
select committee, that it should go to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands for their consideration. He
would merely ask that it should first go to a select
committee.
Mr. BUTLER g^ve notice that he should op-
pose all such modes of referring papers of this
kind The ordinary committees were supposed to
be impartial, and the matters which appropriately
belonged to them should go to them m the first
instance, unless upon an extraordinary occasion.
The question being taken on the motion to refer
the subject to a t-elect committee of five, it was
dectd'd in the negative.
The resolutions were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial of John
Henderson, a citizen of the State of Mississippi,
proposing a plan to reorganize and extend the judi-
cial system of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
In presenting the foregoing memorial, Mr. P.
referred to the memorialist as a gentleman well
known to the country as a distinguished statesman
and enlightened jurist. The memorial asked the
passage of a bill of the title above stated. He would
only say of the memorial, and the bill annexed to it,
that he had cursorily examined both, and that they
seemed to be most judicious, and carefully pre-
pared for the removal of certain evils, the exist-
ence of which no one could deny. Whether or
not the bill was so efficiently framed as to remove
these evils—whether the mode adopted was the
most judicious that could be devised, he was not
prepared to say; but, from the high respect he en-
tertained for the gentleman who had drafted the
memorial and the bill, and from the cursory exami-
nation which he had given them, he was certain
that the subject was worthy of immediate and
careful consideration. He therefore moved that
the memorial be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and be printed; which was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr DICKINSON presented the proceedings of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
York, in favor of the construction of a railroad
from L-\ke Michigan to the Pacific ocean, on the
plan proposed by A^a Whitney; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and
ordered to be printed.
In presenting the above paper, Mr. D. said that
the high character of the body from which it ema-
nated, and the gravity of the subject of which it
tieated, fully jus ified the motion to print, which
he made.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Thomas
N. Carr, late Consul of the United States for the
empire of Morocco, asking compensation for
diplomatic services near that Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. D. further presented the petition of Hugh
W. Dobbin, in behalf of himself and his two sons,
Lodowick Dobbin and William W. Dobbin, both
deceased, praying compensation for services and
sacrifices in the late war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. D still further presented the petition of
Edmund Pavenstedt and Frederick Schumacher,
merchants in the city of New York, asking to be
released from liability on a custom-house bond;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Fulton, Wisconsin, asking the establish-
ment of a mail route from Jonesville to Madison,
in that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
HEIRS OF KOSCIUSKO.
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial of Ladis-
laus Wankoweiz and G. Tochman, legal repre-
sentatives of the heirs of Thaddeus Kosciusko,
deceased, asking the protection of the Government
against certain alleged interference with their rights
m the courts of the United States by the Emperor
of Russia; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. F. also moved that the memorial be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD observed that there was a
rule of the Senate requiring that all questions re-
lating to the subject of printing should be referred
to the Committee on Printing. He recollected that
a great many communications in this body had
been printed at considerable expense, and that a
great many questions had arisen on the subject.
The question now was, whether, at the very com-
mencement of the session, it would not be better
to apply that rule, and refer all questions of the
kind to the Committee on Printing,and have their
report whether the Senate ought to "incur the ex-
pense of printing. Th j rule requires the committee
to report one day after the reference.
Mr. FOOTE made an inquiry in relation to the
lule.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied by reading the pro-
vision of the rule referred to.
Mr. FOOTE expressed his willingness that the
motion to print should take the course prescribed;
and
It was accordingly referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD subsequently said, that,
having called the attention of the Senate to the
rule on the subject of printing when his friend
from Mississippi presented his memorial, and the
Senate having taken the course therein indicated,
he felt it a duty which he owed to that gentleman
to move the reconsideration of the action of the
Senate directing previous communications to be
printed, in order that they might take the same
direction.
Mr. FOOTE insisted, if the honorable Senator
from Kentucky was moved solely by consideration
for him, that he would not put the Senate to the
trouble of reconsidering their previous votes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD did not desire to trouble
the Senate. He had proposed a reconsideration
from a sense of duty. He wished to assure the
gentleman from Mississippi that he had not made
the point of order upon his memorial for the pur-
pose of discriminating against him.
Mr. FOOTE expressed his conviction that no
such motive had actuated the Senator from Ken-
tucky. The explanation was not necessary.
Mr. RUSK suggested that it was entnely un-
necessary to reconsider the preceding votes The
memorials already ordered to be printed were very
short, and the expense of printing would be but
trifling. To move the reconsideration suggested,
woulu be taking up the time of the Senate unneces-
sanly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD consented to withdraw his
motion, in consideration of the shortness of the
memorials.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of Thomas M. Taylor, a purser in the
navy, praying to be released from liability for
public money lost in consequence of the failure of
a bank in which it was deposited; which, together
with the papers relating to the same, on the files
of the Senate, was, on motion of Mr. D., referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUSK submitted documents relating to the
claim of Hamilton P. Bee, an officer of the" army,
asking reimbursementof money expended by him
for the transportation of subsistence and quarter-
master's stores from Camargo, in Mexico, to La-
redo, in Texas; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Frances C. Elliott, widow of Jesse D. Elliott, de-
ceased, late an officer in the Navy, asking reim-
bursement of the expenses incurred by her late
husband in receiving and entertaining the repre-
sentatives of certain foreign powers, while in com-
mand of the naval forces of the United States in
the Mediterranean, between the years 1835 and
1839; which he asked to have leferred to the Com-
miute on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULEE said that before the vote was taken
on this subject, he desired to call the attention of
the Senate to the rule which applies to cases like
this. This case of Commodore Elliott has been
before the Committee on Naval Affairs for six or
seven year3, and has been repeatedly reported
against. He thought there was a rule of the
Senate which forbids a continued refetence of casea
which have been reported against, unless upon the
exhibition of new e\ idence. It seemed to him that
this was a very proper case for the application of
the rule. It was a very old case, which has been
revived with probably very little expectation of
success.
Mr. STURGEON said that he was not aware
that this case had ever been reported against. He
was aware that it had been before the^Committee
on Naval Affairs a number of years.
Mr. \ ULEE said the Secretary would be able
to ascertain the facts. He believed that this was
a case of an application for a reimbursement of
expenses occasioned in the entertainment of distin-
guished personages abroad.
Mr. STURGEON expressed his willingness
that the motion should lie on the table until the
facts were ascertained; and that course was finally
adopted.
Mr HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Bangor, Maine, asking the erection of a custom-
house at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to xneetoa
Thurs-day next.
Before the question was taken on the latter
order,
Mr. DICKINSON rose and said that his pur-
pose was not to object to the motion, but to ascer-
tain, as nearly as might be, whether it was pro-
posed to enter upon business the present week. It
had not been usual to transact business during the
holiday season; and Senators frequently went
away, not expecting business to be taken up.
There were now, he said, Senators desirous to be
absent for a short time, if business was not to be
presented; and he therefore wished to inquire
whether business was to be postponed, as usual,
or whether the delays thus far would reverse the
ordinary mode of proceeding.
No general response was made to this interrog-
atory ; but a general understanding seemed to pre-
vail that no public business would be taken up
until Monday next.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution, which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be requested to
communicate to il e Senate copies ot the report and mans
of the survey of the route from Fort Smith, Arkansas to
banta Fi, New Mexico, made under authority ot the War
Department, by Lieutenant Simpson, of the Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers in 1849.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following res-
olution for the consideration of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Pre-ident he requested to cause to be
laid before the Senate all charges which have been preferred
oi filed in any of the departments against individuals who
