ivm
Junk 8,
subject; but it Sokes'me ch'ait St is unusual, so far,
as i know, to appropriate flfioney for per/it.e/uiaries
in distant territories.' .1 do not know Why you
want a penitentiary there. It seems to me anti-
cipating what a State ought to do for itself. I do
rtot know that We "have a right to prescribe as to
the mode of punishment, or the public buildings
there. I think that the ordinary county prisons
or j&ils would be sufficient for all the purposes of
the' territory. At any rate, I do not know whether
it is proper to make appropriations for peniten-
tiaries at a!!. I know that some States are op-
posed to penitentiaries, and others arte in.favor of
them. The System has not met the approbation
of al) the States of the Union. I would rather
leave this matter till the country is more settled
before we itf&ke anyappropriation, unless there
is some very urgent reason for it. I suppose they
can dispose of their criminals without a peniten-
tiary. They can tie them up to "a sapling, or con-
fine them in some such way. [Laughter.] I
think the worst punishment would-be to shut
them up in that wild territory, particularly in a
penitentiary.
Mr. JONES. Feeling a deep interest in what-
ever relates to the welfare of the people who in-
habit the territories, and as it happens that I was
the delegate in Congress from the Territory of
Wisconsin when that territory was organized,
and when the appropriation for her public build-
ings was made, and having^jfcen continued as the
delegate a^the time of the passage of the act for
the organization of the territorial government for
Iowa, 1 desire to correct a misapprehension into
which some have inadvertently fallen.
The first appropriation made for public build-
ings in Wisconsin, was $20,000, to be expended
under the direction of the legislative assembly of
the territory. The law provided that the seat of
government should be established by the legisla-
tive assembly and government at the first session.
The sum of $20,000 proving to be inadequate to
the purpose, the legislative assembly memorialized
Congress for an additional sum; and at the session
of 1838, I being still the delegate, $20,000 more
weie appropriated. At that session of Congress
I introduced the bill, which bccame a law, for the
establishment of the Territory of iowa. That act
appropriated $20,000 for the erection of public
buildings; and in the bill making the usual appro-
priation Jor the Military Academy at West Point,
I procured a further appropriation of $20,000, it
being; understood at the time, that the whole
§40,000 were to be expended in the erection of
public buildings, and that a penitentiary might be
erected ff the legislative assembly chpse so to use it.
At the first session of the legislative assembly of
Iowa 520,000 were appropriated for the erection
of a Stale-house at the seat of government, Iowa
Ctty, and the like sum for the construction of the
penitentiary at Fort Madison. Subsequently to
that time, my honored colleague obtained an addi-
tional appropriation of $14,000 for woik done and
materials furnished, in the erection of the latter
public building.
The United States courts of our territojies, Mr.
President, are held jn all the oigamzed counties
therein in which the cusps arising under the laws
of the United States, as well as those which giow
out of the territorial laws, ate tried. These diffc r-
ent counties of the territories have to constiuct
their own court-houses, clerks'offices, and jaiU;
all of which are used as much for the benefit of
the United States as for the territories; and yet,
the patent Government has never made any remu-
neration to those counties for the use of those
public buildings. The criminals of the United,
States are confined in these county jails, before
and after conviction, until they are sent to the
penitentiary, if theie be one, as theie should, in
every territory. 1 therefore hope that these appro-
priations will be made, and regret that we are not
about to give them more; for I know how difficult
and how expensive it is to erect thrse public build-
ings in our fiontier settlements. Oregon and Min-
nesota, the most remote of all the territories ever ■
yet organized, have been too long neglected by this j
Government. j
Mr. BU fLER. I would like to inquire what
has become of these public buildings since you be-
came a State. Do they fall within the State or
Federal jurisdiction ?
Mr. JONES. The public buildings fall in both
jurisdictions, as the courts of the United States as
well as those of the States are s't'ill held in the
State-houses of Iowa and 'Of Wisconsin also, I
believe. ' And the county jails, court-houses, &c.,
are still used for United States purposes in the
States of Iowa and Wisconsin.
Mr. KING. I believe that this is the first
occasion, so Jar as I know, of an appropriation by
Congress for the erection of a penitentiary in a
Territory. The, case mentioned by the Senato*
from, iowa wfts* frhfere 'the. territorial legislature
d'iVided a fimd appropriated' for a specific object,
and applied a part of it to a different one. But,
heretofore, the Territories have had no appropria-
tion for any object of this kind. The prisons
should be in the diffeient counties, so that criminals
may be confined there until convicted, and when
convicted they should be confined in a penitentiary,
if there be one, according to the terms the judge
may prescribe. As the Senator from South Caro-
lina remarked, many States are opposed to the
penitentiary system. They govern and regulate
that matter to suit themselves, and i think we
should not impose upon the people what would
not be agreeable to them when they become a
State. 1 once lived for some months in a Territory,
under a territorial government. We there erect-
ed a house for our own territorial legislature,
for the governor and council, at the expense
of the territorial government—the United States
giving nothing except a tract of land on winch to
erect the public buddings. With regard to the
appropuations for the erection of public buildings
of this kind, 1 know that of late years a greater
degree of libei ahty has been practised than founeriy.
We make appropriations independent of giving
some two or three sections of public land. We
give them public lands, and of late we have gone
so far as to aid in the erection of public buildings;
but it is only of late that it has been done, it was
not so formerly, i do not see the propriety of
making tht3 appropriation for the erection of a
penitentiary, i would much rather, if we make
any appropriation, make it for the ejection of
prisons or jails in the counties of the Teintones,
so that persons may be confined while chaiged
with crime and awaiting a trial. As the offences
occur in diffeient counties, the penitentiary would
not be the proper place to-confine them till after
their conviction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suspect that there is some
misapprehension as to the object of this appropri-
ation for a penitentiary, i do not understand that
a penitentiary has such a technical meaning that a
prisoner may not as well be,confined there before
as after conviction. It is immaterial what you call
it, whether a prison, a jail, or a penitentiary, if it
be a place where you can have a peison charged
with crime confined until he is tried. There me
crwncs against the Government committed m the
Territories; the laws of the United States are m
force over these Territories; your mads are robbed
there, and the mail robber is arrested, and where
is the prisoner to be kept? A Senator says, in
jail. 1 do not suppose there is a jail in either of
the Territories. You have counties there; but the
people are scattered, and have hardly been able to
erect their own necessary buildings, much less
jails. You may convict a mail robber, and by law
he should be confined; but where is he to be con-
fined? Theie are crimes committed upon the
ocean, and the guilty persons should be tried in
the first ot nearest place of jurisdiction; but where
will you confine them? All that this amounts to
is, that there shall be a place established as a pris-
on-house—call it a jail, a penitentiary, or what you
please. It is not to be understood that you are to
apply the penitentiary system, but snnply that
mere shall be one prison, and that is all. That is
the only object of the bill.
One word about the precedent. The Wisconsin
appropriation was $40,000 for public buildings.
The legislature erected various kinds of public
build rigs under that appropriation—a State-house
and offices, and a prison or penitentiary. If you
viould make this appropriation $40,000. instead of
$20,000, for public buddings, and $20,000 for a
penitentiary, it will be the same thing. They di-
vided it, and appropriated for two kinds of public
buildings—one for criminals, and the other for
carrying on the public business. They were pub-
lic buildings, in every sense of the word; and
Congress approved the act of division, and passed
the appropriation. I would assent to a change in
this bill, to conform to the wishes of Senators, but
fo^^prfs fact: the' bill.has passed the House of
fe^pSentative's,.and it is j,n)portant that they
gh&urahave the money in Oregon immediately.
It takes a long time to send to, that territory; and,
as a steamer is about to leave'Tot that place, the
Delegate has made an earnest,appeal .to me to get
it through the'Senate, so that the money may go.
out in the steamer. He says the state of things
there requires jhis appropriation;, and I fcnow, if
the Delegate had made the same appeal to the Sen-
ator from Alabama that he did to'me, that Senator
would not resist it; and therefore, appealing for
him, I ask that it may be appropriated now.
Mr. KING. I have to ask one question iqore.
I want to know what is the meaning of thesecond
section, as in leference to the appropriation to the
Territory of Minnesota?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Minnesota bill, estab-
lishing a territorial government, contained the
usual appropriation of $20,000 for the erection of
public buildings; but in the same section it pro-
vided that the Legislature should be held at St.
Paul's until the seat of government was located by
an act of the Legislature; and that the location of
the seat of government should take place at the
first session. They failed to make that location.
It is true, they can go on under that same act
and locate it now; and I think the moment they
do locate it, they will be justified in expending the
$20,000, and therefore I do not think this section
necessary. The Delegate, however, out of abun-
dant caution, had this section inserted in the House
of Representatives, that they may gO on and ex-
pend the money. This bill makes no appropria-
tion now. I would be willing to strike it out, but
for the fact that the bill would have to go back to
the House of Representatives, and then be returned
to us, and of course, the Oregon part of the bill,
under such circumstances, would not be passed in
time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state an additional
fact. Tiie act to which this bill refers, appropri-
ated $20,000 for the erection of public buildings in
Minnesota. It contained a provision likewise that
the people should select a permanent seat of gov-
ernment by a vote. It seems that the $20,000 were
not to be expended till this permanent seat of gov-
ernment was selected by the people, and that then
I it was to be appropriated there. Now, in the
present condition of the country, you ought not
to postpone this appropriation till this permanent
location shall take place by & popular vote. I am
disposed to let the Legislature use its discretion
now, as it has done heretofore.
Mr. BUTLER. I would suggest that this sub-
ject be postponed till Monday next.
Mr DOUGLAS. I hope not. The steamer is
about to leave, and the object is to send the money
out now. It will take but a moment to pass the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no doubt of that; but I
believe there are no civil officers in Oregon. From
what I can learn, there are none. I move that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 appeal to the Senator to
withdraw that motion. The Senator from South
Carolina suggests that there are no civil offieeis in
Oregon; buj. there is a governor there, and there
aiejudges there. It is true, one of them is here
now, but he will return soon with his family.
Theie is a judge there still folding the courts in
both cii cuus. And there are marshals and other
ofHceis. There isanecessity for immediate action
on this bi'l, and I hope it will not be postponed.
M . KLjNG. I am sorry to be under the neces-
sity of producing any delay, as the gentleman
seems so anxious to pass this bill; but I think it
is well enough to understand what we are doing;.
)f we make an additional appropriation of $20,000
to Minnesota now, and do not wait to sr-e where
the seat of government will be located, what will
be the consequence? Expend this money, and
then the peopie may determine on another point.
And will not Congress be asked for another appro-
priation to erect public buildings at the new point
that may be selected ? Will they be deterred from
asking, and shall we be prevented from granting it
for so important a purpose as the erection of pub-
lic buildings ? Ought we not to wait till we see
where they themselves want it? It seems to me
that would be the better course. Such was the in-
tention of the original provision. 1 prefer that the
people should meet and determine on-the location
for themselves. I. have seen so much—I do not
