1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
have been removed from office since the 4lh day of March
last, witli a specification of the cases, if any, in which the
officers charged have had opportunity to be heard, and a
statement of Hie number of removals made under each de-
partment.
The resolution lies over under the rule.
■DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instiucted to inquire inio the expediency of suspending dip-
lomatic relations with Austria.
Mr. C. stated that it was not designed to press
the resolution until after the holidays.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr DOUGLAS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or at some early day thereafter, ask leave
to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill for the benefit of the Territory of Minne-
sota;
A bill granting one hundred and sixty acres of
the public land to the actual settlers who shall re-
side thereon and cultivate a portion thereof for the
period of four years;
A bill granting to each of the States in which the
public lands are situated a quantity of land equal
to one township in each several district, to aid in
making a geological survey of such States, re-
spectively.
CALIFORNIA, NEW MEXICO, AND DESERET.
Mr. POOTE gave notice that he would on
Thursday next, or on some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce a hill to provide for the organi-
zation of the territoral governments of California,
Deseret, and New Mexico, to enable the people of
California and the district of Jacinto, in Texas,
(with the consent of that State,) respectively, to
form a constitution and State government, and for
other purpose^. ™
Mr. YULEE gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the payment
of the militia called out by the Governor of Florida
during the recent Indian outbreak.
CHANGE OF VENUE.
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill for an act to authorize a
change of venue m certain cases.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce bills with the following titles:
A bill to grant to each township in the State of
Arkansas an additional section of land for the use
of common schools; and, further, the right to ex-
change the worthless 16th sections for land of good
quality;
A bill granting a pension to Mrs. Nancy Feath-
erstone;
A bill for the relief of Cincinnatus Tousdale and
John C. Connelly;
A bill to grant to the State of Arkansas certain in-
undated public lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce bills with the following titles, viz:
A bill to provide for the unpaid claims of the
officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and Con-
tinental lines of the. Revolution;
An act for the relief of the American Coloniza-
tion Society.
Also several additional private bills, the notice
of which, not being sent to the Chair, could not be
procured by the reporter.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. SEWARD said he had received a memori- j
al which required a reference to a committee on ,
the census. There was, he understood, no such
committee of the Senate at present, the committee ,
of the last session having expired with the Con-
gress He mentioned the matter now, for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of older members of
the Senate to the subject, in order that, if neces-
sary, some action might be taken relative thereto.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr STURGEOiV asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the petition and papers of
Henry Simpson, surviving administrator of Ste-
phen Simpson, deceased; which was agreed to.
Mr DICKINSON asked leave to withdraw from
the fij'es of the Senate the petition and papers of
Wi lltam C. Sterrett; whichwas agreed to, and said
papers were ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. D. also asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers of A. L. Knicker-
bocker; which was agreed to, and said papers were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. D. also asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petition and papers of
Manuel X. Harmony; which was agreed to, and
said papers were then referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. UPHAM asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petition and papers of Arel
Spalding; which was agreed to, and said papers
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUTLER asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the petition and papers of N.
B. Hill, administrator of Gilbert Stalker; which
was agreed to, and said papers were referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. B. also moved that the petition and papers
of Guton & McLaughlin be taken from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; which was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE moved that the petition and papers
of Captain McClellan's company of Florida vol-
unteers be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referied to the Committee on Military Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN moved that the petition and
papers, on the files of the Senate, of Samuel W.
Chilson, be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE moved that the petition and papers
of Clements, Bryan & Co., now on the files of
the Senate, be taken therefrom, and referred to the
Committee of Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the memorial of N.
Nye Hall be taken from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the petition and
papers of James Wormsley, and the petition and
papers of Sarah Crondall, be taken from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS moved that the memorial of the
members of the bar of New Orleans, La., in rela-
tion to changing the practice of the United States
courts of that State, be taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was ordered
that Catharine Oliphant have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
ANNUAL MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the committee
appointed on the part of the Senate to wait upon
the President of the United States and inform him
that a quorum of both houses of Congress had
assembled and were ready to receive any commu-
nication he might have to make, leported that said
committee had discharged the duty assigned to
them, and that the President had signified his
purpose of transmitting his annual message imme-
diately.
Immediately thereafter, the Sergeant-at-Arms
announced " a message from the President of the
United States."
The Private Secretary of the President (Col. W.
W. S. Bliss) appeared in the aisle,and said:
| "I am requested h> llie President of the United States to !
I deliver to the Senate a met-sage in wilting." j
] The message was opened by the Vice President, j
j and read by Mr. Machin, the Clerk._
| The reading of the message having been con- !
i eluded—
Mr. PHELPS moved that the usual number of i
. copies of the message, together with the accom- i
i panying documents, be printed for the use of the
1 Senate; which was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE REPORTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the finances; which was ordered to be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Also, two reports of the Treasurer of the United
States; which were ordered to be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Also, a report of ihe Census Board; which was
ordeied to be printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 27, 1849.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
Mr VENABLE rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution which
(he said) he would send to the Speaker's table to
be read.
STATE OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER said, that before the gentleman
proceeded, he desired to state to the House what
was the condition of its business at the time of the
adjournment on Monday last.
By unanimous consent, the Speaker had on that
day laid before the House the message of the
President of the United States. A motion had
been made to refer that message and to print it.
Pending that motion, by unanimous consent the
Speaker laid before the House the annual com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury.
A motion had been made to refer and to print that
communication; and pending that motion, the
House had adjourned.
Previous to these papers having been laid before
the House, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd] had introduced a resolution in relation to the
rules of the House, the considerationof which, upon
motion, was postponed until to-day. The House is
aware (continued the Speaker) that it has adopted
no rules for its government. The House is there-
fore acting under the parliamentary law, so far as
that law is applicable to the business of this House.
Under that law, in the opinion of the Chair, alt
questions pending at the time of adjournment were
lost, and must be renewed hefnie the House can
pass upon them. The question, therefore, pending
in relation to the message of the President and
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, under
that decision, will die with the adjournment, and
must be renewed before they can be acted upon.
The matter, therefore, before the House, prop-
erly in order, will be the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] the consideration of
which was postponed until to-day. And the
Speaker would surest that, in the present state of
things, great confusion would arise by multiply-
ing business, until such times as some rules and
orders shall have been established.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BOYD rose to inquire of the Speaker what
the effect of the previous question would be upon
the resolution he had offered in relation to the
rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to bring
the House to a direct vote on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. BOYD said he would further desire to be
informed by the Chair whether, if the rules of the
last House should he adopted, as contemplated in
his resolution, the Chair would proceed to appoint
the committees until an order to that effect had
been adopted by the House?
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House re-
quire that the Speaker shall appoint the commit-
tees, unless otherwise directed by the House.
The practice always has been, after the rules have
been adopted, and before the committees are ap-
pointed, to pass an order that the Speaker do now
appoint the committees. Until such an order
shall have been passed, the Speaker will not pro-
i ceed to the discharge of that duty, although the
j rules mav have been adopted.
Mr BOYD. Such being the practice, and as
! the Speaker stated that he will not appoint the
! committees until an order shall have been passed
!; by the House, I trust there will be no objection
! to the adoption of my resolution. I move the
j previous question upon it.
j! The SPEAKER. The previous question is
!! demanded. The question is on that motion.
!j Mr. WENTWORTH rose to inquire whether,
ij if the previous question was seconded on the res-
I olution, it would cut off amendments ? Or, wheiher
i| it would cover the amendment which he(Mr.W.)
II had given notice, on a former day, proposing that
H the rules of the last House be adopted temporarily,
so that the House might modify them, or any of
them, if they (lid not like them ?
The SPEAKER said there was no amendment
to the resolution pending at this time. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] had pro-
posed to introduce a proposition, but that propo-
sition was not before the House.
