1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
eral Assembly of California, examining into the
whole subject and reporting upon it. There are
two questions in it: First, whether the money
ishould be refunded, and, if so, to whom ? Wheth-
er to the merchants who paid the duties or to the
Stale? Now, they think it should be paid to the
State, and that is the prayer of the resolution, be-
cause the merchants have collected it all from the
people.
The paper was referred as desired.
MILITARY RECONNOISSANCE.
Mr. CAS3 called up the following resolution,
which was submitted by him on the 5th instant:
Rbsolved, That the Secretary of the Department of War,
furnish the Senate as soon as practicable with a copy of a
journal of a military reconnoissance from Santa F6, to the
Navajo country, made m 1849, by LiurtenantJ. II. Simpson,
of the corps of Topographical En^ineeis, together with
copies of the map and sketches belonging to said recomiois-
san^e.
Mr. RUSK moved an amendment, calling for
" additional and similar reports; which was accepted
by Mr. Cass as a modification of his resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would suggest
to the Senator from Michigan that his resolution,
even as amended by the Senator from Texas, does
not include all  he reconnoissances made. They
were made under an appropriation by Congress
for ieconnoissance3 between the Mississippi river
and the Pacific ocean. This particular reconnois-
sance, I have no doubt, is a very interesting and
important one, as indeed are those asked for by
the amendment of the Senator from Texas; still
therfeare others made under the appropriation to
which I refer, and some made under the order of
the military governor of California; and I rise
merely to suggest to the Senator from "Michigan
that it would probably be as well to call for all the
reports, of reconnoissances, with maps and sec-
tions, made by the officers of the topographical
corps, or others serving as topographical engi-
neers.
Mr. RUSK. I thought of that in preparingmy
amendment, but it might perhaps cause delay.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Those in the bu-
reau cannot possibly produce delay. I require
only those already returned to the bureau. There
are rcconnoissances now going on, but of course
I do not expect the answer to the resolution to be
delayed for them.
Mr. CASS. I will consent to the modification
of the resolution as you suggest. /
Mr. MANGUM. Before that resolution is put,
I ask the attention of the Senator from Michigan
to a proposition which I design to make, which I
hope will be acceded to. I have recently had
placed in my hands the report of Captain French
to the duartermaster General's Department, who
was engaged in the survey of a military route to
San Antonio from El Paso. It is in the form of
an abbreviated diary, but it gives the most satis-
factory account of the region through which they
passed that I have met with on any occasion. As
it is desirable to have all the information possible
of a country so little known, I hope that an amend-
ment which I propose, to have this report also
sent to the Senate, will be acceded tq.
Mr. CASS. J have no objection.
The resolution having been amended as sug-
gested by Mr. Mangum, was then adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Department of War
furnish the Senate, as soon as practicable, with copies of
the journals of all reconnoissances returned to the Topo-
graphical bureau by officers of the United States makm?
such surveys, made within the last year, and not heretofore
communicated, together with copies of the maps and
sketches belonging to «aid reconnoissances ; aUn, the iepnrt
of Captain French of the Quartermaster General's Depart-
ment, designating a route for a military road hom San Anto->
mo to El Paso.
SEATS FOR THE REPORTERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I want to ask the
Senate to take up a resolution offered by me yes-
terday about providing seats for the reporters.
The Committee on Public Buildings have exam-
ined into the matter, and although there are some
objections to every position in which the reporters
could be placed, there is as little objection to the
one now proposed as to any other.
Mr. CLEMENS. If U is the desire of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the com-
promise bill, this motion should not be taken up.
I have serious objections to having the reporters
hare, and shall have something to say about it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator intends to make a
speech about it I will not press it now.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, as the matter
has been referred to by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, I beg leave to make a statement on the part
of Messrs. Gales & Seaton, in connection with
this subject. It was observed that I was about to
interpose a word in behalf of the reporters when
this matter was up the other day, and in conse-
quence of that intimation, on my part, I suppose,
they have addressed a communication to me upon
the subject, in which they express very great re-
gret that there should have been any disapproba-
tion felt at the reporting under the contract entered
into by them; and they desire to say that if the
Senate is in the slightest degree dissatisfied with
that contract, or with the arrangements under it,
they are perfectly willing to abandon it, and to
abandon all rights which they may have under the
contract entered into for this daily reporting on
the part of the Senate. They have made every
possible effort, and I suppose myself that the char-
acter of the reporting in this body will compare
favorably with the reporting in any other deliber-
ative assembly in the world. If any gentleman
will look at the English reports and compare them
with one another, he will observe the difference in
the character of the reports, and be satisfied that
the reporting here is at least equal if not superior
to any found abroad. But, let it be good, bad,
or indifferent, if the Senate is at all dissatisfied
with the contract, or with the mode in which the
reporting is done, all they have to do is to inti-
mate that dissatisfaction and express a wish to be
relieved from the contract. It is not a profitable
contract to these gentlemen. I make this statement
out of regard to the express wish of these gentle-
men, who have done everything in their power to
satisfy the Senate and the country.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order
of the day, being the bill for the admission of
California as a State into the Union, to establish
territorial governments for Utah and New Mexico,
and making proposals to Texas for the establish-
ment of her western and northern boundaries.
The immediate subject under discussion was the
boundary of Texas, upon which a debate arose
that continued from twelve to four o'clock. Sev-
eral amendments were offered, which we shall
publish with the repotted debate in the Appendix.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 10, 1850.
The House met at ten o'clock, (pursuant to the
order made on Saturday night.)
A few members only were present.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
LIVE-OAK.
Mr. DOTY, by unanimous consent, in accord-
ance with previous notice, introduced a bill of the
following tit|e:
"A bill to amend the act entitled 'An act to provide for
the punishment of offences commuted in cutting, destroy-
ing, or removing live-oak and other timbei or trees reserved
foi naval purposes,' apptoved March 2,1831."
[The Supreme Court having lately decided that
the provisions of the actof 1831 extend to all public
lands, the object of Mr. Doty's bill is to limit
them to the purpose avowed in the title to the act,
to wit, to timber reserved for naval pwposes.]
The bill having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
DEBATE ON THE CALIFORNIA BILL.
Mr. EVANS rose, he said, to what he consid-
ered a privileged question. He moved that the
resolution heretofore adopted, by which all debate
on the California bill was to terminate to-morrow,
be rescinded, with a view to the adoption of
another resolution terminating debate in two weeks
hence. And if permitted by the House, he said,
he would state his reasons for this motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man is not a privileged motion. It can only be
received by unanimous consent, or by a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. EVANS asked the unanimous consent to
make the motion.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and objected.
Mr. EVANS moved a suspension of the rules;
and, as a preliminary motion, moved that there be
a call of the House.
Mr. CARTTER. hoped, he said, that the gen-
tleman would withdraw his motioa. The House
had met at this early hour wita a view to continue
the*discussion, not for the purpose of voting upon
anything; and he would regard it as a fraud upon
the members to put this question, or to take one
vote.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Debate is out
of order. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] has moyed a suspension of the rules, and
that there be a call of the House. The Chair will
suggest that the House is very thin; that it may
find itself without a quorum; and that the hour
designed to be appropriated to debate may be con-
sumed in the call of the House, should that mo-
tion prevail. The Chair would also suggest that
the House adjournedfUk'er to this hour in order,
that those gentlemen who had not spoken might
have as much time as possible.
The question on the motion for a call of the
House was then taken, and decided in the nega-
tive, without a division.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended
was then taken, and decided in the negative with-
out a division.
So a call of the House was refused.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of ihe spe-
cial message of the President of the United States
transmitting: the constitution of California.
Mr. BOWDON was entitled to the floor, but
yielded for the moment to
Mr. MEADE, who gave notice that he would,
at the proper time, offer the following amend-
ment, which was read for information:
Whereas, an unfortunate disagreement exists between the
northern and southern States of this Confederacy, in rela-
tion to Unconstitutional powers of the Federal Government
over the territories, and the terutorml rights of Texas, and
the interests ot both sections demand a compromise of con-
flicting op nion, and an early adjustment ot all sectional
issues; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be, and they
are hereby,instiucted to report the following bills, to wit:
1st. A bill to admit California into this Union as a State,
with her present constitution so modified as to limit her
southern boundary by the line of 36° 30/ of latitude north
of the equator.
2d. A tnll to establish a territorial government over all ter-
ritory belonging ro the United States, which lies south of the
parallel of 33° 30' north—declaring all laws repealed which
were ever in lorce in said territory, and establishing a eorle
for the government of the same, which shall contain no
clause prohibiting negro slavery therein.
3d. A bill toestahh.-hIT territorial government over all the
territory acquired from Mexico !>ing nonh ot the p >.rallel of
36° 30', with a provision that negro slavery shall be prohib-
ited in said territory.
4th. A bill to define the western and noithern boundaries
of Texas, which shall provide (with the assent ot Texas)
as follows: Fir-f, that her extreme northern boundary shall
be the line of 30° 30' of north latitude; her western bound-
ary the Rio Giande, to the point where it is crossed by the
• outhertimost line of New Mcxico, thence along said line
east of said river, and northwardly until it intersects the
parallel of 36® 30'north latitude. Secondly, that Texas
shall relinquish all claim to territory north and west of
tho^e lines, and shall moreover grant to the United States
title to all unappiopriated lands within her limits; and m
considetation of her consent to those ptovisiorts, she shall
receive of the United States certificates ot stock, redeem-
able m fifteen years, bearing an interest ot five per cent., for
§ , which sh.all be applied in payment of debts due by
said State previous to her annexation to the United State-*.
Mr. BOWDON then resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the allotted hour.
He gave a history of the manner in which the
convention of the people of California was gotten
up, denying the validity of a constitution framed
in such an irregular manner. He was against the
compromises recommended by the Senate com-
mittee, advocating such a compromise only as
would secure a non-intervention with the rights of
the South to carry their property into California
and the new territories. If California was admitted
as a State, and then prohibited slavery, he would
submit; but he was for restricting the legislation
of the territories, so as to be within the prescribed
limits imposed by the Constitution.
Mr. GENTRY traced the difficulties in which
the country was now involved, to the annexation
of Texas; cast the responsibility for that measure
and for its present consequences, upon the Demo-
cratic party; and declared himself, generally, in
favor of any plan of settlement, not practically em-
bodying the Wilmot proviso, which should do
justice and harmonize all sections. He then pro-
