1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
Mr. BOYD desired to say a single word in re-
ply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Asumun j It* that gentleman had noticed his (Mr.
B.'ci) course in this House, he would have found !
that he (Mr. B ) had been opposed to the plurality j
principle from beginning to end. Me thought it <
best, however, looking to the action of the House, !
that the matter should be left within the control of t
that body. He would rather restore that rule; he !
would rather see it in its place, and that the House j
should forever abide by that rule in the election of i
its officers. He had, however, no objection in th^l
world so to modify his proposition as to drop that !
portion which contemplated to except the eleventh j
rule. And, having done this, he resumed his de- 1
mand for the previous question. !
The SPEAKER directed the resolution as now '
modified to b± re*.d; which was accordingly done. 1
Mr. KAUFMAN (addressing the Speaker) |
desired to be informed whether, if the resolution as •
amended should he adopted, it would preclude the ;
House from adopting, if necessary, the plurality ,
principle, in regatd to the election of its other j
officers? j
The SPEAKER, in reply, said that it was in s
the power of the House to alter any rule it might i
think proper. j
Mr. KAUFMAN" would express the hope, then, j
(he said,) that the demand for the previous question i
would be sustained. He trusted, however, that ;
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] would !
accept the first two suggestions of the gentleman j
from Onto, [Mr. Vinton.] They were matters or j
immediate necessity. Although he (Mr. K ) con-
curred also in the suggestion of the gentleman from
Onto as to the Committee of the Whole, yet he
thought that was a matter which should be left
for subsequent consideration. He hoped that, as
that portion of the lesoluuon which excepted the
eleventh rule had been stricken out, the House
would now enforce the demand for the previous
question, and ihu3 at once provide some rules for
its government.
Mr. DUER inquired of the Speaker whether,
if the pioposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Boyd] should be adopted, the House might
not, upou uie report of the committee being made,
alter any rule, or adopt any new rule, by the vole
of a majority ?
The SPEAKER said that such had been the
practice of the House. At the last session the
Committee on the Rules reported various amend-
ments, which were adopted by a vote of a major-
ity.
Mr. DUER further inquired whether any indi-
vidual member of the House might offer a new
rule, or an amendment to an existing one, and
whether that also might be passed by the vote of
a majority ?
The SPEAKER said the Chair could not now
give its opinion upon the various propositions
which might be presented. When propositions
should be reported by the committee, any amend-
ment gem a>:e to the matter which might be offered
by a member would be in order.
Mr. DUER said he wished to send to the Speak-
er's table an amendment, that it might be read for
information.
Mr. SCHENCK said that he also had had an
amendment read for information, which was to be
cut off by the previous question. It was well
jtnown to all members who had watched the oper-
ation of things here, that the adoption of the rules
now would, in fact, be their adoption for the whole
session, it was true that the committee might re-
port at any time; but when would their report be
taken up ? He referred to the fact that at the last
Congress resolutions and reports at the head of the
calendar had remained there for seven months,
and that amongst thern was a report in relation to
an amendment of the rules.
Mr. INGE rose to inquire of the Speaker, what
was the question before the House?
The SPEAKER said, it was on the resolution
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Botd.]
Mr. INGE said, he understood that the previous
question had been demanded.
The SPEAKER said, such was the fact.
Mr. INGE said he should then insist upon the
^UThe°SPE.VKEEt said, that the discussion had
been allowed to go oil by the acquiescence of the
House. It would be the duty of the Chair, if the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] should be
called to order, to pronounce that his remarks
were not in order
Mr. SCHENCK said, that he was speaking in
direct reply to remarks that had been made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr Stephens,] and others.
I And now in regard to this previous question: it
' was a cut-throat instrument of legislation, to keep
i a minority wilh its nose to the grindstone, and
i dealing hardly with it when it was there. He
I warned all parties in this House from the dangers
1 incident to its use, since all parties were in a mi-
1 nority in this House.
I Mr. INGE rose to a question of order.
i The SPEAKER said that the course of re-
J mark adopted by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
i Schenck] was clearly not in order. The previous
| question was debatable only as to the time when
j the main question should be taken.
; Mr. SCHENCK. And- I am objecting to its
! being taken now.
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman is objecting
generally to the propriety of the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, sir, as nothing is in
order now, I can only hope that the House, for
its own security hereafter, will vote down the
previous question in the present case.
The SPEAKER, then put the question, " Will
the House second the demand for the previous
question ?"
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Shepperd
and Waldo were appointed.
And the question was taken and decided in the
! negative—ayes 77, noes 92.
i So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
! And the question recurring on the adoption of
i the resolution—
! Mr. WENTWORTH said that he had but two
, objections to the adoption of that proposuion.
1 He would stale them, that the House might un-
derstand them. In the first place he excepted
to the number of the committee. Constituted as
[ this House was, he did not think that the number
; of the committee ought to be reduced to five.
' There was one very great objection to this change;
' it would give about one to each party in the House.
The number, if anything, ought to be increased
> rather than diminished. At all events, it should
not be diminished.
1 There was another objection. During the whole
i period of his service in Congress, he had never
known the rules of the House to be altered except
, by one tremendous, gigantic effort. It would he
' for the advantage of the new members that the
' rules of the last House should be adopted tempora-
i rily. Let those rules be adopted until the middle
i of February for example. Then let the committee
1 report what amendments they might think proper,
and the individual members might condemn or ap-
i prove the rules that might please or "displease
: them. It was certain that no new member was
'■ prepared to swallow the rules at once, especially it
! they knew anything of their practical operation.
■' if the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] was
1 willing to restore the committee to its original
number, and provide that the House should adopt
the rules as they now existed for a month or two,
the members would have an opportunity to exam-
ine them for themselves, and he (Mr. W.) would
J support the proposition, and also the demand for
! the previous question. Until that was done, he
I hoped the House would stave off the previous
; question. If the whole subject was to bs gone m-
! to at once, let them have a debate upon it now.
1 Mr. OLDS inquired if it would be in order now
i to move all amendment to the rules proposed to be
' adopted '
1 The SPEAKER intimated that an amendment
to the resolution would be in order.
: Mr. WENT WORTH appealed to the gentle-
| man from Ohio to yield, to allow the proposition of ,1 hed'> aml lle mu
' which he (Mr. W.) had given notice to be read. na"
! Mr. OLDS yielded.
| The proposition of Mr. Wemtworth (to adopt
the rules of the last Congress temporarily) was
i read,as follows:
! Resolved, That lie rules of the House nf Representatives,
astheveKMed at Ihe close of the last scsmoii <>i the Thirtieth
Con"ress be adopted, until the tlnui Monday in Fetiruarv
net? as llie rules of this House ; and th it a committee be
' apno'inted, to consist of nine members of this House, to
i revise said rules, and report what ones o:uht to he adopted,
and what amendments or additions they may deem necessary.
Mr. OLDS moved the following amendment to
the resolution of Mr. Boyd, viz:
Add to the 105th rule the following:
7. A committee on so much ol the public accounts and
expenditures, as relates to the Department of the Interior.
Mr. WHITE suggested to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Olds] the propriety of substituting in
his amendment the word "Home" for the word
" Interior," so as to speak of " the Home De-
partment."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that the
vote just taken seemed to indicate an indisposition
on the part of the majority of the House to adopt
1 any rules; for it was perfectly evident that they
could mature and adopt no system of rules, with-
; out first adopting the rules of the last Congress for
: their government in the mean time. Now, it
[should be remembered by every gentleman pies-
! ent, that the majority could at any time change
I the rules; therefore the rules were within the range
| and control of a majority during the entire session.
| What, then, could be the objection to now adopt-
[ ing the former rules, so as to proceed to business
. according to rules understood by nearly every
I member, while few were familiar with the parhu-
j' mentary law ? He concurred in many of the sug-
I gestions made by the honorable gentleman from
i Ohio, [Mr. Vinto.v;] but it was impossible—and
! that gentleman knew it as well as he (Mr. T.)—
for them now to go on to act upon the gentleman's
suggestions, and upon others that probably would
be made, without some rules for their temporary
government.
i As to the remark of the other gentleman from
'■ Ohio, [Mr. fccHENCK,] that that part of the reso-
1 lution relating to a committee was a mere ruse, and
i; that they would never teport, he had merely to
ij say, that if the majority wanted a change of rules
] they could control this committee and require them
i] to report. If, then, the majority were confident of
ji their strength, why would they not unite, adopt
j! the rules, and proceed to some busmes or oilier?
j Mr. VINTON moved the following amendment
; to the amendment:
| If, in Committee of the Whole, amendments be made to
I a bill, report, or resolution, and then Mich bill, u port, or reso-
' lution b; further «m«*tided by striking out the whole and
1 inserting such substitute, nil of the amendments shall be
j reported to the House, and the amendments to the onjjmal
i bill, report, or lesoluuon, shall be voted upon bolore taking
the vote on the substitute; and the previous question shall
1 not have the effect to cut oil any of the amendments. And
i this rule shall apply where a section or part of a bill, repoit,
| or resolution shall have been first amended, and then
' stiieken out and a substitute mseited in its stead.
S He wished merely to say a single word. The
House had now no other business before them. It
appeared to him, therefore, that the present was the
most proper time to discuss the rules. That was
the subject before them, and they could*act upon
no other. If a committee were raised to report
upon the rules, by the time their report should
come in, members would have other business
which they would be anxious to press upon the
House, and the report would go upon the calendar
or table, and never be acted upon. He did not
understand the policy of preventing debate and
consideration of the very subject now before them.
He thought it was the very time to consider and
adopt such tules as all gentlemen would concur in
the obvious necessity of adopting.
Mr. DUER said he had voted against the pre-
vious question because he believed, if they adoptf d
the rules of the last Congress without limitation
"of time, there would be no probability of changing
them hereafter. He had no objection to adopting
those rules with a very short limitation of time—
to the 15th of January. That would force
up'on the House the necessity of taking up the re-
port of the committee at a very early day, and
then an opportunity would be afforded of discuss-
ing and deliberately considering the whole subject
of'rules. His opinion was, that many of the rules
of the last House were bad, and ought to be modi-
not know why they ought not
new to be modified.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (interposing,)
said, if tiiegentleman from New York would make
the motion to adopt the rulesof last Congress until
the 15th of January, he (Mr. T.) would sustain
him. , ,
Mr. DUER repeated, that if the rules were now
to be adopted, it should be only temporarily—to
a certain day in February, perhaps, or to the loth
of January, as he was going to propose. He him-
self had certain modifications to propose, which
