1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tint
as we have been doing on all former occasions of
the kind. Now, my plan of operation has been,
if 1 could have succeeded in it, to have a plan of
the building—to have an estimate of the cost of the
building made by same competent mechanics. We
could then have reported to us the site of the build-
ing and the cost of the ground, before we deter-
mined on making an appropriation. AH these
things can be determined on beforehand quite well,
and they are what, in our own affairs, as prudent
men, we always do for ourselves; but so far as my
experience has gone, we never do anything of the
kind for the Government.
Now, my friend from Maine says that we are to
make an appropriation of $30,GOO, with an as-
surance on his part that this site and building shall
not exceed §20,000 more. We have neither a
plan of the building, nor an estimate of its
cost, or the cost of the site, and I beg respect-
fully to remind my friend from Maine that, under
these circumstances, he cannot give usany reliable
assurance on this subject. It is beyond his power
to do so. I want, therefore, to test the sense of
the Senate on this matter. If the Senate are dis-
posed to prescribe a limit to these appropriations
in the outset, they will vote with me to lay this
bill upon the table for the present, until we have
some more definite information as to the cost of
the site and the superstructure; if they are not dis-
posed to prescribe some limits, but to go on as we
have done heretofore, without regard to the ulti-
mate cost, they will refuse to lay this bill upon the
table. If they do, so I am content. I only desire
to obtain the sense of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only wish to say that, in
this case, estimates have been made, and plans of
the building have been drawn by practical mechan-
ics, and that the highest estimate of cost, which
will be regulated entirely by the cost of the loca-
tion fixed upon as a site, is §50,000; and that
amount is fixed upon in plans and estimates made by
the most competent mechanics in the neighborhood.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I believe that
there is no question whatever that this is a measure
which ought to meet with the approbation of the
Senate. As to the amount of money, I think it is
quite reasonable, although I am obliged to say that
the Senate has sometimes been misled by indefi-
nite propositions in making their first appropria-
tions for objects of this kind. Now, sir, as I
understand this matter, the sum of $30,000 was
supposed by the department to be adequate to
cover both the expense of a lot, and that of erect-
ing a suitable building at the city of Bangor,
and 1 would suggest to the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] the expediency of agreeing to the
limitation of $30,000. 1 cannot doubt that that
sum will answer all the purposes he has in
view; that it will be sufficient both for the pur-
chase of a lot and for the erection of a suita-
ble custom-house, fit for the accommodation of
the public in that place. If I had charge of such
a measure, for any place in my portion of the
country, as this is in that of the Senator from
Maine, I think I should agree to the limitation pro-
posed by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood,] and let the bill pass. I think §30,000
will be found to be amply adequate, both for the
purchase of the land and for the erection of the
building. It seems to me, that if there is yet some
doubt as to where the building is to be erected—
where its excellent location is to be—if the sum is
limited, the parties who have to sell the land will
be more reasonable than they would otherwise be.
I would suggest, therefore, that the Senator from
Maine should agree to the limitation. Were I in
his situation, I would do so; and that will proba-
bly meet with the views of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and prevent further debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire only what is right!'
and proper. I will propose an amendment to the ;
bill to the effect that the ultimate cost of the build- i
ing shall not exceed $40,000. I will put it in this j
shape, at the end of the bill;
" Provided, That the cost of thesite and the construction of
the building shall not exceed the sum of forty thousand
dollars."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it wa3 agreed to. j
The bill having been reported back to the Sen- |
ate, and the amendment agreed to by the Senate |
as in Committee of the Whole having been con-
curred in, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the Senate now to take
up Senate bill No. 13. It is the second on the
calendar, and is for the relief of Cincinnatus Trous-
dale and John G. Conolly, of Arkansas, I do not
apprehend that there will be any discussion upon
it, and it may be passed in two or three minutes.
Mr. KING. I am very unwilling to throw any
obstacles in the way of gentlemen taking up and
passing their favorite bills, but there are a great
many resolutions lying on the table, some of ihem
of great importance, and I think we ought to pro-
cee'd with them in their regular order.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to state that some
time ago I asked the Senate to take up this bill,
and I yielded the floor to some gentleman who
had business which was thought of more import-
ance. And now, as the hour appropriated to
morning business has nearly closed, I ask that this
bill may be taken up. I can assure the Senate that
it is not one on which there is the least probability
of discussion.
The bill was taken up accordingly, and was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HALE. I regret to vote against this bill;
but it appears to me that it is to make an indefinite
provision for the payment of two officers. I think
the bill ought at least to limit the sum which they
are to be paid.
Mr. BORLAND. A few words of explanation,
1 think, will satisfy every Senator. The facts
are set forth by the Committee on Military Affairs,
in a report made by them a long tirrr&.ago. They
are these: During the Mexican war, the battalion
commanded by myself wgs ordered to do duty at
points distant from the main army, which was com-
manded by General Wool. Under an oider by
him, I appointed two persons to perform the services
of adjutant and quartermaster. Those persons
were the parties for whose relief I have brought
in this hill; and they were appointed by me. with
the approval of General Wool. They were not
commissioned officers", for there were not commis-
sioned officers to spare for the performance of those
duties. One of them was a non-commissioned
officer, and the other was a private; and they per-
formed those duties from the 26th of September to
the 38th of November, acting under the orders of
the commanding general. Upon the presentation
of their accounts at the accounting offices here at
Washington, the equity of the claim was admitted;
j but, under the regulations of the department, they
j could not be paid. I introduced a bill, therefore,
! to allow them that amount—to allow to one of them
| his pay as adjutant, and the other his pay as quar-
termaster, for the time specified—merely from the
26th of September to the 18th of November.
Mr. HALE. In the same year?
Mr. BORLAND- Yes, in the same year. These
men rendered efficient service in these capacities.
They are very poor, and the amount cannot exceed
that which would be given to an adjutant and a
quartermaster for that short period. This is fixed,
and the only object of the bill is to make the
amount equal to the pay of an adjutant and a quar-
termaster for that time.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was subsequently read a third time and passed.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
King on the 7th instant, was taken up and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to com-
municate lothe Senate s-uch information a« his department
can furn'Ph as to the practicability of itmovin? the obstruc-
tion and deepening the channel at Dos uvei Mr and Choc-
taw pass, in Mobile bay, with the estimate of cost, if any
such has been made.
SEATS FOR REPORTERS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate proceeded to consider the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Public Buildings on
the 7th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of rhe Senate is hereby in-
structed to procure and cause to he placed in the area in the
centre, two ehatrs suitable for the purpose, the same to be
appropriated to the use of tile official reporters o£ the Senate
proceedings and debates.
The resolution was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill providing for the admission of Califor-
nia into the .Union as a State, fbf establishing
territorial governments for Utah and New Mexico,
and making proposals to Texas for the settlement
of her northern and western boundary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mi'. HALE. I had but a few remarks to make
when I yielded the floor on Saturday, which I in-
tended to make this morning; but, as they relate
to myself, and as the Senator from Missourr has
requested me to waive my remarks this morning, as
he is prepared to proceed, for the purpose of giving
him an opportunity to present his motion, I dasa;
with pleasure, for his benefit; having no doubt the
Senate will prefer to listen to his remarks.
Mr. CLAY. I, of course, have no desire to
prescribe in this matter. Far from it. But I
would ask leave to suggest to the Senator from
Missouri, whether the original idea upon which
he intended to act will not be better conformed to
by not making his motion till the amendments are
gone through with. There are'but two or three
that remain to be acted upon, and upon those I
think the Senate is now prepared to vote. After
having done that, it seemsjo me it will be more
suitable to make his motion than now, as indeed I
understood him to design to make his motion after
the amendments were gone through with. It was
hoped they would be gone through with on Satur-
day, but^hey were not. That was a lost day. I
think that we may get through with them to-day>
I hope it may be so. * .
Mr. BENTON. It is all considered, sir. I
said, at the time I gave notice of the motion to
which reference has been made, that there were
still some large points upon which gentlemen
might wish to offer remarks, asd upon which they
might wish to have a vote taken. Sir, upon the
motion which I now intend to make discussion can
take place upon those large points of the bill. I
now move that the consideration of this bill be
postponed until the fourth day of March, 1851.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This ques'tion takes
priority over all the amendments.
Mr. BENTON then addressed the Senate at
length, in support of his motion in favor of the
j indefinite postponement. [See the Appendix for
the speech.]
Mr. HALE next addressed the Senate in con-
tinuation of some personal remarks between him-
self and Mr. Dawson, on Saturday.
Mr. DAWSON replied.
It is proper that this discussion shoujd be
reserved until we publish the debate of which it is
a continuation. ~
Mr. CASS (Mr. Dayton, who rose at the same
time, yielding) next obtained the floor, but gave
way, on the suggestion of Mr. Resk, for a motion
to adjourn.
The Senate, however, first proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business, and after some
time so engaged, the doors were reopened.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND moved that the joint resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Printing be
recommitted to the Committee on Printing; which
motion was agreed to.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 11, 1850.
The House met at eleven, a. m. The Journal
was read and approved.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. INGE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union", (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideiation of the President's message trans-
mitting the constitution of California.
Mr. HOWARD (who was entitled to the floor
from last night) addiessed the committee, (in re-
mat ks which will be published in the Appendix.)
The floor was then given to
Mr. McDOWELL, who addressed the com-
mittee on the general subjects, (in remarks of
which a report is in preparation, and which will
be published in the Appendix.)
The hour of one having arrived—
The Chairman's hammer fell, and -
The CHAIR stated that the time allotted to de-
bate by order of the House had expired*
