1849.
the congressional globe.
House to offer a resolution, which was read, calling
upon the Secretary of War for estimates for the
Improvement of the Miami river, in the State of
Ohio.
Mr. BAYLY objected.
THE COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUirr asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer a resolution, the adoption of which
(he said) it seemed to him was necessary to the
completion of the organization of the House, and
to enable it to proceed with its business.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That Ihf Speaker do now appoint the standing
committees of the ffous-e.
The resolution having been read—
1 he SPEAKER inquired whether there was
any objection to its reception.
Mr. BAYLY said it seemed to him that the
resolution was in order. It related to the organi-
zation of the House.
The SPEAKER said he had as yet heard no
objection.
Mr. STANLY said he should object if amend-
ments were to come in and the House were to
have all these things over again.
Mr. BURT inquired whether it would not be in
order, inasmuch as the rules had been adopted, to
move a suspension of them.
The SPEAKER said that such a motion would
be in order only on Mondays. The rules of the
last House having been adopted, the first business
in order would be the call of the States for peti-
tions, and then for resolutions.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. H1LLIARD said he hoped objection would
be withdrawn to the consideration of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Burt ] He (Mr. H ) understood the Speaker to
have slated that he did not intend to proceed to
the appointment of the committees until the order
had been passed.
Mr. STANLY remarked that he wished the
committees to be appointed.
The SPEAKER inters sed and said that he had
stated to the House that the rules required that the
s anding committees should be appointed by the
Speaker; but that the invariable practice had been
that the Speaker did not appoint them until a
resolution to that effect had been adopted by the
Ho'.se.
Mr. STANLY waived h is objection.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina.
Mr. SACKETT said, before the question was
taken, he desired to offer a substitute, which he
would send to the Speaker's chatr.
The substitute was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committees of this House be appointed
by th* Hou^e undt-r a viva voce vote of ih#  members thereof,-
and that it shall require a majority of tho^e voting to elect.
The SPEAKER said that a portion of the sub-
stitute was not in order. The preamble was not
in order, because there was no preamble to the
original resolution. The amendment also was a
violation of one of the rules of the House, and
would require to lie over one day. The rule re-
quired a majority of members to elect, and the
gentleman could modify his resolution so as to
concur with the rule.
Mr SACKETT modified his resolution so that
the committees he Appointed by the House under
the provisions of the seventh rule.
The question then being on agreeing to the said
amendnv nr—
Mr. WENTVVORTH demanded the previous
question, desirous, he said, to get rid of debate.
And the question on the said demand was taken,
and decided in the negative.
So there was not a second.
Mr. ROOT beaded leave to say to his friend
from New York [Mr. Sackett] that he was rather '
too lute in the day; that he should have thought of
his piopoaition when they were adopting the sys-
tem of plurality vote. The Speaker was not in the
chair by his (Mr. R.'s) votf, but he was there by
the votes of his (the Speaker's) political friends,
with the connivance of his political enemies, and
that he was confirmed there by the vole of both
friends and enemies. tie (the Speaker) had been
placed there by the majority of the House—by a j
larger majority than any Speaker had received since i
79
he (Mr. R.,) had been a member of this body; and
he (the Speaker) no doubt regarded the resolution
of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stan-
ly] as his best title to his seat Now, a Speaker
thuseleced and thus confirmed, might certainly,
in his (Mr. R.'a) humble opinion, be trusted with
the appointment of the committees. If gentlemen
had any difficulty, any scruples in vesting the
appointment of the committees in the Speaker,
they should have thought of it before; it now came
with a bad grace; he (Mr. R.) would never so
distrust the Chair. If any candidate for the
Speakership were presented who was not com-
petent to discharge the high duties of the Chair,
he (Mr. R.) would not vote for him; and he
might have sufficient reasons for voting against
him on other grounds than that of competency.
But after making a Speaker by a vote so nearly
unanimous—with about thirty dissenting votes—
all the rest of the House saying that the Speaker
was there rightly, that he was the most proper man
to be there, the House would present themselves
in a strange and ridiculous position, if they now
took away from the Speaker thus elected the power
of the appointment of the committees of the House
Mr. GIDDINGS said he r„se simply to carry
still further the views to which his colleague had
alluded. He saw that through the Taylor papers
of the North the Free-Soiiers were charged with
electing the present Speaker. He desired to say
to the House and to the countiy that the Speaker
held his seat as a resulting consequencc of the plu-
rality rule which was forced upon the House by
most of the Whig party, aided by a small portion
of those belonging to the other side of the House.
Every reflecting man must have foreseen that re-
suit—at least it appeared so to htm. All were con-
scious that 116 members held their seats by aid of
Democratic votes. There were 114 only elected
by aid of Whig votes. Of these, two were absent,
[Mr. King of Georgia and Mr. Gentry,] leaving
but 112 who had been elected by the aid of Whig
votes. Those, therefore, who voted for the plural
lty rule must have clearly foreseen the result He
had himself pointed many of the Whig party to it.
Mr. WHt FE inquired if the gentleman's saga-
city could point out any other mode of organizing
the House than by tne plurality vote?
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that the Whig party I
had it in their power at any time to elect the gen- 1
tleman from Pennsylvania, on the opposite side of |
the House, [Mr. Strong,] or any other Democrat 1
known to be in favor of the proviso; or they could J
have elected any northern Whig who was openly |
committed to that measure. He had himself, and
other Free-Soilers had, voted for the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and had the
Whig- party united upon him, he would have been
elected on almost any ballot.
Mr. SCHENCK desired the floor to ask a
question. He wished to inquire or hi3 colleague
whether he had not an opportunity to vote for a
northern Whig who was committed to the proviso?
Mr. GIDDINGS said, Certainly: he did so
when he voted for the gentleman to whom he had
alluded.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to inquire whether he
had not an opportunity of choosing between the J|
Whig nominee and the gentleman who was Ji
elected? i;
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he regretted that his col-
league [Ylr. Schenck] had pressed this question J
upon him. He had not intended to make personal
allusion to trie honorable gentleman from Mas&a- "
chusetts, [Mr. Winthr>p,] who had formerly j'
occupied the chair. Bji his colleague had pressed
him mto a position which compelled him to refer 1
to that gentleman, winch he intended to do with
perfect respect. i-
It was known to the House and to the country, i
that on the assembling of Congress, m 1847, he and i s
two other gentlemen, who, with himself, nad pre- ;f
viously acted with the Whig party, refused to vote !
i for the gentleman at that time nominated by the '
I Whigs. A learned and honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Palfrey,] with his appro- ,
! bation, had propounded to the candidate iwerrog-t- !
tones concerning the policy which he would pursue
; in relation to certain committees of this b >jy, if !
; elected. The gentleman refused to answer the -■
, interrogatories, but referred to his past acts and .
, votes as proot of his future course. These were J(
! not satisfactory to him, nor to his two friends, jl
i and they declined voting for him. He was, how- jl
ever, elected, and presided in this body for two
sessions of Congress. He said his colleague now
asks if he did not know that that gentleman was
in favor of the Wtlmot proviso? Let his official
acts answer the question. They stood on record.
The Committee on Territories arranged by that
Speaker had refused to report a bill containing the
proviso, until peremptorily ordered to do so by
vote of the House.
Mr. ROCKWELL asked if the gentleman from
Ohio intended to say that the Committee on Terri-
tories rtfustd to report a bill containing the provis-
ions of 1787?
Mr. GIDDINGS said, perhaps his language
was too strong; he should have said they hegleclcd
to report such a bill. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts then occupying the Speaker's chair had
also refused to say what he would do in regard to
so arranging the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia as to give expression to the sentiment of
the entire North against the slave trade.
Mr. SCHENCK said, his colleague had inferred
from the arrangement of certain committees that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was o/'posed
to the proviso. He wished to inquire whether his
colleague did not know that that gentleman had
moved the proviso to the Oregon bill ?
Mr. GIDDINGS called the House to witness
that he had not sought this persona! controversy.
But as his colleague had pressed him into this
matter, he was compelled to enter upon a defence;
and in making that defence, he would be con-
strained to refer to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts more freely than he had felt any inclination
to do. It was true that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had moved the proviso some yeirs since
to the Oregon bill; but, said he, m*n change their
opinions and acts when raised to exalted stations.
Before he should close his remarks* his colleague's
question would be answered.
He was referring, when last interrupted, to the
arrangement of the Committee on this District.
That committee, during the last Congress, ap-
peared to have been studiously arranged, so as to
protect the infamous commerce in human flesh
carried on in this city. This committee had be-
fore them the petitions of the North. They had
witnessed the heart-rending scenes which trans-
pired on the Avenue in the month of May, 1848,
when that mournful procession of fi^ty-two slaves
had been marched along that Court street of
Washington, by the great slave-dealer, Hope H.
Slatter. He could not say that they were person-
ally present, and actually witnessed that revolting
spectacle; but they soon knew all the disgusting-
facts, and so did the then Speaker. But not all
these scenes, aided by the sentiment of the North
and by the voice of humanity, could extort from
that committee—arranged as they were by the late
Whig candidate for Speaker—a report against the
slave trade, nor even a word of reproof against
that traffic, for pursuing which on t&e eastern shore
of the Atlantic, we hang men as unsuited to human
association.
But this was not all. The gentleman at the
next session again formed the committee of nearly
the same members. Indeed, he said he did not
recollect as there was any change. And the slave
trade was again protected by that committee.
Now (said he) this same gentleman is again
brought lorward as the Whig candidate for Speak-
er, and gentlemen are again called on to choose
between him and the gentleman now occupying
the chair. He said God forbid that he should
attempt to make a selection between them. He
spoke with peifsct respect for both those candi-
dates; but he did not believe that a member on
that floor, or a man in the whole country, had, for
a moment, believed that he could be driven to sus-
tain either of them. Yet one thing was quite cer-
tain, the present Speaker could do no worse than
the former; and there was a chance, a hope that
he might do better.
He again repeated that he had not intended to
enter into these personal explanations, involving
the acts of other gentlemen; but the Hou-e would
bear him witness that it had been forced upon him
by his colleague. But he had now assigned some
of the reasons why he had refused to vote for the
Whig nominee
Mr. WINTHROP desired (he said) only to
say a few words. He did not propose to go into
any elaborate reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.] He rather pre-
