THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June-11,
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired what -was the
proposition before the committee?
Mr, McDOWELL, (who still remained on his
feet.) Have I done?
Cries of "Go on," "go on."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia'can only proceed by universal consent.
Mr. CONGER rose and objected.
'•Mt- Mc.DOWELL addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made to the
gentleman's proceeding.
Mr. KAUFMAN, (tt> Mr. Conger.) 1 hope
the gentleman from New York will withdraw his
objection.
Great confusion prevailed. The area in front
of the Chair was filled l>y gentlemen who had
gathered there to hear Mr. McDowell, and were
now rising to seek their various seats.
The CHAIRMAN rapped to; order, and re-
quested gentlemen to resume their seats and pre-
serve order, stating that it would be impossible to
proceed to business until order was restored.
A pause of several minute3 ensued.
Order having in some degree been restored—
The CHAIRMAN.. In reply to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,]
the Chair begs leave to express his opinion that,
as growing out of the President's message trans-
mitting the constitution of California, the bill of
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Dot«y] is the
subject immediately before the committee for its
action. The Clerk will proceed to read the bill.
Mr. JONES. We have been here a long time
holding night-sessions. Several very long and
important amendments have been ordered to be
printed, which have just come in this morning,
and been laid on our tables. We certainly have
not had time to read or examine them. 1 there-
fore propose, if it meets the approbation of the
committee, that the committee rise,forthe purpose
of adjourning till to-morrow.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Fowler and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 86, noes 107.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN again called to order.
Mr. McCLERNAND addressed the Chair, and
simultaneously
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who said he
rose to inquire whether the bill had ever been read ?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the negative.
Mr. THOMPSON. I call for the leading of
the bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rose for the purpose
of making an inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, called the com-
mittee to order, and stated that the noise in the
Hall was so great that the Chair could not hear
what was said by gentlemen. It was impossible
to get along with anything like regularity unless
order was preserved.
Mr. McLANE rose to a point of order. The
Chair (lie said) had stated in reply to an inquiry
made by a gentleman on his right, that the hour
of one having arrived, the bill of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] was the pending
question before the Committee. He (Mr. MeL )
submitted to the Chair that the bill of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, and the amendment thereto
of the gentleman from Missouri, [M r. Green,] and
the substitute which he (Mr. McL.) had had the
honor to offer were the questions now pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The reference of the Chair
was not at all inconsistent with that state of the
question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rose to a point of or-
der before the gentleman from Maryland 
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman froni Illinois
will allow me, I hope, to state my point. I am
very far from wishing to interfere with the gentle-
man.
Mr. DUER, (to the Chair.) I hope order will
be^rcstored. It is impossible to hear anything
that is going on.
The CHAIRMAN again called the committee
to order, and said he was very much obliged to
the gentleman from New York for making the re-
quest. The Chair would again remark, that unless
there is less disorder and confusion, it will be im-
possible to act understanding^, and the Chair will
state his determination not to proceed unless in
order. He trusted every gentleman would see
the necessity of endeavoring to preserve order.
Mr. McLANE. The point of order which I
submit to the Chair is ths: When the gentleman
from Wisconsin offered his bill, which I now hold
in my hand, for the consideration of the commit-
tee, the gentleman from Georgia, on my right,
[Mr. Toombs,] had the floor; the gentleman gave
way to thegentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Green,]
m order that the gentleman from Missouri might
bring to the consideration of the committee an
amendment; that amendment was offered. The
gentleman from Georgia spoke to the bill of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, as proposed by the
gentleman from Missouri to be amended. When
the gentleman from Georgia concluded his remarks
he was followed by the gentleman from Illinois,
on my right, [Mr. Baker.} I took the floor after
the gentleman from Illinois, and moved an amend-
ment as a substitute for the bill, and I made my
speech to the bill as proposed to be amended by
the gentleman from Missouri, and as further pro-
posed to be amended by the substitute which I
offered. I now submit, as a question of order, to
the Chair, that the question pending is the bill of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, as proposed to be
amended by the gentleman from Missouri, and to
be amended further by the substitute offered by
myself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland as
pending; but that amendjm^nt being in the form of
a substitute, the question 'upon it cannot be taken
until the original bill shall have been gone through
and perfected.
Mr. McLANE. The Chair, then, considers
the substitute as pending; which is precisely the
point which I make.
Mr. McCLERNANEt. I ask that the bill of
the gentleman from Wisconsin be read.
Mr. Doty's bill was accotdingly i;ead, as fol-
lows:
A BILL to admit the Slate of California into the Union.
Whereas, the pi-opleof California havelormed for them-
selves a constitution and State government, and applied lor
admission into the Union as a State; and whereas, the
said constitution has been officially communicated to Con-
cress, and is republican ; Therefore,
JBe it cnarttd by the. Senate and House of Representatives of
Hie. United Slates oj America in Consjess assemble/!, That the
Sl.ite of California, with the boundaries described in the
said constitution,shall be one, and is heiel.y declaied to be
one, of the United States of America, and admitted into tiie
Union on an equal footing with the original States, in all
respects whatever.
Sec. 2. be it further enacted, That Hie said State of
California "hall never interfere n ith the primary disposal of
the soil within the same by the United States, nor wiih any
reflations Conaress may make for securnm the tilie in such
soil 10 bona fide purchasers thereof; and no tax shall be im-
posed on l.tnds the property of the United States; winch
said provisions are hereby declared to be fundamental con-
ditions upon which the said Slate is admitted into .the
Union.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I understand that the
pending question is on the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri to the, bill?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the first question.
Mr. SEDDON rose to a question of order, and
inquired if he understood the Chair to intimate
that the amendments first to be offered were
amendments to the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. SEDDON. Then I have several proposi-
tions of amendment to that bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is addressing the Chair upon a point of order.
Mr. SEDDON. I want to know 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will suspend till order is restored. The
Chair would respectfully request gentlemen to
come to order.
Mr. SEDDON inquired of the Chair if amend-
ments to the bill of the gentleman from Wisconsin
were not first in order, and if they did not take
precedence in the order-of the line which they
proposed to amend ? He ha'd one or two amend-
ments to the first line.
The CHAIRMAN'S reply to Mr. Seddon was
not heard.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if the pending
question was not upon the amendments of the
gentleman from Missouri ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I propose to move an
amendment in the nature of a substitute for the
bill. 1 am aware that the Chair has decided that
the vote cannot be taken on the amendment which
1 proposed until the original bill shall have been
perfeeted by the committee; but when that shall
have been done, will not the question recur on my
amendment? ,
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, that
he had not looked at the order in which the va-
rious propositions of amendment had been rnaue.
The substitute of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. M«^Lane] was in order, but the vote could
not be taken upon it until the committee had per-
fected the original bill.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he believed that, m
strict parliamentary law, it had not, up to this time,
been competent to move an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute to the original bill", and it was
not now in order to vote upon a substitute until
th«bi!l should have been perfected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
thegentleman from Illinois, that, in the opinion
of the Chair, the bill must be taken up section by
section and line byline. While the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri was m order the
Chair held that it would be proper to suspend the
vote upon that proposition- until the preceding lines
shall have been amended.
Mr. SEDDON. In the first section I pro-
pose 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will sus-
pend for a moment. . .
Mr. H1LLIARD. I design to ask permission
of the Chair  ■
The CHAIRMAN repeated that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland was in or-
der, but it was not in order to vote upon it until
the original bill should have been perfected.
Mr. H1LHARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill.
The first section was read, as follows ;
Be it enacted, 4'c., That the State of California, with the
boundaries doenln d in the said constitution, shall be one,
and is hereby declared to be one, of the United Slates of
America, and'ailniiited into ihe Union on an equal fooling
with the original Slates m all respects whatever.
Mr. HILLIARD. I move the following amend-
ment:
Strike out of the first line the words " with the
boundaries described in said constitution," and
insert at the end of the section the following, viz t
. "And the said State shall embrace within its limits all the
territory acquired from Mexico known as upper California,
" lying north of the parallel o< 36° 30' north latitude."
Mr. GREEN rose to a point of order, and said
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
' proposed to come in precisely at the point where
his-(Mr. G.'s) amendment commenced—at the
termination of the first section—and consequently
it was not in order until his (Mr.G.'s) amendment
should have been disposed of.
Mr. HILLIARD. , I don't know what the gen-
tleman's amendment is\ Will he have the kind-
ness to state his amendment?
Mr. GREEN said a word which was lost to the
reporter.
Mr. HILLIARD. I believe my amendment is
the only one before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. T-he Chair understands
that tiie amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Alabama is identical with that proposed by
the gentlefnan'£rom Missouri.
Mr. HILLIARD. I understand it to be widely
diffeient.
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Billiard.) Will
the gentleman suspend his remarks to allow the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri to be
"mI-. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will the
Chair allow me to make a suggestion ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Green] is on the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON. I rose merely to a point
^ThefcH AIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mis-
souri is already on the floor upon a point of order.
Mr GREEN. The point of order which I
make is this, not that the amendments are the
same but that the gentleman from Alabama pro-
posed" his amendment to come in at the same point
at which I propose mine. The Chair very prop-
erly rules that an amendment to a preceding line
would be in order before my amendment; but as
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
and my amendment come in at the same place,
mine, being offered first, takes precedence.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair had under-
