80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27.
ferred to remind the House that a reply had already
come from an honorable member on the other side
—the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
The notes of that gentleman's speech had not yet
died away, and he was quite sure the House and
the country would bear in mind that he (Mr. W.)
had been assailed upon the one side by the gentle-
man from Ohio, as having been most ultra m oppo-
sition to everything like Free-Soilism, in opposition
to northern sentiment upon the subject of slavery;
while, upon the other hand, he had been held up by
the gentleman from Tennessee as having in every
respect gone against southern views, and used the
power and patronage of this House against them.
Now he was quite willing to allow these counter
statements, those counter speeches, to go out to the !
country to reply the one to the other. ;
Mr. GIDDING3, (interposing.; Does the hon- !
orable gentleman from Massachusetts admit that J
the argument of the gentleman from Tennessee ,
[Mr. Johnson] is correct? i
Mr. W1XTHROP replied, that he must say to;
the gentleman from Ohio, once for all, without in- i
tending any personal disrespect to the gentleman, ,
that he did not design to answer his wterrogato- ;
ries. H^ had had quite too many of them—quite !
too much aside from any direct purposes (he had !
almost used a stronger phrase, but he would not .
violate the courtesy of the House,)—he had had
quite too many of them to treat them with any ■
gieat respect. He had seen a statement going the j
rounds of the papers over the signature of the gen- ,
tleman from Onio, which he was prepared to prove,
which he had proved, to be without the shadow of j
foundation in fact. The honorable gentleman |
from Ohio had voted against him (Mr. W.) for j
Speaker two years since, and had come out in vin-
dication of himself in the Ohio papers, and arrayed
against him (Mr. W.)a fact, or what the gentle- i
man called a fact, which had not the shadow of I
truth. He (Mr. W.) dared say the honorable ,
member believed it to be true : he did not impugn I
the gentleman's veracity, neither should the gen- i
tleman tempt him (Mr. W ) to do it. But the ]
gentleman had stated as a fact that which was not ■
a fact; that which was utterly false. He had ac- |
cused him (Mr. W.) of going into the Whig cau-
cus at the time the war bill was about to be passed
in this House, and making a speech in favor of the
war; and had placed his whole course of action
against him (Mr. W.) as Speaker of the House,
upon that ground. He (Mr. W,) had testimony
from gentlemen whom the House would trust, and
whom the honorable member would be obliged to
trust, amply sufficient to prove that an entirely er- i
roneousand unfounded statement. j
Mr. GIDDING3 (interposing) desired respect-
fully to inquire of the gentleman from Massachu- !
setts, whether he intended to represent that his i
[Mr. WiNTiiROr's] course upon the war question j
was the only objection he (Mr. G.) had taken to I
him as Sneaker ? '
Mr. WINTHROP replied that he bad only in- ,
tended to remark that this was the principal burden j
of the gentleman's letter; that he (Mr. W.) had !
been a supporter of ihc Mexican war, and, in par- j
ticulai,that he had gone to the Whig caucus the i
morning on which the bill was introduced into this '
Housp, and in a speech had called upon his col- ;
leagues to go with him. The gentleman from Ohio j
had made that charge in his first letter, which he \
(Mr. W.) had denied and proved to be without j
foundation in fact. The gentleman, he (Mr. W.) !
believed, had repeated that charge in a second ;
letter after it had been denied. He (Mr. W.)de- 1
nied it still; and he contended that the honorable \
member having twice stated what was untrue, !
and not hiving withdrawn it when it had been |
proved to be untrue, was no longer entitled to [
respect.
Mr. G1DDINGS, (interposing.) Does the !
gentleman admit the truth of the letter of E. D.
Culve<-, of New Yot k ? Is that true or false ? !
Mr. WJNTHROP. I pronounce the whole f
statementfaise,thatat that meeting,oratany othet j
time, I made a speech in favor of the war. 1 pro- ]
nounce the whole statement to be false. i
Mr G1DDING3. I pronounce it to be true. j
Mr. WINTHROP (resuming) said he would i
now proceed to notice another statement which had J
been made this morning by the gentleman from i
Onto. The honorable member had said that he j
had refused to vote for a Speaker who had sedu- j
lously composed the Committee on the District of ij
Columbia with a view to uphold and maintain the
slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Mr. GlDDINGS. 1 said that the gentleman
had arranged a committee who had sedulously
maintained and protected it.
Mr. WINTHROP said he thought the House
would bear him witness that the honorable gen-
tleman had said that the Speaker of the last Con-
gress had sedulously composed the Committee on
the District of Columbia with a view to protect
the slave trade in the District. But he took the
statement as the gentleman now made it, that he
(Mr. W ) had arranged a committee who had
sedulously upheld and maintained the slave trade
in the Distiictof Columbia. At the very last ses-
sion of Congress the committee appointed by him
(Mr. W.) had reported to this House a bill to
abolish the slave trade in the District of Columbia;
and when the motion was made to lay on the table,
six out of the nine members who constituted that
committee had voted against laying it on the table.
He (Mr. YV\) had the impression that the bill was
drafted by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mi.
Brown,] who was now in his seat. He remem-
bered that that gentleman had risen and explained
and vindicated the bill. It was a bill which had
been assented to by gentlemen on all sides of the
House, by gentlemen from the South as well as by
gentlemen from the North. There were upon that
committee five gentlemen from the North and four
from the South. There were of the members of
the House one hundred and forty from the free
States, and ninety from the slave States. He would
leave it to the House and the country to judge how
the propositions in the two cases corresponded.
But that committee did report a bill for that pur-
pose; and, in the face of that fact, the honorable
gentleman from Ohio had risen and accused him
(Mr. W.) with having (as the gentleman now
made the statement) constructed a Committee on
the District of Columbia who sedulously pro-
tected and upheld the slave trade in this District;
and that the gentleman had assigned as his reason
for voting against htm.
Mr. GlDDINGS (interposing) said he under-
stood the gentleman from Massachusetts to have
said that that committee reported a bill to abolish
the slave trade in the District of Columbia. There
stood the record; and upon that record he (Mr.
G.) pronounced that an utterly unfounded asser-
tion. The record showed no such thing. The
bill reported by that committee only prohibited the
bringing in slaves from other States, but did not
touch the traffic within the District.
Mr. W1N1HROP (continuing) said he con-
fessed the distinction which the gentleman from
Ohio took had not occurred to him as material to
this case. It was possible the bill did not go quite
as far as the honorable gentleman from Ohio, and
those who acted with him, thought it ought to huve
gone. But by gentlemen upon all sides, at least
by gentlemen from the free States, it had been re-
garded as a very great improvement upon any bill
which had previously been reported to the House,
and as being at least fair and equitable. He held
that that was at least sufficient evidence—evidence
which ought to have prevented the gentleman from
Ohio from rising in his place and charging him
(Mr. W.) with having sedulously constructed the
commin.ee, or (as the gentleman now varied the
charge) with having constructed the committee
who sedulously protected the slave trade in this
District.
In concluding, he said that he had been be-
trayed into remarks of much greater length than
he had intended. He had not intended to allow
the gentleman from Ohio to luffle his feelings.
He trusted he should very soon recover his ordi-
nary proportion of calmness. There might come
a time, in the course of the session, when he mi ht
feel more at liberty than he had ever before felt,
or than he now felt, to go into this subject and say
something in reply to the gentleman from Onio
and to the gentleman from Tennessee. He did
not see fit at this time, however, to go elaborately
into a reply to either of those gentlemen.
Mr. ROCKWELL addressed the House. He
said: Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] in his remarks to the House
this morning, said, that the Committee on the
Territories, appointed by my honorable colleague
[Mr. Winthrop] at the last session of the last Con-
gress, refused to report bills for the organization of
territorial governments containing the provisions of
the ordinance of 1787, or, as he calls it, the Wilmot
proviso, until they were instructed to do so by a
vote of the House. When he made that statement,
I rose and inquired of him if he meant to state that
as a fact to the House and the country. In reply,
the gentleman said that he would alter his phrase-
ology, and would say that that committee neglected
to report those bills containing that matter, until
they were instructed to do so by the House. He
then appealed to the record, and said, with an air
of triumph, that it did and would stand upon that
record, that that committee neglected that duty
until they were instructed to perform it by the
House; evidently intending to convey the idea that
that committee neglected their duty in this regard
for so long a period of time, that the House was
obliged to instruct them to do what the majority of
that committee would not otherwise have done,
viz: to report bills for territorial governments in
New Mexico and California, containing the re-
strictions on the subject of domestic slavery, which
were part of the ordinance of 1787.
Sir, this representation on the part of the gentle-
man from Ohio touches not merely the conduct
and policy of my colleague, the Speaker of that
House, but also the character and fidelity of the
members composing the majority of that commit-
tee—their fidelity to principles well known to have
been entertained by them, and to their constitu-
ents. For this reason I reply to that representa-
tion, as unfounded and unjust. Sir, I aopeal to
the record for proof undeniable of the incorrect-
ness and injustice of his statements and insinua-
tions. Heie it is, sir, the Journal of the last ses-
sion of the last Congress. By this record it appears
that at the last session of Congress, which com-
menced on the 4th day of December, the standing
committees were appointed on Thursday, the 7th
of December—the Committee on the Territories
among the rest. The House adjourned from that
day until Monday, the 11th. On Wednesday, the
13th day of December, the resolution instructing
the committee was adopted, upon the motion of
my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Root.] But
three legislative days had elapsed between the ap-
pointment of that committee and the passage of
that resolution. The period in the session was so
early and the time had been so short, that the
committees generally had not been called together
by their respective chairmen. Few subjects had
been referred to the committees, and 1 believe no
subject had been referred to this committee, except
one, which was a resolution presented by an hon-
orable gentleman from Iowa, instructing that com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of so dividing
the Territory of Upper California as to organize
and extend a distinct territorial government over
that portion of said Terntory which includes the
white settlements in the vicinity of Salt Lake.
Sir, the Committee on the Territories consisted
of nine members. The Journal shows that five
of those nine members voted for this resolution.
Here are their votes : (reading from the Journal:)
Nathan Evans, Daniel Gott, Julius Rockwell, Ca-
leb B. Smith, and James Thompson. That por-
tion of the President's message relating to the
Territories had not been referred to this committee.
This resolution was the first matter relating to the
general subject which was referred to them. The
Journal shows that on the twentieth day of Decem-
ber, this committee reported the bill to establish
the territorial government of Upper California;
and on the third day of January the bill to estab-
lish the Territory of New Mexico. Both these
bills contained those provisions of the ordinance
of 1787, forever prohibiting slavery in those Terri-
tories. Now, sir, I submit to this House, and to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] himself, if
it is just, fair, or candid, for him to state, or insin-
uate, that the Committee on the Terruones neg-
lected to report territorial bills containing the pro-
visions of the ordinance of 3787 so long that it
became necessary to instruct them to do so. Sir,
that committee were guilty of no such neglect as
the gentleman has charged upon them. They
delayed not at all. The majority of that commit-
tee reported those bills, and always faithfully sup-
ported them, as you, Mr. Speaker, well Know,
for you were a member of that committee, though
decidedly opposed to the majority upon these
points. The bills were reported just as soon after
the appointment of the committee as the questions
of the boundaries of these Territories could be
properly investigated by the committee.
