THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS #3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1850.
New Series.... No.-6
Mr. Speaker, I will now direct my remarks to
the question more immediately before the House—
the resolution authorizing the Speaker to appoint
the committees. Both the gentlemen from Ohio
[Mr. Root and Mr. Giddings] who have preceded
me have expressed themselves in favor of that res-
olution, and against any attempt to elect committees
by the House. Thus far, sir, I agree with them in
opinion. According to the accustomed usages of
this House, the appointment of the committees is
among the duties of the Speaker. It is a duty he
is to perform under the high responsibilities of his
station. This was among the reasons which made
the choice of that officer so important. From my
experience in Congress, and from my knowledge of
this House, 1 feel sure that any other mode of ap-
pointing the committees will be attended with great
confusion and delay, to the great hindrance and
detriment of the public business, if, indeed, the
attempt should not prove entirely impracticable.
However these committees may be constituted, sir,
they cannot entirely control the course of business
and the policy of the House. The majority of the
' House, wherever that majority may be found,
can still control its proceedings. I was one of
those who voted for the measures which resulted
in the organization of this House. We had spent
three long weeks in vain endeavors to elect a
Speaker by a majority vote. We had exhausted
all reasonable effort. We were no nearer an
organization in that mode than when we first as-
sembled. In my judgment, the interests of the
country and the opinions of our constituents de-
manded an organization. There was but one
practicable mode, as 1 believe, and that was adopt-
ed. We all knew it would effect an organiza-
tion. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
has said that he knew that the result would be
the choice of the present Speaker. I did notknow
that, for 1 did not know what would be the course
of that gentleman and his friends. I believed
then, as 1 know now, that it was in their power
to secure the election of my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Winthrop.] There stands the unalterable
record. For Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, one hundred
and two votes. For Mr. Winthrop, of Massa-
chusetts, one hundred votes. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] knows full well whose votes
were given for neither, and what the effect of those
scattering votes was.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved the previous ques-
tion, but withdrew the demand at the request of
Mr. Giddings, and upon pledge of its renewal.
Mr. GIDDINGS and Mr. SCHENCK simul-
taneously addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKFR awarded the floor to
Mr. SCHENCK, who expressed the reluctance
■with which he took any part in this extraordinary
debate; but he felt, as a northern man and an Ohio
man, that he could not longer remain without at
least undertaking in a few words to define his own
position, in relation to certain matters, whatever
other gentlemen might think proper to do. He
had been accustomed to hear the north lectured—
the North told to " stand up and face the music"—
the North spoken to by certain gentlemen, who
undertook to be the peculiar champions of free-
dom on this floor. He should pass all that by, if
these gentlemen"confined themselves to mere gen-
eral lectures; but when they went further, as his
colleague had done this morning, and came before
this House undertaking to misrepresent the posi-
tion of other gentlemen, including himself, (Mr.
S.,) he felt that he was called upon to repel every
such misrepresentation made to the country. His
colleague, before an interrogatory had been put
to him, had volunteered the declaration that to the
northern Whigs of this House it was peculiarly
owing that the present Speaker—a southern gen-
tleman—now occupied the chair. He had said,
that if the Whig party had put up a candidate
known to be in favor of the Wilmot proviso, he
could have been elected in an hour; and thereupon
he, (Mr. S.,) thinking his colleague's position un-
tenable, had asked him why, if he was in favor of
any northern man who was a Wilmot-proviso
man, he had not taken the northern man pre-
6
sented, who had always sustained the Wilmdt
proviso, but had contributed by his course to the
election of a southern Speaker.' The gentleman
had replied, that he did not recognize the candidate
of the Whig party as being in favor of the Wilmot
proviso. And how did he p'rove it? Did he refer to
the fact that Mr. Winthrop formerly moved in this
House to incorporate that provision of the ordi-
nance of '87 into the Oregon bill? Had hiscolleague
referred to the fact that Mr. Winthrop had voted for
that very proposition, when it was first christened
the Wilmot proviso? Had he referred to the votes of
that gentleman, and to his past course in this Hall?
Not so. His colleague had left years of legisla-
tion, of continuous consistent conduct, on the part
of the gentleman from Masschusetts, out of view,
and referred to the organization of the committees
of this House at the last Congress, in such a man-
ner, his colleague had contended, as to uphold the
traffis^of slaves in this District.
Mr. GIDDINGS (Mr. Schenck yielding) ex-
plained that his objection to the gentleman from
Massachusetts for Speaker was, that after the pres-
ent Executive of the United States was nominated,'
the gentleman [Mr. Winthrop] had declared his
opinion at a Whig meeting in Massachusetts, and
had moved to lay on the table the proposition of
a gentleman from Cambridge, which pledged the
Whig party against the support of any man who
was opposed to the Wilmot proviso. His objec-
tion to that gentleman arose also from the fact that
he had gone for Texas', in a public toast at
Faneuil Hall, Boston, in July, 1845, before Texas
was annexed. His objections to that gentleman
were also founded upon the acts of his whole pub-
lic life, and particularly upon what had been said
in Whig caucus upon the Saturday evening previ-
ous to the commencement of the present session,
when the gentleman's colleague had said, that it
was no part of the Whig policy to adopt the Wil-
mot proviso.
Mr. ASHMUN. To whom does the gentleman
refer ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. To you.
Mr. ASHMUN. I did not use any such lan-
guage.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The public have seen the
language. It was, I believe, that neither the Whig
party of Massachusetts nor the people of Masaa-^
chusetts made the Wilmot proviso a test.
His objections (Mr. G. continued) had arisen
from these and all the other demonstrations which
the gentleman from Massachusetts and his friends
had made in sustaining for President a man whose
education, interests, and associations led him to
oppose the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. SCHENCK (resuming,) with a remark
upon the digression which his colleague had now
made from the course of remark m which he was
engaged, and a word of apology to Mr. Wijjthrop
for1 seeming to undertake his defence, which would
be done so much more ably by himself, briefly
noticed and replied to some of the points just stated
by his colleague. With reference to what his
colleague had said concerning the course of the
gentleman from Massachusetts in Whig caucus,
they had the testimony of two gentlemen from
Massachusetts on the other hand, contradicting
that charge of his colleague; and there he left the
t-entleman, with two witnesses against him.
" Then as to the charge of his colleague that the
gentleman from Massachusetts had supported the
annexation of Texas: from the beginning to the
end, in every form, in theTwenty eighth Congress
(when the measure was passed) the gentleman
from Massachusetts had been found voting and
acting against the annexation. Not so with the
gentleman from Indian i, [Mr. Brown,] for whom
his colleague had voted. The votes of that gentle-
man were diametrically opposed to those of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and were with the
supporters of annexation.
He proceeded to notice the charge of his col-
league based upon the composition of the commit- j
tees of the last Congress, which, after all, he (Mr. ;
S ) said, seemed to be the great charge of his col- j
league against the gentleman from Massachusetts ;
Of the nine members of that copumittee at the first
session of the last Congress, five were from the free
and four from the slave States^ and the same pro-
portion was continued at the second session of that
Congress—Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, being ap-
pointed in theplaceofMr. McDowell,ofVirginia,
and Mr. Gaines, of Kentucky, in the place of Mr%
Sims, of South Carolina; and after that change had
taken place the bill had been reported to put an
end to the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does my colleague mean to
saf that that committee reported a bill to prohibit
the sale and transfer of human beings within the
District of Columbia?
Mr. SCHENCK read the title of the bill, being
a bill " to prohibit the introduction of slaves into
the District of Columbia for merchandise, sale, or
hire." It might be (he said) that that bill did not'
prohibit entirely the sale of slaves here; in other
words, that it did not abolish slavery in this Dis-
trict, (for the one would be equivalent to the other.)
It had been well said, however, by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that it did more than had ever
been proposed by any bill in this House before.' It
was known by its title as a bill to abolish the slave
trade in this District. It was so understood at the
time; and whatever the extent of its provisions,
it accomplished more than had ever been proposed
by any committee of gentlemen from the North or
the South. He referred to the records, showing-
that Mr. Haralson had moved to lay the said bill
on the table, which motion was rejected by 117
nays to 72 yeas, and that among the nays were
the names of six membersof this committee, while
the names of but two were in favor of the motion,
(one member not voting.)
He proceeded to argue that the course of Mr.
Winthrop, in the composition of the committees
during the last Congress, could not have been the
true reason for the opposition of his colleague to
that gentleman, because his colleague had taken
the same grounds at the commencementof the fast
Congress. There must be some other reason for
the gentleman's course. That reason he (Mr. S.)
conceived to be the peculiar organization of his
colleague's mind, and his peculiar mode of reason-
ing, in which, with all dile deference to his col-
league, he must be allowed widely to differ with
him. The gentleman cared not what might be the
past course of a man; he cared not for a life of
consistency; a life illustrating the particular views
he entertained in regard to great political questions.
All this went for naught with him, and he pre-
ferred pledges made to order on the eve of an elec-
tion to effect the purposes of the occasion. He
(Mr. S.) thought differently. He cared very
little—he caied not at all for pledges by which
somebody was to be cheated. But he did care for
a life maiked upon the records of the country,
without such temptations to influence him as were
made use of to procure pledges from a candidate
on the eve of election.
He did not rest merely upon a pnori reasoning
in what he had said with reference to his col-
league's position. He hoped to be excused for re-
ferring to facts which had recently taken place.
Everybody recollected how a certain " Bill " had
recently been proposed to make a Speaker; and
how, like many another bill, after having had a
first, second, and a third reading, it was at length
lost upon its final passage ! Everybody recollected
the agreement which had taken place between two
parties in this Hall, and the position of their can-
didate. He begged the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Brown] to excuse him for this reference,
and making use of him as an illustration, be-
cause it became necessary to answer his colleague.
The gentleman fiom Indiana stood upon the
records for some two or three Congresses, voting
directly opposite to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Winthrop] on all of these ques-
tions. The gentleman [Mr. Brown] had been
for the annexation of Texas; for stifling debate;
for laving on the table and smothering resolutions
inquiring into the propriety of abolishing slavery
in the District of Columbia, and extending the
ordinance of 1787 over all the Territories of tho
