1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*
stood that the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri comes in at the end of the bill.
Mr. GREEN. The Chair is mistaken. I pro-
pose, instead of the end of the bill,' to have it come
in at the end of the first section.
Mr. SEDDON. I rise to a question of order.
If I understand, no amendment is in order to a
subsequent part of a section so long as an amend-
ment is offered, or is liable to be offered to a pre-
cedent part of it. i have an amendment to offer
in the first line. I now propose to-offer it; and I
insist that, until it shall have been disposed of, no
amendment to another part of the section will be
in order.
TheCHAIR. Such is the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GREEN rose and was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. HILLIARD. Do I understand the Chair
to decide 
Mr. GREEN (interposing) said he would yield
the floor to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Hilliard.]
The CHAIRMAN requested Mr. Hilliard to
state at what point he proposed that his amend-
ment should come in.
Mr. HILLIARD explained.
The CHAIR decided thatthe amendmentof the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] was in
order as an amendment to the first line of the bill.
The reading of the amendment was called for,
and it was read.
Mr. SEDDON. I understand the decision of
the Chair to have been that no amendment was in
order to any subsequent part of the section so long
as an amendment was offered to the first line.
TheCHAIR. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] is an amend-
ment to the first line.
Great confusion ensued, and the Chairman for
some time found it impossible to restore order.
Mr. FOWLER addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. THf Chair will not hear
y gentleman until the committee shall come to !
■der.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman rise
to a point of order?
Mr. FOWLER. Ido.-
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. FOWLER. The question of order is this-—
whether it is in order for the House to remain in
disorder after the Chair has repeatedly called to
order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is disorderly to do so.
The amendment of Mr. Hilliard was again
read.
Mr. HILLIARD explained where it was to
come in.
Mr. GREEN rose to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] appears
to come in at the end of the first section of the
bill. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Seddon]
proposes to offer an amendment to the first line of
the bill.
Mr. HILLIARD. I also propose an amend-
ment to the first line of the bill, by striking out;
and I submit that my amendment is the first in
order.
The CHAIRMAN suggested that a few mo-
ments should be allowed to decide the question of
precedence between the two amendments; and the
Chairman requested the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] to send his amendment to the
Chair.
Mr. Seddon sent his amendment to the Chair,
which was read substantially as follows: Strike
out ail after the enacting clause, in the first section,
and insert, " That the portion of the State of Cali-
fornia lying north of 36® 30', shall be, and is here-
by declared to be, one of the United States of
America, and admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States, m all respects
whatever."
Mr. MEADE rose, he said, to a question of
order.
Mr. GREEN addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Green] will suspend until order is
restored.
Mr. MEADEwasunderstoodto inquire whether
an amendment in the form of a preamble was not
first in order?
The CHAIRMAN said that the preamble was
always last in order.
Mr. GREEN rose, he said, to a question of
order, which he desired to submit, in order that
the committee might arrive at some conclusion
which would enable them to proceed with the bill.
All the amendments which had been offered to the
first section, were predicated upon|thesubject-mat-
ter of the boundary. He had enjoyed the privi-
lege of submitting the first amendment on the sub-
ject of the boundary. Hence, he submitted, that
amendment was entitled to priority.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Seddon] has precedence.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I call for-the reading
of the amendment.
Mr. HILLTARD addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will suspend
until the committee come to order.
Mr. HILLIARD again addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN/- Will the gentleman sus-
pend, either until order is restored, or until the
fact shall have been ascertained that we cannot
have order'
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia, addressed the
Chair.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recognize
no gentleman until order has been restored.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. When order shall have
been restored, the gentleman can make the motion,
but not hefore.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (after a pause,)
I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee shall
come to order, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Seddon] will be entitled to the floor, on the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. HILLIARD. I am unwilling to interrupt
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,] but
I desire to know upon what grounds the Chair
has decided that the amendment of that gentleman
has precedence over that which 1 submitted.
The CHAIRMAN. Simply for the reason,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Seddon] relates to a portion of the bill
anterior to that to which the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] relates.
Mr. SWEETSER addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilliard] is entitled to the floor. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweet&er] is not in
order.
Mr. WINTHROP addressed the Chair. May
I ask (he said) that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr: Seddon] may be read,
hefore he proceeds to make his remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. When order is restored,
the amendment will be sgoin read.
After the lapse of a few moments, the amend-
ment was again read.
Mr. HILLIARD. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order. And the Chair will remind
the gentleman from Alabama^ [Mr. Hilliard,]
that, under present circumstances, the question of
order is not debatable.
Mr. HILLIARD. I do not propose to debate
it. I merely desire to suggest that I sent an
amendment to the Chair, proposing an amend-
ment to the first line, by striking out. I do not
know upon what ground precedence is given to
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Seddon.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. HILLIARD. May I ask that the amend-
ment be again read ?
The CHAIRMAN. Order, gentlemen, order m
the Hall- The Chair will feel constrained to ad-
dress members by their names if they do not
preserve order, or the Chairman will leave the
Chair, and let the committee take care of itself. It
is impossible that business can proceed with regu-
larity, or with satisfaction to anybody, unless the
committee will maintain order. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Seddon] proposes to strike
out from the first section of the bill the following
words, which will be read by the Clerk, [the
words were again read;] and to insert the following,
which will be read: [they were again read.]
I make the point of or-
- P,
Mr. HILLIARD.
der  
Great confusion and disorder.
The amendment, of Mr. Hilliard was again
read. ;
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Seddon] is first in order.
Mr. HILLIARD. I submit a question of order.
If I understand, the amendment of th« gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Seddon] proposes to 
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilliard] .is on the floor on a ques-
tion of order. " "
Mr. CARTTER. It is a question of order upon
the gentleman from Alabama. The Chair has de-
cided that the amendment ot'^he gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] is not in order, and the
gentleman is proceeding to discuss it.
The CHAIRMAN called to order.
Mr. HILLIARD proceeded to explain whathis
amendment was.
Mr. SEDDON claimed the floor, remarking that
he could not yield it.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] is in order, and ugon that amend-
ment. the gentleman from Virginia is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and the Chair wilt no
doubt permit me to state the reasons why I do so.
Mnny friends about me believe that the business
of the committee cannot go on under that decision.
I submit to the Chair that no amendment is in or-
der except an amendment to the amendmentof the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] The
Chair has deeded that the amendment of that gen-"
tleman to the fet section of bill is pending, with-
out regard to any line in the section. That is in
accordance with the uniform practice. The first
section was fe.ad. The amendment was then read.
Mr. STRONG, (interposing.) Is the question
debatable ?
Mr. McLANE. I am npt debating. f am stating
the point of order. The amendment to the first sec-
tion is pending—that is to say, the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] I
submit that the original bill introduced by the
gent'eman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] must lie
amended and perfected, section by section, and
that no amendment is in order except an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri. I therefore appeal from the decision of
the Chair, ruling the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Seddon] (which is an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill, and not to the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri) in
order. . .
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon-,] I
move thatthe committee rise.
Mr. SEDDON. I am content to yield the floor
for that motion, with the understanding that I am
entitled to it when the consideration of this subject
shall be again resumed.
[A number of voices. Certainly—you will be
S°The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Seddon] to be in order, and from that decision the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] appeals.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
Mr. VINTON. I rise to inquire as to a matter
of fact. I wish to know who offered the first
amendment—whether the amendment of the gen-
tlemen from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] or of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] or of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. SeddonJ were first
offered.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Green] had offered an amend-
ment to come in at the end of the bill.
Mr. GREEN, (interposing.) At the end of the
first, scction
The CHAIRMAN. A motion has been made
that the committee rise.
Mr. SEDDON. I would prefer not to yield.we
floor for that motion. The amendment offered by
myself-  ,
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to de-
bate the pending question. - :
