m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Mr. SEDDON. I decline to yield the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. SEDDON. I have expressly declined to
yield the floor for that motion.
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] will recollect that, the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLane] rose to a question
of order. During the pending of that question, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
got the floor and moved tha the committee rise.
Mr. GORMAN. Is it in order to move to
amend the motion so as to provide that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House, and
recommend its passage ?
The CHAIRMAN. Jt is not in order so long
as an amendment is pending. The question is on
the motion that the comm ttee rise.
Tellers were order#, and Messrs. Giddings, of
Ohio, and Howard, of Texas, were appointed.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 71, noes 106.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question then recurred on the appeal of Mr.
McLane from the decision of the Chair, ruling
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Seddon] to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN again stated the question,
and the reason for the decision; remarking that he
had no pride of opinion in regard to it, and that the
Chair would endeavor to carry out the decision of
the committee, whatever that may be.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand th it th  gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Green] still insists that
his proposition was offered as an amendment to
the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Then I presume itis in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided,
but has also decided that an am^grament to the
prior portion of the section is first in order^
Mr. DUER. 1 hope the question will be taken
on the appeal.
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative with-
out a division.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
And the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Green] was declared to be first in
order.
The amendment was read as follows:
Provided, Itowei-er, That the southern boundary of the
State of California shall lie the parallel of latitude of thirty-
siX degrees and thirty minutes: Jhtd provided further, That
the fine of thirtj-six decrees and thirty inmules of north
latitude, known as the Missouri compromise line, as defined
by the eighth section of an act entitled " An act to author-
ize the people of the Mtssuuti Territory to form a consti-
tution and State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Onion on an equal footing with the original
States, and to prohibit slaveiy in ceitain territories,1'ap-
proved March sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty, be, and
the same is hereby, declared to extend to the Pacific ocean,
and the said eighth section, together with the compromise
therein effected, Is hereby revived, and declar^t to be in
full force and binding for the tntiire organization of the
territoiies of the United States, in the same sense and with
she same understanding with which itwasoiigmally adopted;
to the support of this amendment;—of such south-
ern men, I venture to ask an audience and con-
sideration to this view.
I think it very clear, Mr. Chairman, that the
Constitution did not contemplate distinctly, in the
enjoyment of the commort property of the Con-
federacy, that there should be partition or sever-
alty in use among the States or sections of the
Union. It was not framed upon the supposition
that there would be any such antagonism or in-
compatibility of interest between the States or
sections of the- Confederacy that equality of en-
joyment and free participation to all could not be
obtained by community of possession, and the
privilege of general settlement by the citizens of
all, with their property, in every portion of the
joint domain. The fundamental principle—the
primary end, ho'wever,of the Constitution in rela-
tion to this matter was equility of right and priv-
ilege among the people of the different States, in
the use and enjoyment of th^common territory of
the Union. Freedom of gereral settlement was
but one (and, as must be confessed, the most na-
tural and easy) mode of accomplishing this pri-
mary object of equality and right. But if, from
after events, or the development of latent causes
then existing, such antagonism or incompatibility
of interest arose between the States or sections of the
Union, that there could not be free participation and
equal enjoyment under community of possession
and settlement, then to attain the primary end,
and give to all real participation, some other mode
than that of joint holding must be devised and re-
sorted to. The natural, as well as equitable resort
would be to pattition—a division of the common
territory that could not be jointly settled, and an
assignment of just proportions to each of the
States or sections having such incompatible inter-
ests. Would not this be not only consistent with,
but actually demanded by the spirit and intent of
the Constitution, and in the case supposed, of in-
compatible interests, be the only just plan of carry-
ing out the provisions of the Constitution ? This
was exactly, as I understand, the ground of
principle on which the Missouri compromise was
originally adopted. It was alleged that between
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States
there could not be community of settlement and
equality of enjoyment while the territory was
J open to all, for .that the admission of the slave
was the exclusion of the white laborer. I deter-
mine not the fact whether this was so in reality
—in my opinion it was not, and therefore, on that
ground, as well as because of the grossly inequi-
table partition made for the South, I have
always deemed the Missouri compromise a most
disastrous and unfortunate adjustment, and had I
been at its adoption a member of this House, I
think I would have been found among its sternest
opponents. Its principle, however, I am now
dealing with, and that, although unequally applied,
was, on the supposition of incompatibility of joint
enjoymentand settlement, just and constitutional.
It was the principle of partition—of joint owners
dividing and assigning to each a part in severalty.
In principle and in fact, whatever was the mere
and upon the ratification of the boundaries of the State of , • c .. ■ .« ,
- - - - tr(, nnf1 declared by tlx* people of j (language of the compromise, the territory north
   r   " ' jl^of the line was assigned to the North and its insti-
Caliiorina, as hereby Inn
said State, m such manner as the Lcgi.-lature theieof may
propose, the admission of said State liito the Union on an
equai footing with the original S'nto-. m nil, by proclamation
of tile President, be declared complete.
Mr. GREEN supported his amendment in a few
remarks.
Mr. SEDDON moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Green, by inserting after the word "ef-
fected," the following, viz:
"Making practically a partition between the slaveholding
and non-slaveholdmj States, as to the privilege of settle-
ment.'5 I
Mr. SEDDON said:
I concur, Mr. Chairman, in the amendment offer- \
ed by the honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. \
Gree^,] and I have suggested a verbal addition, !
to enable me briefly to present a view which may :
serve to show its compatibility, at least, with the ;
spirit and provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, and thus remove some objections
to its adoption. I belong myself-to that class of
State-rights politicians who have generally been
supposed to be opposed, on constitutional grounds,
to the Missouri compromise. I have seen it con-
jectured in relation to myself, and I am aware that [
it is the case with some southern members, that 1
tution; that below it, to the South and herinstitu-
i tions.
|j Now, Mr. Chairman, this principle is again in-
j; voked unilet even stronger circumstances. The
I' former division has increased and made much more
I; clear the alleged antagonism of interests—the
jl incompatibility of joint occupancy and joint settle-
!| ment. To attain the primary end of equality of
j; right and privilege, under the Constitution, division
between the opposing sections or States must be
i, had. It is now sanctioned by previous precedent,
<i recommended by the peace and fraternal feeling it
|] once restored and assimilated by use and acqui-
!: escence in the minds of the people to fundamental
i, law. Let it be again resorted to, but on the prin-
ciple of just partition and with a recognition of the
; | rights of.the opposing States in the parts severally
assigned, as is here practically done; and I trust
., all of present agitation may yet redound only to the
permanency and glory of our Union.
Mr. STANTON, ofKentucky, moved to amend
the amendment of the gentlemen from Missouri,
[Mr. Green,] by adding, at the end thereof, the
following, viz:
i . , . "Provided, however, That itshatt be no objection to the
constitutional sciupies may interpose difficulties 11 admission into the Union of any State winch may hereafter
be formed out of the, territory lying south of the parallel of
latitude 35° 30', that the constitution ot said State may au-
thorize or establish African slavery therein."
Mr. STANTON said, there is no gentleman on
this floor more desirous that this great and ex-
citing question should be settled than myself. I
know, too, str, that there exists amongmy constit-
uents an all-pervading solicitude, that our con-
tentions here should be brought to an early close—
that we should adopt some settlement that will
give peace and quiet to the public mind. No set-
tlement which may be made can give quiet and
repose to the country, which is not based upon
fair and equitable principles. No patchwork will
do. No measure which is not just, and fair, and
permanent—no measure which leaves this subject
open to future agitation and interminable conten-
tion will be satisfactory to the State which I, in
part, represent, or to the people of any other State
having so great a stake in the peculiar interst in-
volved. Were I to return to my constituents,
having voted for any half-way, imperfect measure,
sacrificing the sreat constitutional rights of those
whom I represent—having voted for a settlement
which in truth was no settlement—I should not
only be indignantly repudiated by them, but that
repudiation would be just and well merited.
Sir, there can be no substantial, permanent, and
satisfactory settlement of this great question, that
does not respect the constitutional rights of the
people of Kentucky and other slaveholding States
—that does not recognize their right to an equal
participation in the settlement and enjoyment of
the territories. Adopt any other plan of settle-
ment, which does not have this object in view,
and it will be utterly worthless. The proposition
which I have offered simply asserts a principle
which every man of intelligence must agree is a
correct one, that the States south of 36° 30', when ,
they ask admission into the Union, should not be
denied on account of any provision which their
constitutions may contain in regard to slavery.
Certainly, if the Norft intends to deal fairly arid
justly with the South, northern men will not tail to||ji
support the amendment which embodies thisprin-^p
ciple.
What is our present condition ? Here are fifteen
States represented upon this floor, in which sla-
very is tolerated, and fifteen which are called free
States. These latter have the numerical majority
on this floor, and they say to the slave States, that
in all time to come you shall never-extend your
institutions one inch beyond their present bounda-
ries, while they claim, and exercise the right of
going with their institutions into any and all parts
of the territory belonging to the Union. If this be
the fixed, resolute purpose.of the majority, delib-
erately, and, as I believe, maliciously determined
upon, then, indeed, the partnership between us is
unequal, and it is time the people of the South
should knowit. It behooves the representatives
of the southern States to insist firmly upon their
rights, and require an unequivocal recognition of
them below the parallel of 36° 30', if that line
should be the basis of compromise. Eor one, sir,
I shall give no vote-here which excludes my con-
stituents from their just rights in the territories, or
which denies to them a fair and equal participation
in the settlement and enjoyment of those territo-
ries. I shall insist upon the adoption of the amend-
ment I have offered, as a measure of justice to the
people of the slaveholding portion of the Union,
and one which the North, if it intends to deal fair-
ly with us, cannot withhold.
Mr. MEADE obtained the floor, and requested
Mr. Stanton to withdraw the amendment, he.
promising to renew it.
Mr. STANTON accordingly withdrew it with
that understanding.
Mr. MEADE said he would vote for the
amendment of thegentleman from Missouri, which
is nothing more nor less than the old Missouri
compromise; and though he believed that under
the Constitution he had a right to go to any part
of the territories of the United Slates with his
property of every description, yet upon a doubt-
ful point of constitutional law, involving vital in-
terests of a sectional character, it was the duty of
the two sections to compromise their differences
by an agreed construction, and especially where
the opinions of neither could be adopted as the
rule of action without seriously injuring the rights
of the other. This is a qestion of implied power.
No direct grant was to be found in the Constitu-
tion. We are to presume that both sides are
