1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
equally honest in their interpretation of the Con-
stitution. But the views of neither can be adopt-
ed without serious injury to the other,amounting
to a disfranchisement. In ordinary cases, the will
of the majority would, and ought to be submitted
to. In cases like this, it cannot be, because it in-
volves the very existence of the weaker party. If
the constitutional views of both parties are hon-
estly and seriously entertained, then neither can
say authoritatively that the other is wrong. It
presents the very case for a compromisers neither
can submit to the views of the other. An agreed
construction of the Constitution, therefore, where
each shall yield something to the other, is the
only alternative to disruption, and the question
becomes one ofcompromiseor separation. A third
result, it is true, may be the submission of one of
the parties. Now, sir, let us settle this dispute, in
imitation of ®ur fathers, by waiving the question
of power and dividing the territory. We offer the
North the "lion's share."
Mr. McWILLIE renewed the motion, and said:
Mr. Chairman, 1 have made the motion now
under consideration, with the honest purpose of
perfecting the bill, so far as to be able, if possible,
to give the measure my support; believing, as I do,
that no measure is so likely to pacify the country
as the adoption of the Missouri compromise line,
I cannot do otherwise than voteforit. I would sup-
port almost any measure which would give repose
tothecountry. TheMissouri compromisehnehas
in its favor a prescription of thirty years; the
people understand it, and, in my opinion, it is the
safest measure for the whole country. If wecannot
enjoy this territory in common, why not divide it?
I greatly deprecate the present excitement—I think
it most mischievous in its effects upon the country.
Since the first day of the session of the present
Congress, we have been sowing dragon's teeth;
I fear we are to have an abundant harvest of armed
men. We here are in the habit of talking about a
dissolution of the Union, and the formation of a
northern and southern confederacy. We may
readily, by the use of a sufficient quantity of
powder, blow thi3 Capitol to fragments; but no
man can tell who would be destroyed by the ex-
plosion, or where the pieces would fall. So as
to the dissolution of the Union—no man can tell
what may be the result. To avoid such a catas-
trophe, we should settle the question now unfor-
tunately causing so much excitement and dis-
agreement between the two sections of the coun-
try, in a manner which shall satisfy all, by doing
justice to all.
As to the Mexican laws, of which we have
heard so much m this debate, I do not believe that
there is the shadow of a shade of a Mexican law,
on the subject of slavery, in force in the newly-
acquired territories. The civil institutions of that
people, existing under the Mexican laws at the
time we acquired the ierritories—the rights of prop-
erty, the rights and obligations of contract, the
civil relaiions of parent and child, of husband and
wife, have come to us; and if the institution of sla-
very had been there, it, too, would have come.
But there is no such thing there; the institution of
slavery does not exist: the declaration that it
should not be there was but a mere emanation of
the sovereign will; it was the political law of the
land, and, being such, I hold was superseded by
the extension of our political law, the Constitution,
over those territories. But that point being dis-
puted, it is our duty to pass upon it. We profess to
be anxious to settle our present difficulties, and shall
we dodge the question ? shall we evade it ? shall we
go home and leave it to the courts hereafter under
the excitement and fury which has been gotten up
—shall wc leave it to the courts year after year to
have this question debated before them, for the
purpose of agitation, and with the result possibly
of destroying this glorious fabric of our Union?
The five minutes expired.
Mr. McWILLIE withdrew the amendment
temporarily at the request of
Mr. CARTTEll, who renewed it, to afford him
an opportunity to address the committee. He
said: Mr. Chairman, I vvi 11 renew the amendment,
not for the purpose of making a speech on slavery.
I have not troubled the committee, nor do 1 intend
to upon that subject. I rise, sir, with the view of s
making a single remark in answer to the^latm
put forth by gentlemen of the South—that.Cali- 1
forma ought to be divided between free and slave j
governments. Sir, 1 consider the question of thei
character of that government already determined,
wisely and irreversibly determined, settled and
unalterably settled by the citizens of California
in State convention assembled-—the only manner
in which, and the only basts by which it could be
settled. The sovereign control of the subject of
slavery in State convention is conceded by every
fraction of opinion, and /action of sentiment in
this House, and connected with this subject, this
is the only point upon which it does agree. Why
then this war upon California—this attempt to
control her public mind upon this subject, this
effort to reverse her judgment, or bar her admis-
sion? Let me admonish honorable members, that
California is peopled by men from the loins of
every State in the Union,—freemen, who have
been educated to believe that they have a right to
construct a government after their own^ciioice, as
far as this subject is concerned. I ask gentlemen
seriously, if they vainly suppose that a minority,
or a majority of this House could control their
will in this particular, whatever might be tfie vote?
Why, Mr. Chairman, the freemen of California,
I apprehend, are fashioned very much like our-
selves—they are bone of our bone. And if mfen
upon this floor possess hardihood enough to attempt
to bring their oiganic law under contribution to
their own peculiar State institutions, they will find
the freemen of California possessing manhood
enough to defend thegovernment of theirown crea-
tion. I repeat again, sir, this question, as far as it
relates to California, is already adjudged, deter-
mined by its legitimate tryers, and it is pure polit-
ical arrogance to interfere with it. If ive are to
have a continued effort on the part of existing
States to provincialize infant States to their pecu-
liar institutions, I would recommend members
desiring it to change the venue, turn your atten-
tionin thedirejfcn of the RioGrande;itis possible
you may find victims there—it is quite too late in
California.
Mr. VENABLE renewed the amendment.
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois, rose to a question of
order. How long, he inquired, could an amend-
ment travel round the House, and be handed over
in this manner from one member to another to al-
low speeches to bemade? Was this in order ?
The CHAIRMAN decided that a member had
a right to make a motion and withdraw it, and that
another member had a right to renew it.
Mr HARRIS. Does the Chairman overrule
by point of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does overrule it.
Mr. HARRIS. Then I appeal from the decision,
and desire to see whether these amendments are to
travel round and be debated forever.
The CHAIRMAN stated the point of order and
his decision.
Mr. HARRIS desired, he said, to state his point
of order as he had made it. His point of order
was not that a member had no right to make a
motion and withdraw it when made, or that an-
other member had not the right to make a similar
motion. But it was that the motion could not be
handed round, by concert, from one member to
another, time without end, for the purpose of ma-
king speeches.
- The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgmentof the committe," was then
token, and decided In the affirmative without a
division. _
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. VENABLE then resumed the floor. He
said, I hope the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] is now satisfied with the point of order.
It has never been raised here within my knowl-
edge but once before, and it was then, as now,
overruled by an overwhelming vote. I now proceed
to reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter.] To the patriotic appeal of my friend fiom
Mississippi, [Mr. McWiiue,] hesneeiinsly re-
plies, that before we bargain about boundaties we
must be on bargaining ground; that the people
of California, in their sovereignty, have fixed the
constitution and boundary, and Congress have no
right to alter it—that it is a foregone conclusion.
Sir, does the gentleman forget that Congress has
always asserted the right to fix and alter bounda- ,
ries? Michigan, Iowa, and last session Wiscon-
sin, all had their boundaries altered. Yes, sir, ;
Wisconsin, who came here as the last of five
States to be made out of the territory included in
the ordinance of 1787—Wisconsin was divided,
and in the face of that ordinance enough terri-
tory left to make another State. Sir, this is in
character—when the South is to be plundered all
arguments in our favor are foregone conclusion^.
When Free-Soil and Abolition are to be promoted/
then all conclusions are for the North and
against the South. The remarks of the gentleman'
could only be made by one who does not appre-
ciate the real danger which menace the peace
of the country and the integrity of this'Union.
Does he not perceive that the whole country
is deeply agitated ? And will he minister to
these agitations? will he hurry the apprehended
mischief by contemptuous indifference to the
result? Sir, I desire the repose of the people
of the United States, I earnestly desire the resto-
ration ofconfidenceandg'ood feeling. I know that
the South has rights and knows them, and that
forbearance will not be increased by a disregard of
our claims. I perceive a gentleman smile at this
statement. Sir, it may be a matter of amusement
to one filled with that pride which springs from the
consciousness of the power of a majority. He
may smile and when feeling, alienated by injustice,
shall have destroyed all that the patriot loves in
our Union, he may perhaps have acquired the no-
toriety of the incendiary of the temple of Diana.
So let it be, if he covets it. For myself, for the
South, I repeat, with my fuend from Mississippi,
[Mr. McWillie,] we have borne much fort-he'
Union, we will still bear much; but when the iron
heel of oppression by tyrany of a foreign or dom-
estic oppressor is raised at me, it is a duty which
is due to God, and those dependent u&gn us, and
resistance will be made whatever IroPtie conse-
quence.
•Mr. DOTY. Let it come !"
Mr. VENABLE. Yes, sir, if your counsels
prevail it will come. It shall not be brought about
by any act of injustice of mine. If it must come,
the authors of the evil will occupy an appropriate
place in the records of our country. 1 offered the
amendment merely to assert the right which Con-
gress has always exercised of repealing the boun-
dary of any territory which claims to have es-
tablished a State government, and asks admission
into the Union.
Mr. V. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Green, by striking out the second
proviso, and thus confine the Missouri compro-
mise to the State of California alone.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. ASHMUN said, he had offered it for the
purpose of bringing the committee to a vote, and
he did not intend to withdraw the amendment for
any one. He understood that5 by an order of the
House, debate had been stopped. He was not
about to make a speech, even of the five minutes'
duration which the rule allowed, because he
thought that speeches were evasive. His object
was to obtain a vote—to test the sense of the com-
mittee upon a question which they all understood,
and upon which, therefore, there was no necessity
for discussion after the six months' debate which
had already taken place.
The question was then elated-to be on the mo-
tion of Mr. Ashmun.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Ewing of
Tennessee, and Ogle of Pennsylvania.)
The question was then taken, and the vote was
declared to be—ayes 67, noes 84.
So the committee refused to r>se.
The question then lecurred on the amendment
of Mr. Ashmuk.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said, that as
part of 'he proposition was to strike out, he pre-
sumed n would first be in order to move to amend
that point.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will remember that it is an amendment to
an amendment, and that therefore no amendment
is now in order.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose, sir, that the por-
tion proposed to be stricken out is amendable be-
fore the question is taken on striking it out.
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment t-o'an
amendment. Beyond that we cannot go. "
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. Is it not jn order
to move to amend the section before the question
is put on striking it out? ' j ;
