THE CONGRESSIONAL GlOSEf
  June 11,
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr EVANS. I appeal from the decision.
The CHAIRMAN said that the proposition
was not understood. And the Chair explained it. -
The amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Asiimun] was an amendment to an
amendment; therefore no further motion to amend
was in order. ,
Mr. EVANS gave his understanding ot tne
proposition. and said that he proposed to amend
or perfect the original proposition before the ques-
. . t ~  L-I no* rtllt
i pvi iv w *-i'v ^• "n   i i
tion was taken on striking; out. _
After some conversation between the Chairman
and Mr. Evans—
The CHAIRMAN reconsidered his decision,
and declared that it was competent to move an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, claimed the
fl°Mr EVANS said he would yield it.
Mr. ASHMUN asked for an explanation of the
decision.
The Chair explained. . .
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision
(declaring admissible an amendment to his amend-
Mr? STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, called for
tellers on the anpeal. .
Messrs. McMullen, of Virginia, and Ogle, of
Pennsylvania, were appointed,
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
was then taken and decided in the negative—ayes
74So°the'i||feon of the Chair was reversed.
And it was declared that no amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Ashmen was in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
Tellers (the same gentlemen as on the last pre
ceding vote) were appointed.
And the question was taken and decided m the
negative-i-ayes 74, noes 89.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BAYLY. I move the following amend-
ment to the clause proposed to he stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the decision just
made by the committee, it is not in order to move
an amendment to the amendment.
Mil BAYLY. I know it has been so decided.
I appeal fiom the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that an
amendment would be in order. An appeal was
taken, and the decision of the Chair was over-
ruled by the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. Contrary decisions have been
made by every Speaker since 1 have been in Con-
gress, and I appeal from the decision.
The CHAIRMAN. A contrary decision was
made by the Chair, and was overruled by the
committee. . .
Mr. P)AYLY. I wish to reverse that decision
of the committee. The decision is absurd.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not m
order.
Mr. BAYLY. Does the Chair mean to decide
that the decision mode by the committee is to stand
through all time, and that I cannot raise the point
again with a view to reverse the decision of the
committee itself?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that it
was in order to amend or pcrfect before striking
out, and the committee overruled the decision.
Upon that decision the Chair feels constrained to
declare the amendment out of order.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 know it; and I appeal. I de-
Eire distinctly to state this question.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 hope the House understand
the question. I call for tellers.
Mr. MEADE invited the Chair to state the point
of order. .
The CHAIRMAN stated the question, and his
decision, (as conforming witn the expressed will
of the committee.)
Mr. McLANE, of Myyland. May I have a
paragraph from the " Manual" read for mforma-
U°The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con
sent. .
Mr. McLANE. I ask it.
Objection was made.
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the
proposed amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Bayly.) Will the
gentleman from Virginia send his proposition to
the Chair? , .
[Several Voices. It makes no difference what
the proposition is—not at all—the only question
is, whether am) amendment is in order?]
Mr BAYLY. I shall not send my amendment
to the Chair, because it has been declared out of
order. If the decision should be reversed, I will
thThe"cHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that, under the decision of the committee, no
amendment is in order to the amendment ot the
srentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmdn.J
The amendment itself, for aught the Chair knows,
may be oufcof order. But the decision is made,
without reference to the character of fhe amend-
ment, and solely under the judgment of the com-
mittee, nfhich has declared any amendment out of
""Mr ASHMUN. Ts the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] or not?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia proposes nn amendment.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the Chair state what
the amendment is?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia inquires-whether it is in order to move an
amendment to the proviso of the gentleman from
Missouri. The Chair decides that it is not in
orrfpr
Mr. ASHMUN, (interrupting.) That is an
abstraction. T want to see what the amendment is.
The CHAIRMAN, (continuing.) From that
decision, the gentleman from Virginia appeals.
The question is on the appeal. J||f
Mr. McLANE. Does anybod^pbbject to the
reading of the manual? .
Mr.'SILVESTER suggested, as a question ot
order, whether the gentleman from Virginia could
take an appeal, when he had offered no amend-
ment? The amendment (he said) had not been
offered. , ., , , .
Mr. BAYLY. The Chair has decided that no
amendment is in order; and from that decision
aPThe CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not informed
what the gentleman's amendment is. The Chair
cannot decide whether it is in order or not, until
it is offered. ,
Mr. BAYLY sent his amendment up to the
Clerk.
The Clerk was about to read it.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the Clerk h'and the amend-
ment to the Chair? The Chair can see what it
pronoses. .
The amendment was passed to the Chairman,
and by him examined.
Mr. SILVESTER. The amendment has not
been read to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment. . . . "
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I object to
the reading of the amendment. The question of
what it proposes earfnot affect the point of °rdel"'
The Chair decides that no amendment can he of-
fered I have no idea that the appeal shall be
decided by gentlemen as thev may be in favor of,
or.against, the amendment. I myself do not know
what, the amendment is; I want the question,
whether or not any amendment can be offered, de-
cided befnre the amendment is read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair_ has nn diffi-
culty whatever in deciding that it is the right ot .
the committee to have the amendment read. 1 he .
Clerk will read the amendment. ]
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw the amendment, and 1
move to strike out, in the 13'h line of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, the words, (
11 together wi'h the compromise therein effected.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of order.
Mr. BAYLY. From that decision 1 appeal.
Mr! EVANS, of Maryland. I call for the read-
in" of the Manual upon this point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Manual will be read,
if the reading i^ not objected to.
Mr. PARKER objected to the reading.
Mr. EVANS. It.'istheruleby which theHouse
is governed. 1 make the point that any member
has the right to have the rule relating to the busi-
ness on which we are acting read. ,
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, that
it was the right of the gentleman to cab for the
The^extract from the Manual was accordingly
read, as follows: ~ N .
" When it is proposed to amend by inserting a parngrap ,
or pEt ofon™ the triends of the paraph may  "£«««
perfect as they can b? ^ amended
votc agreed to it in that foira. In like m"""erz'L,l ,|id£ uf
posed To amend by striking out a panusraph, the firi'«
the raniorapffare first to make it as perteet a in«y cairi ny
amendments, More the question is put tor sinking "
?"on Z question It be retained, it cannot he tune ded f-
terward*, because a vote against striking out equivalent
to a vote agreeing to it in that form.5
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
on the appeal.
Mr BAYLY asked for tellers.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the Chairman state the
precise words which it is proposed to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report the
aI1The Cleric read the words, " together with the
compromise therein effected.
jmoromise ineiciii cucvwu> ,
Mr ASHlMUN inquired if it would be in order
to strike out the words « therein contained, and
so keep on?. Would it not be equally m order
with the motion of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN humorously replied, that Jie
Chair could not undertake to say whether such
an amendment would be in order until the point
of order, whether or not the proviso was amend-
able at all, was first decided.
The CHAIRMAN propounded the question on
'^Mt'.'kAUFMAN said, he would move that the
committee rise. a. „„j
The motion not being heard by the Chair, and
not insisted on, was not received.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. ORR asked that the question be stated.
The CHAIRMAN again stated the question.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Green] had
proposed an amendment to the first section; the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] had
proposed to strike out a portion of that amend-
ment, being the whole of one proviso proposed m
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bam-y] pro-
posed to amend, by way of perfecting the matter
proposed to be stricken out by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. The Chair decuTed-was com-
pelled to decide, by the decision just made by he
committee, involving the same question-
motion of the gentleman from Virginia to amend
the matter thus proposed to be stricken out was
not in order. From that decision the gentleman
from Virginia appealed; and the question was,
" Shall the decision of the^Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 79, noes 90. .
So the decision of the Chairman (made m ac-
cordance with the decision of the committee upon
the previous appeal) was overruled.
So the amendment of Mr. Batly was decided
to be in order. .
Pending the question upon its adoption—
On motion by Mr. KAUFMAN
The committee rose and reported.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made a report.
And the House adjourned.
* PETITIONS?, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and appropriately re-
fprr^i * _
Rv Mr PITMAN: The petition of David Harttung and
86 other citizens ot Schuylkill county, Penn«>ivamo, asking
an immediate modification ot existing lar.ft . .
AKo, the petition ol Sagnr Chadwick and 57 other citi-
zens of Schuylkill count}, Pennsylvania, lor tlic same pur-
P°Also, the petition of William Parmly and 66 other citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, tor Ihe same pur-
P°Aho the petition of Amos Stine and 54 other citizens of
Sehinfkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same puipose.
A -o the petition of John M. Cropland ami 11 otHer
citizen's of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, tor the same
PUAi"oe|he petition of John Temple and 15 other citizens of
Sehuvl'kill county, Pennsylvania, for the fame purpose.
AKO#tlie petition ot T. Carietson and 17 other citizens of
Sehiivlkill county, Pennsylvania, for the same puipose. ,
Also the petition of Daviil D. Lewis and 51 other citi-
zens of SchuylKili county, Pennsylvania, for the same pur-
pose.
