84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
the resolution was first offered by Mr. Gott, that
gentleman moved the previous question. He (Mr.
V.J had then risen, and said that he hoped the pre-
vious question would not be seconded, because,
before the vote was taken, he desired to move to
strike out the preample. His colleague, [Mr. Gib-
dings,] however, and a sufficient number of other
members, voted for the previous question, which
■was sustained; thus cutting off a motion to strike
out the preamble. As a matter of course,- he (M r.
V.) had voted for the resolution. That vote had
placed him in a false position; and he voted to
reconsider, for the purpose of getting an oppor-
tunity of doing what he had originally avowed
his intention to do, to move to strike out the pre-
amble, which he considered offensive, but with
the intention of voting for the resolution divested
of the preamble. His colleague had held a con-
versation with him on the merits of that preamble.
Mr. G1DDINGS said, that he entertained no
doubt that his colleague last up [Mr. Vinton] had
felt that these slave-dealers ought to be treated with
great delicacy. For his part he had no such tender
sympathies. We hang those who follow that
commerce on the eastern shore of. the Atlantic as
unfit for human associations, but his colleagues
were for treating those more guilty with unusual
delicacy. The name of his colleague last up also
appeared on the Journal as voting against the
pioposition to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table, and then as moving to postpone the subject
for two weeks. He had at the time been unable
himself to see any good reason for the postpone-
ment. But he would return to the Whig party.
It would be remembered that this change had
taken place after the election of General Taylor,
when gentlemen are sometimes suspected of being
desirous of propitiating the Executive.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, explaining what
his action had been on Mr. Gott's resolution.
His colleague had charged him with a want of
boldness in facing the truth. His colleague well
knew that he was not afraid to avow his opin-
ions in relation to slavery or the slave trade in
the District of Columbia. He (Mr. S.) was op-
posed to both; though he dared to entertain and
freely express some independent opinions, which
his colleague would not, because he thought they
were unpopular at the North.
Mr. GIDDINGS claimed the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether his colleague
would not give him the opportunity to state his
opinions.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would do so, if the
time was not to be deducted out of his hour.
Mr. HILLIARD rose to a point of order. He
thought the fjouse had heard enough of this
matter.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] was proceeding under leave of the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed to the House whether
it would not hear him.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] was entitled to the floor, unless he
yielded to his colleague. Did the gentleman yield?
Mr. GIDDINGS said he did not.
It was now proposed that the question should
be put to the House, whether the time occupied by
Mr. Schenck, in explanation, should be deducted
out of Mr. Giddings's hour.
Objection was made.
„ Mr. GIDDINGS again took the floor.
Mr. HILLIARD interposed 
Mr. GIDDINGS said he did not give way.
Mr. HILLIARD called the gentleman to order.
He submitted that when a gentleman received the
leave of the House, he proceeded at sufferance,
and might be arrested at any time.
The SPEAKER said, that in the judgment of
the Chair, the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] were out of order. But
the House had given liim leave to proceed, and so
long as he continued in the same strain of remark
as that in which he was speaking when first called
to order, he would be in order under leave granted
by the House. The Chair, therefore, ruled the
gentleman in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would bring his re-
marks to a close immediately.
Mr: G. said, when last interrupted he was re-
ferring to the fact that gentlemen were sometimes
suspected of endeavoring by votes in this Hail to
propitiate Executiv'e favor. He would not say
that gentlemen voted on the occasion referred to
for that-purpose; but it was certain that one gen-
tleman who then voted against laying the motion
to reconsider on the table, thereby sustaining the
traffic in our own species, had received an "offer of
a seat in the Executive Cabinet, but declined it.
Another who thus voted now presided over the
Naval Department, and was one of the President's
constitutional advisers; another who had not voted
either way, was at the head of the Post Office De-
partment; another was now our Minister at Mad-
rid; another represented this nation at the court
of the Grand Sultan of Turkey; another was Com-
missioner on Mexican claims; another had been
appointed Marshal of the Western District of
Pennsylvania;"another was inspector of hospitals
in the United States; and the son-in-law of another
was chief clerk in the Home Department. He
could not say that these rewards were given as
compensations for sustaining the crimes connected
with the slave trade; but it is an extraordinary
fact, that so far as his knowledge extended, no
man who then voted against this slave trade had
received so much as a smile from the President.
Yet he was told that an obligation rested on him
to vote for the gentleman from Massachusetts, be-
cause he belonged to this party. He said that
names had little weight with him. He would be
as willing to vote for a Democrat who protected
the slave trade, as for a Whig who committed the
same deeds. He would vote for no man who thus
sustained a course at which humanity revolts.
He would refer to a fact that transpired the week
on which most of the members reached this city.
It was the week before the present session com-
menced. Most of the old members would recol-
lect a colored man who last year waited in the
refectory below us. He, fearing that he was to be
sold under your law, attempted to make his
escape to a land of freedom. He was arrested,
and knowing his doom, he drew a knife from his
pocket, and, in the presence of his captors, cuthis
own throat, and appealed to the God of Justice
against the law which has been sustained in this
District for the last forty years. But such suicides
are common among the victims of this traffic. He
repeated, that those who deal in slaves here, are
far more guilty than those who follow the African
slave trade. Their victims are more enlightened,
and suffer more.
And one fact was certain, this slave trade had
been sustained for the last two years by the Whig
party of this House. The records of the nation
showed this fact, and still gentlemen urged that he
was bound to sustain a man for Speaker because he
belonged to that party. He denied any such obli-
gation. He would be as willing to go down to
the slave pen on the corner of 7th street and Ma-
ryland avenue, and take the dealer in human flesh
who presides over that piratical establishment to
officiate as Speaker of this House, as he would
vote for any man, call him Whig or Democrat,
who lends his influence to protect and shield that
execrable traffic.
His colleague had spoken with contempt of
pledges; but insisted that he ought to have voted
for a man who would not let his views be known:
that he should march up blindfolded to the work,
and lend his efforts to elevate to the Speakership
a man who, if he had any sentiments, dared not
utter them. He spurned the degrading proposi-
tion. The very idea of the candidate's secreting
his opinions was to cheat some portion of those
who voted for him. He knew that, if his senti-
ments were known, some would not lend him their
votes. While he was himself unwilling to cheat
or defraud others, he had no anxiety to be duped
himself. He would never disgrace his constitu-
ents with such a vote. They had never voted
for him without knowing his sentiments. They
refused their support to General Taylor on this
very principle. If other constituencies wish their
representatives to be imposed upon by such de-
vice, his did not. He stood as an advocate for
open, undisguised, honest truth.
His colleague and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had said that a bill at the last session to
abolish the slave trade here had been introduced
by the Committee on this District. Gentlemen
need not misrepresent recorded facts. There was
no such bill introduced. That committee had in-
troduced a bill to prohibit the bringing of slaves
from Maryland and Virginia to this city for gale;
but it made no allusion to the traffic carried on
within the District. The colored people here were
left to all the horrors and crimes of that com-
merce. The slave pens here were not forbidden.
The slave merchants here, had that bill passed,
would have continued to purchase men, to obtain
more women, and collect a still greater number of
children, for the southern market. Your slave
auctions in this city would have gone on. He
declared it a fraud upon the public to represent
that bill as contemplating the abolition of the slave
trade.
For years it had been the practice in this House,
when a Speaker was elected, so to arrange the
committees as to suppress all petitions sent to
them praying the abolition of this traffic; and
those committees thus uphold a trade at which all
the feelings of our nature revolt. Members here
will say to their constituents that these petitions
were referred, but the committee made no report.
Why not? Because they were placed there for
the very purpose of suppressing those petitions.
Look (said he) to the last two years; have not
these committees suppressed the thousands of pe-
titions sent to them? Certainly they have. Not
one has been reported on. Why not? Does not
the voice of the nation reply that they were so ar-
ranged as to suppress those petitions? And who
arranged them? The very man who the Whigs
say he ought to have voted for to the office of
Speaker 1 They insist that he was bound to be-
come a party to this stupendous fraud.
He believed that governments are constituted
among meti to secure the people in the enjoyment
of their inalienable rights. These undying truths
were proclaimed by our fathers, and placed on
record. They, sir, were not afraid nor ashamed
to avow them. He most solemnly, most devoutly
cherished and sustained them. Nor would he at
any time sustain any man for the office of Speaker
of this House who disbelieved in these funda-
mental doctrines. Nor would he vote for any one
who dares not avow them.
Mr. GIDDINGS, in pursuance of his promise
to Mr. Kaufman, then demanded the previous
question.
THE HOLIDAYS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose, he said, to
a question of privilege. There were a consider-
able number of members absent; and it had not
been usual to transact any public business during
what were usually denominated the Christmas
holidays. Besides, there was much business of a
private nature to be .transacted at the departments
from all the districts throughout the Union. He
moved, therefore, that when the House adjourns,
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken and decided in the af-
firmative without a division.
So it was decided that when the House ad-
journed, it would adjourn to Monday next.
Mr. JONES moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
THE COMMITTEES.
Mr. BURT suggested that unless the resolution
he had introduced should be adopted, the Speaker
could not appoint the committees by Monday next.
Let us (said Mr. B.) pass the resolution and then
adjourn.
Mr. JONES waived his motion to adjourn for a
moment. This whole proceeding, he conceived,
was out of order, and contrary to the provisions of
the act of 1789, which declared that the House
should do no business until the Speaker had been
sworn, the Members had been sworn, and the
Clerk had been sworn. Now, the first business
the House had to do was to elect a Clerk, and then
the committees could be appointed. He renewed
his motion that the House do now adjourn.
And the question having been taken on that
motion, the votestood—ayes 44, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
There was a second; and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
The first question was on the amendment.
The yeas and nays thereon were asked.
Mr. JONES. Believing (he said) that the
House had no power to adopt the resolution till a
Clerk had been elected, he moved to lay the sub-
ject on the table.
The question was taken and decided in the
negative.
