86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
Rotche, co-heir of Wm. Rotche & Sons, asking
indemnity for French spoliations, prior to 1800;
which was laid on.the table.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of S. G. Gro-
ver, a citizen of Springwater, New York, asking
such an amendment of the pension laws as will
provide pensions for the heirs of revolutionary
officers and soldiers whodied prior to the passage
of the act of 1818; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. S. also presented three memorials of citizens
of New York, a petition of citizens of Syracuse,
and a petition of citizens of Albany, New York,
asking the establishment of a branch mint of the
United States in the city of New York; which were
referred.to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. S. also presented a memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York, and two
petitions of citizens of New York, asking an ap-
propriation for the removal of obstructions to the
navigation of Hurlgate channel, m the harbor of
New York; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial of George
Adams, an officer in the United States marine
corps, asking compensation for property lost du-
ring the Mexican war, and reimbursement of med-
ical expenses incurred in consequence of *a wound
received in the engagement at the National Bridge;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of George
Warfield and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was laid on the
table.
Mr, C, also presented the memorial of Isaac Ev-
erett, executor of Harriet Barney, deceased, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Abigail
Shaler Stilwell, legal representative of William
Shaier, deceased, late United States consul-general
at Algiers, asking to be allowed certain arrearages
of his pay; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
In presenting the latter petition, Mr. C. said: I
have also m my hand the petition of Miss, or
Mrs.—I do not know which; and that is a mat-
ter of public inconvenience often; and 1 should be
very glad if, by universal consent, some mode
could be adopted so that you might know, when a
stranger addresses you, whether she is married or
single. I have often been excessively embarrassed
upon that subject, and am so in this case; but 1
suppose she is married. She signs her name Abi-
gail Shaler Stilwell, and is the sister of one of the
worthiest men 1 have ever known in the public ser-
vice. He was for a long time our consul on the
coast of Barbary, and was afterwards transferred
to the consulate at Havana, where he died. After
his decease, the allowance which ought to have
been made was refused, and the object of the pe-
tition is to obtain that allowance.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of Hester
L. Henry, widow of William Henry, asking to
be allowed a pension in consideration of the ser-
vices of her husband in the Revolution,and during
the last war with Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. remarked that he had known her hus-
band to be a man of great merit, who had served
in the Revolution, and he believed in every war in
which the country had since been involved.
Mr. JONES presented three petitions of citizens
of the State of Iowa, asking for the construction
of a railroad from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. J. also presented the petition of Andrew
Bankson, askinga grant of land for services ren-
dered and property lost during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. J. also presented the petition of Lewis A.
Thomas and Thomas Rogers, asking compensa-
tion for services in defending certain Sioux Indians,
charged with murder in the State of Missouri,
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented petitions of citizens of
Jefferson county, Iowa, asking a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Dubuque
to Keokuck, in that State; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of the heirs
of Pascal Detchmandy, asking the confirmation of
their title to a tract of land in the State of Missouri;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. J. also presented the petition of Moses
Paquett and Therese Brisbois, asking the con-
firmation of their title to an Indian reservation;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
Hartford, Connecticut, asking that the obstructions
to the navigation of the Hurigate channel, in the
harbor of New York, be removed; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city ofSavannah, in
the State of Georgia, asking the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of the Savannah river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of William
Maxwell, heir of Josiah Maxwell, a revolutionary
officer, asking to be allowed commutation pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. FELCH submitted documents relating to
the claim of Jonathan Kearsley, receiver of public
moneys at Detroit, to the reimbursements of money
expended by him for extra clerk-hire; which, with
all the other papers on the files of the Senate, in
relation to said claim, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. F. also presented the petition of John Bid-
die, late register of the land office at Detroit, ask-
ing the reimbursement of money expended by him
for extra clerk-hire; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. .
Mr. F. also presented the petition of Hiram
Moore and John Hascall, asking a renewal of
their patent for a harvesting machine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
RESOLUTIONS FROM A STATE LEGISLATURE.
Mr. FELCH presented a joint resolution, passed
by the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in
favor of a lenewal of the patent for Moore & Has-
calPa harvesting machine; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor
of the construction of a ship canal around the Falls
of Niagara and the Sault St. Mane; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. F. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, m favor
of the construction of a road from Saginaw to
Michilimack'inach: and the Sault St. Marie; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. F. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor
of a reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. F. also presented a resolution, passed by
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, in favor
of a grant of public land to that State for the erec-
tion of asylums for the insane, deaf and dumb, and
blind; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the petition of F.
Maxwell, register, J. A. Langlois, receiver, Jacob
Feaman, late register, of the land office at Kaskas-
kia, Illinois, asking to be allowed commissions
on entries of military land warrants; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of D. Clapp
and J. H. Murphy, register and receiver, and L.
R. Noel and William E. Russell, late register and
receiver, of the land office at Danville, Illinois, ask-
ing to be allowed commissions on entries of mili-
tary land warrants; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
STATE OF DESERET.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of the
provisional government of the people of Deseret,
accompanied by a constitution and form of State
government, asking admission into the Union as a
State, or the organization of a territorial govern-
ment by Congress; which he moved to have
primed, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories. *
Mr. YULEE inquired whether this was not aii
application for admission as a State?
Mr. DOUGLAS replied that it was, with the
alternative, however, of admission as a Territory,
if Congress should so direct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. According to the
understanding of the Chair, it will have to go to
the Committee on Printing, unless othefwise or-
dered by unanimous consent.
A Senator. I object.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I will withdraw the
motion to print, which was made at th&suggestion
of Senators around me. I presume all the mem-
bers have copies, I have no particular wish that
it should be printed,
Mr. YULEE. I rose with reference to the ques-
tion of the particular committee to which this
should go. Does that question precede the motion
to print?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not necessarily.
The question being then taken on the motion to-
print, it was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to-
refer—■
Mr. YULEE said: I rose for the purpose of
reminding the Senator that at the last session the
subject of the appropriate committee to which ap-
plication for admission as States should be referred,
was discussed and decided by the Senate. It was
then agreed, 1 think, by a formal decision of the
Senate, that applications for~admiRsion as State®
should go to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
not to the Committee on Territories. As I under-
stand this to be a petition, accompanied by a con-
stitution, for admission as a State into the* Union,
I think it ought to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, in accordance with the decision
of the Senate at the last session. I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am aware that, under pe-
culiar circumstances, there was a decision of the
Senate last year, referring a particular bill for the
admission of a Slate into the Union to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It was not a full Senate,
and i do not think that decision should be con-
sidered as establishing the question as to which i 
the appropriate committee. In the House of Rep-
resentatives, the uniform rule has been to refer all
applications for the admission of States to the Com-
mittee on Territories. There is no exception to-
the rule there^ J. am under the impression that
here the precedents have been both ways. If it is
thought that this is a ease upon which there has
been such a decision of the Senate, I have no ob-
jection to that reference being made upon this one
matter; although this is an application for admis-
sion either as a State or Territory, by the memo-
rialists preferring a State, but willing to receive a
territorial government, and submitting the question
to Congress which of the two they will grant. I
would suggest, therefore, to the Senator from Flor-
ida, that this does not seem to be a case upon-
which he could obtain a fair decision of the Senate
upon the question as to which is the appropriate
committee for a State bill; but I have* no doubt
that in a very few days we shall have an opportu-
nity to test that question, in the case of the bill
for admitting California into the Union, unaccom-
panied with a territorial aspect. I would there-
fore suggest that he postpone his motion on that
point to that time. However, I will leave it en-
tirely with him.
Mr. YULEE. I understood the constitution
and form of government proposed by the people
of Deseret, and which was adopted, to be that pre-
sented by the Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS, (in his seat.) Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. It of course has reference to
application for admission into the Union. The
subject was deemed to be of sufficient importance
at the last session to elicit a very elaborate discus-
sion, which lasted, I think, for one or two days;
and a formal decision of the Senate was made upon
the question. So far as the policy of a territorial
organization for Deseret is concerned, the resolu-
tion which has been laid upon the table this morn-
ing by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote}
will enable the Senate to decide upon that question
before and in anticipation of the Comrhntee on
Territories. The policy upon which the Senate
may settle will be determined by the vote on that
resolution when it comes up. I take it, then that,
