1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
June 11,
regiment armed as lancers, would be a proper ad-
dition to the permanent organization of the army,
on the peace establishment, and would be the
most effective force that we could have for the
protection of the frontier.
Mr. RUSK. I am satisfied that this is clearly
an expense for nothing. The advantages which
the honorable Senator from Mississippi supposes
would result from it are not commensurate in my
opinion with the expense. When we seek to en-
list men they will certainly much more readily
enlist for horse than for foot service. But here
there will be no guarantee. They, will be enlisted
in the infantry, and at the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War or the. President they may or may not
be mounted. You could not, then, get the proper
materials, from the uncertainty as to what kind of
service they would perform. Now, so far as in-
fantry or mounted infantry are concerned, on the
frontiers of the country they are worse than use-
less. I speak from experience, and I say that they
are worse than useless. They operate as no de-
fence to the frontier and as a temptation to the In-
dians. The business of these prairie Indians is to
rob, steal, plunder, and scalp. You place, then,
in their neighborhood a garrison of infantry, who
must necessarily have some kind of property about
the garrison. The Indians are first-rate horsemen;
they are tempted there because they know the in-
fantry cannot pursue them. They are tempted, in
the first place, to these places in the hope of plun-
der, which they carry back to their tribe as an
evidence of chivalry and bravery; and, in the sec-
ond place, if they can catch a careless soldier about
the infantry establishment they scalp him, and
carry back his scalp as a mark of great honor and
bravery, and dance over it with their tribe. It is
utterly impossible for the infantry to follow them,
and there is a great necessity of a mounted force of
a most active character. As I have before had oc-
casion to state, the people of Santa Fe are worse
protected r.ow and the Indians commit more depre-
dations than ever before; and what is the reason ?
The reason is, that the temptation to commit these
depredations is greater. Travelers are passing
through an unprotected country, and they cannot
resist the temptation to attack these unguarded
travelers for the sake of plunder. Some places on
the frontiers of Texas are suffering worse than
they have ever done before, and the reason of it is
the unguarded condition of the country and the
riumber of emigrants passing to California by land.
Under these circumstances, in my opinion, we are
adopting a method totally inadequate to the neces-
sity of the case. The expense of one or two regi-
ments on the frontier should be nothing compared
with the absolute obligation which rests on the
Government to protect it. You cannot stop the
travel to California or the settlement on the fron-
tiers of Texas and in New Mexico, and it becomes
therefore the imperative duty of Congress to pro-
tect them. And, sir, if this state of things is al-
lowed to continue for two or three years, the whole
tribes will join in these warlike depredations, and
what might now be preyented by the expenditure
of a few thousand dollars will cost millions here-
after. I hope, therefore, the amendment will be
rejected; and at the proper time I will introduce a
bill to increase the cavalry of the army.
Mr. HUNTER. I have listened with some at-
tention to the gentlemen who have discussed this
bill, who are both gentlemen of great military ex-
perience ; and although I do not profess to know
much about such matters, yet I think I see that
the question lies in a nut-shell, A bill has passed
the Senate to increase the army one-third. An
amendment has been put in by the House, which
is designed to make that increase of one-third
cover both the increase of the infantry and of the
cavalry. The Senator from Texas wishes to
strike ^Jfit the amendment of the House which
confines the increase of both arms of the service
within certain limits, because he wishes to increase
the army not only by one-third in infantry, but
also to raise an additional force ofcavalry; thus ma-
king the increase greater than the House is willing
to sanction, and greater than the Senate is willing
to authorize, unless there was a greater necessity
for it than has yet been shown.
Mr. RUSK. VJill the Senator allow me to
intei rupt him ? The bill makes the increase of the
army discretionary in the President of the United
States. If, after the passage of the bill, it is not
deemed necessary to increase the infantry of the
It is perfectly
army, be can increase the cavalry.
discretionary.
Mr, HUNTER. The bill, with the proposed
amendment, imposes this limit on the discretion of
the President, that he shall not increase the army
more than about one-third in mounted cavalry as
well as infantry. But if the amendment is reject-
ed, he may then not only increase the army one-
third, but he may also raise such an additional
force of cavalry as the Senator from Texas may
induce Congress to sanction. Now, I think the
increase of one-third enough for'a first step. I
think the argument of the Senator from Missis-
sippi is conclusive, that the additional forces raised
in the West, on the guarrantee that they are to
serve on horseback, will secure as good dragoons
as if they were raised for the cavalry service spe-
cially. I can see no difference between the two
propositions, except that in the one case the entire
increase is limited to one-third of the present
army, whilst in the other the increase may be much
greater, should the President sanction it in the ex-
ercise of the discretion which it is proposed to
give him. I think one-third enough, and I shall
therefore vote for the amendment of the House.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to trouble the Senate
again, but this is a matter in which I have more feel-
ing than if it were a mere matter of economy, or
of the discretion of the President. We are far
from these dangers of Indian depredations, and it
is difficult for us, when examining political econ-
omy, to realize the position in which the frontier
is placed, where every night the women and
children lie down with the expectation of hearing
the war-whoop of savages before morning. Indian
depredations are committed all along the frontier,
from the mouth to the head of the Rio Grande-.
Murders are committed by the InsMarts on emi-
grants on their way to California, and the Presi-
dent of the United States is called upon, day after
day, by petitions, to protect them. And what
power has he to do it? Are we to limit his dis-
cretion in a matter of this description ? He is a
soldier himself, and has been on the frontier, and
will know what increase is needed for its protec-
tion. The treaty obligations which we have in-
curred to Mexico are every day violated, and the
President has not the means in his power to pre-
vent it. Sir, these things may do very well here;
they may do very well away from the frontier;
but when I know that the frontier is bleeding
everywhere, that it is in a worse condition, so far
as Texas is concerned, than it was before annexa-
tion; when I know that these depredations are
bein°- committed constantly, and that tribe after
tribe3of the Prairie Indians are joining in them,
and that Mexican captives are constantly being
taken by the Indians residing in the territories of
the United States, in violation of the treaty; when
I know all this, I do think that it does not become
us to be arguing concerning the discretion of the
President of the United States. It is his duty to
defend the frontier, and to carry out the provisions
of the treaty, and to put a stop to the scalping of
women and children along the frontier, and_it is
our high duty to afford him the means to do it, in-
stead of discussing economy and the propriety of
limiting his discretion.
Mr. HUNTER. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Texas as to the obligation which
rests on us, to raise force enough to defend the
frontier, but the whole question is, how much is
enough ? He might use, with as much propriety,
the same argument against me, if*I was opposing
a proposition to raise 40,000 or 50,000 troops, as
in the present instance, bccause the whole ques-
tion is as to the amount of increase which may be
necessary, and not as to the obligation and duty
of defending the frontier, which we all acknowl-
edge. Yes, sir, the question is. how many troops
are required for that purpose. I take it for granted
that this bill was framed and the amendment of-
fered at the suggestion of the War Department,
particularly charged with the subject, and if they
think this force enough, I am bound so to consider
it, unless I know more of the subject than I do.
I am no military man, and I do not profess to have
a particular knowledge of the subject, nor was I
arguing this a3 a question of Executive discretion—
I am arguing as to what is a sufficient number to be
raised, to enable the Executive to perform its duty,
and I take its own testimony as the best evidence
within my reach. I do not want to raise more
troops than enough, and I understand that this is
the quantity which the War Department desires,
and has asked for the defence of the frontier. If
it should be shown that this is not enough to pro-
tect the frontier, then I admit the .obligation that
would rest on me to vote for more, and I would
do it; but I believe that -the proposed increase is
enough, and therefore I shall vote for the amend-
m Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
wish to make a few additional remarks before the
question is put to vote. The Senator from Vir-
ginia has properly said that this is not a question
whether or not we shall perform our duty of pro-
tecting the frontier. That has been done by all
the means at the command of .tbe Secretary of
War, and the employment of r^gers m addition
to the troops he had at his command. In his
report for this year, the Secretary asks for the ad-
dition granted to him in this bill, and throws out
. '       1. I « na A/I KlT SI fYl & tl fl •
~ suggestion, which is carried out by the amend-
ment of the House, that authority should be given
to mount a certain portion of the infantry. That
is done to a certain extent usually on the frontier
stations. It is done either by hiring or by keeping
horses to furnish escorts, and for other detached
service. The question to be decided in the amend-
ment is, not whether the infantry ride, if tempora-
rily mounted, as well as the Indians, but whether
a force oro-anized as recommended by the becre-
tarv of War can act efficiently against the Indians.
I believe they can. I believe that white men,
mounted upon our horses, can catch and control
these much-vaunted horsemen, the wild riders of
the prairie. And this is not a vague opinion. I
recollect when my venerable friend behind me
FMr Dodge, of Wisconsin,] commanded a regi-
ment in which I held an h.umble post, he pursued
the Camanches, followed them from day to day
till he overtook them, with a force much smaller
than their own; and when by treachery they es-
caped and fled, he pursued and caught them again,
and compelled them to come to terms of peace.
Colonel Dodge's men had been but recently
enlisted; they had undergone little cavalry instruc-
tion; they were just such men as would be enlisted
in this instance. There were many of those men
brought from the East, from New York, and Penn-
sylvania, wholly unaccustomed to the frontier;
thev had not been accustomed to ride from their
vouth< They were not selected from western re-
cruits, which is the proposition of the Secretary
of War. But the Senator from Texas mistakes
mv purpose. It is not a measure of economy with
me. I repeat that I objected to it; and, among
other reasons, because I believe it will be more
expensive than regularly-mounted men. I believe
it will cost far more money than a regularly-
organized corps, on account of the great waste of
horses and equipments which will-result from their
irregular employment by this infantry acting as
mounted men. I am in favor of the creation of a
mounted regiment. I prefer that now to the
mounting of infantry; but I do not think this plan
so utterly obnoxious as stated by the Senator from
Texas. These men, thus enlisted, and thus
equipped and mounted, can, 1 he'>®Ye> ^a™e l!?e
terror of those predatory Indians which infest the
borders of Texas. Our race is superior to theirs;
our horses are superior to theirs; we are their
superiors in every way. As to the skill and horse-
manship of the wild men on their little grass-bred
horses, it is nothing when brought face to face with
our own race, riding our own horses ar.d bearing
the weapons which a skilful ordnance corps iur-
nish to our troops.
I will say to the Senator from Texas that there is
no one who sympathizes with him more, and few,
if any, more willing: to remove the difficulties en-
countered on his frontier. I am rendy> and hav®
been anxious to organize a mounted corps of
light cavalry and lancers-the organization which
I believe peculiarly adapted to that service. This
is not my plan. I do not favor it, or advocate it
as a measure of economy. It has some advantage,
and I thought it due to the Secretary of War,
when such strong grounds were taken against his
recommendation, that I should state what there
is in favor of it. It was an act of candor and ol
justice due from me as chairman of the Committee
on M ilitary Affairs to the Secretary's plan, although
I never approved it. But, sir, we are reduced to
this point: shall we reject the amendment, and be-
tween the two Houses lose the whole bill.' Shall
we deprive the frontier of the advantage which
