1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
this bill gives it, and stake all on the hazard of
raisin? a cavalry corps? I consider it a very
imminent hazard. I agree with the Senator from
Texas as to its necessity, and will unite with
him in any efforts he may make to accomplish it.
But, I tell him now, I believe he will fail. I do not
expect the two Houses of Congress to incur ex-
pense for a greater increase of the army, or for its
increase on a plan other than that recommended
by the President and the Secretary of War. I
uiust say that I think something is due to those
functionaries. I thinkthat the individual placed at
the head of a department to execute particular
duties, should be allowed to a great extent to se-
lect the means for the execution of those duties.
For this reason Iihave felt disposed from the begin-
ningf to concede a great deal to the recommendation
of the Secretary of War, and to adopt his plan a3 t
far as my judgment would allow. I objected to this, !
however, not merely for the reasons stated by the
Senator from Texas, but because I think ndestroys
the unity and perfection of the organization of the
army. I object to it, not for the reason stated by
the Senator from Virginia, but because it gives
too much discretion. I think we should pass
laws which dec;are what we mean, and not turn
over the law, half made, to be finished at the dis-
cretion of the Executive. We should, if we want
cavalry, say so, and how many. 1 object to this
partition of the legislative power; and it is merely
on the score of necessity, uagent necessity for the
protection of this frontier, which the Senator from
Texas describes as now bleeding from the assaults
of predatory bands of Indians, that 1 agree to the
bill. I believe the necessity to be great and imme-
diate, and that this is the only plan by which we
can provide for it at this session.
Mr. RUSK. I am bound to believe, sir, that
the remedy is as bad as the disease. If you mount
infantry, unaccustomed to horses, and to serve on
horseback, you increase the cupidity of the In-
dians by sending these horses among them under
the control of men who cannot and do not know
how to take care of them. It is increasing the cu-
pidity of the Indians, by sending among them the
very kind of property which they desire to steal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Let me turn the
attention of the Senator to the recommendation of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. RUSK. The recommendation to which
the Senator has pointed me, is to increase the reg-
ular force as that bill does increase it. And I de-
fer to the President of the United States and his
recommendation, to that extent, and I am very
willing to vote for it. That is discretionary with
him. The Senator from Virginia seems not will-
ing to trust him with that discretion. My object
is to have an increase of the regular cavalry, of
those who can render efficient service on the fron-
tier. The amendment proposes to mount the in-
fantry, and substitute them for cavalry. I have
had some experience with this sort of force. In
the first place they cannot take care of their horses,
or they will not take care of them, and then it'em-
ployed they are useless. To put one upon a
horse, or to give him a horse, is nothing more than
to hold out a stronger temptation to the Indians to
come and steal. My object is to put more^ force
on the frontier, but I think this is totally inade-
quate, and worse than none at all. v
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and there were—yeas 24, nays 18.
So the amendment was concurred in, and the
Secretary of the Senate was ordered to inform the
House of Representatives thereof.
POST OFFICE REPORT.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the mo-
tion submitted by Mr. Upham on the 7th instant,
to print 5,000 copies in addition to the usual num-
ber of the report of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads on the bill to reduce the
rates of postage; and the motion was agreed to.
PATENT IA.WS.
Mr. TURNEY. As the hour for the consider-
ation of the special order, namely, the bill to
amend an act to promote the progress of the use-
ful arts, is past, I move that its consideration be
postponed till half past eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to amend
the motion by striking out half-past eleven, and
inserting twelve o'clock.
The amendment was not agreed to. _
The question then recurrcd on the original mo-
tion, and the subject was postponed to half-past
eleven o'clock to-morrow.
COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the mo-
tion, made on the 14th. day of May last, to recon-
sider the vote agreeing to a reported amendment
to the resolution to compensate William G. Col-
lins, P. Cr. Washington, ami others, submitted
16th January last.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state to the Sen-
ate that the committee reported in favor of a com-
pensation to these gentlemen at the rate of about
$12 per day. Considering the salary they were
drawing, the original resolution makes the com-
pensation about §16 per day. The amendment
which the committee make to the original resolu-
tion makes the compensation not quite §12 per day.
We thought that enough, and 1 theielore hope
that the motion to reconsider will not prevail, but
that the resolution wi)' pass as it came from the
committee.
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to raise a debate
upon this resolution which may interfere with its
passage, and therefore I hesitate about pressing a
reconsideration. But I was not present when ttie
resolution was under consideration before. I ask
the Senate, therefore, to indulge me m giving my
views upon it. I consider that there is a personal
obligation on me to seek to have justice done to
these gentlemen, whatever that may be. This
work was devolved upon them at my instance, as
chairman of the Committee of Claims, at a former
Congress. It was done by order of the Senate of
the United States, to relieve the Committee of
Claims from a duty which they are wholly un-
able to discharge. I have looked into the amount
of work which was done, and the manner m whicii
it was performed, and when I presented this reso-
lution to pay what is proposed, and which has been
cut down by the present Committee of Claims, I
did it after a great deal of examination of the work
done by them; and I declared at the time, and be-
fore I had consulted thein, but after having con-
sulted with my colleague and one or two other
gentlemen, that I believed I had placed it at a rate
too low as a proper compensation for that work.
I placed it at that low rate because I wished to take
away all objection to the passage of the resolution.
I understand the Senator from Kentucky to state
that the amendment which has been made by the
committee allows a rate of compensation of about
twelve or thirteen dollars per day for their labor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, it is not quite twelve
dollars. . ,
Mr. MASON. Not quite twelve dollars. And
in making that estimate he has allowed compensa-
tion only for the time actually employed in the
examination of documents, and making compila-
tions, which by no means embraces all the time
they were employed. They were for a consider-
aole time sedulously employed in searching for
documents and hunting them up, and ot miking
selections of such as they needed before they com-
menced the examination of the papers. If you
confine them to the time actually employed in ma-
king calculations, you will cut them off from a large
proportion of the time for which they are entitled
to pay. This examination occupied many months,
and a number of hours each day through these
months, when they were entitled to remuneration
as officers of the Government. It was work de-
volved upon them by the Senate, because they
were acquainted with it, instead of being devolved
on strangers to the Government. I shall be grati-
fied if the amendment can beieconsidered, and the
original resolution adopted.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I do not know
what amount of time the committee has allowed
to these gentlemen; but I know it is true, as the
Senator from Virginia has stated, that their labors
commenced immediately after their appointment;
that they began to examine papers, and make
preparation for future work immediately; and that
they were incessantly engaged till the work was
accomplished. I apprehend they are as well en-
titled to pay for their services in preparing for th is
work, afterwards to be accomplished, as for the
work itself. They performed services which were
highly meritorious and necessary, and I think the
amount of compensation proposed by the Senator
from Virginia is not at all too great, or scarcely
equal to their services, and I would be glad if the
motion to reconsider should prevail. I hope it will.
Mr. HUNTER. I only desire to say a word
or two, for I krow that if we continue debate we
may kill the resolution itself. I happened not to
be in my seat when the Senator from Kentofcky
made his motion to amend this resolution. I did
not then hear his reasons for it. 1 think he says
the compensation which he proposes will be some
ten or twelve dollars per day. These gentlemen
were engaged something like six months in the
investigation of papers and documents preliminary
to the actual settlement. I read on a former occa-
sion a letter from the late Secretary at War, who
fixed the compensation at $1,200, and another
from the late Comptroller, who fixed it at $1,000.
I moved the adoption of the lowest sum. I have
a letter from the present Comptroller, (Mr. Whit-
tlesey,) who testifies as to the great amount of
labor performed. It is an important and an im-
mense labor, and I believe this sum will scarcely
be an adequate compensation. I hope the Senate
will consider this testimony, and will pass the
claim. I cannot see how the Senator from Ken-
tucky makes the compensation amount to twelve
dollars a day. They were employed a longer time
than he has estimated, I think. One, or both of
them, had to go to Norfolk, in Virginia, to exam-
ine the books of the bank there, antl ascertain the
claims of that bank. I believe that the principle-
upon which allowances have been made hereto-
fore, has been to give them compensation in pro-
portion to the salary which they receive, and the
time occupied in the work. Under the application
of that principle, I think the &uin which I propose
of $1,000 is not an extravagant one, and would be
less than they would receive under that rule.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The facts are all very
simple and plain, and I only purpose to state them
to the Senate. These gentlemen received salaries
at the rate of $3,000 a year. The committee pro-
posed to allow them in addition at the rate of
$100 per month, making $4,200 for the year. We
thought that enough. The time employed was
then the only thing to determine.' If we ascer-
tained the time correctly, we thought §4,200 a
year would be enough to compensate them for the
service rendered. As to the time, there can be no
difficulty. The report shows the time. The re-
port states upon its face that they advertised, and
requested the parties interested in the claims to
meet on the fifth or sixth of October, when they
would commence the investigation of these claims
before the parties, and before their attorneys.
The day was fixed to commence, and then the
date when the report was made shows when the
investigation terminated. We then have the
commencement of the service shown by the adver-
tisement, and the termination of the service ac-
cording to the report; and so the committee fixed
the time; there can be no dispute about it. My
friends on the other side say that they rendered
service before the day arrived which is fixed in
the advertisement as the time when they were to
commence investigation, and that they rendered
service from the date of the adoption of the reso-
lution, which I think was the ninth of August..
The advertisement shows that the investigation
was to commence about the sixth of October, a
difference of something like two months in time.
For the purpose of ascertaining what services were
rendered between the ninth of August and sixth
of October, I asked one of the commissioners,
"what did you do?" His answer was, they
hunted up the papers; they collected the papers.
That is ail I could asceitain that they did before
the day of investigation arrived.
These claims have been before Congress for
twenty years, I believe, and there has been inves-
tigation after investigation; or at least as my friend
well knows, time after time the claims have been
here, and all the papers were in the hands of one
old gentleman, so far as one party was concerned.
Well, it would not have taken a day to get these
papeis together. We then pay for the services
rendered by the officers of the banks, as a separate
charge entirely. If we make this allowance, it
seems to me it is enough. These are the facts, at
all events.
Mr. WHITCOMB. .1 made a mistake in the
few remarks I made when this subject was up be-
fore, which I feel bound now to explain. I then
said that it had been the common practice of Con-
gress to refer cases of this very kind to the account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department, to be
settled on principles of equity, i never heard of
