88
TlfflU CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 81,
force now employed in the collection' of the reve-
nue. That reduction must result in a very serious
detriment to the public service. Under these cir-
cumstances, it will be seen that the subject presses
itself forcibly upon .the attention of Congress; and
with a view of relieving the Treasury Department
from the embarrassment which must ensue, I ask
leave now to introduce a joint resolution which
will suspend the operation of that law; until it can
receive the consideration of Congress, t propose,
by this resolution, not to repeal the provision, but
merely to suspend,its,operation for the present, in
order that the subject may receive due considera-
tion, and that it may be ascertained whether the
expenditure for the collection of the revenue can
be brought within that limit. The resolution,
which 1 aslt leave to introduce, provides, therefore,
for a suspension of that provision in the law of
March last to the close of the present session of
Congress, unless Congress in the mean time should
act definitely on the subject. Sir, under these
circumstances, I feel bound to ask the indulgence
of the Senate to introduce the resolution, and to
introduce it now, for the purpose of reference
merely, in order that the subject, which is obvi-
ously of deep importance, and one which requires
immediate action, may be brought at once under
the notice of the appropriate committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
do not propose to object to the introduction of the
resolution, nor am I willing that my consent to
the introduction shall be taken as a waiver of any
objection I have to its object. The reduction of
the expense of collecting the revenue has been con-
sidered for several years, and has been postponed
from year to year, being constantly alluded to as
a thing to be brought about until it was finally
fixed by law. The expenses seem to have be£n
extraordinary, and 1 am now disposed to adhere
to what was deliberately adopted. I however
make no objection to the introduction of the reso-
lution.
The joint resolution, suspending for a limited
time the limitation upon the expense of collecting
the revenue from customs, was then read a firsi
and second time by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant to
the State of Arkansas the public lands remaining
unsold in that State; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce bills with
the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of the American Colonization
Society;
A bill for the relief of Alexander R. McKee and
Johnson Price;
A bjll for the relief of Theodore Ofiutt;
A bill for the relief of Charles Reader and Wal-
ter R, Johnson, and the legal representatives of
Thomas P. Jones;
All of which were severally read a first and sec-
ond time by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BRADBURY gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce a bill for the establishment of a Board
of Commissioners for the investigation of claims
against the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or the first favorable opportunity there-
after, ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill providing for an additional term of the
United States circuit and district courts at Chicago,
in the district of Illinois.
A bill granting the right of way and making a
donation of land to the State of Illinois, in aid of
the construction of the Cential Railroad.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, introduce a res-
olution proposing an amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as follows:
Strike out of the first clause, 3d section, 1st article, Con-
stitution of the United States, the words, « chosen by the
legislature tliereol," and insert, "elected by the people
theieof."
_ Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce bills with the
following titles:
A bill to increase the efficiency of the army by
a retired list of disabled officers, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill to grant the right of way and a donation
of land to aid in the extension or the Mississippi
and Alabama railroad from Brandon, in Missis-
sippi, towards Montgomery, in Alabama.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of a bill making
appropriations for the removal of obstructions to
the navigation of Hurlgate, in the harbor of New
York.
Mr. JONES gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to set apart
a portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Dubuque to Keokuk, in the
State of Iowa.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
memorial of the heirs of Kosciusko, reported fa-
vorably thereto.
.On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business, and
.after some time so spent, the doors were reopened,
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 31, 1849.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
The Standing Committees, provided for by the
Rules, the appointment of which was ordered on
Thursday last by resolution, were, upon the read-
ing of the Journal this morning, announced, as
follows:
Committee of Elections.—Messrs. William Strong
ofPenn., Sampson W. Harris of Ala., John Van
Dyke of N. J., David T. Disney of Ohio, John
B. Thompson of Ky., Isham G. Harris of Tenn.,
Edward W. McGaughey of la., William S. Ashe
of N. C., and George R. Andrews ofN. Y.
Committee of Ways andMeans.—Messrs. Thomas
H. Bayly of Va., Jacob Thompson of Miss.,
Samuel F. Vinton of Ohio, James S. Green of
Mo., Robert Toombs of Ga., Harry Hibbard of
N. H., William Duer of N. Y., George W. Jones
of Tenn., and Moses Hampton ofPenn.
Committee of Claims.—Messrs. John R. J. Daniel
of N. C., James H. Thomas of Tenn., Joseph M.
Root of Ohio, David Wilmot of Penn., William
Nelson of N. Y., David Hubbard of Ala., Finis
E. McLean of Ky., Cyrus L. Dunham of la., and
Thomas B. Butler of Conn.
Committee on Commerce.—Messrs. Robert M.
McLane of Md., John Wentworth of III., Joseph
Grinnell of Mass., Kinsley S. Bingham of Mich.,
Alexander H. Stephens of Ga., William F. Col-
cock of S. C., J. Phillips Phcenix of N. Y., Charles
Stetson of Me., and Charles M. Conrad of La.
Committee on Public Lands.—Messrs. James B.
Bowlin of Mo., John H. Harmanson of La., A.
H. Shepperd of N. C., Nathaniel Albertson of la.,
Edward D. Baker of 111., W. R. W. Cobb of
Ala., James Brooks of N. Y., Moses Hoagland of
Ohio, and William Henry of Vt.
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.—
Messrs. Emery D. Potter of Ohio, John S. Phelps
of Mo., Thomas McKissock of N. Y., Winfield
S. Featherston of Miss., William Hebard of Vt.,
Richard H. Stanton of Ky., William J. Alston of'
Ala., Paulus Powell of Va., and Charles Durkee
of Wis.
Committee for the District of Columbia.—Messrs.
Albert G. Brown of Miss., Samuel W. Inge of
Ala., John L. Taylor of Ohio, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, of Me., Jeremiah Morton of Va., Edward
Hammond of Md., Charles Allen of Mass., C. H.
Williams of Tenn., and Walter Underhill of N. Y.
Committee on the Judiciary.—Messrs. James
Thompson of Pa., John K. Miller of Ohio, George
Ashmun of Mass., Richard K. Meade of Va.,
Charles S. Morehead ofKy., Preston King ofN.
Y., Abraham W. Venable of N. C., Thaddeus
Stevens of Pa., and Marshall[J. Wellborn of Ga.
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs.
Cullen Sawtelle of Maine, Jonathan D. Morris of
Ohio, William A. Newell of N. J., William V.
N. Bay of Mo., Chester Butler ofPenn., John S.
Millson of Va., Rufus K. Goodenow of Maine,
William McWillie of Miss., and John B. Kerr of
Md.
Committee on Public Expenditures.—Messrs. An-
drew Johnson of Tenn., William H. Bissell of
111., Harmon S. Conger of N. Y., Andrew J. Har-
lan of la.,-Richard I. Bowie of Md., Charles
Sweetser of Ohio, Joseph P. Caldwell of N. C.,
Walter Booth of Conn., and Samuel Calvin of
Penn.
Committee on Private Land Claims.—Messrs.
Isaac E. Morse ef La., William J. Brown of la.,
David Rumsey of New York, Alfred Gilmore of
Penn., Lewis D. Campbell of Ohio, Thomas L.
Harris of 111., Humphrey Marshall of Ky , Wil-
liam A. Whittlesey of Ohio, and Josiah M. An-
derson of Tenn.
Committee on Manufactures.—Messrs. Lucius B.st
Peck of Vt., Franklin W. Bowdon of Ala., John
W. Houston of Del., Chauncey F. Cleveland of
Conn., Daniel Breck of Ky., Thomas Ross of
Penn., Robert L. Rose of N. Y., James L. Orr of
S. C., and Allen F. Owen of Ga.
Committee on Agriculture.—Messrs. Nathaniel
S. Littlefield of Me., Edmund Deberry of N. C.,
Elijah Risley of N. Y., Fayette McMullen of Va.,
Timothy R. Young of 111., Joseph Casey ofPenn.,
Richard H. Stanton ofKy., Henry Bennett of N.
Y., and Joseph Cable of Ohio.
Committee on Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Robert
W. Johnson of Ark., Williard P. Hall of Mo.,
John Crowell of Ohio, James X. McLanahan of
Penn., David Outlaw of N. C., Thomos C. Hack-
ett of Ga., David A. Bokee of N. Y., Volney E.
Howard of Texas, and William Spragueof Mich.
Committee on Military Affaii s.—Messrs. Armis-
tead Burtof S. C., W. A. Richardson of III., James
Wilson fof N. H., George A, Caldwell of Ky.,
Alexander Evans of Md., David K. Cartter of
Ohio, John A. King of N. Y., Andrew Ewing of
Tenn., and Joseph R. Chandler ofPenn.
Committee on the Militia.—Messrs. Charles H.
Peaslee ofN. H., John H. Savage of Tenn., Geo.
G. Kmg of R\ I., James Duane Doty of Wis.,
Henry D. Moore of Penn., George Briggs of N.'
Y., John Robbins of Pen''., William Thompson
of Iowa, and James Meacham of Vt.
Committee on J\laval Affairs.—Messrs. Frederick
P. Stanton of Tenn., Thomas S. Bocock of Va.,
Robert C. Schenck of Ohio, Emilie La Sere of La.,
Hugh White of N. Y., Elbridge Gerry of Maine,
E. Carrington Cabell of Florida, John McQueen
of S. C., and Lewis C. Levin of Pa.
Committee on Foreign Affairs.—Messrs. John A.
McClernand. of III., James McDowell of Va.,
Robert C. Winthrop of Mass., Hugh A. Haral-
son of Ga., Henry W. Hilliard of Ala., Joseph
A. Woodward ofS. C., Edward Siarily ofN. C.,
Alexander W. Buel of Mich., and Elbridge G.
Spaulding of N. Y.
Committee on the Territories.—Messrs. Linn
Boyd ofKy., William A.Richardson of 111., Juli-
us Rockwell of Mass., James A. Seddon of Va.,
Thomas L. Clingman of N. C., David S. Kaufman
of Texas, Daniel Gott ofN. Y., Graham N. Fitch
of la., and Joshua R. Giddings of Ohio.
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs.
Loren P. Waldo of Conn., James M. H.Bealeof
Va., Peter H. Silvester of N. Y., Daniel Wallace
of S. C., John Freedley of Pa., Willis A. Gorman
of la., Nathan Evans of Ohio, Amos Tuck of N.
H., and William A. Sackett ofN. Y.
Committee on Invalid Pensions.—Messrs. Shep-
herd Leffler of Iowa, Edson B. Olds of Ohio,
Henry Nes of Pa., Thomas H. Averett of Va.,
Hiram Walden of N. Y., James L. Johnson of
Ky., Orsamus B. Matteson of N. Y., William T.
Hamilton of Md., and Andrew K. Hay of N. J.
Committee on Roads and Canals.—Messrs. John'
L. Robinson of la., Job Mann of Pa., James G.
King ofN. J., John C. Mason of Ky., Harvey
Putnam of N. Y., Richard Parker of Va., Amos
E. Wood of Ohio, Herman D. Gould of JN. Y.,
and John W. Howe of Pa.
Committee on Rules.—Messrs. David S. Kauf-
man of Texas, George W. Jones ofTenn., Samuel
F. Vinton of Ohio, William Strong of Pa., Alex-
ander H. Stephens of Ga., John S. Phelps of Mo.,
George Ashmun of Mass., Nathaniel S. Littlefield
of Me., and Edward W. McGaughey of la.
Committee on Patents.—Messrs. Hiram Walden
ofN. Y., John Otis of Me., William T. Hamilton
of Md., Albert G. Watkins ofTenn., and Andrew
J. Harlan of la.
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.—
Messrs. Franklin W. Bowdon of Ala., Henry A.
Edmundson of Va., John W. Houston of Del.,
Timothy R. Young of 111., and Gideon Reynolds
ofN.Y.
