1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2183
provision that Congress should assent to the meas-
ures not inconsistent with the principles of the
Confederation, and necessary for the preservation
of the public peace and good order amon  the
settlers in any of said new States, until they should
assume a temporary government, was put in by
amendment. And further than this the Congress
did not go; and no one proposed to go further.
It proposed no legislative enactments such as
the ordinance of '87 contained. The latter pro-
vided for a course of decents; for the mode of con-
veying: property. In a wojrd, it provided to someex-
tent a code of laws. The former did nothing of
the sort; but it authorized the people to be affected
by them to adopt the Jaws of any of the original
States. The first ordinance was adopted when
the Congress was in its full vigor, and when it
contained the first men in the nation. The last
when it was expiring, and when most of the
statesmen enjoying the public confidence were in
the superior body, the Convention sitting to frame
the Constitution. Mr. Jefferson left Congress in
1784, and had nothing to do with the ordinance of
J87
In 1785, Mr. King, of Massachusetts, moved
to append the slavery prohibition to the ordinance
of the year before; and although it was committed,
(against the vote of the southern States,) nothing
more was heard of it. In 1787, the proposition
again came up, and the ordinance of that year
was adopted. As adopted, it was a compromise.
It no longer covered the whole territory of the
United States, as well northwest as southwest of
the Ohio, but it was confined to the territory
northwest of that river; the southern point of
which was north of the thirty-seventh degree of
noith latitude, and the main limits of which were
still north of that. And it contained a provision
for the surrender of fugitive slaves. This latter
provision, which was not contained in the articles
of Confederation, and the restriction of the appli-
cation of the slavery prohibition to the Northwest-
ern Territory, bounded on the south by the Ohio,
was the compromise.
In the Convention which framed the Constitu-
tion the compromises on the subject of slavery are
too well known to admit of a comment.
In the Missouri compromise, the line of demar-
cation between the North and the South was
moved south to 36° 3U' of north latitude.
In the Texas annexation resolutions it was ex-
tended to territory to which it did not apply in
terms—to territory acquired after its adoption,
its application in that instance was made on the
motion of a northern, or rather a western man, [Mr.
Douglas,] and it was willingly acquiesced m by
the Souih.
Thus has this question, on all former occasions
in our history, been settled upon principles of mu-
tual concession and harmony. In that spirit lam
willing to act now. But the course which I shall
ultimately take will depend upoft the spirit in
which 1 am met upon this point by others.
The hammer fell.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment. i
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, renewed it.
Mr. S. said, he had renqpved the amendment for
the purpose of making a few remarks in reply to
those submitted yesterday by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] and, (continued Mr. S.,)
1 shall make those remarks, as the gentleman
knows, in a spirit of friendship, and at the same
time in that earnest spirit 
Mr. VAN DYKE interposed to a question of
order. He understood, he said, that thegentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had renewed the
amendment of thegentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] for the purpose of making some remarks
in reply to remarks by thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] yesterday. Now he, (Mr. V. D.)
submitted that the gentleman must speak to the
amendment, and only to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, thegentleman would
confine his remarks to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming ) Undoubtedly,
sir, { shall confine my remarks to the amendment.
This amendment proposes a stipulation—an agree-
ment, so far as any agreement or stipulation can
be made by act of Congress—that States to be
hereafter organized in the territory south of 3G°
30' shall be admitted into the Union whether they
adopt slavery as one of their institutions or not.
But, says thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr.Cart-
ter,] the time for bargaining is gone by, because
the people of the Territory—the people of the so-
called State of California, have decided the ques-
tion for themselves. Who authorized them to de-
cide it? Upon the same principle, the question was
decided some months before by the people of
Deseret; and how can the gentleman give valid-
ity to the doings of the settlers on the coast of the
Pacific, and refuse a similar validity to the doings
of settlers upon territories in the interior? If
the settlers on the Pacific had the right to usurp
whatsoever power they chose, and to organize
into a State government territory sufficient tor an
empire, why does the gentleman refuse to an-
other people, as respectable in all particulars, and,
so far as we know, as numerous, a similar privi-
lege to incorporate an equal extent of territory
into a State government? But neither the one nor
the other had the right to do this without the
assent of the Congress of the Untied States.
A few days ago, in some remarks which i had the
honor to make, I said that I believed it to be the
duty of the Government of the United States to
assert its supremacy over this territory—that it
was a high and important principle—a principle
pregnant with momentous^onsequences. And I
say that it is indispensable to the harmony, the
welfare, and the progress of the Government, and,
above all, to the union of the States, if that union
is to be preserved, that this principle should be
maintained in its purity and supremacy; that it
is not in the power of any number of people, who
may choose to squat down upon the public do-
main to erect themselves into a State government
at their own Will and pleasure, without the as.sent
of the Federal Government, which is but the organ
and representative of the several States of the
Union. The time for bargaining, the gentleman
says, has passed. No, sir, it has not passed.
Now is the time, and the only time, when the insti-
tutions of this territory can be legally and constitu-
tionally settled, it ought to be settled by the in-
tervention of the General Government for the
purpose of bringing about non-intervention, and in
order to remove those illegal and unconstitutional
embarrassments which have been thrown in the
way by the action of the Executive Department of
this Government. It is indispensable that the
Federal Government should perform this duty, in
order that the southern States shall not feel that, in
the settlement of this question, their rights have
been disregarded and trampled upon. There can be
no doubt of the power of this Government to disband
this -pseudo government of California. There can
be no doubt of the power of this Government to
this pseudo government of California. There can
be no doubt of the power of this Government to
remand that territory to the condition of dependence
which properiy, legally, ^nd constitutionally be-
longs to it, until such time as Congress shail ex-
press their will that a different character shall be
given to it.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MORSE said he would renew the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom Virginia, though he
would have preferred greatly to speak upon an
amendment of his own; but lest some over-scrupu-
lous gentleman should raise a question of order on
him he would speak upon the amendment before
the committee; but inorder that they nughtunder-
stand the application of his remaiks, he would
state it. It was in these words, in the nature of a
proviso. As it seems that this Congress deem it to
be their duty to regulate the customs, munneis and
social relation of the people of the territory, I
desire to have'inserted in a suitable place in the bill j
the following words:
" Proivleily That neither abolitionism, anti-re,ilhm) azrari-
ani>in, L'*oui u.riMii, oi Sociali.-tn,shall in the satd St.Up
orTt'iritnty, except as a punishment lor cnni<>, whereof the
party shall have b.^en duly med ami convicted by a jury."
No attentive observer of the debates for the last
six months, unless willfully blind, or stricken
with judicial blindness, which seems to imply
some most terrible obliquity of vision, I say, no
one can doubt that the South have nothing to hope
from the overwhelming majority of this body,
either that the securities and guaranties of the
Constitution will be respected, or that any conces-
sions will be made by a relentless majority, upon
any subject connected in any manner with slave-
ry; but while we have nothing to expect from
the North by appealing to the Constitution, or to
the generosity of a stronger power, 1 hope to be
able to show, in a speech, of which these few re-
marks are only the skeleton, if C am not too
much occupied to write it out, and the unfortu-
nate controversy is not satisfactorily settled be-
fore the adjournment, that this jealousy and vin-
dictive hostility againstthe South emanate from 4
morbid feeling which exists, and is now embo-
died in the terms expressed in the proviso. I
propose to insert: That this~ "vote-yourself-a-
farmparty," and all these isms arise from a feeling
of envy and dislike. This sentiment "does not
relish the idea that a southern gentleman should
have a slave to wait upon htm, while they have
to wait upon themselves. And as soon as they
have destroyed our property in slaves, they will
fall upon you, gentlemen of the North; and I
am surprised to see my friends from New York,
your millionaires, "Messrs. I&ing, Phoanix &. Co.,"
lending yourselves to carry forward this war
against us. Do you not know that when we are
destroyed they will fall upon you ? What right
have you to have more than one house r and what
right bave you to ride in carriages, when your
neighbor has to go on foot? You hold your
horses and carriages and houses by the same' ten-
ure we hold our slaves, and by no other; and if
you lend yourself to give efficiency to this senti-
ment, it must necessarily turn upon you. Recol-
lect, that by pandering to this feeling you cultivate
the doctrine, which I see foreshadowed in some of
your northern papers, that between the stout
hearts and strong arms of the mob, and your wives
and daughters, there is butathin pane of glass, and
if this feeling cannot be arrested when it operates
as between the white and black races, whose su-
periority seems to be universally admitted on
our side, you can hardly check u when the con-
test is between the effeminate, wealthy few, and
the numerous, powerful, and starving many.
Mr. M. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following as an
amendment, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Green:
<;Proi-i<i(v7,That the, snidStfi seeiion and cnmpromil§there
in contained, slidli nor he considered as having any force or
validity a* law, but shall depend for its efficiency, only on
public opinion."
A Member. What does that mean?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain. But, before
I proceed to do so, I will take the liberty to re-
mark, that it is offered to he voted on in good faith.
Now that the general debate, and the hour speehes
have stopped, I hope the voting will really begin.
I have taken no part in the long, long discussion
that has been going on, because I have all along
preferred action to talk. 1 was as ready four months
ago to vote for the admission of California as I
am to day-—ready to welcome her to take her place
; among the States?, just as she stands there with
| her boundaries declared, and her .free constitution*
| in her hand; and then to vote upon other questions
i and subjects proper for legislation as they should
I arise, whether connected with the existing contro-
j versy about slavery in which we are engaged, or
I with other matters of public interest and demanding
i ourattention. ltisforthisreasonlhavenotspoken:
! and I give notice now, that anyamendment which
I may think proper to offer, during the further
pendency of this bill in committee, will be pro-
posed not merely to hang a speech on, but for the
more practical purpose of obtaining a vote. I
shall not be drawn in to take any part in this game
of consuming time*, and I shall therefore neither
borrow any other gentieman'samendm^nt, norlend
one of my own; but, as far as 1 know how, labor
faithfully to bring this business to a conclusion.
And now as to my amendment. I propose it,
Mr. Chairman, in order that Congress and the
country may clearly understand just what it is
that gentlemen from the South offer us, or consider
themselves as offering us, when they present an ex-
tension of the " Missouri compromise line," as a
basis for the settlement of this vexed question.
The amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Green] is an offer to extend and establish
that line to the Pacific. What does he mean by
that? What is the understanding of many, if not
of all, of those who will unite with him in that
offer ? Let us see what the Missouri compromise
is. It is contained in the 8ih section of the act of
March 6, 1820, 41 to authorize the people of the
Territory of Missouri to form a constitution and
State government," &c. I hold that law in my
hands, and will read its exact terms:
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all that terri-
