1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
tory ceded by Franc? to the United States, under the name
of Louisiana, which lies north of 36° 30' north latitude, not
included within the limits of the State contemplated by this
acr, -l.iveryand involuntary servitude, otherwise than in the
punishment of crimes whereof the parties shall have been
duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby, foreves-prohibited."
Now, sir, what does that language mean? fa
it not the very provision of the ordinance of 1787?
13 it not what you have nicknamed theWilmot
proviso itself, applied to all that territory north of
36° 30'? Yes, sir, just what you have denounced
as the "odious," the " infamous," the <c defunct
Wilmot proviso ?'5 And that you say is unconsti-
tutional. You totally deny the right of Congress
to legislate on the subject of slavery in the terri-
tories. You say that there is no power to exclude
slavery from any territory; and yet you propose
to reenact, in express terms, its exclusion from a
portion of the territory now in question. How
do you reconcile such palpable inconsistency? The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Green] himself,
when he moved this compromise, explained his
own understanding of it, and its effect; and that I
am bound to believe is the understanding of other
southern gentlemen who sustain it. He says that
he does pot regard it as being a constitutional
enactment,—as having any force of itself; but it
would be assented to, it would be acquiesced in,
it would be supported by public opinion. Sir,
that is the reason, and the whole reason and sense
of my amendment It is a strange thing to talk of
a settlement of a grave question and difficulty
which must depend for Us permanency upon what
may prove a fluctuating public opinion; but I
would have southern gentlemen, when they offer
a proposition of compromise, put it into just such
shape of expression as will indicate what they
mean and intend. I believe in this constitutional
power to legislate as to slavery in the territories.
I believe in that ordinance of 1787, and in the con-
stitutionality of the act of Congress by which that
ordinance was affirmed. Whatever the expedi-
ency of the Missouri compromise, when it was
passed in 1820, I, for one, have no doubt of the
entire legality of the eighth section of that act, by
which slavery was excluded from a portion of the
territory then in question, any more than I would
doubt if the exclusion had been general in its ap-
plication, instead of limited as it was. It is not,
therefore, because I think your Missouri compro-
mise, your Wilmot proviso—either north or south
of 36° 30'—would not be law, that I offer thus to
amend; but 1 would have gentlemen put their
propositions in a shape which will express just
what they intend. I am moving to make ,the dec-
laration in the speech of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Green] a part of his amendment, that
they may ail go together. In one breath, southern
gentlemen offer a compromise; in another breath
" they admit that what they offer can have no bind-
ing force. Let their proposals, then, take that form.
Let them be made to say upon its face, that that
is what they understand and mean by it. Let
them not come here with that which
" IOrps the wor J of piomise to the ear
And bieaks it to the hope."
I would help them to give the true form and
meaning, as they themselves avow it, to the com-
promise they offer, and then it will be time enough
for us to determine whether it shall be accepted or
not.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Would you
vote for it with that understanding?
Mr.SCHENCK. 1 would not. I will vote
for my amendment, so as to exhibit, as i said,
what vnu mean by, and what you think of, your
own offer. But my amendment prevailing, I am
read y to admit that I would still vote against your
" M issouri compromise line."
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his amendment?
Mr.SCHENCK. 1 must decline to do so. As
I said in the commencement of my remarks, I
will ne'ther horrow nor lend.
Mr. HILLIARD suggested to the Chair, as a
point of order, that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio was not in order, because it did
not propose to perfect the paragraph which the
gentleman from Massachusetts proposed to strike
out, but it added substantive, distinct matter to
that paragraph.
Mr. KAUFMAN raised the point, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio was not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilliard] has already made the point
of o*der.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I do not make the point on
the same ground.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
is in order.
Mr. WOODWARD. If it is in order, I move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. There is already'an amend-
ment to an amendment. An amendment in the
third decree will not be m order.
Mr. SEDDON. I submit to the Chair, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is clearly
out of order; and on this grouod, that it proposes
to render the operation of a law dependent upon
public opinion; that it is in itself an absurdity,
and an inconsistency utterly at war with the pur-
poses of legislation. A proviso which is repug-
nant to the law, is null and void.
Mr. PRESTON KING called the gentleman
from Virginia to order.
The CHAIRMAN called to order.
Mr. SEDDON. I am stating a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN, (to Mr. Seddon.). The
Chair called the committee to order, not the gen-
tleman.
Mr. PRESTON KING. The Chair has de-
cided that the amendment is in order; can the
point of order be repeated against it, without an
appeal, and debated ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair considers the
amendment now pending m order. The Cha*r
proceeded to state the question, and the grounds
of his decision. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Ashmun,] he said, had proposed to
strike out a part of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, and the proposition to amend
that part proposed to be striken out, was in order.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then my amendment to
the amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to respond
affirmatively.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, by 
Mr. STEPHENS (interposing) rose to a point
of order. He submitted to the Chair that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] was not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK objected to Mr. Stephens's
debating his point of order.
Mr. STEPHENS said he did not intend to de-
bate it, though he should like to do so. He had
a right to have a clause of the Manual read, and
he asked the Cleik to read from the 65th page of
the Manual, which is as follows:
" In like manner, if an amendment be moved to an amend-
ment, it admitted. But it would not be admitted jii an-
other degree, to wil: to amend an amendment to an amend-
ment of a M. Q.., (mam qutstion.) This would lead to too
much ernhatiasMueut. The line mu>t Ik, drawn somewhere,
and usasre has drawn it after the amendment to the amend-
ment. The same result mu>t be thought by deciding again*!
the amendment to the amendment, and then moving it again
ab u was \vi>hed to be amended. In tins lorin it becomes
only an amendment to an amendment."
Now, (said Mr. S.,) the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio is an amendment either
to the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] which is an amend-
ment to the amendment submitted by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] or, it is an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri. If it is considered in the latter
light it is out of order, because the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, being first
moved, has precedence, and should be first put; and
if it is considered in the former light,it is an amend-
ment in the third degree, and is out of order, under
the rule laid down in the Manual, as just read.
For these reasons, (Mr. S. said,) he should ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair. The ruling
of the committee yesterday, on the amendment of
the gentleman from Vngima, [Mr. Bayly,] was
clearly wrong. When an amendment was pend-
ing to an amendment, no other motion lo amend,
either the main question or the first amendment of-
fered, was in order.
The CHAIRMAN said, in the opinion of the
Chair, the question of order raised by the gentle-
man from Georgia came too late, inasmuch as
the committee had submitted to the decision of the
Chair recognizing the right of the gentleman from
Ohio, to make the motion he had made.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. Ste-
phens and the Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN, in order (he said) to ob-
viate any difficulty, entertained the appeal.
Mr. HARALSON said he had a point of order
which he wished to make, which should be enter-
tained prior to that of his colleague, [Mr. Ste-
phens.] If he understood correctly.the state of
the case, there had been no decision made upon
the point of order raised, by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Seddon;] that the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio was not in order, inas-
much as the idea of a law dependent upon public
opinion for its validity, was absurd. He (Mr.
H.) held, also, that the amendment was not in
older, as being irrelevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
is in order.
Mr. HARALSON was understood to say, that
he proposed to take an appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia, on the left, [Mr. Stephens,] has already
taken an appeal.
Mr. SCHENCK said his amendment was a
proposed addition to the proviso in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, which the
gentleman from Massachusetts had moved to
strike out.
The CHAIRMAN said the appeal was not de-
batable.
Mr. DUER said he was quite ignorant of the
state of the question, as he believed many of the
committee were. He wished, before the question
was put upon the appeal, that the Chair would
state, in their order, what questions were now
pending befoie ihe committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will er\deavor
to do so, that the committee may understand the
questions on the appeal. The gentleman "from
Missouri [Mr. Green] proposed to amend the
original bill; the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Asiimun,] on yesterday, submitted a motion
to strike out one of the provisions contained in
that amendment; amotion was made to amend,
by improving, as it was contended, the matter
proposed to be stricken out. On yesterday, the
Chair decided that it was in order to perfect the
proposition proposed to be stricken out. The com-
mittee overruled the decision of the Chair. After-
wards, however, upon another appeal, the Chair
was sustained in that decision, which is, that it is
competent for the committee to perfect or amend
the matter proposed to be stricken out before the
vote is taken on striking out. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] proposed to amend, by
an addition to the matter proposed to be strick-
en out. The Chuir has decided that the motion
is in order. If the committee will indulge the
Chair, the.Chair will suggest the propriety of the
Clerk reading firm the proviso proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts to be stricken out,
and then the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
These propositions were read accordingly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled yester-
day that, it was in ord|f to amend by way of per-
fecting the matter proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts to be stricken out and perfecting
it: that decision, was yesterday on the last appeal,
sustained by the committee. The Chair has made
the same decision to-day; and from that decision
the gentleman from Georgia appeals.
Mi. STEPHENS. 1 have no doubt hut the de-
cision of the Chair yesterday was wrong.
Mr. SCHENCK stated that he proposed to
have his amendment come in after the word
" adopted " jn the eighteenth line of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committeer" was
taken and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment of Mr. Schenck was decided
to be in order.
■" And the question being on its adoption—
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend it by
striking out the word " opinion," and inserting the
words good faith."
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a point of order. I
rise for the purpose of Qlfering an amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to an amendment which
takes precedence of the amendment of the gentle-
