THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR TttlS SESSION'.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 14, 1850.
New Series No. 75.
man from South Carolina, and also of the gentle-
man from Ohio. The amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio'has the effect of doing away altogether
with the amendment of thegemFeman from Missou-
ri; and it is the same as if it declared that that
amendment should be stricken out from the words
** Beit enacted" &c. I understand that thedCcisioft
of the Chair is, that it is in order to receive an
amendment to improve the amendment of thegen-
tleman from Missouri; and that, under that deci-
sion, the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
is ruled to be in order, which, if adopted, will have
the effect of completely abrogating the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MEADE inquired, in case the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio were agreed to, if an^
further amendment to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri would be in order? Inas-
much as the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio would completely repeal and abrogate the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri, no
amendment which might hereafter be offered would
have any force whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. If an amendment be pro-
posed inconsistent with the one already agreed to,
that fact will constitute fit ground for its rejection
by the committee, but it is not competent for the
Chair to rule it out on that ground.
Mr. MEADE repeated, that the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, if adopted, would be a
virtual abrogation of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, and that being the case, every
other amendment offered to the amendment of the
gentleman from iMissouri would be nugatory, in-
asmuch as soon as adopted it would be immedi-
ately repealed by the force of the proviso of the
gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not for the Chair to
decide upon the consistency of amendments.
Mr. WOODWARD. Is the debate between
the gentleman from Virginia and the Chair in or-
der ?
The CHAIRMAN. Out of order.
Mr. "WOODWARD, (continuing.) If it is not,
I call you both to order, (laughter,) and I insist
upon tne point of order.
Mr. W. renewed his amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, to strike out
therein the word "opinion," and insert in lieu
thereof the words li good faith."
He was proceeding to reply to Mr. Schenck,
and to give his views of the Missouri compromise,
when he was called to order by
Mr. MATTESON, who said that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
was the pending- question.
Mr. WOODWARD said he had offered an
amendment, and he stated its purport.
* Mr. MATTESON repeated, that he understood
that the' amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
{Mr. Schenck] wasnow pending.
Mr. WOODWARD. I offered an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
{Mr. Schenck,] which was accepted by the Chair-
man.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from South Carolina had offered an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. McCLERNAND raised the point, that the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
fMr. Woodward] was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN (very indistinctly heard)
gtsked the q-uestioft, and' said that, upon further
reflection, the Chair was of opinion that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Woodward] was not in order.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Tuck, of
New Hampshire, and Thompson, of Pennsylvania
were appointed.
Mr. STRONG asked for the reading of the
amendment. *
Objection having been made, the amendment
was not again read.
75
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 70, noes 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ASHMUN. After what I consider 
The CHAIRMAN, (interposing.) The gen-
tleman will suspend his remarks until order is re-
stored. Gentlemen are requested to resume their
seats.
Mr. ASHMUN, (after a pause.) I understood
the Chair to say this morning, that if I withdrew
my amendment, the proposition which had been
offered by the gentleman from Virginia would fall
with it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot hear a
word the gentleman says.
Mr. ASHMUN. If I withdraw my amendment
is any other amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman with-
draws his amendment, thequestioti will then recur
on the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Green,] there being no other amend-
ment.
Mr. ASHMUN. In view of what I consider
the very erroneous and absurd action 
Calls to order
Mr. ASHMUN, (continuing.) Of the committee,
[laughter,} I withdraw my amendment.
So the amendment of Mr. Ashmun was with-
drawn.
Mr. HILLIARD. I move the following amend-
ment:
Strike out all after the word " provided" in Mr.
Greene's amendment, and insert, " That the said
State shall embrace within its limits all the terri-
tory acquired from Mexico known as Upper Cali-
fornia, lying north of the parallel of 36° 30' north
latitude."
Mr. HILLIARD (in explanation) said, it would
be perceived that his amendment was widely dif-
ferent from that offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Green.] That gentleman pro-
posed to cut off from California all the territory
lying south of the parallel of 36° 30' north lati-
tude, and to leave the eastern boundary as it is
fixed by the constitution of that State. He (Mr.
H.) proposed to fix the southern boundary of the
new State of California at the parallel Of 36° 30'
north latitude, and stretch its eastern boundary so
as to embrace the whole territory acquired from
Mexico lying north of that parallel within its limits.
He had offered this amendment in good faith.
Its advantages were striking. If adopted, he
should he ready to vote for the admittance of Cal-
ifornia into the Union.
The proposition to admit a State into the Union
was one thing, and the proposition to fix its
boundaries was quite another thing. The State
of California, as it was presented to us to-day,
covers the whole Pacific coast, extending along it,
he supposed, for more than seven hundred miles.
He much preferred to exchange Utah, as it is
called, for southern California. When he had
heretofore insisted upon fixingthe southern bound-
ary of California at that line, it had been said that
it would merely increase the number of non-slave-
holding States, as the country lying south of that
line was unsuited to slave labor. By his plan it
would be perceived that the number of States pro-
posed to be admitted into the Union would not be
increased. The shape of California would be
altered, but he supposed that the size of the State
would not be materially enlarged. The whole
southern country would no doubt acquiesce in this
southern boundary for California, and it was im-
portant to guide the legislation of Congress in re-
gard to this great question so as to secure the
tranquility of the country.
Besides this, by giving to the new State of Cal-
ifornia all the territory known as Upper California,
north of the line of 36^ 30', we should escape the
difficulty of legislating for the inhabitants of the
territory called Utah. lie did not suppose that
we could ever consent to admit the Mormons into
this Union as the people of a distinct State. Was
it to be supposed that we should allow the inhab-
itants of Utah to organize a State government, and
<ionie irito the tTnioft'?—to send a Representative
to this Hall, and two Senators to the other Cham-
ber, to take part in our deliberations, and sitting
side by side with Senators from Massachusetts,
from New York, from Virginia, from Georgia,
to determine, by their votes, the destiny of this
great country ? The State of Utah! When coQ'ld
it become a State ? Was it to be left in its present
condition till its population entitled it to come xVi
jj as a State ? When would that be? But by cutting
1 off from California the territory lying south of 36°
30', and by stretching its eastern boundary so as
to touch New Mexico, you would at once wel-
come a State into the Union, and leave South Cal-
ifornia and New Mexico to grow in population,
in commerce, and in wealth, and form at some
future day respectable and prosperous States.
Why should not this be done ? Why allow a
single State to seize and appropriate some ten de-
grees of latitude upon the Pacific, when its limit's
might be so advantageously changed, and an ad-
justment effected which would secure such import-
ant benefits to the whole country?
He should at some future time press his Amend-
ment to a vote, and he trusted it would meet (h6
approbation of the committee, as the plan, in his
judgment, possessed great merit.
Mr. SEDDON moved as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Green,] to insert after the word " extend," in
the 12th line, the words " as previous to the ac-
quisition of California, it was justly expected to
be extended;" making the whole read, the Mis-
souri line is hereby declared as previous to the
acquisifion it was justly expected to be extended
to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. HALL raised the point of order on the
amendment.
The CHAIR overruled it.
Mr. HALL, appealed from the decision of th6
Chuir.
The committee sustained the decision of the
Chair. So the amendment was' declared to be iti
order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire (6
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr Seodon.] If he will accept it, I will vote for
his amendment with a great deal o'f pleasure. I
ask that my amendment may be read for informa-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
general consent.
Objection was made.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Seddon—
Mr S. said: As I expect, Mr. Chairman, to
propose several amendments to this bill, I may as
well say, once for all, that I shall bring forward
none that do not aim, bona fide, either to improve
the bill, or to illustrate a principle on which we
should act in adopting or rejecting it. The amend-
ment offered, I conceive, does both. It would
justify the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri'[Mr. Green] by the assignment of a strong
reason for its adoption, and serves to illustrate one
firm ground of tire claim of the South for the
adoption of the Missouri compromise line. Sir,
in its original adoption, that line was intended, and
has since been recognized as practically a parti-
tion between the slaveholding and non-s'avehold-
ing States of the territory of the Union, to the
uttermost extent of its western limits. That, sir,
created a just expectation that when the territories
of the Union were extended, particularly under a
then existing claim, as was the case with Oretron,
that line, as originally contemplated, would' go
with them, even to the Pacific. Such, sjr, tfas
the result, practically by the President's recogni-
tion of the Missouri line, as to that territory.
When Texas was annexed, the same line was
again recognized and incorporated into the com-
pact of annexation. That justified the expecta-
tion that, in the acquisition of new territory, the
same principle of partition -would be adhered to,'
and carried out.
But, sir, the gentleman from Tenrtessee, [MY.
Gentry,] who addressed the committee a few days'
since, strangely enough contended, that before the
