92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
should be passed in conformity with the prayer of
these petitions.
They were so referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Mr. W. also presented thirteen petitions from
citizens of Massachusetts, asking that corporal
punishment may be abolished in the navy; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. W. also presented a petition of citizens of
Baltimore, asking that the spirit-ration in the navy
may be abolished; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. W. also presented a petition of citizens of
Falmouth, Massachusetts, for repairing the harbor
at Woodhole, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
In presenting this memorial, Mr. W. observed :
I take occasion to say that I have some knowledge
of the locality, and I believe that some appropria-
tion is essentially necessary for the purpose here
stated.
Mr. DOWNS presented the proceedings of a
meeting of members of the bar of the 9th and 10th
Judicial Districts in the State of Louisiana, in
favor of certain alterations of the act of March 3d,
1849, creating a Western District of the United
States Court for that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of citizens of
the parishes of Union and Claiborne, Louisiana,
saking the establishment of a mail route from
Farmersville to Homer, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and [
Post Roads.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Eli R. W.
Ross, asking the confirmation of his title to a
tract of land "in the State of Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Morgan
0. Ross, asking the confirmation of his title to a
tract of land; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Charles C.
Henderson and William T. Remington, heirs of
James L. Henderson, asking confirmation of their
title to a tract of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. D. also presented a petition of inhabitants
of the parish of Morehouse, Louisiana, asking
confirmation of their titles to the lands now occu-
pied and cultivated by them; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of John
Leroy, an express rider in the Mexican war, ask-
ing to be allowed a pension in consideration of a
wound received while in the discharge of his duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of Harriet
Pearce, widow of Dutee J. Pearce, asking that the
suit against the estate of her late husband may be
discontinued; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. G. also presented several memorials, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citizens
of New York, asking the establishment of a branch
mint of the United States in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD desired to ask leave to introduce
a bill of which he had given notice.
Mr. KING. I hope the gentleman will permit
memorials to be got through with before bills are
introduced. That is the ordinary course.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I have the honor to
present also a variety of petitions from mercantile
and shipping houses in the city of Baltimore, one
having 237 names appended to it, praying for the
abolition of the use of intoxicating liquors in the
navy of the United States. I submit also a peti-
tion from certain mercantile houses in the city of
Baltimore, signed by 250 names, praying for the
abolition of flogging in the naval service of the
United States. I move the same reference, and
take this occasion to express my concurrence in
the sentiments expressed by the Senator from
Massachusetts in relation to this subject, and to
say that, in my judgment, whoever is allowed the
privilege of administering intoxicating liquors to
others daily, and of inflicting upon them corporal
chastisement for offences, has it in his power to
exercise over them the control that a master exer-
cises over his slave. I do not believe it necessary
that such a relation should be established either in
the army or the navy; and since it has been some-
times said that the practice of flogging in the navy
must be iontinued because no substitute has been
found for it, I beg leave to say, and your own re-
collection, Mr. President, will bear witness to the
fact, that in the penitentiary system in the State
of New York the practice of corporal punishment
has been abolished, and that discipline has been
maintained with as much success with regard to
labor and moral conduct as when corporal punish-
ment prevailed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial of
the heirs of William Beatty, an officer in the revo-
lutionary war, praying to be allowed commutation
PaY- . .
Mr. Underwood observed: These memorialists
represent themselves to be the heirs-at-law of
Capt. Wm. Beatty, who entered the public service
in the spring of 1776 as an officer in the revolu-
tionary army, and continued in the service until
killed in battle in the State of South Corolina on
the 25th of April, 1781, prior to the passage of the
resolution of October, of that year, promising half
pay to the widows of officers and soldiers who
were killed in service. These memorialists also
represent that this officer was unmarried, and died
without leaving any children, and they think it
just that some compensation should be made to his
heirs for his five years' service, and for losing his
life in fighting the battles of the Revolution.
THE MORMONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to present
the memorial of William Smith and Isaac Sheen,
representing themselves to be the legitimate Presi-
dents of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints, and also twelve members of that
church. They say in this memorial that they be-
long to that church or sect which is more com-
monly known by the denomination of Mormons;
and they represent that prior to the emigration of
this people from Nauvoo, in the State of Illinois,
fifteen hundred of them took the following oath:
" You do solemnly swear in the presence of Al-
mighty God, his holy angels, and these witnesses,
that you will avenge the blood of Joseph Smith
upon this nation, and so teach your children, and
that you will from this day henceforth and forever
begin and carry out hostility against this nation,
and keep the samea profound secret now and ever.
So help you God."
They further represent that this people, now
settled near the great Salt Lake, have in their prac-
tice and by their institutions tolerated polygamy.
They charge upon them various offences and
crimes, and they call on the authorities of the
nation to establish a system of government by
which the perpetration of those crimes and offen-
ces may be prevented.
Since I received this memorial 1 saw in a news-
paper what I will read to the Senate.
[The substance of the paragraph read by Mr.
Underwood (the reporter being unable to obtain
a copy) was, that two Indian agents, whose names
were therein stated, had been seized and subjected
to trial by the Mormons upon a charge of having
been instrumental m driving them from the State
of Missouri, and were only cleared in consequence
of being able to prove that they had not partici-
pated in that act. It also charged the Mormons
with having imposed duties upon all goods im-
ported into the Salt Lake region* from the United
States.]
If there be any truth in what I have just read,
it will be seen that these people are about to carry
out the intention of the oath taken at Nauvoo.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him, for I did not hear his preliminary remarks,
whose memorial that is ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will state again, it is
the memorial of William Smith and Isaac Sheen,
who represent themselves to be Presidents of the
Chuich of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints,
and the legitimate successors of Joseph Smith; and
it is signed by twelve others, representing them-
selves to be members of said church.
Mr. MORTON. Where do these men live ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. They live in Covington,
Kentucky; at least the paper was mailed to me
from that place. I trust the memorial will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and that
some investigation, at all events, will take place
before that committee in regard to these charges.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Before the reference is made,
I feel it due that I should make a remark upon one
branch of the subject to which the Senator from
Kentucky has called the attention of the Senate. •
In regard to the memorial and the statements eon- .
tained in it, I know nothing; therefore I can give *'
no explanation in regard to them. But I had ob-
served in the newspapers the article which the •
Senator has read, and meeting with the delegate ■
who has been elected and sent here from the pro-
visional government of Deseret, being the govern-
ment which the Mormons at the Salt Lake have :
established for themselves, in the absence of any
action by Congress in their behalf, I asked Mr.
Babbit if he could give me any explanation as to
the facts as represented in that publication, and
whether the Mormons had assumed the right to
impose duties upon goods passing through the
valley of the Great Salt Lake. He stated to me
that this transaction was alleged to have occurred
since he left, but that this was what he understood
to be the state of the case: That these people, hav-
ing assembled in large numbers in the neighbor-
hood of the Salt Lake, with the intention of making
their permanent home there, found it necessary to
establish a government for their protection until
Congress should provide one for them; and they
found it necessary when they had established their
government to provide the means of raising reve-
nue for its support. The course adopted was to
impose duties on all goods brought in and sold
within the city of Salt Lake, whether by Mor-
mons or anti-Mormons, residents or non-residents, •
all being placed upon an equality. I asked Mr.
Babbit if this duty was imposed upon goods pass-
ing through, going beyond, and not to be vended '
in the city. He assured me it was not imposed
upon goods that were not sold in the city, and that
large quantities of goods, large caravans conveying
goods, had passed through without being molest-
ed. He assured me, furthermore, that these cara-
vans sold their goods outside of the limits of this
Mormon settlement without paying any such duty,
and that the duty was only imposed on those who '
retailed their goods inside of the city, and it was
merely for the purpose of providing revenue for
the support of the government they had estab-'
lished until Congress should provide one for them. >
This is the explanation which Mr. Babbit, a gen-
tleman elected by the provisional government, and
sent to represent them m the other end of this Cap-
itol, gave to me. 1 felt it due to the Senate, to the
country, and to these people, to make this expla-
nation, that it might go out with the statement of
the Senator from Kentucky. I know nothing of
the facts myself, but have given the authority upon
which I make the statement.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of Hall J. Kelley, asking to be allowed
a grant of land in the Territory of Oregon, in con-
sideration of services and sacrifices made in the
exploration and settlement of that country; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. moved that the memorial be printed;
which motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of Thomas
Arnold, and the memorial of the heirs of Nathan
Lunt, asking indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the heirs
of John Marrast, the heirs of John Smith, the
heirs of John Guion, and the legal representatives
of John M. Burt, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800.
Mr. K. observed that, as other gentlemen who
had presented memorials of a similar character,
had proposed that they should lie upon the table,
with a view to some ultimate decision as to the
manner in which they should be disposed of, he
would make the same motion in regard to these,
suggesting, at the same time, that he thought it
would be better that they should go to a select
! committee whenever the Senate shall think proper
! to refer them.
Mr. K. also presented the memorial of the eom-
I mittee of the Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama
Railroad Convention, asking the enactment of a law
granting to the Tennessee, Mississippi, and Ala-
bama Railroad Company the right of way through
the public lands, and the use of the timber and
other material on those lands for the construction
