1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
no treasure, but,like all other corporations, are des-
titute of both. He speaks the language of one who
believes in the omnipotence of majorities. They
have no blood, no chanty, no sympathy with the
minority. Power, mere power, is the tribunal to
which he refers for the arbitrament of this ques-
tion. Constitutional guaranties and provisions
disappear before the majestic touch of this mis-
taken impulse. Sir, he says that this Government
is no trustee for the States;—for whom, then, is it
a trustee'—to whom do the powers not granted be-
long:, which are deposited in the Senate and in
this House?—and to whom do the limitations of
power refer ? Sir, it is a trust in the strictest sense
in all matters held from the people, by a deed of
settlement made and delivered with due solemnity.
He says that they are trustees only for the people
of the territories and for their benefit. Sir, the
Constitution provides for territories as property,
and authorizes Congress to dispose of and make
all needful rules for their regulation. Sir, it is
convenient for gentlemen to claim powers, where
those powers are to inure to the benefit of their
constituencies, to seek the aid of the Government to
carry out their views, and deny that action when
it inures to the benefit of others. Gentlemen talk
about nationality, and deny that there is a common
interest in the States. Before his new system,
the common doctrine of common interest and
patriotic feelings which caused the soldiers of the
several States to mingle in the dangers of the
battle-field, is all gammon. They were the soldiers
of the United States, says he, and not of those
bloodless, treasnreless States. This is the work
of the progress of this majority principle. It is
to concentrate a'l power here, and obliterate all
evidence of the existence of States or State-
rights. State sovereignty, and the interests of
States, and the people of the States in the territo-
ries, has become gas and gammon, to use his
words, and we are to look on, to see the Federal
Government form States out of territories, as
trustees of the sovereignty of the people of the
territories. If this be true, the President and his
Cabinet have executed the trust most satisfactorily
to the gentleman, by making, in the face of the
denial of Congress to organize territorial govern-
ments for California and New Mexico, a govern-
ment, this government of California, who now de-
mands admission as a State.
History will place before a candid posterity the
true position of this breach of faith. Fanaticism
may claim, insincerity may cover up with sophis-
try, injustice may resort to the power of a major-
ity to effect its purposes, but when another gener-
ation shall pass upon it, I do not envy those who
shall be tried by that impartial tribunal. It will
then be manifest that all that was valuable, all
that was lovely and interesting in our institutions
and our Government, were put to hazard by the
reckless injustice which appropriated the whole
domain for sectional purposes. The gentleman
asks, what sort of a mess will you make of the
territories? South Carolina, pays he, can go with
her institutions, and if slavery is a natural, a right-
ful institution, decreed by Heaven, you may go
there; and yet he proposes to exclude the
slaveholder from carrying his slaves. He limits
southern men to natural rights, and claims for his
constituents, those both natural and acquired. Sir,
no man can look upon the facts of this case and
doubt that the North has had all the benefit of the
Missouri line as long as they were in the minor-
ity, or as that question was doubtful. As soon as
the majority is clearly settled to be with the non-
elavehokiing states, the compromise is abandoned
and all the domain is claimed. Sir, I wish the
country to be informed as to these facts; to remem-
ber that all the vast domain north of the the Mis-
souri line, is forever gone to the South and that
now that line is to be disowned, because the South
may get some, even the smallest share. A distin-
guished Senator [Mr. Clay,] said a few days
since that the Missouri compromise gave quiet
and repose to the country. Why does he now
refuse to adopt the same expedient?
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, renewed it. He
thought there could be no question of the truth of
theprinciple on which theamendmentwas founded.
It was undoubtedly true, that the people of the
northern States had enjoyed the benefits on their
part of the Missouri compromise. It was un-
doubtedly untrue, that upon th® acquisition of this
territory the people of the South had no reason to
believe that the principle of excluding slavery
would be adopted by the Federal Government;
they had no reason to believe it, because it would
be unjust in itself and opposed to the Constitution
of the land. Whatever individual gentlemen might
have said, whatever threats might have been made
'from any quarter, the South had had no reason
to believe that so illegal, so unjust, and unconsti-
tutional an exclusion would be pursued or enacted
into a law. Besides this, in addition to the facts
mentioned by the gentleman from Virginia, various
distinguished men—Mr. Buchanan and others-
had declared themsehes in favor of the extension
of this line to the Pacific. It could not be forgotten
that in the Senate of the United States, when the
treaty was before that body, a proposition was
made to exclude slavery from the territory ac-
quired, and to incorporate that exclusion into the
treaty itself, it was rejected, and the treaty was
adopted without that exclusion. He therefore
maintained that the southern States had no reason
to believe that this exclusion would be adopted.
But the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,]
speaking of the position of southern gentlemen on
this floor at this time, and of their disposition to
control the people of California in the erection of
a State government; in other words, to control the
destinies of a people that belonged to the Union
in common,—called it the arrogance of legislation.
Now, he asked, what did the gentleman call the
conduct of the people of California? Looking to
their character, looking to the fact that there never
had been an enumeration of that people, looking to
the fact that hundreds of thousands who voted
for that constitution were mere sojourners, foreign-
ers, an amalgamation of all kinds of people, he
asVed the gentleman what he called their conduct ?
If he called the conduct of the Congress of the
United States in seeking to maintain the rights of
all the States, and perform the duties of this
Government—arrogance, what did he call the
conductor those people? If there was any term
to express more arrogance than arrogance itself,
more presumption than presumption itself, more
illegality than illegality itself, more unconstitu-
tionality than unconstitutionality itself,then he [Mr.
S.j would call that conduct by that name.. These
people had no right in point of law, in point of
justice, in point of policy, in point of any con-
sideration that was to be characterized by prudence,
or by right, to come here, and under these circum-
stances ask admittance into the Union of these
States. It was worse than arrogance to set up
such a claim. It was not true that any gentleman
on this floor sought to control the institution of a
State, infant or mature. California had none of
the characteristics of a State, either in its infancy
or maturity. It was something worse than a
bastard—it was an anomaly, without any legal
existence, but in its inception without authority
of law or of precedent. It had none of the. charac-
teristics of a State; and, therefore, in refusing ad-
mission into the Union to California at this time,
they did not seek to control the institutions of any
State—California not having the slightest shadow
of the authority or the characteristics of a State.
Now, the people of the southern States of this
Union had always stood upon the ground, and
they still stood upon the ground, that it was not
competent for the Federal Government to inter-
fere 
The five minutes here expired.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment. '
Mr. MILLSON. I renew the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee. I do so, because I
approve its provisions. In the few brief minutes
allowed me, I wish to show, that in the adjust-
ment of this controversy, it is not merely our right,
but our duty to adopt the principles of the Mis-
souri compromise. Sir, whcnce do we derive our
authority to legislate for the government of the
territories? It was insisted by Mr. ^Louis Mc-
Lane thirty years ago, and by other eminent states-
men also, that the power to establish government
for the territories was incident to the power to ac-
quire territory. But we should rather speak of
the duty, the obligation to govern the territories than
of our right or power to do so. The acquisition of
territory does not so much confer rights, as impose
obligations upon it. This Governmentcannot by
its own acts enlarge its own powers and jurisdiction.
These are forever fixed by the Constitution. It
is the seme case with the dutiea imposed. These
are imposed by the Constitution; for both the pow-
ers and duties of this Government are conferred
or imposed by theConstitution. Now, sir, will
any man, whatever he may think of the right or
pri vilege of Congress, go so far as to say, that the
Constitution makes it the duty of Congress to abol-
ish or exclude slavery ? I beg gentlemen to re-
member how this Constitution was formed. It was
established by eleven States, each aeting for itself,
and binding only itself. Neither North Carolina
nor Rhode Island had anything to do with the
original adoption of the Constitution, and neither
was a member of this Confederacy at the time of
the election of the first President. Of these eleven
States, ail but one or two were slaveholding States.
Can it be contended, then,,that these slaveholding
States meant to make it obligatory upon Congress
to abolish or exclude slavery from any territory
they might acquiie—to deny to themselves the
privilege of expanding their own population of
' every kind ?
! No, sir; they laid no such duty upon Congress.
; The duty imposed is simply to manage K. This
is a resulting duty. They must manage this prop-
erty as they would all other property belonging to
the United States, such as money, buildings, ships,
or anything else for the benefit of those whose
trustees and agents they are. Will any one main-
tain that Congress may deny to the people of the
slaveholding States all benefit of participation in
the revenues of the Government? in the public
buildings, arsenals and dock-yards of the Govern-
ment? or may refuse to distribute the public arms
to the people of the South, unless with a proviso
that neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
should be tolerated among them?
No, sir. I have said that the only duty imposed
upon Congress is to manage it. They must man-
age it as these States would themselves manage it.
They must give it up to be used by them, as they
would themselves use it. It is their duty to do
what they cannot but i.now the States would them-
selves have done at the time of forming the Con-
stitution, if their attention had been particularly
called to the subject. It is their duty to do what
the States would themselves do with this common
property now, in case of a peaceable separation by
common consent; that is, apportion it—make a
fair and equal division of it, according to the wants
and wishes of the parties for whose use it was ac-
q lired, and for whose benefit only it can be hefd.
Sir, this mode of partition, I admit, is not enjoined
hy the letter of the Constitution. That instru-
ment makes no express provision for the govern-
ment of the territories. It is a casus omissus: but
when we do undertake to establish governments,
it is easy to see what the spirit of the Constitution
requires; what the relations existing between the
States render just, and proper, and necessary;
what we, the trustees and agents of the people of
these States, are absolutely bound to do, in the
maintenance of those equal rights which it was
the object of the Constitution to secure. Give up
to the North its fair and proper share, to be en-
joyed as its people may prefer. Set apart for the
South such reasonable portion as may be adapted
to its use, and as the wants and exigencies of its
condition may require. Draw your line at
30', not because the Constitution indicates a line
of latitude as a line of limit to constitutional power,
but because it is a line established by that justice,
fairness, and equality upon winch theConstitution
itself is founded.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VINTON renewed the amendment, pro
forma. He said he had risen for the purpose
of making a single statement. The honorable
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Seddok] had stated
that it was the almost universal understanding in
this House, upon the acquisition of tins country,
that the Missouri compromise line should be ex-
tended over it, and
Mr. SEDDON interposed, and said a word of
explanation, which, from turning his back to the
reporter, was entirely lost.
Mr. VINTON, (resuming) said if hehad under-
stood the gentleman to say that before this coun-
try was acquired, it was thegeneral understanding
here that the Missouri compromise line should
extend over it. Now, that was followed up, as
a matter of course, not by a direct accusation, but
by an implication of bad faith on the part of the
free States. The committee had also heard the
same declaration from the gentlemaa from Ten-
