1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#-ยง
of their railroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HAMLIN presented memorials of the
heirs and legal representatives of Otis Little, of the
heirs of Mark Hatch, and of the executors of
James Crawford, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior .to 1800; which were ordered to
lie on the table. ^
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of members
of the bar of ;he southern district of Florida, and
of merchants at Key West, asking an increase of
the salary of the judge of the southern district of
Florida; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. TURNEY presented the petition of David
Gross, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
asking to be allowed a pension; which wag .re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of E. P. Has-
tings, asking compensation for services as pension
agent of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BADGER presented memorials of the legal
representatives of T. B. Hathaway and Stephen
Carpenter, and from the representative of Carring-
ton Simpkins, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. B. also submitted additional documents re-
lating to the claim of Lewis Warrington; which,
with his memorial on the Sles of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the
memorial of the heirs of John Cameron, asking
"indemnity for French spoliations prior to 180U;
which was ordeied to lie on the table.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of i
Thomas and Elizabeth Armstrong, heirs of Josiah
Fletcher, asking compensation for losses by dep-
redations committed on his property by hostile
Indians in the Creek war; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial of Benjamin
E. S. Ely, proposing for the consideration ot Con-
gress a plan for maintaining a military force in the
Territory of California; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
David McDuffie, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, asking an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. B. also presented the memorial of the heirs
of Edward Emerson, jr., asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of pub-
lishers of newspapers in the State of -Vermont,
asking that newspapers may be exempted from
postage within a limited distance from their places
of publication; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
William and John C. Ribber, asking compensa-
tion for a vessel lost while in the employ of the
United States as a transport during the Mexican
war; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorials of
the heirs of James Williams, the heirs of Thomas
W. Norman, and the heirs of the firm of Corring-
ham and Nesbit, late merchants, asking indemnity
for French spoliations; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. DODGE presented a memorial adopted at
a convention of the citizens of Central Iowa, held
at Iowa City, asking a grant of land to aid in the
construction of the Council Bluffs and Davenport
railroad; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE also presented two petitions of
citizens of Lee county, Iowa, asking an increase
of the pension of Isaac W. Griffith, a soldier in the
Mexican war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs and representa-
tives of I'.M. Butler be laken fiom the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered That the petitions, now on the files of the Sen- i
ate in the' several cases of Allen G. Johnson, A. H. Cole
John M. Mcintosh, and Isaac Barnes, sen., be severally re
len ed to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Ordered, That the documents on the files of the Senate,
relating to the claims of the heirs of James Ramsey, be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD remarked that this memo-
rial prays for compensation of the services of their
ancestor in connection with the invention of steam-
boats. He was, they say, the first individual on
earth who ever applied the power of steam to the
propelling of water-craft, and they refer to investi-
gations and experiments made by him in reference
to that subject on the Potomac in 1782 and 1783,
in one of which years, or perhaps as late as 1784,
he did actually propel a vessel by steam on the
Potomac, opposite Shepardstown, Virginia.
On motion by Mr. STEWART,
Ordered, That the petition of Calvm Read'ami the petition
of George W. Walter, on file in the Senate, be referred to
the Committee ot Claims.
Mr. STURGEON. At the close of the last ses-
sion of Congress I presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Burnes, an officer of the navy, wliich was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. Iam
informed by Mr. Burnes thathe thinks if he carries
the claim before the department, it will be settled
without the intervention of Congress. For that
reason I ask that the papers be withdrawn from
the files, in order that he may be enabled to carry
his claim before the department. It was so or-
dered.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON,
Ordered, That W. A. Campbell, surviving partner of Jo-
seph C. Watson, deceased, have leave to withdraw his
memorial and papers.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That George Poindexter have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the Senate the papers in relation to a railroad from the
Falls ot Oiiio nver to Alton, Illinois.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, reported in favor of the same; which report
was concurred in.
Mr. B.also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print a report of the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject of transfers
of appropriations, reported in favor of the same;
which report was concurred in.
Mr. B. further, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the motion to print 10,000 ex-
tra copies of the President's annual message and
accompanying documents, reported in favor of the
same; which report was concurred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print 20,000 extra
copies of the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the state of the Finances, report-
ed in favor of the same; which report was con-
curred in.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate copies of ail corre-
spondence that has taken place with [he Minister of Spain
in Washington, or the authorities of Cuba, or the Amencan
Consul at Havana, or others, concerning the abduction of
Rey, alias Garcia, irom New Orleans, by the Spanish Con-
sul at that poit, or by his procurement or connivance; to-
gether with the correspondence witn uie di-frict attorney of
the United States tor the eastern district of Louisiana, or
other officers of the Government in th.it State, and the in-
structions given touching this affair. AI*o, copies of all the
procrecimgs and testimony and arguments of counsel, if re-
ported to the Government, had and taken, relating to it, be-
fore Judge Bught and Commissioner Chew, and all the pro-
ceedings had, and reports made to the Government since
that examination; together with ali other documents, in-
structions, correspondence, and other papeis touching said
affair in possession of the Government.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making approp. i-
ations for the extinguishment ot the Indian title to that por-
tion of the Territory of Minnesota which lies west of the
Mississippi river; and also for the extinguishment of the In-
dian title to that portion of the Territory of Oregon which
ties between the summit of the Cascade Mountains and the
Pacific ocean; and also for the extinguishment of the Indian
title to that portion of California which lies between the
summit of the Sierra Nevada, or California Mountains, and
the ocean; and also for the extinguishment of th " Indian
title to the valley of the Great Salt Lake; and also for the
extinguishment of the Indian title to that poition of New
Mexico which lies east ofthe-summitof the Sierra Nevada,
or Rocky Mountains. And that said committee be further
instructed to iuquie into the expediency of laying off ahd
setting apart a portion of the territory of the United. States
as one or more Indian territories, within which the emigra-
ting Indians may permanently located and pVotecsedv
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following: resolu-
tion, which lies over: - '
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish the Senate with copies of all the papers,
letters, remonstrances, and recommendations now on file in
any of the departments relative to the removal or retention
in office of Jesse B. Clements, late marshal of the middle
district of Tennessee, and especially that he furttisfi copies
of the following, to wit:  
1. A letter from a portion of the members of the bar and
citizens of Nashville.
2. A letter from the judges of the Supreme Court of Ten-
nessee, which was also signed by Judge Maury.
3. A letter from Judges Catron and Brown, judges of the
circuit and district courts of the United States for the State
of Tennessee.
4. A letter from the grand and petit juries of the September
term 1849, of the circuit court holden at Nashville ; also the
letter of the foreman of the said grand jury.
5. Letters of S. D. Freersoo, Wm. P. Martin, Thomas S.
Brenford, one signed by Henry Allen and othersj Judge
Cabal; two letters written by ex-Governor N. S. Brown,
the first diieeted to Allen A. Hall, and the second to the
President of the United States; also'a letter of John S.
Brien to Secretary Ewmg.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail-route from Blownfleld, via Ottumwa and
Lancester, to Washington, m Iowa.
On motion by Mr. CASS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting to John Hinchell
the arrears of pension previous to the 7th of March, 1834.
On motion by Mr. CASS,
Resolved, That tile Committee on Pensions be instracletl
to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension to the
widow of l)r. Henry Lamcke, late a surgeon in the army of
the United States.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. YULEE gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, introduce
bills of the following titles:
A bill to reduce the price of the public lands
known as " pine barrens."
A bill to equalize the donations to the new
States for purposes of internal improvement.
A bill relinquishing to the State of Florida the
public lands within her limits, which are reported
to be impracticable of survey.
A bill to amend the several acts establishing
district courts of the United States in the State of
Florida, and to provide for writs of error and ap-
peal from said courts.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would on
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, introduce
a bill to divide the State of Arkansas into two
judicial districts.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice that he would on
some future day ask leave to introduce a bill to
prohibit the sale or farming out of offices.
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to cede the public lands to the
respective States in which they are located, upon
the condition that they be sold by said States to
actual occupajits only, in limited quantities, for
cost of transfer merely.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, introduce a
bill to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave
to introduce a bill to remove the obstructions to
i the navigation of the Mississippi river, at the Des
! Moines and Rock River rapids, in said river.
| Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention, at an
| early day, to ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish
j corporal punishment in the navy.
I 1 give notice thus early (said he) because every
session of Congress, since I have been a mem-
ber, complaints have been made by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs that they have not had time
to investigate the subject. I give notice thus
early in order that they may have sufficient time.
Complaints have also been made that no substitute
has been proposed. I do not propose any substi-
tute at all. The bill simply proposes to abolish
flogging in the navy, leaving to the wisdom of the
committee to devise a substitute.
Mr. FOOTE gave notice of his intention to ask
