1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
nessee, [Mr. Stanton.} So far from that being
the case, it was well known that this Wilmot pro-
• viso, as it was called, which was nothing more
nor less than a renewal of the old ordinance of
1787, was passed by a large majority in this
House. When the proposition of the President
of the United States for an appropriation to pur-
chase this country was brought in, at that time,
upon the vote of a large majority of this House,
it was declared that if any territory was purchased,
slavery should not enter into any part of it. In-
stead of its being understood by the House, that
the Missouri compromise line should be extended
to the Pacific ocean, there was a direct vote of the
House, as he had said, to the contrary. And he
undertook to say, that from that day down to the
date of the ratification of the treaty, there had
never been a time when such a vote would not
have been taken, if the House had been called
to act upon the question. Furthermore, after the
territory was acquired, a bill was brought into
the House to establish territorial governments,
and the "Wilmot proviso" was incorporated
into it by a vote of this House., We had, then,
the vote of this House, before the country was
acquired, and after it was acquired, that no portion
of this territory should be made slave territory.
He had thought proper to make these remarks, I
that it might not go out as an uncontradicted as-
sertion and a fact, that there was an understanding
that the Missouri compromise line should go to
the Pacifie ocean, and that they who opposed
the extension of that line were now acting in bad
faith. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, *o.f Mississippi, renewed
the amendment, and said that, so far as this ques-
tion was concerned, there had been but one under-
standing and one expectation in the South from
the beginning. This dispute had first come up
during the discussion on the annexation of Texas.
It was then that the North insisted that there
should be a renewal of that compact between the
two sections of the country, which had been sol-
emnly entered into in 1820, and which is known
as the Missouri compromise. The North de-
manded, and the South yielded in good faith. At
that time, the two allied questions were Oregon
and Texas. No sooner had Texas been annexed,
than it was required of us to establish a territorial
government for Oregon, all of which was situated
north of 36° 30'. With the understanding that, in
spirit, justice, and good faith, tins country was
covered by the Missouri compromise line even to
the shores of the Pacific ocean, he had voted for
this bill, even after the insertion of the proviso of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp.] So clear was the conviction on this sub-
ject, that many members from the South felt indif-
ferent about voting against its insertion, regarding
it as of no consequence. At that time we had no
territory which was not divided by this Missouri
compromise line.
Thus was this dividing line extended to the
Pacific ocean by the solemn action of this House.
Thus this country stood at the commencement of
the war with Mexico. After we had progressed
with that war for some time, and it became appa-
rent that the inevitable result of the war would be
an enlargement of our territory, then it was that
this Wilmot proviso made its appearance. It was
an after-thought, used by the enemies of the war
to embarrass our country's cause. He regarded
it, then, as one of the engines turned to draw off the
public from the prosecution of a war to the success
of which our honor was pledged. It was never
breathed till the country had gone so far that re-
treat was impossible without dishonor. These
attempts at warning them caine too late, and he
thought, in bad faith. In his conscience he be-
lieved the South had acted up to the principles of
honor and good faiih in all this matter, and he
further believed the Noith intended to act in bad
faith, regardless ofhonor, truth, justice, equity, of
every principle which should characterize honor-
able men dealing with equals. This can, with
justice, be said, if they now persevere unto the
end in excluding the South from all participation of
the common benefits resulting from ourjoint acqui
siiions. He would bear this belief with him to
his grave, should such injustice characterize the
conduct of the majority. The North had, it was
true, the majority; but all the principles which
should charcterize honorable men, should have
some influence over their conduct.
One word in reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Caktter,] who had said the territory was
held by the United States as trustee for the people
in their individual capacity as one people. And the
gentleman furthermore avowed himself a Stale-
rights man. He regretted the shortness of his
time, which would prevent him from doing justice
to this, subject. But the lessons we had learned in
the same school brought us to different conclu-
sions. This Confederacy was a union of States—
separate, independent States; they were equal part-
ners. It was by the action of Mississippi, and her
action alone, that he was a citizen of the United
States. His allegiance was first due to Missis-
sippi, and his first, highest, imperative obligation,
bound him to be true to her. And by her free,
sovereign action, she had devolved upon him du-
ties to this General Government. As a member of
one of the parties to this general contract he had
rights under the Union.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell, and Mr. T.
said he regretted he could not pursue the argu-
ment, and withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ROOT renewed the amendment. He de-
sired to say a few words in reply to the reference
made to the decisions of the House before and
since this territory was acquired. He supposed
that if anything was understood it was this, that
the Noith insisted that any territory acquired in
consequence of the Mexican war should be free,
and thfiMetermination was sustained by the House.
It had been alleged that the Wilmot proviso was
not thought ofuntil we had become involved in the
war. Had we acquired this territory before the
war?,, The President had said nothing to Congress
about the acquisition of territory, until he came
here for a special appropriation of three millions.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had
predicted what would be the result of the war; he
had foretold that it would lead us into difficulties
which would agitate the Union throughout its
whole limits. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Gentry] took the same ground; and the
events which have since occurred, have verified
these predictions. The first movement for the ac-
quisition of territory was met with the Wilmot
proviso, which was moved by a gentleman near
him. The Missouri compromise line had been
repeatedly tried: it had been voted down half a
dozen times. There were gentlemen from the free
Slates who had voted for the Missouri compro-
mise, and gentlemen from the southern States who
had voted for the Wilmot proviso. The South
knew that trouble would grow out of this acquisi-
tion of territory. The Whigs knew it, and warned
the southern and the northern Democrats against
it.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed it.
Mr. B. said: I regard the mere declarations of
individual members of the House upon this ques-
tion as of very little avail, because they commit
nobody but themselves. But as late as the winter
of 1845-6, when the resolutions for the annexation
of Texas were passed, the Congress of the United
States—the Executive—the Government—which
could alone make any committal upon the sub-
ject, did commit itself to carry the anti-slavery
prohibition no further than 3C° 30' of north lati-
tude. J recollect well the history of the transac-
tion. I recollect that the provisions of the Texas
resolutions committed this Government to the ap-
plication of the Missouri compromise to territory
to which it did not in terms apply—to territory
subsequently acquired. But gentlemen tell us it
was the understanding that slavery was to be ex-
cluded. I undertake to say that the ground upon
which the dominant party of the country staked
itself, was that of non-intervention—a real non-
intervention with the question of slavery in the ter-
ritories or anywhere else—a true, and substantial
non-intervention—not that which would l< keep the
word of promise to the ear, but break it to the
hope." That was the policy to which the country
was committed, but which has not been carried
out in good faith.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MEADE renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of showing that the North was as deeply
implicated in the annexation of Texas as the
South, and that the acquisition of that territory had
greatly benefited the northern manufacturers, while
the South had derived no advantage from it.*" The
annexation of Texas had led to the war with
Mexico, and the object of the war was to procure
indemnity. When Texas was annexed, it was at
the instance of the North that the Missouri line
was run through the territory of Texas, where
slavery existed; and the same policy which led to
this restriction, led to the original adoption of the
Missouri compromise in 1820-. Then there had
never been heard a word about non-intervention.
Slavery existed in the States through which the
Missouri line was to be run; but by mutual agree-
ment slavery was excluded north of 36° 30', and
in pursuance of the same policy, the same line
was run through the slave territory of Texas.
What other inference was the South justified in
drawing from those facts but that the same policy
would be pursued in relation to the territories ac-
quired from Mexico? If the South is to be ex-
cluded from all these new territories, where is her
share of the indemnity which the treaty with
Mexico secured to the United States? It is gone.
He said a few words in reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartteu,] in-
sisting that this Government was established, not
far general, but for specific purposes; and that any
infraction of therights of one of theStates,although
the smallest in the Confederacy, was an infraction
of the compact by which the Union was formed.
He was disposed to demand the adoption of the
Missouri line at every hazard, and at every ex-
tremity; and in making this demand, be could not
perceive that he was doing that which would be
either unjust or injurious to the North. The
North had enjoyed ail the benefit resulting from
the annexation of Texas, while it had been pro-
ductive of no advantage to the southern States.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS renewed it. He said that he
did not rise to take sides on the question, as to
what was the understanding between the two
great sections of this country, with which these
acquisitions had been made. For his part, he did
not believe that there was any very explicit un-
derstanding upon this subject. And out of this
want of understanding, or perhaps it might be*
more properly said, out of this misunderstanding,
most of the difficulties-that now surround us arose.
It was true, he believed, that all of the^ southern
gentlemen who had favored the acquisition, did
so with the view of having an equal participation
in the territory acquired. And it was equally true,
he believed, that a large majority, if not all of
those from the North, who went for the acquisi-
tion, did so with the view and for the purpose of
having it devoted and set apart exclusively, as
they avowed, for freedom. He (Mr. S.) had op-
posed the acquisition from the beginning—not
only because he considered it the illegitimate fruits
of a war of wanton aggression, but because he
foresaw the evils which would inevitably grow
out of the conquests, in consequence of the radical
difference of opinion between those ^distinct di-
visions of the Democratic party, who joined in
the prosecution of the war for the purpose of con-
quest. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root]
was right in saying that he (Mr. S.) had taken
the lead in this House against any acquisition.
He offered a resolution on the 22d January, 1847,
that the war should not be waged for ihe purpose
of conquest. On a motion to receive that resolu-
tion, every Whijc of this House, north and south,
voted in the affirmative; and every Democrat,
north and south, with two or three exceptions,
had voted in the negative. And the resolution
was rejected by a vote of 76 to 88.
If the southern Democrats had then voted with
him and those who were opposed to all acquisition
of territory, we might now be relieved from those
questions which are likely to disturb the peace
and quiet of the Union for all time to come, and
which all now see will in every reasonable proba-
bility prove so disastrous to the South. This vote,
too, was given not only after the Wilmot proviso
had passed the House by a sectional majority, but
after the extension of the Missouri compromise
line had been expressly repudiated by a similar
majority- It would be recollected that m August,
1846, within or about ninety days from the com-
mencement of the war, when the then President
asked for two millions of dollars to purchase these
territories, the Wilmot proviso was first sprung
upon the country by thegentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Wilmot.] Every member of this House
from the North, "Whig and Democrat, voted for it
in committee, and every member from the South,
