1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
aim of giving peace to his distracted country, for
he well knew that if this question had been
Eeaceably and permanently settled, as it would
ave been under the administration of James K.
Polk, the late administration would have gone
out in a blaze of glory which would forever have
consumed the hopes of General Taylor.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. AVERETT renewed the amendment.
Mr. A. said: Mr. Chairman, it gives me pain
to engage in a controversy about party in con-
nection with the question now before us. All
present will bear witness, that I have not played
the partisan in the discussions in which we have
been engaged. But since certain gentlemen [Mr.
Gentry, of Tennessee, and Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia] hav^ thought proper to glorify them-
selves, not only as partisans, but as prophets, and
have endeavored to throw the responsibility for
all the troubles which now beset the country upon
the Democratic party, I beg leave to occupy
the five minutes allowed me under the rules and
usages of the House, to replying to them.
f{ I told you so! I told you so !" is their text.
They predicted,in opposition to the war with Mex-
ico, that, the people of the North would seize upon
the spoils, to give them the mastery ovei the peo-
ple and institutions of the South. They cried
" enough" before they were whipped. For, get
what credit they may as prophets, they but played
the part of subm'ssionists to that northern revolu-
tionary spirit of which I spoke when I address-
ed the committee some few weeks ago. Sir, I
dealt in no humbug, when I proclaimed that we
were "in the midst of a revolution." Every de-
velopment here and throughout the North sustains
me in asserting, that the legitimate, the consti-
tutional functions of Congress are superseded by
revolutionary schemes, to break down the institu-
tion of slavery, and to divest the States and peo-
ple of the South of their equal rights in this
Union.
Gentlemen may glory in the prospect of the ful-
fillment of their evil predictions. For my part,
when they first put forth their prophecies—when
they founded their opposition to the war with
Mexico upon the plea that our share of the spoils
would be wrested from us by the northern revolu-
tionists—I could not help viewing their position as
most humiliating. I could not view those proph-
ets in any other light than as tame submission-
ists to, or allies of, those revolutionists. I, too,
had my apprehensions that the struggle in which
we are now engaged would come upon us. But I
could not allow such apprehensions to govern me,
when the interests and honor of the country were
at stake. I could not agree to be governed bv the
counsels of those who showed more zeal in the
cause of the Whig party than in the cause of the
country, and who preferred to rely upon gaining
credit for evil predictions, rather than go for na-
tional honor, regardless of enemies at home or
abroad. I repeat, sir, that the appeals which they
made to us, and which are to-day repeated, amount
to nothing more nor less than a tame acknowl-
edgment of the mastery of J.he incendiary, revolu-
tionary spirit, which seeks to degrade the people
of theSouth. I, sir, hold no fellowship with those
who foster that spirit. I do not mean, as long as
I hold a seat on this floor, to succumb to it, or to
buy peace from it at the price of southern rights
or southern honor.
Bui what a strange dogma is this—so vehe-
mently proclaimed by those who contend for the
sovereignty of the adventurers and squatters upon
the public domain ? Is it true, sir, that our " in-
demnity for the past and security for the future"
mean nothing more nor less than the supremacy
of those who run fastest to clutch the domain
which our blood and treasure acquired from Mex-
ico ?
Sir, it is a startling truth that the revolutionists
have driven this Congress from the line of its
duties. The powers conferred, and the obla-
tions imposed by that clause of the Constitution
which empowers us "to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the terri-
tory or other property of the United States," are
recklessly disregarded. We have not spent a
serous thought upon our real duties. Our consti-
tutional functions are lost sight of amidst the re-
volutionary struggle, to thrust California lawlessly
into the Union, as an abolition State. We are
commanded not only to acknowledge the sover-
eignty of the adventurers there over our territory,
but their right to exclude us from it, and take part
in governing us here.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. VAN DYKE renewed the amendment, not
(he said) for the purpose of making a speech, but
of having the question taken upon it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, appealed to
the gentleman to withdraw it, to enable him to
say a few words.
Mr. VAN DYKE, remarking that the gentle-
man had spoken once, declined to withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for the reading of
the amendment.
Jt was read—being the amendment originally
offered by Mr. Seddon.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, moved that
the committee rise.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs* Williams
and Miller'were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 90.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring on Mr. Seddon's amend-
ment—
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Duer and
Beale were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88, noes 103.
So the amendment of Mr. Seddon was rejected.
Mr. Mc&UEEN moved that the committee rise.
T^jers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Ashmun and Beale were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 70, noes 89.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, moved to amend
the amendment, by inserting the following, viz:
"Provided, however, That it shall be no obstacle to the ad-
rni^ion into the Union of any State which may hereafter
be formed out of the territory Ijinir south of the parallel of
htiinde of 06° 30', that the constitution of said State may
authorize or establish African slavery therein."
He said that the amendment he had sent to the
Chair contained in itself the true spirit and inten-
tion of the Missouri compromise. That great
measure was adopted in 1820, and had been faith-
fully adhered to, until the annexation of Texas,
when it was again enacted. To this Missouri line
the faith of the North stood pledged. .When he
said he considered the faith of the South pledged
to this compromise, he dil not attempt to deny
that here, and on various occasions, the Wilmot
proviso had been passed, and the Missouri com-
promise had been rejected in this House. But he
meant to assert, as had been asserted by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that with the consent of
theGovernment,and the acquiescence of the South,
the North had enjoyed all the advantages resulting
from this compromise. And these facts involved
an obligation on the part of Congress to revive
that compromise in its terms and in its spirit. It
was true that the Wilmot proviso had been
adopted by this House, but it had never been |
sanctioned by the Senate. In that branch it was
repudiated. It never received the approbation of i
the President. Nor is there any evidence to sat- '
isfy the South that it ever can become a law.
This Government had never committed itself to
the Wilmot proviso, and he believed never would
so commuitself. The moment it did commit itself
to the exclusion of the South from below 36° 30',
! he believed that the same vote would exclude the
j southern States from the Union. He had already
i said, that he, as one southern man, would be ready
| to walk out. He said this deliberately. He had
! heard the threats of gentlemen, who had said they
; would march regiments from their States to sub-
due the South. And he believed these threats
were not made without consideration. He knew
full well the gallantry of those who had given ut-
terance to these measures, and the gallantry of
their constituents. But, in the face of all this, he
repeated, that an exclusion of the southern people
from below 36° 30', would drive them out of the
Union.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SEDDON obtained the floor.
Mr. YAN DYKE moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. SEDDON claimed the floor,"and said:
I renew the amendment which the courtesy of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
has induced him to withdraw, to allow me the
privilege of the floor. That amendment reopens
for consideration the true intent and obligation of
the Missouri compromise, and enables me more
fully to explain and fortify the position taken by
me, and which has been so vehemently assailed
by several gentlemen. That position has been to
some extent misconceived by my assailants, but as
stated by me, is, I submit, just and ttue. Before pro-
ceeding-, however, to restate and defend it,allow me,
Mr. Chairman, to express my regret and mortifi-
cation that out of anything falling from me, there
should have sprung partisan debate and party
asperities between southern men here. It was
very far from my purpose, as I certainly think it
was from the legitimate tendency of my remarks,
to lead to criminations as to the past, between
southern men, and instead of fomenting, I have
the most earnest desire to allay all such feeling.
I have particularly regretted the tenor and spirit of
the remarks of the able gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] He seems to have cast down the
glove for a party tourney. If, sir, ambition or the
desire for party eclat influenced me, 1 might
covet the distinction of breaking a lance with a
gentleman so justly renowned, but other and par-
amount considerations withhold me. I did not in-
deed look to be struck at and weakened in our
position by a champion of the South, but I aim
no shaft in return; I have, instead a proposition
to make the gentleman. We have a common
cause, and a common section—we of the South
are engaged, against all odds, in a fierce struggle
for vital rights. Let our only rivalry and com-
petition be, not about old party feuds, or bygone
responsibilities, but who now shall most stoutly
stand by the cause of our section, and most gal-
lantly bear its standaid against the common
adversary.
But, Mr. Chairman, I must return to the ex-
planation of my position. I did not state, as has
been erroneously imputed to me, that during the
debate referred to by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gentry,] there was a general un-
derstanding among the members of this House,
that in the event of acquisitions from Mexico, the
Missouri compromise would be so adopted and
applied to them. I said, sir, there certainly was
not, on my part, nor did I believe there was any
general understanding, at that time, among mem-
bers, that, in the event of such acquisitions, the
Wilmot proviso would be applied to them, and the
South entirely excluded; and I referred to my own
action at the time, and the declaration of at least
one distinguished northwestern Democrat, in favor
of the Missouri compromise, to repel the idea of
any such understanding. I did, however, insist
that, before the territories were finally acquired by
the treaty of peace, there was a very general ex-
pectation throughout the country that the proviso
would not be enforced to theexciusiori ofthe South,
but that some equitable adjustment,allowing par-
ticipation to the South, either on the basis of the
Missouri compromise, or the non-intervention
principle in its true sense, would be effected. And,
sir, was I not right in this? The clear obligations
of the Constitution recognized the equality of right
and privilege among the States of the Confeder-
acy. How, then, could it be expected that there
would be exclusion of the citizens of one half the
States, and an odious discrimination against their
institutions and property? It was the plain dictate
of common sense, equity, and justice that the prize
of common valor and treasure, the indemnity of
common sacrifices and sufferings, should be shared
and enjoyed by all the States. We could not
anticipate that the wrong and outrage of mo-
nopoly by the North, and of exclusion to the South,
would be peisisted in and consummated.
But, sir, I will be more plain as to the ground of
our expectation to be allowed just participation.
In the Senate, when the treaty by which this ter-
ritory was acquired, was being ratified, was not
the proposition to incorporate a clause prohibiting
slavery in the ceded territory expressly rejected ?
Was not that a significant indication that we were
not to be excluded ? Again, sir, had not the Exec-
utive distinctly and officially declared, that any bill
prohibiting slavery south of the Missouri line
would not receive his assent ? Was it not known
the North had secured and was enjoying the whole
