96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
Mr. J?UEL preserved the following petitions and joint
resolution:
The petition of Henry Disbrow;
The petition of Jeremiah Moors;
The petition of John Biddle, late receiver of the land
office at Detroit, praying extra compensation.
The petition of Ehsha Taylor and L. B. Mizner, praying
for a change in the law fixing the compensation of officers
of the land office in locating military land warrants.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Kearsley; which petitions
were severally referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Michigan,praying Con-
gress to abolish the office of Chaplaiu; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. WOODWARD : Memorial of the heirs of Daniel
Harts, asking compensation foi revolutionary services.
Memorial of L. C. Duncan, relative to his services as as
sistant surgeon, Louisiana volunteers.
Memorial of Frederick Class, claiming compensation for
revolutionary services.
- The petition ofFraneis Sumter,administratorde bonisnon
of General Tnomas Sumter.
By Mr. KAUFMAN : The petition of Jesse Sutton, pray-
ing compensation for furnishing iron, &c., and blacksmith-
inj amongst the Indians ; referred to the Committee on In-
tijan Affairs.
Also, ihe petition of Brown & Tarbox, for compensation
for mail service rendered in Texas ; referred to the Comma-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. KING, of Ma&sachuseits: The petitions of John
G. King, Gideon Tficker, and many others, for indemnity
lor spoliations by the "French prior to 1800.
Also, the petition of Robert Stone, on the same subject.
Also, petition of Putnam I. Farnlum, tor rehet for unlaw-
ful seizure by the British of the barque Jones.
Ky Mr. BtJGL, of Michigan : Petition ofGeorge Reynolds,
praying to be remunerated for lo.-ses during the late war, by
the confiscation of his property in Canada.
Also, petition of Capt. Francis Cieott, for destruction of'
his property by the Indians during the war of 1812; which
petitions were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, petition of Hiram Moore and John Hassall, for an
extension of their patent for a harvesting machine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Also, petition of William Woodbndge and Henry Chip-
man, late judges of the United States in the Territory of
Michigan, asking compensation lor extra service as mem-
bers of Detroit Laud Board; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUEL also presented joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Michigan, viz :
Resolution relative to moneys advanced by the State of
Michigan;
Resolution relative to the transportation of the United
Slates mail through Canada;
Resolution relative to donation of lands by the United
States for the erection of State asylums for insane, blind,
deaf and dumb; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Resolution relative to Moore & Hassall's harvesting ma-
chine; which was referred to the^Dommittee on Patents.
By Mr. SCRENCK : Memorial of David D. Porter, U. S.
Navy, praying that he maybe remunerated for services as
Diplomatic Auent to San Dommgo. Referred to the Com-
miltep on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. McLANE, of Maryland: Memorials from Beverly
Diggs and John tester, praying indemnity for French spoli-
ations.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Beghie, Wiseman &
Co., of Glasgow, Scotland, p;aving for a return of excess of
duties and penalty. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of S. T. Nicoll & Co., praying for pay-
ment for fifty-four and a half chests of tea, furnished to the
Navy Department, in June 1846. Referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Also, the memorial of Charles Ahrenfelt et al., praying
for the return of excess of duties paid on prisms imported
by them in 1845. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of G. De Lirac, praying for relief and
debenture on certain goods exported by him. Referred to
the Commute of Claims.
Also, the memorial of the heirs or Daniel Pettibone, pray-
ing for compensation for the use by the Government of his
patent for a rarifying air stove. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Also, the memorial of William W. Diehl, praying for an
increase of pension. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Sidly G. Elwell
and David Mitchell, executors of Payne Elwell, late of Wal-
doboro', Maine, deceased, praying for indemnity for French
spoliations committed prior to 1800. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Als.0, the petition of Samuel T. Winslow, for a pension
for injuries sustained while in the service of the United
States iri the war of 1812. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pen.-iorio.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: Tbn petition of Wm. Titeomb and
44 others, citizens of Norridgewock, in the State of Maine,
for the establishment of a daily mail-route from Waterville
to North An-on, in ««aid State.
The petition of G. A. Steward and .35 others, citizens of
North Anson, in the State of Maine, for the same.
The petition of Joshua SneJI and 36 others, citizens of
Madison, in the State of Maine, for the same ; which were
severally referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. RUMSEY t The petition of General N. V. Knick-
erbacker and 3,003 others, citizens of Steuben county, in the
State of New York, prajing for the election of postmasters
by the people and a further reduction of postage.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition for the establishment of
a mail-route from Rochester to Romeo, in the State of Mich-
igan. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also a petition of a large number of citizens! against the
appointment of chaplains. Referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
By Mr. POTTER: The memorial of W. S. Coodey and
John Drew,-representatives of the Old Settlers of the Cher-
okee nauon of.Indians, and. the petition of Amos Kendall
and John E. Kendall, for an appropriation to pay indemnity
due under ttye'treaty'of August, 1846, with the Western
Cheiofcees.- Referred to the"Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. jP  -also asked and'Obtained leave to withdraw-the
papets,o.n. file i.n the,said case; apd the same were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr.'dTANTON*, ot Kentucky: The petition of Wm.
R. Campbell, of-Nicholas- county, Kentucky, praying that
the same amountof bounty land and extra pay, received by
other soldiers of the Mexic.an.war, be allowed to George
Myers, John Kmcart, and imnselfi
The petition of David Perry, of Newport, Kentucky, ask-
ing renuiheration for losses siutaiued m trie transportation
ot Indian supplies from Cincinnati, Ohio, to Fort Coffee, in
Arkansas.
The petition of David Myerlee, praying remuneration for
looses and services in the introduction ot the water-rotting
of fiemp in the western country, for the use ot the navy,
and under instructions from the Navy Department.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Thomas Watson,
regi&ter, and Richard B. Dallam, receiver, ot the land office
at St. Louis, Missouri, praying Congress to allow a com-
mission upon the entry ot land warrants as bounties in Jike
manner as upon entries for money, and that the same have
a retrospective action upon entries heretofore made. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of George Keller, piaying for an increase
of his pension, on account of ins helpless condition, being
utterly incapable of doing anything lor himself. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
"By Mr. S i'ANTON, of Kentucky: A petition of William
Smith, Isaac tfneen, and other members of the church ot
Latter-Day Saints, at Covington, Kentucky, protesting
against the admission of the State ot Deseretmto the Union,
and chaiging the Salt Lake church ot Mormons with tiea-
sonable designs against the United States.
Also, a petition of William A. Withers, and other citizens
of the northern part of Kentucky, praying the establishment
of a mail-route from Foster's Landing to Falmouth, in Pen-
dleton county, Kentucky.
Also, a petition of Richard T. Lindsey and others, pray-
ing for the establishment of the same post-route.
The following memorials to Congress, from the Legisla-
tive Assembly ot Minnesota Territory, were presented in
the House by Mr. SIBLEY, on Monday last, viz:
For the improvement of the Mississippi river above the
Falls ot St. Anthony. Referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
For the establishment of certain mail routes, and for ad-
ditional mail facilities. Relerred to the Committee on the
Pot-t Office and Post Roads.
For the construction of certain roads in the Territory.
Referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
For an amendment to the law granting preemption rights,
and relative to thirty-sixth section of school lands. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
For the means to erect a territorial prison. Referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Al&o, the petitionof G. Loomis, E. G. Gear, and sixty-two
other citizens of Minnesota, praying the extension of the
laws of the United States over the Indian tribes within the
limits of the Territory. Referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
By Mr JONES: The petition of Shadrach Murtain, James
B. Tally, H. N. Cowden, and sixty-five otheis, citizens of
Tennessee, remonstrating against the employment ot chap-
lains by the General Government, and asking Congress to
abolish all such offices,and to retrain in tuture trom all legis-
lation on the subject ot religion. PiCbunted December 31.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
The petition and papers of Eliphas C. Brown, of Canton,
New York, were taken trom the Clerk's files and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
The petition and papers of Ira Baldwin were taken from
the Clerk's files and referred to the Committee on Private
Lrind Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
The petition and papers ol Lyon Howard were taken
from the Clerk's files and referred to the Committee ot
Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
The petition and papers of Zenas King were taken from
the Clerk's files aad referred to the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 3,1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Colonel Buss, his Private
Secretary.
COMMITTEE ON THE CENSUS.
The VIGE PRESIDENT announced the Select
Committee on the Census to consist of Messrs.
Davis of Massachusetts, Butler, Underwood,
Sturgeon, and Shields.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a mail
route from MiIwaukie#to Madison, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial from the
late and present officers of the land office at Ed-
wardsville, Illinois, asking that commissions may
be allowed on all entries of military bounty land
warrants; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of John
N.,Buckhouse and John Simkins, administrators
of Covington Simkins, the memorial of John C.
Vowel!, citizens of Alexandria, Virginia, and the
memorial of the heirs of James Miller, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800; whiGh
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of William
A. Christian, a purser in the navy, asking to be
allowed a credit on his accounts made to a certain
warrant officer on board the United States steamer
Princeton; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. *
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of John
Crosby, administrator of A. D. Crosby, late a
purser in the navy, asking to be allowed a credit
on his accounts for payments made to certain war-
rant officers on board the United States ship On-
tario; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of Elizabeth
B. Lomax, widow of a deceased army officer, ask-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of J. Downs, asking compensation for forage
supplied by him to a company of mounted rifle-
men, in the Creek war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the
heirs of Joice Billups, deceased; the memorial of
the heirs of Edward Durant; the memorial of the
heirs of Philip Cam the memorial of the executo/
of Thomas Edmonds; the memorial of the heirs*
and representatives of Alexander Macauley, and
the memorial of the heirs of James Millar, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. H. also presented the petition of James S.
Fowler, asking compensation for services ren-
dered in the public stable by order of the Senate;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
the heirs of Wm. Melcher; the memorial of the
heirs of Wm. Bartlett and John Storer, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
W. S. Coodery and John Drew, representatives
of the "Old Settlers " of the Cherokee Indians,
asking tfrat provision may be made for the adjust-
ment of the debts due by that nation, under the
treaty of August 6th, 1846; which, with the docu-
ments relating to the same subject, submitted by
Mr. Sturgeon, were referred to the Committee
on Indian affairs.
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of the
heirs of Timothy Savage, deceased, asking indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented fifty
petitions, numerously signed by citizens of differ-
ent portions of Massachusetts, asking that the
spirit ration of the Navy may be abolished; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented forty-five petitions, like-
wise numerously signed by citizens of different
towns in Massachusetts, asking thai corporal
punishment in the navy may be abolished; which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the memorial of the
heirs of Robert Allyn, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was ordered to
he on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of John
A. McGaw, asking to be allowed demurrage on a
vessel employed by the Government as a trans-
port during the war with Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of the legal
representative of John Millikin, asking indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial and ad-
ditional evidence in relation to the claim of George
Hervey, in behalf of the owners and consignees
of the British ship James Mitchell; which, with
the papers on file in the Senate relating to the
same, were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
