TUP
jLJli JLJ
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION;
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1850.
New Series... No. 7.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of the late and
present officers of the iantl office at JefFersonville,
Indiana, asking to be allowed commissions on en-
tries of military bounty land warrants; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CORW1N presented the memorial of L.
Mason, Israel Garrard, and other citizens of Co-
lumbus, Ohio, asking an extension of the admi-
rality and maritime jurisdiction of the district
courts of the United States to all the navigable
rivers of the united States; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota,
asking an appropriation for the improvement of
the Mississippi river above the Falls of St. Antho-
ny,; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly of Minnesota Territory,asking
that the Legislature may be empowered to sell,
lease, or otherwise dispose of the lands granted
for the use of schools in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. C. further presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Ohio, in favor of the
enactment of a law reducing the price of the public
lands in the vicinity of the Wabash and Erie and
Miami Extension canals; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. presented a resolution passed by the Le-
gislature of Ohio, instructing the Senators and re-
questing the Representatives of the State in Con-
gress to inquire into the expediency of enacting a
law setyng apart a portion of the newly-acquired
territory for the benefit of such free persons of
color as may become settlers thereon; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. C. further presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of Ohio, in favor of a modification
of the law regulating postage on papers; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of merchants,
factors, brokers, insurers, and other citizens of
Ohio, praying that the admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction of the District Courts of the United
States may be extended overall the navigable wa-
ters of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of mer-
chants and other citizens of Pennsylvania, asking
ffte construction of a harbor at Reedy Island,
■on the Delaware river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C. also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Penn., asking that the spirit ration
in the navy may be abolished; which was referred
tofthe Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of the ex-
ecutors of Robert Smith, deceased, asking indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition ofinhabitants
of the parish of Terrebonne, Louisiana, asking
that certain sales of lands covered by the 16th sec-
tion may be confirmed, and other lands granted for
the use of schools in lieu thereof; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. King presented the petition of W. R.
Hallett, executor of Joshua Kennedy, asking com-
pensation for the destruction of his property by
hostile Indians in the Creek war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Charles
Brannan, John McCully, and the administrator of
Francis McCully, asking compensation fora steam-
boat wrecked while employed by the Government
as a transport in the Florida war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota, asking the improvement of certain
roads in that Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr, D. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory ef Minnesota,
asking the establishment of a mail route from
Prairie du Chien to Stillwater and St. Paul, in that
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota,
asking the construction of a military road from
Fort Snelling to the mouth of the Sioux river;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
"Mr. D. also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the same Territory, asking an
appropriation for purchasing the Sioux lands west
of the Missouri river; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a memorial from the General Assembly of
the Territory of Minnesota, asking the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river above the Falls of
St. Anthony; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of the. same body, asking that
the Legislature may be empowered to sell or other-
wise dispose of the lands granted for the use of
schools in that Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of John
Mitchell, a naval pensioner, asking an increase of
his pension; which was referred to the Committee
en Naval Affairs.
Mr. STEWART presented the memorial of the
legal heirs of Robert Courtney, and the memorial
of the widow and heirs of John Unikhuyson, ask-
ing indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly
of Minnesota in favor of the removal of the Chip-
pewa Indians from the lands ceded by them to the
United States in that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the following memorials of the Legislative
Assembly of the Slate of Wisconsin;
A memorial asking the establishment of a mail
route from Prairie du Crosse to Madison, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
A memorial asking the establishment of a mail
route from the Falls of St. Croix to La Point, on
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A memorial asking the establishment of a marine
hospital on Rock Island, in the Mississippi river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A memorial asking the establishment of a mail
route from Wankesha to Cedarburg, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
A memorial asking a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Falls of St.
Croix to Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT also presented the
memorial of a National Railroad Convention, as-
sembled at St. Louis, Missouri, in October, 1849,
asking the adoption of measures for constructing a
national railroad and electric telegraph, and estab-
lishing a line of military posts across the central
portion of the United States from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PHELPS presented the memorial of the
heirs and legal representatives of F. W. Geyer,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
the year 1800; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SEI'ASTIANf presented the petition of
Thos. Johnson and John B. Johnson, asking the
reimbursement of expenses incurred in defending
a defective title to certain lands derived from the
Government; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
widow and heirs of Abraham Lasportas, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Missouri in favor oif
the construction of a central national railroad from'
the Pacific to the Mississippi; which was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed. V
Mr. A. also presented the memorial of the Gen-
eral* Assembly of the State of Missouri in favor
of a grant of land to the teamsters who served in
the Mexican war;-, which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. A. also presented the memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, aslring a
donation of land for the improvement of the navi-
gation of White river; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial from the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, in relation
to the preemption law; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Missouri, asking an ap-
propriation of two hundred thousand dollars, to
be expended in reclaiminglhe New Madrid lands-,
by making a suitable levee; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and oidered to
be printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Missouri, in-favor of
granting lands, in quantities of not less than forty
acres, to every person who is the head of a family
not owning other land; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, asking a
donation of land for the improvement of Current
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Missouri, respecting
school lands, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, asking a
pension for the soldiers in the militia service in the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. A. also presented a memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, in favor of
granting the right of way through the public
lands of the United States to the Missouri and
Mississippi Railroad Company and donating alter-
nate sections to aid in constructing said roaid;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. A. also presented the memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of said State, asking an extension
of the southwestern boundary of Missouri, and
the extinguishment of the Indian title to certain
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
MISSOURI RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
Mr. ATCHISON presented resolutions passed
by the General Assembly of the State of Missouri,
on the subject of slavery, and he asked that they
be read and printed. They are as follows:
Resolved, liy the General Assembly of the State of Missouri,
1st. That the Federal Constitution-was the result of a com-
promise between the conflicting interests of the States
which formed it, and in no part of that instrument is to be
found any delegation of power to Congress to legislate on
the subject of slavery, excepting some special provisions
having in view the prospective abolition of the African slave
liable and lor the recovery of fugitive slaves. Any attempt,
therefore, on the part of Congress, to legislate on the subject
so as to affect the institution of slavery in the States, m the
District of Columbia, or in the Territories, is, tosfc^the
least, a violation of the principle upon which that instru-
ment was founded. _
2d. That the Territories acquired by the blood ana treas-
ure of the whole nation ought to be governed for the com-
mon benefit of the citizens of all the States; and any or-
ganization of the territorial governments excluding the
citizens of any part of the Union from removing to such
Terriiories with their property would be an exercise of
power by Congress inconsistent with the spirit upon which
