1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1191
territory north of the Missouri line, in consequence
of the faith and obligation of the compromise as re-
cognized by the President? Could it be reasonably
expected they would not, in some equitable mode,
adjust and allow the rights of the South belostf it?
Both parties at the South were thoroughly pledged
and united aeainst the Wilmot proviso, and our
-exclusion. The presidential canvass was coming
on, and it was believed neither of the great parties
could electa candidate who would approve the pro-
viso on the principle of our exclusion. The great
Democratic party, then confidently expected to
triumph, was committed against the proviso, and
its candidate pledged to veto it. [Here the gentle-
msn from New York, Mr. Dtjer, interposed and
Mr. S. yielding the floor— 1
Mr. DUER asked him if that candidate was ■
not equally pledged to veto the Missouri compro- \
mise line i
Mr. SEDDON resumed. Certainly not, sir, so j
far as I ever understood. On the principle that it I
was a thins: done in times past and acquiesced in, !
lie might well have abided by it; but if he would !
iiave vetoed the Missouri line, it would only have i
been on the principle that there was no constitu- j
tional power to prohibit slavery even north of
the line; and surely that, ■ instead of justifying an j
•expectation of an exclusion from free participation, i
would have sanctioned the contrary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, interposed,
and (Mr. S. yielding the floor) inquired if, because
the candidate of the Democratic party had pledged
himself to veto the Wilmot proviso, the people
had not put their veto on him ?
Mr. SEDDON resumed. I think not even in
the North—certainly not in the South, where the
people who vetoed General Cass, and preferred
the present President, did so on the ground that
General Taylor would more certainly veto the
Wilmot proviso and secure the rights of the South.
Many considered that his identity of interest and
property—his birth, associations, and feelings, as
a southern man, gave fuller guarantees of his fideli-
ty to the South and his maintenance of our rights,
than could be afforded by his northern competitor.
* The hammer fell.
Mr. SEDDON, (at the request of Mr. Baker,)
withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAKER renewed it and made some re-
marks, which will be published hereafter.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON,
The commifte rose and reported.
Mr. DICKEY made a report from the commit-
tee on enrolled bills.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
The House adjourned.
PETtTlONSj &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. THURMAN: The petition of John Fitzjrerald.
W. V. K. McLean, and 62 other citizens of the town of
New Sweden, Clinton county, New York, praying Congress
to so modify the tariff of 1845 as to impose ad valorem duiies
on the ha?is of Hip piices of that year.
- AI?o, the petition of P. S. Wlritcnmband 57 other citizens
ofthe county of R*spx, State of NewYoik, praying Con-
gress to so modify the tariff of 1846, as tojmpose ad valorem
duties on the ba-'is ofthe puces of that year.
Al«o, the petition of Abraham Welden and 64 other citi-
zens ofthe town of Hillsborough, £*sex county, NewYork,
praying Congre-ss so to modify the taiiff of 1S46, a> to im-
pose ad valorem duties on basis ofthe prices of that
yCBy Mr.LTTTLEFIKLO: The petition of Philip Greely
am! others, for the passage of a Jaw authorizing the appoint-
ment of an additional weigher and ganger for the pott of
Portland, Falmouth, Maine.
Bv Mr. SIBLEY : The memorial of Governor Alexander
Ramsey and 158 othfr citizens of Minnesota, for the grant .
of a township of land to aid in the construction of a tele- ;
graph from St. Paul, to connect with the eastern line of |
tel^cfanh. , - . • ,m i
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 33 citizens of vv avne j
county, Indiana, paving a reduction of postage on all pre- j
paid letters to a uniform rate of two cent-i per half ounce. ;
IN SENATE. !
Wednesday, June 12, 1850.
Mr. NORRIS presented additional documents ■
in relation to the claim of Silas L. Loomis; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of the
Academy of Natural Scionces of Philadelphia,
asking that a scientific corps may be attached to
the commission appointed to run the boundary
line betwe&n the United States and Mexico; which
was referred to the Committe on Territories.
Mr. CORWIN presented the petition of Asahel
Brainard, a pensioner, asking an increase of his
pension; which was referred to the' Committee on
Pensions.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Minnesota, ask-
ing a grant of land for the purpose of constructing
a magnetic telegraph from St. Paul, to connect
with the telegraph lines south and east; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Lawrence county,
Ohio, asking a modification of the tariff so as to
adopt specific duties in place of ad valorem; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Licking coun-
ty, Ohio, asking Congress to authorize Asa Whit-
ney to construct a railroad from the Mississippi
valley to the Pacific ocean, on the plan proposed
in his memorial to Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Colonel Ward B. Burnet, asking for the allowance
of expenditures made by the Common Council of
the city of New York, in raising the first regi-
ment of New York volunteers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial from John
S. Gilbert and Zeno Secor, asking additional com-
pensation for constructing the dry dock of Kitttery,
m the State of Maine; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial from the legal representatives
of Charles Porterfield, deceased, asking bounty
land, commutation pay, and the reimbursement of
advances made for the public service; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petitiq^from
Francis Ayler and Chasteen Scott, citizens of
Boone county, Kentucky, asking indemnity for
slaves that escaped into Ohio, and which they are
unable to recover for want of the passage of neces-
sary laws by the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition signed by
265 inhabitants of Boston, Massachusetts, among
whom were many females, asking that the right
of trial by jury and the writ of habeas corpus may
be allowed by law to fugitive slaves; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over under the rule:
Rewired, That the Committee on Public Land5? he in-
structed to report back to the Senate the bill entitled <{ A bill
to cede the public lands of the Cmti d States to the Ftates
respectively in which they are sitnate.d, on condition that
the said States shall severa'ly grant and convey the said
lands to actual occupants only." in limited quantities, for cost
ot survey, transfer, and title muniments merely.-*5
The resolutions lying on the table were sever-
ally'read in their order, and passed over when not
called up for consideration.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Baldwin, relative to the delay in furnishing the
Senate with certain documents, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing he directed to
mquue into the causes of the dclav in furmshinc the Senate
witii the President's message and accompunvingdocuments,
and the r< port ofthe Secretary of the Treasury, which have
been ordered to he printed for the useoft^e Senate, and to
report the same to tli£ Senate.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Borland, the 18th of April, in relation to the es-
tablishment of certain mail routes, were considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post j
Roads be instructed to inquire as to the propriety of esuh ;
h*hing a mail route, from Bark, in Franklin county, via •
Brawley's, Grand Prairie, and Robert Maffit's, in Scott !
countv, to Boonvilie. in Scott county, Arkansas. '
Resolved,further, Th.it the same committee he instructed
to inqune as to the propriety of extending the mail route
j from Camden, Arkansas, via Buena Vi«ta and Seminary,
I in Ouachita count), Calhoun, in Lafayette county, Arkansas,
via Walnut creek, to Homer, in Claiborne parish, Louisiana.
1 Resolved, further. That the same copimlttee be instructed
to inquire as to the propriety of establishing a mail route
from Searcy, in White county, to Clinton, in Van Buren
county, in Arkansas.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Borland, the 7th instant, in relation to extending
| the naval pension system to the army, was con-
! sidered and agreed to:
1 Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
i to inquire into the propriety of so amending the pension
laws as to place the officers and «oldiers of the army on the
| some footing with the officers and seamen of the navv of the.
j United States. And further, into the propriety of providing
il by law lor granting pensions to the widows and orphans of
those soldiers, whether volunteers or regulais, who served
on the frontiers of the United States during the late war
with Mexico, and that the committee report by bill or other-
wise.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Walker on the 5th instant, relative to- the pur-
chase of the Debates of the California Convention,
came up:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, adopted the
15th day of April last, authorizing the purchase from John
Ro« Rrown of two thousand popies of the Debates in the
California Convention, be and the same is hereby rescinded.
Mr. WALKER observed that Mr. Brown had
made some statements which would induce him to
move to refer the resolution to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses of the Senate; which was
agreed to.
SWAMP LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND moved that the Senate take up
the Senate bill No. 3, being the btll to grant to the
State of Arkansas the public lands remaining un-
sold, on account of overflow, in that State; which
motion was agreed to.
The bill having been read a second time, was
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. The first question was' on the amend-
ment reported by the committee.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the bill, or
to the amendment, but it strikes me that the fourth
section is a pretty sweeping affair, and that we are
about to make a grant of the extent of which we
know but little. I think Congress ought to have
a little more information before they make any
such grant. The fourth section ofthe bill conveys
every inch of land in the United States, known
and designated as swamp lands, to the States in
which they lie. 1 wish the amendment may be
divided, so that we may vote on the sections sep-
arately.
Mr. BORLAND. I will say to the Senator from
New Hampshire, that the piinciple of the bill
applies as well to every other State as to Arkansas,
and that it is not as sweeping as he seems to sup-
pose, because there is no uncertainty in regard to
the quantity of this kind of land. It is known and
properly designated at the Land Office, from re-
turns made by actual surveys. The term used
here is the technical term by which it is known at
the Land Office.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the Senator from
Arkansas if he can inform the Senate what is the
amount of land in all the States known as " swamp
lands?" I understand there are something like
four millions of acres in Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot tell precisely, be-
cause I have not the estimate by me. But a report
made by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, showing it, was laid before the Senate more
than a year ago,
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the honorable member
from Arkansas state, whether in this part of the
hill he has followed the precedents of other bills
passed for a like put pose ?
Mr. BORLAND. I have copied the bill from
that passed in the case of Louisiana. The provi-,
sion corresponds precisely. It is even in the same
words.
Mr. KING. The law which was passed grant-
ing to Louisiana her swamp lands was discussed
here, and understood by the Senate generally. It
is well ascertained from the Land Office that these
lands are of no earthly value, while in their present
state, and that they render the country contiguous
exceedingly unhealthy. The Government of the
United States will not engage in asystem of drain-
age, so as to bring these lands into a state that will
enable them to command anything by their sale;
and in order to relieve the States from the difficult
ties which they encounter for want of proper facil-
ities of communication through the swamps, as
well as to improve the general health of the coun-
try, it was thought to be right and proper to give
these lands to the States and let them drain them
if they can. The quantity was calculated and per-
fectly well ascertained by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and the statement was
laid on our tables, so that every one has an„oppor-
tunityof seeing what is the quantity of land in the
different States. The lands are overflowed and of
no value, unless the Government adopts a system
of drainage. The Senator from Arkansas is mis-
taken in one particular, and that is with regard to
the latter part of the section. This bill passed in
the case of Louisiana did not gi\e the same priv-
ileges and advantages to other States of the Union
