1193
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJS.
June 13,
similarly situated, where there are swamp lauds.
Had that been the case this bill would have been
altogether unnecessary. Hence it is that this bill
goes further than the one conferring the same
privilege on Louisiana. If, however, there is
any difficulty in the minds of honorable Senators
with regard to the general provision—and 1 confess
no such difficulty weighs with me, knowing the
nature of the land—the Senator from Arkansas
can relieve thetn from that difficulty by confining
the bill to his own State. As I said before, a
statement of the amount of land thus situated has
been prepared in the land office apd submitted to
Congress, and whether the quantity be small or
great, I consider a matter of no importance, so far
as the interests of the United States are concerned.
I hope there will be no difficulty in passing the
bill, for the United States will lose nothing by its
passage^ and they may gain something, for the
lands contiguous to these swamp lands are now in
many cases rendered useless and unsaleable.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state that when I first
introduced the bill, the fourth section was precisely
the same as in the Louisiana bill. On referring the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, however,
the committee, after consulting with a number of
Senators, thought proper to make it applicable to
all the States. But if the principle is right as
applied to Arkansas and Louisiana, it is right as
applied to all other States, without reference to the
quantity of the lands.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 will state that the Committee
on Public Lands thought it would be better, in-
stead of introducing a separate bill for each State,
that there should be provisions added to the bill to
make it apply to all the States. After what has
been said by my honorable friend from Alabama,
it is-unnecessary for me to add a word upon that
subject. I know what these, lands are in my own
State, and we only want to get possession of them
to give them away to those who will drain and im-
prove them, and make them habitable and healthy.
The same is the case in Indiana, Missouri, and
other States, and in Arkansas perhaps more than
all the rest. We call these lands "fever and ague
lands" in my State, and the sole object in getting
possession of them is to have them drained and
improved. I hope there will be no objection to
the fourth section of the bill; it is rendered appli-
cable to all the States to prevent the necessity of
a separate bill for each State.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have long been
an advocate of the graduation of the price of the
public lands. 1 have been an advocate of the sur-
render to the State of those hinds that could not
be sold by the General Government within a cer-
tain term of years; and in proof of the wisdom of
such a policy, [ would cite a case that occurred in
my own State The Chickasaws in that State
were entitled to receive, instead of an annuity, the
net proceeds of the lands from which they re-
moved. The graduating principle was applied to
those lands, so as to reduce some of them down
to 12| cents an acre. The lands were sold rap-
dly, and were got rid of in a short period. These
lands netted more than any lands which have
been sold by the Government at-$l 25 per acre, by
being kept in the market a long term of years.
The case included in this bill is of swamp lands,
which cannot be sold if they have been surveyed,
and much of which cannot be surveyed at all, as
in Louisiana. Some portions of the lands of Mis-
sissippi are in the like difficulty. These lands can-
not oe sold by the Federal Government. Again,
sir, the lands lying contiguous to them—I speak
particularly of a portion of the lands of Missis-
sippi—cannot be occupied, and consequently are
unsaleable, because they are separated entirely from
communication either with the river or the high
land, wherever the country is overflowed; and be-
sides, theadjncent country is rendered so unhealthy
that lands susceptible of cultivation cannot be occu-
pied. To grant the inundated and unsaleable
lands to the State, forlthe purpose of draining them,
is to render the contiguous lands saleable, and of
double value. It will secure a rapid settlement,
arid not merely bring into the treasury the moneys
received for the lands, but the customs-revenue
from the settlers upon them, which is always far
the greater item of profit to the United States Gov-
ernment.
To exclude the fourth section, then, as pro-
posed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
wouid be to restrict the provisions of this bjll to
limits like those adopted in ,the bill for Louisiana.
The bill for Louisiana was restricted to one
State; and upon consideration the bill was passed,
and the principle was accepted. It was left alon,e,
that therp might be no combination and no con-
fusion about it. Now that the principle is settled,
why need you go on and pass a bill for one State af-
ter another, enumerating each State containing-
lands like situated? J think myself that the most ap-
propriate bill would be the fourth section of this bill
without the others—to be modified by a clause ex-
tending the provisions of the law passed in the
case of Louisiana to the other St^ities, embracing
all the lands similarly situated. With this mod-
ification, the fourth section woijld contain the
whole merit of the bill. The principle would be
as correct in one section as in four, if it is sound
at all. The bill wo,uld require merely that the act
of Louisiana should be extended to the other
States.
Now, sir, if the fourth section should be sepa-
rated from the other three, and the fourth section
should be lost, I should feel it my duty to bring
in a bill allowing Mississipi the same rights that
we here grant to Arkansas, the argument for
which would equally apply to the lfinds extending
from just below Memphis to the mouth of the
Yazoo river. It would be a mere waste of time,
and multiply bills, to pass the first three sections
and not the fourth, which is the mere application
of the same principle to all eases of like import.
Surely we would not grant to one and refuse to
another.
Mr. HALE. I have no opposition to the bill.
I merely made the inquiry because I thought the
Senat<y>ught to have some information about the
matte™ It is one about which I feel very little in-
terest. I do not object to the bill, and 1 do not
know that 1 should object to it if it allowed §11
the lands to the States ; but I asked for a division
of the question in order to obtain information, and
bring the matter before the Senate. As it seems
to be the sense of the Senate that the question
should be taken on the amendment as a whole, 1
withdraw the call for a division of the question.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no notion, after what has
been already said, of detaining the Senate with a
speech. When the Louisiana bill was before this
body, I expressed my views at length on the sub-
ject, and warmly urged the adoption of the bill.
I feel great inteiest in this bill, because my own
State is interested in it. I trust that, after the
cogent reasons for the adoption of the measure
which have been given here this morning, gentle-
men will withdraw their opposition, and allow the
bill to become a part of the law of the land.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Piesident, this is a general
bill, and applicable to every State in which there
are public lands covered with swamps. There is
not much of this description of land in the State
from which I come,butasufficientquantity to make
me feel a deep interest m the passage of this bill.
I do not expect to be able to add much to what has
been so well said by my distinguished friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] and othcrs-in support of
this measure. H13 [Mr. S's.] long and intimate
knowledge of everything connected with our
land system, having been for several years, as we
all know, its efficient head, enables him to speak
with a more correct knowledge of the details of
this subject, than peihaps any other member of the
Senate.
Having been for several years connected with
the surveys of the public lands, my attention has
been necessarily drawn to this particular subject.
These swamp lands are now entirely valueless to
the General Government, and are highly injurious
to the health and settlement of those portions of the
States in which they he; so much so, indeed, as to
injure, and oftentimes to prevent the sales of the
contiguous lands, which are susceptible of cultiva-
tion and inhabitation. The question then is, sir,
whether the General Government will continue its
ownership over these inundated lands—which
spread death and disease amongst the people—or,
by surrendering them to the States, allow them to
be rendered fit for cultivation and settlement. No
one, I presume, ever thinks that the United States
will ever- enter upon any system for the reclama-
tion of these lands ; the sooner, then, it parts with
its ownership, the better for all concerned. Some-
thing has been said as to the quantity of these lands
to be granted by this bill; with me, it makes no
difference whether the quantity be more or less: I
act upon the principle that we are all bound to do
something with these refuse lands, and I know of
no other or better mode of disposing of them, than
that proposed by this bill, f shall, therefore, will-
ingly vote for this bill, and most sincerely hope
tjjat it may becon^e a law.
(■ It is made the duty of the Governroent deputy-
'surveyor," by law, and under the instructions of
the surveyor-general, to designate the sw.ainplwds.
They are therefore, so delineated upon the plats,
and by the field-notes of the deputies,as to enable
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
assign them to'the States in wfrich lh.e,y lie, with-
out there being any danger that any other than
swamp lands would or could b£ given to sucU
States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I live in a State where
there are none of these swamp lands; butl was on
the Committee on the Public Lands during the
last Congress. - I was then opposed to granting
the swamp lands to the different States, but I ad-
vocated a system by which the General Govern-
ment should undertake to drain these public lands
for the benefit of the whole. I'found that this plan
met with so little support, that, in all probability,
it could never be done, and that brough.t my mind
then to this conclusion, that these lands must re-
main swamp lands forever, or that we give
them up to the States, and let the States drain
them and make them valuable. J became hopeless
of my plan being carried out, and, indeed, the
more I considered it, the more dissatisfied I be-
came wiyj.my own system, and it brought me to
this alternative, that we must either give the lands
to the States, or allow them to remain ib their pres-
ent condition.'. On due reflection, ! h$ve come to
the determination to vote for this bill, without the
amendment, ahd to vote for similar bills in behalf
of other States, as they shall be presented. 1
make these few reniaiks by way of explanation of
the change in my opinions.
The amendment was then agreed to; and there
being no further proposition to amend, the bill
was reported back to the Senate, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
The title of the bill was amended so as to read,
" A bill to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits."
THE COMPROMISE
The Senate, as irr Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sron of California as a State into the Union, to
establish territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
establishment of her western and northern bound-
aries.
Mr. DAYTON resumed, and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. CLAY then suggested that the vote on the
pending motion to postpone to a day certain, be-
yond the session, be now taken, that the Senate,
in the event of its rejection, might resume the con-
sideration of amendments.
Mr. BENTON, in accordance with an intima-
tion whien he gave when his motion was made,
withdrew that motion for the present, to permit
votes to betaken on important amendments.
The residue of the diiy, until four o'clock, was
devoted to the consideration of amendments in
relation to the boundary line between New Mex-
ico and Texas, a report of which will appear in
the Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 13, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. INGE, by unanimous consent, presented
an amendment to the bill heretofore referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
of the following title:
" A bill to establish an armory and foundry at
Fort Massac, on the Ohio river."
On motion by Mr. INGE, the amendment
(without being read) was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BANGOR.
■Mr. STETSON rose and ssiid, he wis exceed-
