98
THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
our federal compact was based, insulting to the sovereignty
and dignity of tbe States thus affected, calculated to alien-
ate one portion of the Union from another, and tending
ultimately to disunion. -
3d. That this General Assembly regard the conductor the
northern States on the subject of slavery as releasing the
slaveholdmg States from all further adherence to the basis
of compromise fixed on by the act of Congress of the 6th
of March, 1830, even if such act ever did impose any obliga-
tion upon the slaveholdmg States, and authorizes them to
insist on their rights under tbe Constitution; but, for the
sake of harmony, and for the preservation of our Federal
Union, they will still sanction the application of the prin-
ciple of the Missouri compromise to the recent territorial
acquisitions, if by such concession future aggression npoa
the equal rights of the States may be arrested, and the
spirit of ami-slavery fanaticism be extinguished.
4th. The right to prohibit slavery in any Territory belongs
exclusively to the people thereof, and can only be exercised
by them in forming their constitution for a State govern-
ment, or in their sovereign capacity as an independent
State.
5th. That in the event of the passage of any act conflict-
ing with the principles herein expressed, Missouri will be
found m hearty cooperation with the slaveholdmg States in
such nfeasures as may be deemed necessary for our mutual
protection against the encroachments of northern fanati-
cism.
6th. 'That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives be requested, to act m conformity with the
foregoing resol utions.
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate con-
curring therein,) That tbe Secietary of State be required to
transmit a copy of the resolutions passed at this session of
the General Assembly on th* subject of slavery to the Exec-
utive of each of the States of the Union, with the request
that the same be laid before each of their respective Legis-
latures, and also a copy to each of our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress. Improved JSlareh 10th} 1849.
The resolutions having been read by the Secre- ,
tary—
Mr. BENTON. This is the proper time for
me to say, what I believe to be the fact, that these
resolutions do not represent the sentiments of the
people of Missouri. They are a law-abiding and
a Union-loving people, and have no idea of enter-
in" into combinations to resist or intimidate the
legislation of Congress. The General Assembly
has mistaken the sentiment of the State in adopt-
ing these resolutions; and many members who
voted for them, and the Governor who signed
them, have since disavowed and repudiated them.
I do not discuss these resolutions at this time.
That discussion is no part of my present object
1 speak^of the pledge which they contain, and call
it a mistake; and say, that whatever may be the
wishes or the opinions of the people of Missouri
on the subject of the extension or non-extension j
of slavery to the Territories, they have no idea of
resisting any act of Congress on the subject.
They abide the law, when it comes, be it what it !
may, subject to the decision of the ballot-box and |
the judiciary.
I concur with the people of Missouri in this
view of their duty, and believe it to be the only
course consistent with the terms and intention of
our Constitution, and the only one which can save
this Union from the fate of all the confederacies
which have successively appeared and disappeared
in the history of nations. Anarchy among the
members, and not tyranny in the head, has been
the rock on which all such confederacies have split.
The authors of our present form of government
knew the danger of this rock, and they endeav-
ored to provide against it. They formed a Union j
—not a league—a Federal Legislature to act upon !
persons, not upon States; and they provided peace- -
ful remedies for all the questions which could arise |
between the people and the Government. They 1
provided a Federal judiciary to execute the Federal :
iaws when found to be constitutional, and popular j
elections to repeal them when found to be bad. j
They formed a government in which the law and j
the popular will, and not the sword, was to decide
questions; and they looked upon the first resort to
the sword for the decision of such questions as the
death of the Union.
The old Confederation was a league, with a le-
gislature acting upon sovereignties, without power
to enforce its decrees, and without union except at
the will of the parties. It was powerless for gov-
ernment, and a rope of sand for union? It was to
eseapfe from that helpless and tottering ^govern-
ment that the present Constitution was formed;
and no less than ten numbers of the Federalist—
from the tenth to the twentieth—were devoted to
the defects of the old system, and the necessity of
the new one. I will read some extracts from these
numbers, the joint product of Hamilton and Mad-
ison, to show the difference between the league
which we abandoned and the Union which we
formed—the dangers of the former and the bene-
fits of the latter—that it may be seen that the res-
olutions of the General Assembly of Missouri, if
carried out to their conclusions, carry back this
Union to the league of the Confederation—make it
a rope of sand, and the sword the arbiter between
the federal head and its members.
Mr. B. then read as follows:
" The great and radical yice, in the structure of the exist-
ing,uonfe<teration, is in the principle of legislation tor States
or Governments,in their corporate or collective capacities,
and as contradistinguished from the individuals of which
they consist. Though this principle does not run through
all the powers delegated to the Union, yet it pervades and
governs those on which the efficacy of the rest depends.
The consequence of this is, that, though in theory constitu-
tionally binding on the members of the Union, yet in prac-
tice they ar.1 mere recommendations, which the States ob-
serve or disregard at iheir option. Government implies the
power of makirg laws. It is essential to he idea of a law
that it be attended with a sanction, or, m other words, a
penal y or punishment for disobedience. This penalty,
whatever it may be, can only be infliclcd in two ways—by
the a«ency of the courts and ministers of justice, or by mili-
tary force; by the coercion of the magistracy, or by the co-
ercion of arms. The first kind can evidently apply only to
man ; the last kind mint of necessity be emp oyed ag.unst
bodies politic, ur communities, or States. It is evident there
is no process of a court by which i heir observance of tlie
laws cun, in til-: last resort, be enforced. Sentences may
be d"nonnced against them for violatioas of th'-ii duty; but
these sentences can only be carried into execution by the
sword. In an association where the geneial authonty is
confincd lo the collective bodies of the communities that
compose il, every breach of the la vs must involve a state of
war, and military execution must bocome the only instru
meiit of civil obedience. Such a state of things can cer-
tainly not deserve the name of uovernraent, nor would any
prudent man choose to commit his happiness to it."
Of the certain destruction of the Union when
the sword is once drawn between the members of
a Union and their head, they speak thus:
"When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men
observe no bounds of moderation. The suggestions of
wounded pr de, the instigations of irritated resentment,
would be apt to carry the States, agai'.st which the amis of
the Union were exerted, to any extremes necessary to
avenge the affront, or to avoid the disgrace of submission.
The first war of this kind would probably terminate ma
dissolution of the Union."
Of the advantage and facility of the working of
the Federal system, and its peaceful, efficient, and
harmonious operation—if the Federal laws are
made to operate upon citizens, and not upon States
—they speak in these terms:;
"But if the execution of the laws of the National Gov-
ernmcnt should not require the intervention of the State
Legislatures; a they were to pass into immediate operation
upon the citizens themselves, the particular governments
could not interrupt iheir progress without an ojjen and vio-
lent exertion of unconstitutional power. They would be
obliged to act, and in such manner as would leave no doubt
that they had encroached on the national rights. An ex-
periment of this nature would always be hazardous in the
race of a constitution in any decree competent to its own
defence, and of a people enlightened enough to distinguish
betvvefMi a legal eiercise and an illegal usurpation of author-
ity, Tne success of it would require not merely a factious
majority in the Legislature, but the concurrence of the
courts of justice, and oi the body of the people. If the
judges were not embaiked in a conspnacy with the Legisla-
ture, they would pronounce the resolutions of such a ma-
jority to be contrary to the supreme law of the land, uncon-
stitutional and void. It the people were not tainted with
the spirit of their State representatives, they, as the natural
guardians of the Constitution, would throw their weight into
the national scale, and give it a decided preponderance m
the contest."
Of the ruinous effects of these civil wars among
the members of a Republican Confederacy, and
their disastrous influence upon the cause of civil
liberty itselfthroughout the world, they thus speak:
" It is impossible to read the history of the petty republics
of Greece and Italy, without feeling sensations of disgust
and horroi atthe distractions with which they were continu-
ally agitated, and at the rapid succession ol revolutions by
which they were kept contmpally vibrating between the ex-
tremes of tyranny aod anarchy. From the disorders which
disfigure the annals of those republics, the advocates of des-
potism have drawn arguments, not only against the forms
of republican government, but against the very principles of
civil liberty. They have decried all free government as in-
consistent with the order of society, and have indulged
themselves in malicious exultation over its friends and par-
tisans."
And again they say;
"It must carry its agency to the persons of the citizens. Ij
must 6t«ln<l in need of no intermediate legislation -T tint mu.-t
itself be etripowered to employ the arm of tile ordinary ma-
gistrate to execute its own resolutions. The majesty of the
national authority must oe mamlested through the medium
of the courts of justice." _ "
After reading these extracts, Mr. B. said: It
was to get rid of the evils of the old Confederation
that the present Union was formed; and, having
formed it, they who formed it undertook to make
it perpetual, and for that purpose had recourse to
all the sanctions held sacred among men—com-
mands, prohibitions, oaths. The States were forbid
to form compacts or agreements with each other;
the constitution and the laws made in putsuance
of it, were declared to be the supreme law of the
land; and all authorities, State and- Federal, legis-
lative, executive, and judicial, were to be sworn to
support it. The resolutions which have been read
contradict all this, and the General Assembly mis-
took their own powers as much as they mistook
the sentiments of the people of Missouri when
they adopted them.
This is all that I shall say at present. I make
no objection to the reception or printing of these
resolutions. My only object, at present, is to make
and save the two points: finl, that the General
Assembly mistook the sentiments of the people of
Missoi ri in adopting these resolutions; secondly
that they mistook their own powers in doing so.
Mr. ATCHISON. As no objection has been
taken to the printing of the resolutions, 1 have but
one word to say; and that is merely to express an
opinion that the people of the State of Missouri,
when the time arrives, will prove to all mankind
that every sentiment contained in these resolutions
from first to last will be sustained by them.
The question then being taken upon the motion
to print, it was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of H. L. Kendriek,
be taken Irom t he files and refeired to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD,
On/ered* That the petition of John S. Devlin, adminis-
trator of Elijah J. Weed, late Quartermaster in the Marines,
be withdrawn from the files and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Ordered, That the petition and .papers of John Mackall
be taken from the files and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS,
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the claims of
Joseph Watson be taken trom the files and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered, That the memorial of the Cherokee Nation, ask-
ing the decision of the United States upon certain questions
referred to its arbitrament by the treaty of August, 1846, be
taken from the files and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of General Roger
Jones be withdrawn from the files and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of Captain
Gilbert Knnpp be withdrawn troin~the files and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. YCJLEE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend the sev-
eral acts establishing district courts of the United
States in the State of Florida, and to provide for
writs of error and appeal from said courts ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, in pursuance of notice, asked ami
obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant a certain
quantity of land to the State of Iowa, for the pur-
pose of aiding said State to construct a railroad
from Dubuque to Keokuck; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committe on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill entitled " An
act granting the right of way to the State of Mis-
souri, and a portion of the public land for making
a railroad from Hannibal to Saint Joseph*" which"
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to divide the
district of Arkansas into two judicial districts;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill to increase the efficiency
of the army by a retired list for disabled officers;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, in pursuanceyof
notice, also asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill granting to the State of Mississippi the right
of way and a donation of public land for the pur-
pose of locating and constructing a railroad from
Brandon to the eastern border of said State, in the
direct line of Montgomery, Alabama; which was
