160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NeW Hampshire, I did riot think it proper to in-
troduce any such language into the resolution, and
shall of course vote against the amendment of the
fentleman, because I deem it wholly unnecessary
n addition, I may be indulged in a single remark.
If the Senator from New Hampshire were as well
informed on this subject now as others are, who
have had better opportunities for information, or
as he will assuredly be in a day or two, he would
not doubt that if such a provisions he suggests
were adopted by the Senate, in any ^efficient and
obligatory form, it would, instead of extending
new liberties and privileges to our fellow-citizens
now- resident in those Territories, or'even gratify-
ing local feelings, be the imposition upon them of
disabilities, and a rude and overbearing violation
of matured public sentiment in at least two thirds
of the new Territories, which would be justly re-
garded as oppressive, tyrannical, and eminently
subversive of popular freedom. When the Sena-
tor learns the true state of the public mind in those
distant parts of the Republic, he will find that he
and his associates are laboring for the benefit of
people, whose strongest desire is to be relieved now
and hereafter from the mischievous effects of their
unsolicited friendship and their burdensome pa-
tronage. It will be for him then to determine
whether he will persist in imposing the yoke of
the Wilmot proviso upon the necks of freemen,
jealous of their true liberties, and anxious to avoid
all connection with a fierce controversy which has
already shaken the solid fabric of the Republic to
its foundation.
Mr. HALE. I am happy to find the Senator
from Mississippi and myself looking to the ac-
complishment of the same purpose; that is, to keep
the yoke off the necks of the people. That is the
object of my amendment; and now if the Senator
from Mississippi means to go with me, and if the
gentleman finds that we can keep off the yoke of
slavery from the necks of freemen in a better man-
ner, I shall be happy to follow his counsel and
lead in this great object at which we are both aim-
ing. Possibly we may misunderstand each other;
and when we come to apply words to men and
things, we may find we do not entirely agree; but
certainly in the general propositions we both agree;
that is, to remove the yoke, to undo the heavy
burden, and let the oppressed go free. And while
up, I beg leave to congratulate my friends upon
the able assistance we shall have from the efforts
of the gentleman from Mississippi in accomplish-
ing the great work we have in view.
The printing of the resolutions was ordered.
ELECTION Or CHAPLAINS.
Mr. FOOTE moved the appointment of two
Chaplains, of different denominations, to officiate
alternately in the two Houses of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution,
under the rule, lie3 upon the table one day.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope there will be unanimous
consent to the consideration of the resolution now.
Mr. TURNEY. I have a memorial which I
desire to present before any action is taken by the
Senate upon the proposition. I ask that it be re-
ceived and read.
The memorial was accordingly read by the Sec-
retary.
The memorial was very numerously signed by
citizens of Tennessee, objecting to the appoint-
ment of Chaplains by Congress at the expense of
Government, deeming it a serious evil, and a cus-
tom which has grown out of precedents.
Mr. TURNEY. This memorial relates to a
very important subject, and it is signed by a large
number of respectable persons, whose views and
opinions are entitled to consideration. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and be printed.
Mr. DAYTON. I object.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not know why it should
be referred to the Judiciary Committee. It seems
to me that such a course is unusual, and I hope it
may go to a select committee.
Mr. BUTLER. I have no particular objection
to its going to the Judiciary Committee, though 1
hardly think we shall report on all the matters it
contains; but, perhaps, it is more respectful to-
wards the petitioners that it should be referred. 1
am therefore inclined to favor the reference.
Mr. FOOTE. I am hardly inclined to vote for
the reference, unless my friend from Tennessee I
can give an explanation upon one point, which 11
Jan. 4,
hope he can give, for .I did not comprehend the
memorial in all its bearings. I believe it was not
intended in the sligh testdegree to apply unfavorably
to our late Chaplain, (Mr. Slicbr.) If this be the
case, I believe I shall vote for its reference.
Mr. TURNEY. The memorialists know noth-
ing of Mr. Slicer. They thought the subject was
one which was worthy of the consideration of the
Congress of the United States. They are highly
respectable, and many of them ministers of the
Gospel of the most distinguished ability. The
memorial is couched in respectful language. It
presents an important constitutional question for
the consideration of Congress, and one which I
think is worthy of consideration. With that view
I have moved its reference to the Judiciary Com-
mittee; and if, upon examination, they deem it
unnecessary to take any action, they will make no
report; but if, on the other hand, they think there
should be some legislation, they will repjort a bill.
I can conceive of no earthly objection that can be
made to the reference of the memorial, on any
grounds; and if the Judiciary Committee is the
proper committee, as in my judgment it is, inas-
much as a constitutional question, growing out of
the power of Congress, is presented, and inasmuch
as the memorial is couched in respectful language,
and emanates from a highly respectable source, I
ask its reference to that committee.
Mr. DAYTON. I hope it may take any other
destination than that which the gentleman seeks to
give it. i am not aware of anything in the char-
acter of the memorial which makes it appropriate
that it should be considered by that committee. If
it is to have any reference, it should go either to a
special committee or to the Committee on the
Rules and Regulations of the Senate. I move
that, for the present, it He on the table.
Mr. TURNEY. And be printed.
Mr. DAYTON. No, sir; I move that, for the
present, it lie on the table. The motion to print
goes to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
lay the memorial on the table.
Mr. FOOTE. Waa any opposition made to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution.' I
understood there was no objection made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair believes
that an objection was made.
Mr. TURNEY. I did not intend to offer any
objection. —
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution then
is under consideration.
Mr. TURNEY. I must object, however, to
proceeding with the consideration of the resolution
until the petition that I have presented shall have
been printed. My object was to present the me-
morial, in order that it might be considered at the
same time with the resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope, under the circumstances
of the case, that the motion to refer will not pre-
vail, and that we will take some action upon the
memorial at once. I move that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is also moved
that the motion to print be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. TURNEY. 1 raise a question of order. I
made a motion to print. The rule itself refers
that motion to the Committee on Printing, and I
contend that it cannot be laid on the table.
Mr. MANGUM. I care nothing about a small
matter of this sort, but I take it for granted that
no reference can be made to the Committee on
Printing except upon motion, and no motion can
be made without being subject to be laid upon the
table.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the rule will be read.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina, in order to avoid controversy, will with-
draw his motion to lay the motion to print on the
table.
Mr. MANGUM. Well, sir, I will withdraw it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I beg leave to present a
memorial similar in character to the one which
has been presented by the Senator from Tennessee.
As I do not wish to take up the time of the Senate
in having it read, 1 will state that it ia a petition
which declares religion to be a matter exclusively
between every citizen of the land and his God,
and not a proper subject % legislation. The me-
morialists assert that they are sorely burdened by
the establishment of national chaplaincies, and
that they regard it as neither more nor less than
the establishment of a national religion. I move
that it take the same disposition which was given
to the memorial presented by the Senator from
Tennessee. I will detain the Senate no longer
than simply to remark that I do not perceive the
evil which the memorialists seem to apprehend.
The petition was numerously signed by citizens
of Maine, objecting to the appointment of chap-
lains to Congress and in the army and navy, and
suggesting that if members of Congress are dis-
posed to pray, or if they are inclined to hire men
to pray for them, they should do so on their own
responsibility.
The memorial was laid on the table, and the
question of printing referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FOOTE. As there has been such a variety
of impediments thrown in the way of my reso-
tion, I beg leave to withdraw it.
The resolution was withdrawn accordingly.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENT-
ATIVES.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker of the House had
signed an enrolled bill extending the privilege of
franking letters and packages to Sarah Polk.
The VICE PRESIDENT having signed the
same, it was delivered to the committee to be pre-
sented to the President of the United States for his
signature.
REMOVAL OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following res-
olution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform the Senate whether, by Himself or his assistants, lie
has at any time removed, or attempted to remove, before tbe
expiration of the term for which he was commissioned, by
the appointment of a successor, or in any other manner, and
how, any deputy postmaster orjpostmasters who held appoint-
ments under the President of the United States, made by and
with the consent of the Senate, under and in pursuance of
the taw of Congress entitled '■ An act to change the organi-
zation of the Post Office Department, and to provide more
effectually for the settlement of the accounts thereof," ap-
proved 2d of July, 1836; and if any such removal or removals
have been made or attempted, that he specify the number,
the names of the officers, and the offices they herd respect-
ively; and also that he inform the Senate whether, in his
own name or that of either of his assistants, and which of
them he has appointed, or claims the authority to appoint,
or attempted to appoint, persons to till the vacancies thus
created, and issued to them letters of appointment, commis-
sions, or either, and which of them, and whether more than
one of each or either was issued to the same appointee, and
to whom or to what office or offices, and the reasons there-
for; and that a copy of such letters of appointment and
commission be furnished, if in his power, and if not, the
substance thereof, including names, dates, and signatures -
and further, tviiether he has attempted, and by what means,
to enforce any such removal; and if such power of removal
and appointment, or either, have been exercised or attempt-
ed, that he further inform the Senate under and by virtue of
what authority of law the same has been done or the riaht
claimed. r
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate the estimates of Col. Long, of the
Corps ofTopographical Engineers, and the amount of money
necessary to repair the breach in the dam at the head of
Cumberland island, in the Ohio river.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be authorized
to suspend the publication of any part of the report of Doctor
Jackson, made to the Secretary of the Interior, which relates
to a machine at Bristol, and the premature publication of
which would, in their judgment, be injurious to the inter-
ests of an American inventor seeking a patent for such ma-
chine in any foreign country.
On motion by Mr. SOULE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the practicability and expense of deepemnir
the northeast pass of the Mississippi river.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were'
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 4, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to in-
quire of the Speaker what would be the order of
