1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
The CHATRMAN decided that the gentleman
was? not entitled to the floor.
Some further conversation followed.
The amendment was withdrawn. -
Mr. MoLANE, of Maryland, renewed the amend-
ment. He said: Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as the
amendment, to be perfected by the words pending,
limits the boundary of California by the latitudinal
line of 36°30', the question is opened in all its merits,
as regards the principles which must prevail in pro-
viding territorial governments, as well as the con-
siderations proper to influence our discretion in
voting upon the admission of California. I can,
therefore, without deviating at all from strict parli-
amentary law, refer to the principle of dividing
our territory in twain by a geographical line, be-
tween slaveholding and non-siaveholding States—
as also to the principle of non-interference, referred
to by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens;] and I mean to do so. Indeed, it is ma-
terial that I should do so; and I would remark
here that when a gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] talked about the " hardihood" of dis-
cussing the propriety and wisdom of limiting the
boundary of California, he did not approach the
question; for a proposition to limit the boundary
of the territory formed and admitted as a State,
has nothing whatever to do with the institutions of
the new State. I protest against any such view of
my course, when I set myself to work in good
faith to make up my discretion and judgment in
regard to the pending question of admitting the
State of California—a question which I will take
upon its ments. Now, as to the propriety of limit-
ing: the State of California by the latitudinal line of
36° 30', and of the terms in which such limi-
tation should be expressed. Now, sir, in regard
to this limitation of boundary I wish to say,
that I will not consent to vote for any propo-
sition which divides this territory by a geograph-
ical line, prohibiting slaveholders from an occu-
pation of the northern section, unless it should
provide expressly for their protection south of the
dividing line. I will not vote for it, because it only
leaves slaveholders to their constitutional rights,
uninlerfered with by Congress south of the divi-
ding line, while it prohibits their enjoyment of these
rights north of the line. I will vote for this geo-
graphical division, however, upon the principle
that Congress will at every hazard assume the
power of interference, and I will of course greatly
prefer that this power shall be exercised to divide
the territory in twain, that each section may enjoy
their respective share of that which, in my judg-
ment, they ought to enjoy in common, uninterfered
with by Congress. This course is not intended
by me as a surrender of my opinion, that such in-
terference by Congress is arbitrary and tyrannical,
and in my humble judgment inconsistent with the
spirit of the Constitution; but I consider it folly in
southern men to abandon this principle of non-in-
terference for the Wdinot proviso north of 36° 30',
and for non-interference south of that line—it would
be, I think, unwise to assume any such responsi-
bility, no matter who invites me to it. 1 will,
however, rest content to adhere to the principle of
non-interference, and abide a judicial arbitrament
of our rights. I take an entirely diffeient view
of this policy and principle from that taken by the
gentleman from Georgia. I deny that this princi-
ple, as set forth by General Cass, either in his ori-
ginal letters before and pending the presidential
election, or in his late speeches, necessarily ex-
cluded the slaveholder from the territory in ques-
tion—this principle opens all the territory of the
United States to the occupation of the slaveholder
with his slaves, if by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Sfates he is entitled to carry that property with
him when he emigrates. This is the explanation
which I make now, which I have always made,
which General Cass always made; and I appeal to
his friends from the North and South to say if
this is not the view m which they represented him
and his policy to their people; and I say further,
that this is the view represented of it in his late
speech. His individual opinion as to what may
be the existing: law, or what may be the final
adjudication of it, has nothing to do with the ulti-
mate determination of the constitutional right.
This policy of non-interference, or a geographical
division^ was the policy of the late Administration;
and I deny that General Taylor has adopted and
continued the policy of the late Administration.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN said, he thought the remarks
of the gentleman were irrelevant.
Mr. WEN TWORTH. That is the point which
I was about to make..
Mr. McLANE. I mean to be in order. This
condition of the territory south of 36° 30' is open
to our consideration, and in considering it, the
question of congressional interference with the
rights of the people therein is strictly in order,
and therefore I feel it my right to correct the view
taken of this principle by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and to illustrate further
the true view of it, and the view which I allege is
now entertained of it by gentlemen on this side of
the House,from theNorthand theSoulh. [Here
the hammer fell.]
Mr. McL. then withdrew the amendment.
Mr. B3COCK renewed it. He said that the
amendment brought up the question of the propri-
ety of the adoption of the Missouri compromise
line, and why, he asked, shall it not be adopted?
The line of 36° 30', when first established, was not
suggested by anything peculiar to the territory ac-
quired from France, called Louisiana territory.
It was an arbitrary line adopted by the legislators
of that day, because they desired to agree upon a
line across the continent which should forever di-
vide between the opponents of slavery and those
who defend that institution as it exists in the
State. That purpose should apply to the territory
now under corisidetation, as much as to the terri-
tory acquired from France. By the adoption of
that line the South lost much territory. Notwith-
standing that faet, she has faithfully lived up to it.
Under that compromise, as she understood it, she
gave up a part of Texas, and was willing to give
up the whole of Oregon. She is willing to its
continuance now; and why shall it not be contin-
ued ? Simply because the South might get a poor
pittance under it, and the North would not get
all. That is the whole matter.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry]
said a few days ago, and the gentleman from Geoi-
gia [Mr. Stephens] said on yesterday, that they
had foretold the present state of things several
years ago, and that the Democratic party alone is
responsible for it. Mr. Chairman, i was pained
to hear such remarks from those gentlemen. Do
they not know that there are some prophecies, the
bare annunciation of which tends to bring about
their fulfillment ?
When the Whig party predicted that Mexico
would make war for the annexation of Texas, they
did not mean surely to say, that Mexico would
do what., in their judgment, was wrong. They
said in effect then, if not in words, that Mexico
ought to make war for the annexation of Texas.
And surely, Mexico was not to be expected to
be less tenacious of her honor than these gentle-
men.
When the gentlemen from Tennessee and Geor-
gia said that the Noith would appropriate to itself
all the territory that might be acquired from Mex-
ico, they had no right to piedict in advance that
the North would do what they thought wrong.
And suiely we were not bound to act upon the
fear that the North would wrongfully violate our
rights.
When they made this prediction, they in effect
said that the North ought to claim this territory,
and the mention of it now encourages that section
in its course. I know that these gentlemen have
no such intention. The gentleman from Georgia
said, during the last Congiess, that he would
never agree to any arrangement which would not
give to his constituents their shaie of this terri-
tory.
Such remarks are further objectionable, because
they tend to revive the spirit of party. Sir, the
country is in danger. If we must have party con-
tests on this floor, let them be delayed till that
danger is over. Then we shall not shrink from
them. Till then let us have a generous emulation
who shall do most to save the Constitution and to
save the country. Let no man coldly stand off,
and say, You are responsible, get out as you can.
His all is involved as well a3 ours.
Mr. B. withdrew the amandrnent.
Mr. FEATHERSTON renewed it. He said-
Mr. Chairman, the principal reason assigned by
the friends of California for her immediate admis-
sion is, that the will and wishes of the people
there in forming a State government should be
earned out. if we act on this principle, we must
necessarily confine her southern boundary to the
line of 36° 30'. South of that line the people do
not ask for a State government, but on the con-
trary protest solemnly against it, and desire a ter-
ritorial government. This fact is clearly demon-
strated by the proceedings of the convention.
The delegates south of 36° 30' voted against it all.
Why do you force a form of government upon
them contrary to their will, one for which they
do not ask, and which they reject? Your decla-
ration is, therefore, unfounded in fact, and a solemn
mockery of the very principle that you profess to
hold so dear, to wit, that the people should deter-
mine for themselves what form of government
they would adopt.
This territory, too, south of 36° 30', is a part,
if not all, included within the boundaries of the
State of Deseret. If your position be correct,
that the people of California had the right to form
a State government without the consent of Con-
gress, then you must admit that Deseret had the
same right. If she had.the same right, her title
to the territory south of this line of 36° 30'
is best. She first formed her constitution, first
exercised this right. Why do you reject her title,
and recognize that of California? Because Cali-
fornia excluded slavery, and Deseret did not.
The question of boundary is a question within the
control and jurisdiction of Congress.
Five minutes expired.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MEADE renewed the amendment. He
desired to make a few remarks in reply to an ar-
gument of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter,] who spoke yesterday. That gentleman had
thrown out the idea that this territory is held in
trust by the United States for the benefit of the
people inhabiting the territory. According to this
view, then, the moment the treaty with Mexico
was ratified, eo instante we became trustees for
the benefit of the people of Mexico inhabiting the
territories. This would present this anomalous
state of things: The United Slates complained of
injuries received from the Republic of Mexico
and her dependencies, and for the purpose of ob-
taining indemnity for these injuries, we waged
war with her. When we demanded indemnity
for these outrages, were we demnnding it for
those who perpetrated them, or for those who
suffered from them ? Was there ever such a pre-
posterous proposition submitted? Who commit-
ted these outrages? Were they not committed
by Mexico, of which this te^i'itory formed apart?
Of whom did we demand indemnity* Of those
very people for whose benefit the gentleman saya
we hold the territory. Are we, then, to be regard-
ed as trustees for those who committed the out-
rages, or for those who demanded repartition? If
anything more preposterous than this had ever
been submitted, he would like to hear it.
The people of the United States had received in-
jury from Mexico, and had demanded indemnity
Tor an injury dune to all the States of the Union,
and to all the people of the States, and if we ob-
tained indemnity it inured to ail the States, and to
the people of the States. And if any of the
Stales are excluded from their portion of it, in-
jury and injustice are done to the portion of the
States so excluded. If the North appropriates
the whole of it to herself, the South has a right to
complain of this as an act of injustice. Had it
been an indemnity in money instead of territory,
does any doubi that the South would have been en-
titled to the millions which would have been her
share? The people of the South had to pay their
proportion of the expenses of the war, and thier
share of the fifteen millions paid for this territory.
After having thus contributed her proportion of
the costs, can it be permitted.that the North, re-
lying on her numerical strength, should come here
and pass laws for the purpose of excluding the
South from all participation ? They oifer the
Wilmot proviso. The South can never submit
to that proviso without a sense of her inferiority,
that must ultimately degrade and humiliate her
people. No, sir, the Federal Government is
agent and trustee for all those who suffered from
the outrage to repair which the territories were
acquired.
Mr, M. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HiLLIARD renewed it and said: This
amendment brings up a great question. It pro-
poses to allow such States as may hereafter be
formed out of territory lying south of the parallel
