1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
June IS,
of 36° 30', to come into the Union either with or
without slavery, as their people may happen to
prefer when they form their constitution.
This brings up the question of the power of
Congress over the institutions of a State: when a
State applies to be admitted into the Union, formed
out of territory belonging to the States of this Con-
federacy, ought Congress to attempt to compel its
people to establish or to abolish slavery within its
limits, or should we confine ourselves to an exam-
ination of the republican character of the Consti-
tution which is presented to us? Now, sir, this
is, I have said, a great question—a very great ques-
tion. To maintain that Congress may compel the
people of a State applying for admittance into the
Union to alter their organie law, it being republi-
can, to modify their institutions and shape their
internal policy so as to make it acceptable to what
may happen to be the prevailing sentiment of that
body, is to assert a doctrine which overturns every
principle which supports the popular government
under which we live. Great considerations may
weigh with Congress in admitting or excluding a
Slate—the condition of the country at the moment
of the application, the fitness of the inhabitants of
the new State to participate in the deliberations or
the action of the Government—these and other
considerations, may well be regarded as bearing
upon the question. But I trust never to see this
House deliberately reject a proposition like that
now before us, and thus to deny to the people of
any part of this country the right to form the in-
stitutions which may seem to them best suited to
promote their prosperity and happiness as a State.
No one who has any just conception of popular
rights, or any disposition to maintain the great
principles whieh are essential to their protection,
can allow himself to be thrown into hostility to
this fundamental doctrine, which all the States of
this Union have heretofore recognized, and will, I
believe, at all times uphold. The existence of sla-
very within the limiss of a new State affords no
ground for the rejection of its application to come
into the Union, nor does the exclusion of slavery
from the limits of a State by its constitution, af-
ford any just ground. The objection made to the
admittance of California into the Union as a sin-
gle and distinct measure does not rest upon any
such ground, but upon the fact that its admittance
under present circumstances, with the boundaries
claimed for it, would tend to disturb the harmony
which should reign between the States of this
Union, and so far fp©m adding to our strength,
would essentially weaken us as a confederacy.
Let the boundaries be altered, as I propose they
shall be, and I will not hesitate to vote that the
State shall be admitted. I know that irregularities
have marked the proceedings which resulted in
the formation of the State government, but I will
overlook all these, and welcome the new State
into the Union, with suitable boundaries, even
though its constitution excludes slavery. As 1
have heretofore said, the legislation of Congress
admitting the State will relate back to the original
proceedings, and legalize them; and allow me to
ask what objection can be raised to the change of
boundaries which I propose? Some of the ablest
and most influential members of the convention
which formed the constitution of California, were in
favor of embracing all the territory called by that
name within the limits of the new State. Among
those, I believe, was Mr. Gwyn, one of the Sen-
ators chosen to represent that State. He brought
forward a proposition, if I remember correctly
the proceedings of the convention, to lake all Up-
per California acquired from Mexico into the State
of California, and his proposition was maintained
with ability by himself and, I believe, by others.
Now, sir, I desire to take from the projected State
its southern territory below the parallel of 36°30',
and extend its eastern boundary, so as to embrace
the country called Deseret or Utah. Our right to
do this is clear; the whole territory belongs to the
people of the United States, and not to the inhab-
itants who are now thrown into that remote re-
gion, many of them there temporarily, drawn
thither by'the spirit of adventure. The whole
subject of boundary is perfectly within our con-
trol.
By what authority have the people of Califor-
nia formed a State government? Not by the au-
thority of Congress. I do not complain of their
having done so. Our neglect compelled them to
take care of themselves. But I mean to say that
California is not a State; it is a territory be-
longing to the United States, and we might to-day
stretch our authority over the whole of it. The
question of boundary belongs to us, and not to the
inhabitants who now happen to occupy our terri-
tory. It is a very different state of things from
that which Missouri presented when that State
came forward and applied for admission into the
Union. The people of Missouri had, by the au-
thority of Congress, organized a State, it might
be admitted into the Union, or it might be kept
out, but still it was a State, and would have con-
tinued to exist as a State, either within the Union
or out of the Union. It is not so with California.
The whole subject of its limits belongs to us.
Let us exercise our authority for the good of the
whole country, so that when we welcome the
new State into the Union, we shall not hereafter
regard it as the apple of discoid, but feel that it
adds a new guarantee to the power, prosperity,
and perpetuity of our glorious political system.
Sir, 1 earnestly hope that this will be done; that
we shall, by our votes, recognize the great pop-
ular principle of the right of every State to form
its own institutions, apd that we shall receive this
new accession to our Confederacy in a way to in-
crease its strength and its glory.
Mr. H. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD renewed the amendment and
said: Mr. Chairman, it has become my duty on
tnis amendment to state what my constituents ex-
pect at your hands. Members from the North
have many friends among us who have, up to this
time, contended " that you would act uprightly
and divide fairly this conquest from Mexico."
The vote you are now about to give will prove
whether they had a right to confide in you or not.
If your vote should do us justice, the whole
united South will feel safe and secure for the future,
under this assurance that our revolutionary strug-
gle with power was not in vain. But if, on the
other, hand you refuse us, it makes no difference
under what pretext, or what object you may have
in view, whether to make Presidents or get offices
under them, they never can place further confi-
dence in this Government. And if, hereafter, m
your greatest need, you should call on them for
pien or money, they will not have that sense of
pride and republican equality which has hereto-
fore animated their bosoms as equals, and must
make all future sacrifices, under a sen3e of the
degradation of subjugated colonies.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL renewed the amendment.
He said: Under the regulations of representation
provided by the Constitution, not merely power,
but responsibility, resides with the members
from the free Stales—1 mean the responsibility
of effecting or defeating a suitable and proper
adjustment of the controversy which now dis-
tracts this country. All eyes are turned upon us.
1 have arisen to say, that 1 hope we will proceed
to the vote—the most important vote of the ses-
sion. For two days we have heard speeches on
this amendment, and nearly every remark that has
been made has fallen from members from the
slaveholding States. The representation from the
free States is silent, still, ready for action. Why
appeal again and again? Why crave as a boon
that which may be demanded as a right? Look
at the proposition under consideration ! It merely
asserts that should the line 3G° 30' be adopted as
the southern boundary of California, no objection
will exist to the admission of the territory south of
that line, should slavery be recognized by the peo-
ple of said territory in the formation of their con-
stitution. Who gainsays such a proposition ? It
does not involve the question of boundary. It
does not declare that California shall be divided. It
does not establish through California the line of
the Missouri compromise. No. It is an amend-
ment or addition which merely presents another
isolated question, thus: if California is divided,
the people South may admit slavery if they choose,
and, should it be admitted, that shall constitute no
just ground for the rejection of the new State. I
hope the argument will cease; for I cannot fancy
the North will reject this principle.
A Voice. We will show by the vote what we
will do.
Mr. M. continued. It is said the vote will
prove opinions. The slaveholding country will
scarcely realize the adoption of any principle so
adverse to their interests and to justice, to say
nothing of constitutional right, as the adoption of
tl\e views declared just now. What! Make a
practical, legislative assertion that the recognition
of slavery in a State constitution shall henceforth
be a bar to admission into the Union? I cannot
believe it. I cannot realize the fact that sentiment
at the North has descended to such gross fanati-
cism. It presents a question whieh, under our
form of government, with our Constitution and our
elements of republican sovereignty, ought not to be
debated in a council of freemen and equals. The
practical assertion of any such dogma will not be
tolerated. I am temperate, calm, and, I hope,
considerate in the contest which is going on. My
chief aim is to reach a result which shall preserve
harmony and union. But, 1 call the attention of
this committee to my declaration, thatif the North
has in fact concluded to assert in this Hall, in the
form of a,law, the proposition that no State shall
henceforth be admitted which adopts a constitution
recognizing slavery, the States in which slavery is
now recognized will not, cunnot, and ought not to
submit to it. But, at all events, I hope we, the
Representatives of the people, will stop these ap-
peals, and terminate this spectacle, especially as the
members from the free States lend us unwilling
ears and seem to be anxious to make a legislative
declaration of their intentions. I move sve pro-
ceed lo the vote.
Calls for the question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked for tel-
lers.
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read, as follows:
" Prodded, however, That it shall be no obstacle to the ad-
mission into the Union ot any State winch may hereafter
be loruied out ot tlie tenitory lying south of the parallel of
altitude ot 3tj° 30', that the constitution of said State may
authorize or establish African slaveiy thoiem."'
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Mason and
Calvin were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported, ayes 78, nays 89.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEDDON proposed as an amendment,
after the word "twenty," in the 12th line, to in-
sert, "and, at the time of its adoption, intended
' and understood as a partition for the future, be-
• tween the slaveholding and . non-slavehoiding
< States, of the territory of the United States, to
' the uttermost extent of its western limits, and as
' such was enacted mainly by the votes of repre-
' aentatives from the non-slaveholding States."
Mr. S. said, the amendment, Mr. Chairman,
recalls a fact of great moment, in considering the
obligation of the Missouri compromise line. That
fact history has recorded and attested. It is, that
at the time of its adoption, and when understood
as a partition to the extreme of our western limits
of the territory of the United States between the
North and the South, its enactment was effected
mainly by the representatives of the non-slave-
holding States. The majority of the southern
Representatives weie earnestly and decisively op-
posed to it, and their lesistance to its passage was
ardent and protracted. Sir, it was forced upon,
the South, in despite of opposition and remon-
strance. With great reluctance the South received
and acquiesced m it. And why, sir ? Her power
was then relatively much greater than now. The
mere retirement of her members wouid have left
no sufficient body for legislation, and would have
abrogated the Government. Persistance m deter-
mined opposition—refusal on her part to acquiesce
would have resulted either in tjtie allowance of her
equal right of settlement in all the territories of
this Union, or in the dissolution of the Confed-
eracy. Her power would have sufficed easily to
have shatteied this Union into fragments. But,
sir, for the pacification of the country, ill a spirit
of enlarged patriotism and liberality, the South
acquiesced m the denial of her just tights, and
submitted to be cramped and confined to a small
portion of Jhe joint domain, although the whole
of it was then covered by laws recognizing and
sustaining her institutions. Fraternity with the
non-slaveholding States was cherished by her.
The glorious memories of joint struggles and tri-
umphs—the sympathies of a kindred lineage and
a common language—the associations of interest
and intercourse, and all the hallowing influences
that had cemented our fathers into confederation
and unity, had consecrated the Union in her affec-
tions. For the sake of that Union, and to main-
