1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11WT
tain the cherished relations of amity and peace
with their sister States, the States of the South
acquiesced in the terms of settlement forced upon
her, and in peifect faith have ever since adhered
to and maintained them. But, sir, surely they
are not now to be abandoned, and their spirit re-
pudiated by the Representatives of that section
who adopted and put them upon the South. Rep-
resentatives of the North, I appeal to you. Does
not the fact, that your section forced this measure
originally on the adverse South, impose the most
potent obligation on your honor, your consciences
and good faith, now to adhere to and reenact. it in
its fullest sense and spirit?
Mr. Chairman, the attitude of the two sections
at this time and on this floor, presents a striking
contrast with the past, full of solemn admonition
to both. Sir, the measure which, some thirty
years siifte, the Representatives of the North mainly
forced upon the opposing Representatives of the
South,—that measure, the Representatives of the
South—even the most violent—almost unitedly
proffer and press upon your acceptance, and even
that scant measure of right you refuse and deny
us. If this be a sad and striking illustration of
the waning power and influence of the South, with
what force to every liberal and just mind ought it
to come, in aid of the appeal we make to the North.
You can entertain no visionary apprehensions of
the encroachments of this weakened section. You
cannot fear for your institutions or your interests,
nor even dread the loss of northern ascendency and
power. You can be just without danger—liberal
without even the impairment of future power.
And, sirs, it" you are wise, you will be so. It is
the noblest prerogative of conscious power that it
can afford to be both just and liberal, and in the
ordinations of Providence, it is wisely arranged,
that by the exercise of such ennobling sentiments,
power is made most secure and harmonized with
its true and most enlarged interests. In your con-
nection with the southern States, you realize your
freatest progress, prosperity, and development,
'rom the very institutions you now wantonly
aim to cramp and crush, flow in innumerable rills
the springs that nourish and fructify your diversi-
fied fields of labor and enterprise. You cannot be
unjust and detrimental to them without marring-
all the fair effects of your present prosperous con-
nection. Cause them, by wrong, to feel alien and
adverse to you and your interests, and if even the
forms of confederation remain, lely upon it, its
substantial benefits—its rich fruits of emolument
and prosperity must soon perish and be forever
lost.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, renewed the
amend ment, pra forma, ar.d said: i long since made
up my mind that I would introduce no proposition
of' my own, nor vote for any other man's propo-
sition, which did not give ample justice to my
section. My determination was not formed with-
out consideration. The whole ground had been
duly examined, and my judgment was based on a
solemn conviction, that no proposition which did
not inflict positive injury on the South had the
least chance of favor m this House. If I had ever
been brought to doubt the correctness of this judg-
ment, the vote just taken would have convinced
me beyond all dispute that I was right.
Day by day our ears are filled with the cry of
" compromise!" " adjustment i l1' We have been
invoked time and again to come forward and settle
this angry dispute, on terms equitable and just to
all sections of the Confederacy. We have been
admonished, in high-sounding phraseology, that
to the people of the States, when forming their
constitutions, belonged the duty and the right of
settling for themselves the question of slavery or
no slavery. Some, we have been told, fanatical
and violent, would repudiate this doctrine; but the
great body of the moderate men of the North, of
all parties, we have b^en assured, had planted
themselves on this broad, republican platform.
Now, sir, what have we seen ? Tne question has
been taken on a proposition declaring that it shall
hereafter be no objection to the admission of a
State lying south of 36° 30' that her constitution
toleiated or prohibited slavery, and this proposi-
tion lias been voted down—voted down, sir, by a
strictly sectional division—all the southern mem-
bers voting for it, and all the northern members,
with but one honorable exception, voting against it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Three or four.
Mr. BROWN. I saw but one—Mr. McCifcR-
nand. There may have been three or tour. It
may have been that five or six threw up their hats
and cried " God s&vg the country I''
Mr. BISSELL. I was not in my seat. I should
have voted for it with great pleasure.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 voted for it.
Mr. BROWN. It may be that five or six voted
for the proposition. But what of that? Where
was the great body of the northern members,
Whigs and Democrats? They were just where 1
have always predicted they would be when it came
to voting. They were found repudiating the very
doctrine on which they ask us to admit Califor-
nia—the doctrine of self-government m regard to
slavery.
There could be no mistaking the intention of
this vote. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] in a speech of marked emphasis, had
called on the South to cease debating, and let us
have a vote—a vote which should test the ques-
tion, whether northern members were prepared to
assert the doctrine, that under no circumstances
should any other slaveholdmg State enter this
Union. The debate did cease in obedience to that
appeal, the vote was taken, and the result is be-
fore us. And now, sir, m reference to that result
I have a word to say. It explodes at one dash,
the hollow-hearted and hypocritical pretension
that this question was to be left to the people, when
they came to form their respective constitutions.
It verifies what I have said here and elsewhere,
that this doctrine was a miserable cheat, an in-
famous imposition, a gross fraud upon the South.
If the people, as in the case of California, make
an anti-slavery constitution, the doctrine rs applied
and the State is admitted; but if any other State
shajl offer a pro-slavery constitution, we are given
by this vote distinctly to understand, that such
State, her constitution, and this doctrine, will all
be trampled under foot together.
I want my constituents and the country to see
to what end we are to come at last. The bold
stand is taken by this vote that not another slave
State is to be admitted, no odds what her constitu-
tion may say.
I take ground with the eloquent gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and now declare, that if
this is to become the ruling principle of the North
—if we are thus to crouch at the footstool of
power—if we ure to be brought down from our
high position as equals to become your dependents
—if we are to live forever at your mercy, rejoicing
in your smiles and shrinking from your frown—
if indeed, sir, it has come to this, that the Onion
is to be used for these accursed purposes, then,
sir, by the God of my fathers, I am against the
Union, and so help me Heaven, I will dedicate the
remnant of my life to its dissolution.
Men may talk of adjustments, letters may
be written, speeches may be made, newspapers
printed to glorify the Union—but, sir, if this is
the Union you would glorify, it is base-born slan-
der to say the South is for it. If we are to have a
Union of equals, it will forever rest upon alijour
hearts and all our hands—it will be eternal. But
if it is to be a Union of the tyrant and the serf, a
Union of the monarch and the menial, a Union of
the vulture and the lamb, then, sir, 1 warn gentle-
men it will be a Union of perpetual strile. Say
what you will, write what you will, speak what
you will, think what you will, the South will
wage eternal warfare upon such a Union. We will
invoke with one voice the vengeance of Heaven
upon such a Union—we will piay unceasingly to
the God of our deliverance that he will send us a
bolt from Heaven to shiver the chain which thus
binds us to tyranny and oppression.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Air. CARI'TER renewed the amendment, and
said: Mr. Chairman, one word in reply to the
honorable member frum Mississippi, who has
seen proper to give to the vote upon the amend-
ment which has just been lost in committee, the
construction that it was significant of the fact that
no slave State was hereafter to be suffered to come
into the Union. Sir, 1 did not vote one way or
the other, upon the question, knowing that my
vote was not necessary to the result. If 1 had
voted, I should have voted against the amend-
. ment, for the reason that ttic amendment was not
! germane to the bill providing for the admission of
! California, but totally foreign to the subject. For
the further reason, #ir, that the amendment was
not only a departure from the matter before the
committee, but embracing no subject of present
legislation whatever, either pertinent or imperii*
nent. For the farther reason, sir, that the amend-
ment, if not designed, has the tendency to encum-
ber and embarass the action of the committee and
delay the object of its labors.
Sir, the effort to crush California in her appli-
cation for admission into the Union, is remorse-
less and inventive in one branch or other of the
Capitol. She has been loaded down with com-
plicated and discordant subjects of legislation,
with which she has nothing to do, and in connec-
tion with which Ought not to be made to account.
Though her claim is a simple and single one, jus-
tified by ample reason and precedent, and de-
manded by imperious necessity, she is compelled
to await the adjustment of foreign political sub-
jects, involving the past, present, and future. Nay,
more, sir, her enemies insist upon it, that her ad-
vent into the Union shall be marked by a mira-
cle. She has got to establish what is styled an
equilibrium of power betweeu the free and slave
States, or, in other words, she is under the necessity
of making one-fourth of the population of the
Union equal to the remaining three-fourths. This,
sir, is not only a mathematical absurdity, but in
the political sense a practical impossibility. The
numerical difference of population is destined to
increase in increased ratio; and let me say to
southern gentlemen, that the problem of popula-
tion is not within the control of Congress. It
will be regulated by emigration and the natural
laws of population, and those who contemplate
dissolution, would do well, while they are about
it, to make but one job of it, and dissolve their re-
lations with the world. The last amendment was
a pure abstraction, as I have before remarked, cal-
culated to embarrass the admission of California;
and if I had voted at all upon it, I should have
voted against it, for this reason if no other. It
ought to be the policy of the friends of California,
to sweep from the way of her admission, ail techni-
cal obstacles to her success. The Union, though
ostentatiously and repeatedly threatened, in my
opinion is in no serious danger. She will long
outlive this outburst of fury. If the admission of
a free State under the circumstances of California
is sufficient to sunder the ties which bind any of
her citizens to her, no sacrifice which the integ-
rity of her repulican institutions can endure, will
preserve their affection; no humility which free-
men can submit to will hold them. If the self-
preservation and power of this great empire rests
for strength and support on such frail fealty, the
Union could not be preserved whether California
be admitted or rejected.
Mr. C. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, having re-
newed the amendment, remarked that the vote
upon the last proposition, or rather the proposition
itself, had so little to do with the settlement of the
present question, that a large number of the mem-
bers of that Hoflse did not even consider it worth
while to vote upon it, himself among the number.
It was a mere abstraction. Will it be asserted*
continued Mr. T., that the North by this vote have
indicated any indisposition to carry out in good
faith all the rights given by the Missouri compro-
mise as it stands ? Let it not be done. It would
not only be wrong to do so, but, without saying
or intending any imputation asamst the gentleman
from Kentucky, this had nothing to do with the
question, was an abstraction, calculated to mislead
and place those who voted against it in a false po«
siuon. Will it besaid that uindicates that Statei
from Texas, under the compromise assignment,are
not to come in ? If so, it is wrong—a gross wrong.
I do say that 1 think tne Chair should have ruled
the motion out of order.
There is nothing that could be drawn from the
vote except the condemnation of an abstraction.
Sir, there should be no abstractions here. One
word further, sir, in regard to this controversy.
I must say that all propositions in regard to the
adoption of the Missouri compromise are entirely
out of the question now. Even the able advocate
of the Missouri compromise [Mr. Stanton, of
Tennessee,] ought to know this. Why do i say
so ? Sir, because it strikes at the foundation of
the hopes of the admission of California. Why,
to adopt the Missouri compromise now would be
to dismember, cut in two, California; it would be,
in efteet, a defeat of the bill for her ft Imission,
