104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
ncenes in oar annals in which it was their good
fortune to bear bo distinguished a part. As tftnem-
ber of the Committee on Foreign Relations, to
which it is proposed to refer this resolution, 1 shall
gladly avail myself of the sage counsels which may
Be offered upon the grave subject under considera-
tion by more experienced Senators, whether asso-
ciated with one or the other of the two great politi-
cal parties into which the country is divided.
My chief object in rising is to notice the remarks
with which the Senate has been just favored by
the honorable member from New York, who has
been pleased to take it upon himself to complain
that theSenator from Michigan has avowed (though
in mild and moderate language) his decided disap-
probation of the precipitate departure of the indi-
vidual nominated to the Austrian court; who has
not waited, as it was clearly his duty to do, for the
previous confirmation by this body of his appoint-
ment abroad. The honorable Senator from New
York says that he finds himself, by the conduct of
the Senator from Michigan complained of, " ex-
ceedingly embarrassed as the friend, the personal
friend, the unwavering friend, the devoted friend
of this foreign representative;"alleging at the same
time that he has " documents in his possession to
extenuate, and, as he believes, to remove the ac-
cusation of precipitate flight from before the Senate
of the United States;" and yet, he continues,
" these documents are of such a nuture that, in
justice to the domestic relations of that individual,
he is not at liberty to give them to the world."
Such are the precise words used by the honorable
Senator, who, I venture to say, will not undertake
to call in question my citation of them. Now,
Mr. President, I must say to that honorable Sen-
ator, to the Senate, and to the country, that I am
exceedingly surprised at the language which he
has presumed to hold in our hearing upon this
delicate and important question. I will remind
that Senator that the Constitution of the United
States has provided that the President " shall nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate shall appoint; ambassadors and other public
ministers," &c. Yes, sir, " by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate" is this appointing power
of the President to be exercised, and not otherwise;
and yet the honorable Senator from New York
undertakes to maintain that it is entirely proper
for an individual who has been simply designated
to a foreign mission by the Executive, and com-
missioned during the recess of the Senate, and only
a few days, too, before we were to reassemble
here for the purpose of either approving or dis-
approving such designation, and confirming or
rejecting the nominations made to us, with his
commission and salary in his pocket, to fly from
the country before he has allowed the Senate an
opportunity of determining upon the fitness or un-
fitness of his appointment. And, sir, the honorable
Senator undertakes to maintain the propriety of
such action on the part of his friend, not upon any
ground of public policy, not because there was
anything in our relations with Austria which made
it imperiously necessary that he should go thus
hastily upon the mission to which he has been
preferred; but, sir, the justification which he sets
up for his absent frienS is based alone upon do-
mestic considerations, of a nature so exceedingly
delicate, as he assures us, that he does not feel at
liberty to explain them at this time in our hearing,
or to do more than refer to them with something of
the mystical significance of the Pythian prophetess
herself.
Sir, this is extraordinary doctrine, and upheld
in an extraordinary manner. I cannot believe, for
one, I will not so cruelly wrong that high officer
and his official advisers as to suppose, that the
President and his Cabinet have given their sanc-
tion to this rash and indecent conduct of their dip-
lomatic emissary to the court of Austria. It would
not be easy to persuade me that the intention of
Colonel Webb to leave the country thus suddenly
was made known to the President of the United
States at all anterior t& his departure. The Presi-
dent has too often professed, and I doubt not sin-
cerely, his profound respect for the coordinate
departments of the Government, and his unwilling-
ness to encroaeh upon their constitutional powers
and privileges, to allow him, with any appearance
of consistency, to participate in so gross an insult
as has been perpetrated in this instance upon the
dignity of this body. So often have those now in
power avowed their apprehension of all undue
strengthening of-the Executive department of the
Government, at the expense of the Legislative, so
much dread have they heretofore avowed of the
increase of what they have emphatically called
" the one-man power " of our system, that it can-
not be possible that this most grievous encroach-
ment upon the authority of the Senate, this most
flagrant insult upon its dignity, car. either have
originated with the President and his Cabinet ad-
visers, or have been otherwise than decidedly con-
demned by them.
And yet, Mr. President, the manner in which
the honorable Senator from New York habitually
puts himself forward as the special defender of the
Administration, the leadership for which in this
Chamber he has, on all occasions, so authorita-
tively assumed, might almost induce one to suspect'
that the language which he has held here to-day
in defence of his editorial friend of the New York
Courier and Enquirer may have been advised at
the other end of the avenue, or may, at least, here-
after be approved in that quarter, but for certain
fads, familiar to us all, of a nature to awaken not
a little suspicion that the honorable Senator from
New Yoik is not in fact so specially and exclu-
sively authorized to represent the Administration
in this body as he seems himself to suppose.
It- is not for me, sir, to become the regular de-
fender of the President and his Cabinet against the
assaults or blundering advocacy of their own pro-
fessed friends; nor do I wish to be considered as
intending on this occasion to render to them more
than simple justice. Yet it is in my recollection,
and I beg leave to remind honorable Senators of
the fact, that early last Spring, even a day or two
before the inauguration scene of the 4th of March,
the honorable Senator from New York, according
to his own account of the matter, came to this city,
(whether by special invitation of the Executive or
not, I do not know,) and kindly took charge of the
interests of the incoming Administration in con-
nection with a most delicate and important question
then pending in Congress, and, if his own printed
statement be true, so managed matters in the two
wings of the Capitol, in the course of some twelve or
fifteen hours previous to the adjournment of thetwo
Houses of the National Legislature, as to defeat
the settlement of that territorial question which has
put the Union in such serious jeopardy, and to cut
off" our fellow-citizens of California and New Mex-
ico from that governmental protection and defence
to which they were so clearly entitled at our hands.
I do not assert, sir, that the honorable Senator was
actually as efficient in this affair as he has himself
claimed to h$ve been. Indeed, I have always
doubted whether his influence was very potentially
exerted on the occasion referred to. Nor am I
willing to take it for granted, upon any showing
that has yet been made in the case, that the acts of
the honorable Senator, as described by himself to
have been performed, have ever received the formal
sanction of the President. I will add, that my
respect for the high officer just alluded to, person-
ally, in spite of my political opposition to him, will
not permit me to lend easy credence to the state-
ments of an indiscreet friend, who, with a view to
increase his own consequence in the public estima-
tion, may possibly have claimed authority to rep-
resent the opinions and wishes of the President and
his Cabinet beyond that designed to be accorded
to him. And, sir, it is chiefly with a view to res-
cuing this Whig Administration from undeserved
discredit, and for the purpose of saving them from
being held responsible for the extraordinary lan-
guage of the Senator from New York this morning,
in connection with the mission to Vienna, that 1
will take upon myself to go a little into the particu-
lars of that nocturnal scene 3d of March last,
in which the Senator from New York claims the
honor of having figured so conspicuously.
I have said that the honorable Senator from New
York arrived in Washington a day or two before
the inauguration of the President. His advent had
certainly been anticipated by us all; but I feel that
1 can safely assert that no one here expected him
to participate very actively in the legislative pro-
ceedings of Congress, before he should have been
regularly qualified as a member of this bod y, wh ich
could not constitutionally take place until the 4th
of March had arrived. He reached this city, so
far as I know or have heard, without producing
any very profound sensation, either among the res-
ident population, the governmental functionaries,
or casual visiters to the metropolis of the nation,
of whom a vast number had already congregated.
There was no special ringing of bells or firing of
artillery to announce his approach; nor do I recol-
lect that the editorial notices of his arrival, in the
leading prints of this city, were sach as to awaken
any particular attention to the fact that a new Sen-
ator from the Empire State had reached our midst,
who would be at once appointed manager-general,
on the part of the Executive not yet inaugurated,
in and over the two houses of the National Legis-
lature. At this period the memorable amendment
to the civil and diplomatic appropiiation bill had
been introduced by the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,} had passed this body
after a fierce and long-protracted struggle, and was
awaiting the sanction of the House of Representa-
tives. The hope was confidently entertained, by
all the true friends of the Union, that the adoption
of this measure would forever settle the territorial
question, and secure to the patriots of the Republic
a signal and permanent triumph over the accursed
myrmidons of faction. Nothing had been more
clearly ascertained than the fact that this plan of
settlement, brought forward by the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, was the only plan the adop-
tion of which could be probably secured. It was
most clear to all minds, that if this plan should be
defeated, the country would continue to be har-
assed with the perilous controversy then in prog-
ress upon the most exciting question ever agitated
among us. It was equally obvious that no one
could feel interested in preventing the settlement of
thisquestion, except, perchance, some aspiring poli-
tician, who, aiming to accomplish his own advance-
ment to high public honors by sectional strife rather
than by intrinsic merit, might be inclined to throw
impediments in the w,ay of all schemes of fraternal
and fair arrangement. Certain it is that the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
with a liberal confidence highly creditable to its
framer, intrusted large additional power and pa-
tronage to a~ President in whose election he had
not participated, but in whose good sense and pu-
rity of heart all the supporters of that amendment
upon this floor professed to have entire confidence*
I believe I may add, without the hazard of contra-
diction, that General Taylor had himself expressed
a wish to his confidential friends that this scheme
of settlement should succeed. Under these cir-
cumstances, the honorable Senator from New
York, according to his own account of his achieve-
ments, entered upon his brilliant career as manager-
general. On the 29th of March last, he became
the historian of his own exploits, as the author of
a letter published in this city, in the columns of
the National Intelligencer, in which he states that,
" on the morning of the 3d of March, (the last day
of the late session of Congress,) General Taylor,
Mr. Clayton, the present Secretary of State, and
Mr. Ewing, the Secretary of the Interior, severally
called his attention to the necessity of having
some form of civil government for California es-
tablished before Congress should adjourn." Yes,
sir, these distinguished functionaries are asserted
by the honorable Senator from New York to
have " severally called his attention to the neces-
sity of having a civil government for California
established before Congress should adjourn."
This, sir, is truly a most surprising statement.
The two houses of Congress had been gravely
considering this matter for months. Many of the
sagest men in the Republic had been engaged night
and day in maturing some scheme for the settle-
ment of this great territorial question. Whigs
and Democrats seemed—in this body, at least—to
some extent, to have concurred in supporting the
plan of the Senator from Wisconsin. Some of the
ablest and most experienced members of the Whig
party to be found in the Republic were known to
be then occupying seats m the two houses of Con-
gress. The attractions of the anticipated inaugural
scene had drawn together, in addition, a large
number of the wisest and most patriotic citizens
belonging to the nation. Instead of permitting
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin to
become part of the law of the land,and thus closing
the controversial strife which had been so long
distracting the country—instead of urging upon
his friends in the two houses of Congress to coop-
erate efficiently and zealously in securing the con-
summation of this noble scheme of pacification—
instead of calling around him the wisest and
weightiest men of his party, and soliciting their
advice—the President and his Cabinet are described
