1<8©0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13.
to result m nothing bat the consumption of time,
without leading to any beneficial result. Nor do
I now intend to discuss the amendment before the
committee, but to speak in dbedfenee to an impulse
Which I cannot resist. I endeavored to obtain the
floor at the conclusion of the remarks made by the
honorable member from North Carolina, [Mr.
Veuable,] tt> give utterance to feelings which I
entertain, and which I now have an opportunity to
declare. I wish to advert to the allusion made,
and the manner in which it was made by that gen-
tleman, to my colleague from the Galena district,
that he was born in a foreign land. I do- it not as
an act necessary for my colleague. He is abund-
antly able tb ta'ke care of himself, his character,
and his reputation, whenever and wherever as-
sailed. I take upon myself no such duty. But I
vrsh to siay t6 the gentleman from North Carolina,
that if he had sderrmy colleague where I have seen
him, and known him uftder the circumstances 1
have known him, his own self-respect Would have
deterred him from making the allusion which he
has made to my colleague upon the floor ©f this
House, and he would appreciate the motive which
impels me to say what I now do-. Sir, in the
battles of his country, my colleague has carved
the evidence of his American citizenship, and the
evidence of his devotion to the Government under
which he lives. The military dispatches in your
national archives, contain the recorded proof of
his gallantry, his earnest zeal in the vindication of
the rights of his country, and m the promotion of
its glory and its power, and, sir, these proofs will
remain, when all such petty flouts and flings, to-
' gether with their authors, are forgotten. If that
love of country, which found utterance upon this
floor, from my colleague on a late occasion, in one
of the most eloquent appeals in behalf of the
Union ever spoken, shall be equalled by all the
gentlemen of this body, the country will be safe,
come what may. Unkind and uncalled for as
such an allusion would be, if made by any Ameri-
can citizen, it seems to me doubly so, coming from
a gentleman so long a prominent member of the
s Democratic party—com posed, as I have ever be-
lieved that party to be, of thefriendsof the foreigner
comingamong us, and the enemies of Native Ame-
ricanism—coming, too, from a gentleman who was,
i believe, a friend to the soldier, and a supporter of
the late war in which my colleague bore so hon-
orable a part. Sir, I can say all this in the expres-
sion of my own feelings, and, I tfust, without im-
propriety, differing as I do from my colleague on
most political and all party questions, and op-
posing him as I always have opposed him, upon
those questions. The expression of the gentleman
from North Carolina, to which 1 have adverted,
shows how far we are wandering from the true
point of discussion, and the danger there is of de-
stroying all those feelings of personal regard and
consideration, without which this hall will become
a mere den of dissension.
Nor can I forbear to notice the disclaimers just
heard, of threats having been made by gentlemen
of the South, relative to the overthrow of this
Government and the dissolution of this Union,
and the charge made that similar threats have
come from the North. I know that there is a
miserable gang of fanatics here from the Noith—
miserable from its paucity of numbers, but more
miserable for its' political depravity, whose wish,
as indicated by the conduct of those who com-
pose it, is for the overthrow of this Union. I
pray for their speedy political destruction, and I
believe it will come. But, sir, it is also true, that
from the time when, at the commencement of this
session of Congress, the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] with brows knit in fury, and
a voice thundering with denunciations, told us
that, unless certain things were done, he would,
as far as he was concerned, " let discord reign
forever." Down to this hour, we have heard
from different gentlemen of the South language
which, if it means anything, means that, unless
Congress will refrain from doing what 1 am sure
will not be done, or do what I am equally sure it
will not do, that the bond of Confederation 3hall
be severed, the Federal partnership ended, and the
Union of these States overthrown. The country
knows of these declarations. The records of our
debates laid daily before the people show them.
Such, sir, are the facts, and 1 am pained that they
exist. And, sir, these threats and these denun-
ciations have done more to alienate from them the
feelings, if not to drive from their support, thosfe
members of this House from the North who
have heretofore been the opponents of the " pro-
viso," and who have been anxious to cooperate
with them for the settlement of the existing diffi-
culties hi ft manner not offensive to any portion of
the Union, than all other causes put together.
For myself, I am ready to vote for any reasonable
measure or set of meetsures which will effect the
settlement of these distracting questions. I will
vote for the admission of California as she is, as a
measure by itself. If I cannot get her a& a separate
measure, 1 Will vote for her combined With other
measures, for the disposition of our territorial ac-
quisitions, not in themselves utterly odioae. The
people demand a settlement of these questions at our
hands. They have £ right to demand it. N6r do
they Stickle for any particular mode of settle-
ment, or forms of phraseology by which it ma^
be done. These are all petty points, compared
with the magnitude of the object to be attained—
mere whims, in which the people feel no interest.
Let an-adjustment be made, and made at once, on
any reasonable basis, and, notwithstanding all
we have heard by factionists, ftinaucs and ultras,
the whole people—north, south, cast and west—
will send up from their hearts one united shout of
joy that will put to shame1, that Will stifle, that
will drown forever any contemptible bickerings of
disappointed mischief-breeders, that may seek ex-
pression in the midst of a nation's jubilee. Illu-
minations will beautify your cities in commemo-
ration of the auspicious event, and from every hill
top the blaze of bonfires shall light up the whole
land, indicating, though but feebly and faintly,
that glory which will then await us, and which
1 trust will endure forever. He withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment, and re-
sumed. The gentleman from New York avows
his readiness to support the principle affirming the
right of the people of a territory in forming a
State constitution, to admit or reject slavery, and
explains his vote against the amendment, affirming
that principle upon his opposition to all amend-
ments to the California bill. Why this opposi-
tion? What reason is there for it? It is in order.
It has precedent m its favor. The Missouri com-
promise was introduced as an amendment to the
bill admitting Missouri into the Union; and there
is no parliamentary or other sufficient reason for
offering it at this time or rn this place. Where
would the gentleman have it? In what form
would he affirm the principle ?
Mr. DUER here explained that he had given
notice of a bill allowing New Mexico to come into
the Union at once, and the rest of the territory as
soon as the population should be sufficient.
Mr. T. resumed and said: Then you would in-
troduce the principle in a bill to admit New
Mexico, but not in a bill to admit California into
the Union. I am unable to see the reasons of its
appropriateness in the one bill and not in the other,
and I apprehend the principle will be hard'to find.
The member from Boston [Mr. Wint^ro*]
denies my right, from our relations, to call him to
the floor. Call him to theflooy! Whether he
comes to the floor or not, is a matter wholly in-
different to me, but if he supposes that, because
I thought him unfit to preside over this House,
that therefore his speeches and public career here
are exempt from my ciiticism and such comments
as I may choose to make upon either, he is mis-
taken. As to his hypothetical remark about "hurl-
ing back insults," 1 find such remarks, from such
a source, difficult to reply to, especially as I make
it a point not to quarrel here; but if he is respon-
sible as a gentleman for what he utters a£a mem-
ber of this House, and will drop his hypothesis,
and put down his hands as becomes a gentleman,
I shall then be relieved of all difficulty in the case.
But notwithstanding that member's usual lauda-
tion of his own openness and candor, he took his
seat, leaving the point unsettled. He does not
yet state, and I doubt if he can be brought to
state, whether or not he Would vote to admit the
rest of the territory as States into the Union,
with constitutions protecting African Slavery,
The President's plan avows this principle, the
member professes to'be for the plan; but 1 do not
believe that profession to be siricefc, and I oifer
him the opportunity to speak out. As to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer,] if he
waits-until he gets a vote on hry biU to tot New
Mexico into the Union before he affirms this
great principle, he is hot likely to be soon embar-
rassed by the question. No considerable portion of
Congress or the country can seriously entertain
the idea of admitting the population of New Mexi-
co to the exercise of the rights of a sovereign State
of this Union. The proposition is Monstrous.
Mr. DUER. Did not the gentleman fronfi
Georgia vote to admit them into the UnioW at the
last session of Congress ?
Mr. TOOMBS, (r6'sumift"g.) No, &ir; ho, sir.
No such proposition ever was voted for ift Con-
gress that I know of. If the gentian alluded
to the bill of the present Secretary of the Navy,
Of the last session, I heive to say, I did not vote
for that bill, and I do not think, from the
shape it Assumed, and by the vote of thfc
North, that it got any votes at all. I was in
favor of the bill as introduced by its author;
but i!t embraced all California, and upon a calcu-
lation then made which proved to be correct, it
was supposed there would be above a hundred
thousand AmeVfcan citizens in the limits of th6
proposed State of California, tinder the then cir-
cumstances of the country, as I have before said,
I was in favor of its passage, and would support
it again under the same circumstances. But, si*,
the idea of admitting New Mexico now, wfth her
present population of Mexicans and mixed breeds,
undoubtedly the most worthless and ignorant pop-
ulation on this continent, would be met frith a
spirit of derision all over the Republic-.
I canftot be induced by any power whatever to
betray the rights of those I represent, by the adop-
tion Of any schema of measures. I have never
said upon this floor what my constituents will or
will not do. I have spoken only for myself. If
their rights are ever surrendered they must per-
form that work. The member from' Illinois [Col.
Baker] seems to have taken chargc of southern
sentiment and opinion. He affects to know what
the people of the South will do in every emergen-
cy. He seems to count upon their submission to
his acts of oppression upon the principle that he
caA't see how they are to help themselves. It is
not strange that he does not know how national
rights may be defended and public liberty pre-
served. But the descendants of the earlier emi-
grants from his country did find out in 1776 what
is incomprehensible to him now. They affirmed
and maintained the great principle that, when gov-
ernments failed to perform their duties, it was
the right and duty of the people to overthrow
them and' establish better on'#^. This is the sol-
vent of all tyraftni'es—the will to be free.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAKER, after having renewed the propo-
sition to amend, said': I beg leave to trouble the
committee once more, svnee the course of the d'e-
bate seems to be somewhat personal, although not
altogether so; but whatever of a personal nature
there may be, I trust I shall not be frightened from
my temper or propriety. I do not see what the
birth-place of an individual so humble as myself
can possibly have to do with California; and per-
haps i'ought to be'obliged to the gentleman for
dignifying me, by connecting my name for a mo-
ment with such a controversy. But no man feels
altogether satisfied to have his position studiously-
misrepresented, and I appeal to the candor of the
gentleman, with whom my associations have hith-
erto been agreeable if not friendly, to inform me
what my ancestors, up to father Adam, have to do
with the admission of California into t'his Union.
Whether they came from Great Britain or any-
where else, it can make but little difference so far
as this question is concerned.
But, while I acknowledge the grace and mag-
nanimity with which my colleague has spoken for
me, I desire to say, atao, fair myself, that if any
gentleman on this ffoor, directly or indirectly,
means to impute to me that, because my first breath
may have been drawn in a foreign iand, and be-
cause my eyes first opened to the light of another
sky, that I" am not m mind, heart, feelings, pur-
poses, and intentions, as true to the land of my
childhood, and the land of my choicc, as the man
who dares impugn me, he says what is from the
beginning untrue in word and act and thought and
deed—that which is utterly and entirely untrue.
Sir, I have proved it, as my colleague ha3Said; 1
have bared my bosom to the battle on the north-
western frontier in my youth, and on the south-
western frontier in my m&nhdoth I* Earned
