106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
a most prying, ingenious, and active class, will
manage to cast still more and more eonfusion over
the afmple field of conjecture. Old men will talk
wisely over the supposed domestic distresses of
the unhappy Webb. Young men will jest sport-
ively, and with all the ludicrous aggravations
which a mischievous vivacity can engender. The
whole country, sir, will be infallibly occupied for a
month or two to come in considering the overpow-
ering domestic woes which have come upon the
once happy editor of the Courier and Enquirer of
New York; and .without some speedy explanatibn
of the mystery now existing, the world at large
will come to the conclusion, in less than three
months, that General James Watson Webb, our
nominated minister to "Vienna, is the most unhap-
py man in everything touching his domestic con-
cerns to be found in all Christendom. The honor-
able Senator from New York has certainly been
particularly unfortunate of late. It was but the
other day that he was very near ruining the fair
fame, and destroying the well-earned popularity of
the illustrious champion of temperance, the Rev-
erend Theobald Mathew, by fixing upon him the
odium of abolition. Now, he has succeeded in ef-
fectually disgracing his own special friend and edi-
torial advocate by adding to the discredit of official
delinquency the suspicion of domestia infelicity.
Well might the unfortunate gentleman, who is
now, perhaps, drinking Tokay at Austrian tables,
or smiling joyously beneath the glances of impe-
rial condescension, exclaim, with all the emphasis
appropriate to persecuted innocence, " Save me
from my friends, and I'll take care of my enemies."
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, as this resolution
proposes a very great change in the foreign policy
of this country, in case of its adoption, I hope the
vote will not be pressed at the present time, but
will be postponed to some future day.
Mr. FOOTE said that, for one, He would vote
for the postponement, to enable Senators on the
other side of the Chamber to express their opinions.
Mr. HALE remarked that he had a few words
which he wished to say, but he did not then wish
to take up the time of the Senate. He would
therefore move to lay the motion to refer on the
table, for the present, and stated that he would
himself call it up again.
Mr. CASS observed that this was only a resolu-
tion of inquiry, and any debate upon it could be
had when it was reported upon by the committee.
Mr. HALE. I know, as well as the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that it is only a resolution
of inquiry; but, as a resolution of inquiry, it is
more open to fair and unprejudiced discussion now
than it will be when it comes before us from the
committee, backed up with the decision for it or
against it. Or it may be that the committee, in its
prudence and discietion, may make the same dis-
position of it that the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee intimated would be made of another
matter which it was proposed to refer to them—
that is, to take eare that it should not see the light
again, if it was sent to them. That may probably
be the case with this resolution. But as it is now
before u3, and as such a wide field as this has been
opened, covering not only the merits of Austria,
but also of General James Watson Webb, it seems
to me that this is a fair place to meet it in; and I
wish that it may be postponed until such time as
may suit the convenience of the Senate, as I have
a few words that I wish to say, though but a few.
Mr. KING suggested that it be postponed to a
certain day-
Mr. HALE withdrew his motion to lay upon
the table, and moved that the further considera-
tion of the resolution be postponed till Monday
next, at which time he would himself call it up
again.
Mr. FOOTE said, as he wished his resolution
to bscome the order of the day on Monday, he
would suggest that the postponement reach only
till to-morrow.
A Senator remarked that the Senate would
probably adjourn over to-morrow.
Mr. FOOTE then suggested that it be postponed
to Tuesday next.
Mr. HALE not acquiescing in the suggestion,
the question was taken upon his motion to post-
pone until Monday next; which was decided in
affirmative.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave of the Senate to introdnce a bill author-
izing new selections of land in lieu of worthless
school sections, or sections of inferior quality, and
for other purooses.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet on
Monday next.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and after some time so
spent, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 7, 1850.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and said, it would be
recollected that the rules of the last House of Repre-
sentatives had been adopted for the government of
the present House until the 15th day of the cur-
rent month; and that a committee had been ap-
pointed to recommend such amendments or modi-
fications as might appear requisite. The commit-
tee had had the subject under consideration, and had
instructed him to report certain amendments. He
would ask that the report be laid upon the table
and printed, and that it be made the special order
of the day for Thursday next.
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness, and gave notice that he should object to
everything that was out of the regular course.
Mr. KAUFMAN appealed to Mr. Inge to with-
draw his objection.
Mr. INGE did not withdraw it.
Mr. KAUFMAN (addressing the Speaker)
said he believed that it was in order to-day to
move a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, to enable him to make the
report, and the motions he had indicated concern-
ing it.
And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
ed ?" was taken, and decided in the affirmative—
ayes 112, noes 43."
. Mr. KAUFMAN then presented the report;
and, on his motion, it was laid on the table, or-
dered to be printed, and made the special order of
the day for Thursday next.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MORTON rose and said, that he had risen
for the purpose of exercising the privilege, under
the permission and courtesy of the House, of ex-
plaining his position, and repelling assaults made
upon him in his official capacity.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Morton] asks the unanimous consent
of the House to make a personal explanation.
Objections were made.
So Mr. Morton resumed his seat.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The regular business is the
execution of the order heretofore adopted by the
House, in relation to the election of officers. The
gentlemen appointed as tellers on a former occa-
sion aie requested to resume their seats at the
Clerk's table..
Thereupon, Messrs Thompson of Pennsylva-
nia, Crowell of Ohio, White of New York,
and Haralson of Georgia, resumed their seats
at the Clark's table.
The roll was then called; when the tellers re-
ported that 220 votes had been given; necessary to
a choice 111; of which
Mr. John W. Forney received 107
Mr. Thomas J. Campbell.  94
Mr. C. W.Phileo  6
Mr. Nathan Sargent  3
Mr. Solomon Foot    3
Mr. Benjamin B. French  2
Mr. John H. C. Mudd  2
Mr. D. W. C. Clark  2
Mr. P. B. Prindle  1
220
The following is the vote in detail:
For John TV. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Stale, Bissell, Bocock, Booth,Bovvdon,Bowlin,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, J.
Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, H. Cobb, W. R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dun-
ham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry,
Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson-, f. G. Harris, 8. W.
Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kauf-
man, La Sere, Leffier, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, Mc-i
Clernand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLanc, McMullen, McQueen, Mc Willie, Meade, Miller,
Milson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson,
Venabie, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey,
Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For Thomas J. Campbell—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, An-
drews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell/*Joseph
P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Clingman,-Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fieedley, Goode-
now, Gott, Gould, Grinneil, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Hay-
mond, Henry, HiUiard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
James L. johnson, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Marshall, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Mooie, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis. Outlaw, Owen, Phoe-
nix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Scnermerhorn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly,
Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson. Toombs, Underhill, Vinton, Watkins, White,
Williams, Wilson, and Winihrop.
For Mr Pki/eo—Messrs. Allen, Durkee, Giddings, Julian,
Preston King, and Wilmot.
For Mr. Sargent—Messrs. Crowell, Horace Mann, and
Turk.
For Mr. J%)ot—Messrs. Hebard, Matteson, and Dickey.
For Mr. MvM—Messrs. Chester Butler, Alexander Evans.
For Mr. Clark—Messrs. Thurman and Meaciiam.
For Mr. Prindle— Mr. Alexander.
No choice.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by the hands of
Colonel Bliss, his Private Secretary.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, rose and said that he
desired to make a personal explanation, and to ask
the consent of the House to be excused from
voting. About a week ago 
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] desired the
unanimous consent of the House to explain his
reasons'for asking to be excused from voting.
No objection having been made—
Mr. HARRIS proceeded to say, that abofct a
week ago he had agreed to pair off with Mr. Kerr.
He (Mr. H.) supposed that that gentleman would
return at the commencement of the present week.
As the gentleman did not answer to his name, he
(Mr. H.) had not voted. He hoped the House
would excuse him from voting until the gentle-
man's return.
Mr. H. was excused.
The roll was then called the fourth time; the
tellers reported that 219 votes had been given in;
necessary to a choice 110; of which
Mr. Forney received   107
Mr. Campbell 95
Mr. Phileo    6
Mr. Foot..   5
Mr. Sargent    3
Mr. French         2
Mr. Clark    1
219
The following is the vote in detail;
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt,
Joseph Cahle, G. A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock. Daniel, Dimmick,
Dtsney, Doty, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Grlmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett,
HttU, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson,
Sampson W. Harris, Isham G. Harris, Hibhard, Hoaelnnd,
Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson. Robert
W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere, Lefilcr, Littlefield,
Job Mann,Ma°on, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Lanahan, R. M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen. McWillie,
Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker,
Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins,
Robinson, Roes, Savaae, Sawtelle, Seddon, F. P. Stanton,
R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson, Venabie,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood,
Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Alexander, AMon, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bokee, Breck, Briargs, Brooks,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cling-
man, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freed-
iey, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grftwell, Halloway, Hampton,
Hay, Haymond, Hebard. Henry, Hilliard, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, "Jackson, JamesL. Johnson, Daniel P. Kins,George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Marshall,
McKissock, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Read,
