108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7/
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Abraham Byrd, a citi-
zen of Cape Girardeau county, Missouri, praying Congress
to confirm a title founded on a Spanish concession to a tract
of land in said county and State.
Also, the petition of the heirs of James Russell, of the
county of Cape Girardeau, State of-Missouri, praying Con-
gress to confirm a title founded on a Spanish concession to
a tract of land in said county and State. Both of which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of A. Wheeler and twenty-three others,
citizens of Ripley county, Missouri, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Van Buren.in the county of Rip-
ley, via Widow McFadden's, of Black river, in the county
of Wayne, to Greenville, in the county last aforesaid.
Also, the petition of Robert P. Slaughter and sixty-two
others, citizens of Missouri and Illinois, along the route
proposed, praying the establishment of a mail route from
Apple Creek Post Office, in the county of Cape Girardeau,
via Wittenberg, and crossing the Mississippi at Wood and
Spruce's Fetry, and intersecting the mite leading from Cairo
to Chester, Illinois, a.t Murfreesboro', 3 distance in all of
about thirty-six miles. Both of which were referred to the
Committee On the Post Office and" Post Roads.
Also, the petition of G. A. Walker and sixty-one others,
citizens of Missouri, praying the establishment of a com-
mercial route between the western limits of Missouri and
California, whereby the citizens may be accommodated with
a safe, cheap, and direct transmission in the interchanges of
products between California and the valley of the Mississip-
pi. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of John Roinain, a soldier of the late
war with Great Britain, and now a citizen of St. Louis
county, Missouri, praying for a pension on account of
wounds received whilst in the service of the United States
during that war, which have so disabled htm in his old age
as to render him incapable of labor for a support; which
was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition of Michael Conrad and one hundred
and seven others, citizens of the county of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, and township ofCarondelet, praying Congress to con-
firm their survey of commons as surveyed and established
by Surveyors General Rector, McRea, Willbum, and Lang-
ham ; which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Also, the petition of Napoleon Brown, Arabra Brown, and
Catharine Brown, citizens of Wayne countv, Missouri,
praying to be allowed to change certain land entries made
under mistake, by which they have lost their improvements
pf fourteen years, and their entry falls upon lands utterly
valueless. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The petition of John
B. Richeson, and other heirs of Colonel Holt Richeson,
claiming compensation for the revolutionary services of said
Holt Richeson.
Also, the petition of Joseph D. Ward, for a pension, on
account of wounds received in the Mexican war.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Lee, and 298 other citizens
of Mason and Lewis counties, Kentucky, protesting against
the employment of chaplains by Congress, or in the army
or navy, and declaring appropriations of the public reve-
nues for that purpose unconstitutional.
Also, the petition of Win. Greer, praying payment of a
balance due for printing.
Also, the petition of John S. Devlin, of the United States
marine corps, praying that he may be paid the usual allow-
ance granted to an Assistant Quartermaster.
By Mr. GERRY: The memorial of C. J. Abbott, adminis-
trator of the estate of Otis Little, and others, of Castine,
Maine, pravingfor indemnity for French spoliations prior to
the year 1800; and asked that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of Wm. Hall and 150 others; and of
Deacon John Sibley and 125 other?, praying the abolition of
the office of chaplain, wherever now employed at the ex-
pense of the Government.
[Mr. GERRY desired to say, in presenting these petitions,
that while he could not concur in the views of the petition-
ers, as set forth in their memorial, still, entertaining a pro-
found respect for the right of petition, and a high regard for
the memorialists, he asked that the petitions be read, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.]
By Mr. RISLEY : The petition of Josmh Haight and other
citizens of Chautauque county.New York, praying Congress
to grant an appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
at the mouth of Cattaraugus creek. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of John C. Van Duyerand other citizens
of Chautauque county, New York, praying Congress to pass
a law giving pensions to the widows of all revolutionary
soldiers. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. HOAGLAND: A resolution of the General As-
sembly of the State of Ohio, asking for the pas«age of a law
reducing the price of the public lands in the vicinity of the
Wabash and Erie and Miami Extension canals. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. MASON: The petition of Uriah Wilson, for a
pension for services in the Indian wars. The petition of
Joseph Carter, for a pension. The petition of John Jones,
fora pension. The petition ofthe heirs of Thomas Fletcher,
deceased, praying that the executors of said deceased be
released from a certain bond payable to the United States;
which were referred sippropriatelv.
By Mr- THOMPSON, of Mississippi: The petition of John
Fisher and 53 others, citizens of Mississippi, praving the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Aberdeen, Mississippi, via
Camargo, Harrisburg, Eilistown, to Ripley, Mississippi. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Bv Mr. PHOENIX: Petition of 145 merchants in the city
of New York, engaged in foreign commerce, for "an act to
limit the responsibility of ship owners and for other pur-
poses.^
Also, the petition of William G. Boucknor, executor of
the estate of J. J, Bulow, jr., to be indemnified for property
destroyed by the Seminole Indians while in the occupancy-
ofthe United States troops.
Also, the petition of Catharine Clark, widow of Joseph
Clark, a seaman, for a pension.
AI30, six several petitions from citizens, merchants, bank-
ers, 8cc., praying for a mint in the cUy of New York.
Also, a petition from citizens of New York in favor of a
reduction in the rates of postage.
Mr. P. moved Jhat the petition and papers relating to the
claim of Robert Roberts be taken from the files and referred
to the Committee ofClatrris. Agreed to.
Mr. P. also moved to take from the files the papers rela-
ting to the duty, on maize destroyed by fire in New York in
1845, and that they be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. Agreed to.
By Mr. 'BRIGGS : A memorial for the establishment of a
Branch Mint in the eity of New York, signed by Cyrus P.
Smith and others. Referred to tbe Committee of Ways and
Means.
By Mr. CROWEM,: The petition of James Francis for a
pension, in consideration ofinjunes received during the late
war with Great Britain. Referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Bv Mr. WALLACE: The petition of the Hon. William
T. NichoHs, and twenty-seven other citizens of South Car-
olina, praying that a mail route be established from Pacolet
Mills 10 White Plains, in the said State; and asked that the
same be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. FREEDLEY : The petition of William D. Shaw,
for compensation for beefsupplied to the United States troops
at Fort Gibson, in the Crer k Nation, in 1842.
Also, the petition of John Coltman, son of Capt. Robert
Coltman. of the revolutionary army, for compensation for
revolutionary services rendered.
By Mr. GRINNELL: The petition of citizens of Nan-
tucket, for a light-hou«e on the west end of that island.
Also, of citizens of Massachusetts for cheap postage.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition of the
heirs of Gen. Baron De Kalb.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Lieut. Wadley Noyes of
the revolutionary army.
Also, the petition of Job Dennen for relief on account of
seizure and condemnation of his schooner Director, by the
British.
Also, the petition of William R. Robinson and others, for
relief on account of French spoliations.
By Mr. BURROWS : Tbe memorial of Luther Wiismvand
320 other citizens of the State of New York, asking t«ggfi
act may be passed directing a survey to be made of"1Twenre
Mile Creek and vicinity, in the county of Niagara, New
York, with a view to the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of said creek. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By M'. FITCII, of Indiana : The petition of citizens of
Pulaski and While counties, Indiana, for a post route from
Lafayette through Monticello and Winawac to Plymouth.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. UNDERHILL : The petition of sundry citizens of
New York for an appropriation to remove the rocks in Hurl-
gate, New York. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Thomas H. Leggett, of New York,
for the return of certain duties. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland : The petition of George F.
Warfield, praviiur indemnity for French spoliations com-
mitted prior to 1800.
Also, the petition of Mary Lee and others upon the same
subject.
Also, the memorial of Elizabeth Ring, of Baltimore, widow
of Captain Thomas Ring, praying the like indemnity. All
which several memorials and petitions were, upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Evans, referred to the Committee of Claim?.
Bv Mr. DOTY: The petition of the Governor and Board
of Public Works of the State of Wisconsin, for a grant of a
certain military reservation, to aid in the improvement of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
Also, the petition of cihzens of the county of Manitoo-
woc, asking an appropriation to improve the harbor at the
mouth of the Mamtoownr* rivpr.
Also, the petition of H. N. Ross and one hundred and
twentv-nine citizens of the county of Sheboygan, asking the
reduction of postage to two cents, and that the privilege of
franking be abolished.
Also, the petition of citizens of the State of Wisconsin,
asking the parage of a law to authorize the Postmaster
General to contract for earning the mail from Buffalo to
Detroit, through Canada, during the suspension ofnavigation
on the Lakes.
AI30, the petition for an appropriation to improve the har-
bor at Maniioowoc.
Also, the petition for a mail route from Dartford by State
Center and White river settlement, to the county seat of
Portage countv, in Wisconsin.
By Mr. SILVESTER* The petition of JehielTuttle for
a pension. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition of Hannah Ten Broeck, for a pension.
Referred to tbp Comm'ttee on Pension®.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of the Trustees of the
First Presbyterian Church m Yorktown, Westchester coun-
tv, New York, praying for the payment of their church edi-
fice, parsonage, &c., burnt by the British in the revolution-
ary war. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition ofByard & Paul, and other citizens of
New York, praying for an appropriation to remove obstruc-
tions in the Hurlgate channel, near New York harbor.
By Mr. YOUNG: The petition of his Excellency Augus-
tus C.French, (Governor of the State of Illinois,) John
Moore, and five others, citizens of Illinois, asking Congress
to grant to Jacob Shy a quarter section of land, in consider-
ation of disability incurred in the military service of the
United States, in the army of the Northwest, under General
Harrison. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of James Eagleton and one hundred
and fifteen others, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Lawrenceville, in Lawrence county, Illinois, to Rob-
inson, in Crawford county, Illinois. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Samuel Baker and one hundred and
sixteen others, asking Congress to grant to the volunteers
who served in tbe Northwestern Territory, between the
years 1783 and 1795, the same relief that is now given to sol-
diers who served in the revolutionary war j or that a 'special
act may be passed, allowing said Baker the same relief that
is extended to soldiers of the revolutionary war. Referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the petition of Thomas Spencer, of Illinois, asking a
pension in consideration of military services rendered in the
Wabash country, under General Clark, and for other mili-
taty services. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Also, the petition of David Murphy and 53 others, citizens
of Effingham county, in the State of Illinois, remonstrating
against the appropriation of the national funds to support a
national clergy for the Houses of Congress, for the army and
navy, for military schools and Indian stations. Referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of H. Alexander and William Wilson,
late register and receiver of the land office at Palestine, in
the State of Illinois, and James McLean, present register,
asking that the same compensation may be allowed to each
officer on lands already located and on those.that may be
located hereafter with land warrants, as is allowed where
lands are located with money. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Joseph Allison and 42 others, asking
the establishment of a mail-route, in Illinois, from Marshall,
in Clark county, through Salisbury, in Coles county, by
Campbell and Springville post offices, to Shelbyville, in
Shelby county.
Also, tbe petition of William Dryden and 42 others, citi-
zens of Coles county, in tbe Stile of Illinois, for the same
purpose. Referred to the Committee on the Post Offices and
Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. GERRY, it was
Ordered* That the petition and papers in the ca«se of Nat.
Davis, William Gove, and Benjamin Cresey be taken from
the files of this House and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs:
On motion by Mr.'GERRY, it was also
Ordered, That the petitions and papers in the case of
David Towle be taken from the files of this House and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 7, 1850.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of the Ie al
representatives of William Ham; a memorial of
John McClintock and others, of Portsmouth, New-
Hampshire; a memorial of the heirsat-law of
Samuel Hill; and a memorial of Elizabeth H.
Thacker, asking indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, the petition of Lois Brewster, widow of a*
revolutionary soldier, asking to be allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
LIBERIA.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of John D.
D. Rosset, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial from EtherShepley and others,
citizens of Portland, Maine, asking that the Re-
public of Liberia, in Africa, may be acknowledged
as an independent nation. =
This petition, said the honorable gentleman,
sets forth facts which are known to the Senate 
that the Republic of Liberia has .been acknowl-
edged by some of the governments-of Europe, and
is now in successful progress; that it has succeed-
ed in the establishment of its government, and in
establishing schools, and churches, and other in-
stitutions. They therefore ask us to unite in its
recognition as a republic. I move that it be re-
ferred, without reading, to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The memorial was referred accordingly.
TRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. GREENE presented the memorial of Wm.
C. Gibbs and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the
heirs of Andrew Glassell, and the memorial ofthe
heirs of John Dunlop, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
PATENTS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented four petitions from
manufacturers of shoe lasts, and other citizens of
Massachusetts, praying to be protected against for-
eign violations of their patent rights.
He also presented the memorial of Thomas
Blanchard, inventor of a machine called " Blanch-
ard's self-directing machine," asking to be pro-
tected against violations of his patent right.
I present these memorials, said the honorable
gentleman, from various parts of the country,
