1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
the last ten years, been honored with a seat in one
or the other branches of her legislature, in which
he informs me that, for two or three weeks pre-
vious to the writing of his letter, he had been in
attendance at the sitting of the Circuit and District
Court of the United Slates, holden at the capital
of that State; that he had seen and conversed with
gentlemen from all parts of the State, and leading
men of both the great political parties, and that he
had not met with a single individual who was not
in favor of the general adjustment of the measures
embraced iu the compromise bill, and upon the
basis proposed by that bill; and, as confirmatory
of Jiis statement, he mentions an incident that it
will not be out of place or improper for me to state
here. The grand jury in attendance at the court I
have mentioned, numbering some seventeen or
eighteen of the picked citizens from various quar-
ters of the State, and about equally divided in po-
litical sentiment, proceeded, before closing their
officii labors, to declare on paper their opinions
in reference to the exciting and perplexing ques-
tions now agitating the country, North, South,
East, and West, and concluded with a most earn-
est expression of the hope and wish that all might
be settled before the adjournment of Congress upon
a just, equitable, and constitutional basis, declar-
ing their concurrence and approval of the princi-
ples contained in the bill now before this body.
My correspondent further adds, as an evidence of
the undivided state of public sentiment there, that
the court ordered the opinion of the jury, thus
informally embodied, to be entered on the minutes
of the proceedings of the court, and requested their
publication in the newspapers located at the capital.
I have said thus much by way of an offset to
the wholesale condemnation of this measure by
that portion of the citizens of Ohio who have
signed the remonstrancejust presented by the hon-
orable Senator from that. State, [M.r. Chase,] and
at the same time to congratulate the Senate and
country on the very wholesome state of public sen-
timent prevailing in Indiana compared to that in
her adjoining sister State, Ohio; but, sir, I hope—
though I have no right to speak for Ohio, nor shall
I attempt to do so—but I hope, if the sentiments
embraced in the memorial just read prevail in Ohio,
they will not pass beyond her western boundary.
I should be sorry, truly sorry to realize that any
part of my constituency, at least any considerable
poition of them, were so blind to what I believe
for the honor, interest, the peace and quietude of
this Union, as to oppose all measures looking to a
final adjustment of these questions.
Sir, I am not mistaken when I declare that the
sound-thinking, practical men of the greatand grow-
ing West, of all parties, are tired of this eternal
agitation. The public mind is wearied and worn out
with it, and every voice that reaches my ears but
confirms me in the opinion that it is due alike to
the Union, to our constituents, and ourselves to
settle all these questions, and that without further
delay.
Mr. CHASE. I have not undertaken to speak
of or for the people of Indiana. I have not even
expressed an opinion as to the sentiments of the
whole people of Ohio. I but repeated the state-
ment of the eminent citizen who transmitted that
remonstrance to me, and who had the honor, 1 be-
lieve, of standing side by side with the Senator
from Indiana m the last presidential struggle. The
honorable Senator and that gentleman supported
the same candidate upon the same platform. I
will not say that my friend displayed an ability
and zeal equal to that of the Senator, for that
would be going very far, but certainly distin-
guished ability and uncommon zeal. He states the
prevailing sentiment of that portion of the State in
which he resides, and I have no doubt that he states
it correctly. But he is not alone. Among the
signers of the memorial, I see the name of a lead-
ing editor, heretofore an active and ardent po-
litical friend of the Senator from Kentucky and
, now as ever a zealous Whig. Another gentleman
whose signature is here hay been a member of the
other House, and stands second to no man in the
regaids of his fellow-citizens. 1 have no doubt
th<it these gentlemen and their fellow-remonstrants
express the almost universal sentiment of the peo-
ple among whom they live. I said nothing of the
opinions of the people of Indiana. She has able
Representatives who will, I hope, reflect truly her
sentiments here. I will say, however, that if In-
diana is now in favor of this compromise bill which
repudiates the very principle on which the Demo-
cratic party stood in the late presidential .canvass,
by denying to the people of the territories the right to
exclude slavery from their limits,and which repu-
diates also the doctrine of congressional prohibition
of tentorial slavery upon which the Whig party
stood in that canvass, a great change indeed must
have been going on in the minds of the people of
that State.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to consume
time, or to occupy the attention of the £#nate with
any debate upon this matter. 1 did not intend,
by any thing 1 said, to intimate that the Senator
from Ohio did not represent the opinion of the
people from that State. I only meant to say that !
if he did represent their feelings on this question,
they differed very widely from the people of the
State which I have the honor to represent. But,
sir, I deny that there i3 any provision in this com-
promise bill which is violative ofthe principle laid
down by the Democratic party in the late contest.
It is emphatically " non-interference." leaving
the people to settle the character of their State in-
stitutions for themselves; and in advocating that
bill, I advocate nothing more nor less than the
principles which were advocated in that contest.
The memorial was then received and ordered to
be laid upon the table.
Mr. CLAY. I am quite feeble, yet I feel it
nevertheless in conformity with my duty to pre-
sent myself daily here. With regard to the peo-
ple of Ohio, I know something of them; I have
the highest possible respect for them, and am
very grateful to them. But I shall be greatly
disappointed if, in some instances—1 will not say
what—gentlemen, when they go *home, shall find
themselves without constituencies, so far as a
conformity of will creates a constituency. But
that is en passant. I have risen to present some
resolutions from a portion of the " frantic people"
of the United States—frantic on behalf of the
compromise everywhere, if not in Ohio. These
resolutions are from that city which is goin^ to
vie, in a few years, perhaps some twenty or thirty
years, with the empire city of the country. I mean
the city of St. Louis. They were passed at a
meeting of both political parties, and they speak—
as any man would confess, who knows anything
about the sentiment of Missouri—the sentiment
of that State: These resolutions are from that
great city, great in fact, and greater still in embryo,
and contain the undivided sentiment of both Dem-
ocrats and Whigs. They have been senf to me,
and it is with no ordinary pleasure that I submit
them to the Senate, and ask that they may be
read and laid upon.the table.
The resolutions were then read, as follow:
Pursuant to a call tlirouzh the public newspapers, a mass
meeting ofthe. citizens of St. Louis in favor of the compro-
mise bill reported to the United States Senate by the Com-
mittee of Thirteen, without distinction of patty, assembled
at the rotunda of the court-house, in St. Louis, Monday
evening, June 3, l«o0.
On motion by G^n^ral Nathan Ranney, Hon. Henry S.
Gever was called to tho chaii, as president ot the meeting,
and VV. II, Heiskflt, Thornton GrinWey, A. H. Buckner,
Charles ICcemle, M. Steitz, G. IC McGuunegle, A. Hamil-
ton, Wyllis King, J. Chambers, T. U. Hudson, and Georgf?
P< nn, were appointed vice presents.
B. W. Sharpe and Edmund Fiagg were appointed secre-
tary.
On assuming the chair, the president stated the object of
the meeting in a tew forcible remarks.
On motion of Hon. John M. Krum. a committee of ten
wa* appointed to diaught resolutions expressive of the sen-
timent* of the meKmg.
The chair appointed the following gentlemen • John M.
Krum, T. Yeatman, J. J?. Wells, N. llanney, L. T. Darnell,
W. Palm, George W. West, J. Coaitei, C. M. Vuileau,
H. Von Piiul, II. R. Gamble, and C. C. Carroll.
In the absence of the committee, the meeting was most
eloquently addres.-ed by Uiiel Wright, esq , Dr J. N Mc-
Dowell, and Trusten Polk, e*q , whose remarks were re-
ceived with the utmost enthusiasm.
The following pieamble and resolutions were then re-
ported:
Wnereas the agitation of questions growing out of, or
connected with, tbc'subject ot flavi-ry, has piudueed much
ill-feeling between the ^HTVrent sections ot tho Union, and,
if continued, threatens to disturb the fraternal lel.itions
winch alone can preserve this Union in its -pint and inten-
tion, and cou.-erve the rights and interests of all; and
whereas the Senate ot the (Jnited Stales lias appointed a
committee ot thirteen of its movt patnoiie and experienced
membeis to report Mich .i me i*ure of compromise as shall
ileal tfip wound* ot tlie country, and re-tore t<> it peace and
concoid ; aun whereas the said committee have reported a
plan of c miprorni'fe such a?, m the ppmion o tin* meeting,
appears ju-f and adequate to the settlement of the whole
question : therefore
Revolved, That we, the people of St. Lous, without dis-
tinction of party, assembled here, declare our depp and un-
wavering devotion to the Union of these United Stat"F, and
avow our solemn aod inflexible purpose to adhere to if, in
despite of every effort made or meditated against it either
by ihe fanatics of the North or the hotspurs 'of the South.
Resolved, That we of the West have too lar^e a stake in
this confederacy to allow our misguided brethren ot either
section to endanger ita integrity.
Resolved, That while many of us differ in opinion respect-
ing some of the details of the seveial propositions or bills
reported by the committee ot the Senate, jet believing that
those propositions, tdken as a whole, are just and equitable
m respect to the rights and interests of the whole country,
we yield our hearty concurrence and support to those meas-
ures as a compromise of the conflicting opinions and meas-
ures that now agitate the people in different portions of our
common country.
Resolved, That in the opinion.of thi« meeting, if the prin-
ciples of the compromise are faithfully cairied out by tne
action of Congress, peace and harmony will speedily be
restored, sectional jealousies allayed, the union of the
States more riunly cemented, and all will aid in strengthen-
ing ami perpetuating the institutions ot our beloved country.
Resolved, That the peace, harmony, prosperity, and in-
tegrity ot the Union can only lie preserved by that spirit of
magnanimous concession and compromise in which the
Ft-deral Constitution had us birth, and that we deeply dep-
recate and deplore the factious spirit winch has manifested
itself in Congress, calculated to weaken the bonds ot fra-
ternal union, tor sectional and selfish purposes.
The report was received, and tne resolutions adopted by
acclamation,
On motion of Thomas Ilarney, esq., it was resolved that
the proeef-dmgs ot this meeting be fo  warded to our Senators
and Representatives m Congress; and, on amendment of
A. S. Mitchell, esq., to the chairman ot the Committee of
Thirteen, to be by him communicated to each member of
that committee.
On motion, it was resolved that all the papers in this city
are requested to publish the proceedings of this meeting.
On motion, the meeting ihen adjourned.
11. S. GEYER, President.
B. W. Sharpe, Edmund Flagg, Secielaaes.
The pending motion being to lay the resolution
on the table—
Mr. BENTON. I suppose, Mr. President, that
that motion will be withdrawn after the manner in
: which the Senator intioduced it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Kentucky withdraw the motion?
Mr. CLAY. Most certainly; although it is not
reciprocating' what the'Senator does when I ask
him to withdiaw a motion. It is withdrawn; I
will return good for evil.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Kentucky
this morning represents one of those persons
spoken of in Scupture as "returning good for
evil," and who are represented as "heaping coals
of fire upon the head'' of the wicked. Weil, my
head is notjoumt yet. 1 will thank the Secretary
to lead the last resolution but one.
The Secretary read the resolution as follows:
" On motion of Thomas Harnev, cpq., it was
Rekolved, That the proceedings or this meeting be for-
warded to our Senators and Representative* in Congress;
and, on amendment of A. S. Mitchell, esq., to the chairman
ot tho Committee of Thirteen, to be by him communicated
to each member of that committee."
Mr. BENTON. If I understand the reading of
that resolution aright, a copy of these proceedings
was to be sent to each of the Senatois and the
Representatives from the State of Missouri, of
course for the purpose of being laid before Con-
giess. 1 have not yet received a copy. My col-
league may have received one. If he has received
a copy of these resolutions, he will doubtless
present them; and when I receive a copy, I will
also present them. I shall present them in that
lespectful manner which wilt be due to any por-
tion of my constituents, and especially to those
who composed this meeting, who, so tar as 1 can
judge by the names attached to these resolutions,
are among the most respectable citizens in the city
of St. Louis. 1 shall present them m that manner
when they come. Now, if i heard aright, I thought
there was a copy of the®e resolutions to be sent to
thecliatrrnan of the Committee of Thirteen; and,
I suppose, perhaps thirteen copies—one for each
member of the committee.
Mr. CLAY, (m his teat.) Yes.
Mr. BENTON. That the chairman of the
committee 'might present one to each member.
There may be some other lesolve, by virtue of
which he presents his copy to the Senate and to
the members of the committee also. If theie be,
I know nothing about it; but I have no doubt that
he will do all that he is asked to do, and thus far
he has certainly done more than he has been asked
to do, for he has not only presented them to this
body, but he has adverted to them in a manner
which makes it personally applicable to myself.
Now i will thank the Secretary to read me the
first words.
The Secretary read as/ollows:
Pursuant to a call through the public newspapers, a mass
meeting of the citizens of St. Louis iu favor ot the compro-
