1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
misehill reported to the United Slates Senate by the Com- !
inittee of Thirteen, without distinction of party, assembled !
at the rotunda of the court-house m St. Louis, Monday
evening, June 3, 3S50."
Mr. BENTON. Good! that is good ! Amass
meeting in the rotunda, of the court-house of St.
Louis! Well, sir, it will held a great many, but
when I speak to a mass meeting; there, we can no
more get the " mass" into that rotunda than we
can get them into my jacket-pocket, {laughter,]
though it is a very considerable one.
Mr. President, I believe I have read in the news-
papers the call for this meeting. When I read it,
and observed the manner in which it was got up,
it did not impress me very forcibly. Perhaps I
may receive a paper to-night containing a report
of the proceedings, and if I do I will read it to-
morrow morning. But hitherto I have paid little
attention to it; for the call, headed as it was, does
(lot impress me very forcibly. I believe that call
v/as to those who where friendly to the compro-
mise, and that accounts for the unanimity of a
meeting held in s. city containing eighty thousand
souls; a city, sir, which has its own contentions,
as all people in the world have theirs, not except- j
itig the committee of concotd; which is going to
reconcile all the dissensions that exist in the coun-
try. And 1 will undertake to say, sir, that if you
collect together the eighty thousand people_of the
city of St. Louis on a call for any purpose, or
even a fragment of them, you will find some dis-
senting voices upon any proposition, I care not
what it is. So much for the nature of the cail; it
was a. cail of those who were in favor of the
compromise, and that accounts for the unanimity
of those were in favor of the adoption of the reso-
lutions. If there is any mistake in this, I will cor-
rect it; but 1 think those only were called who
were in favor of the object.
Now, Mr. President, this puts me in mind of
eld times; and I really think it is time for us to
put less stress upon wliat we deem to be universal
public sentiment. This thing of reasoning from
particulars to generals leads to vast mistakes; and,
so far as I know, t have never ventured on any oc-
casion to enforce what I might be saying by sta-
tin" that any given proportion of the people of my
State, much less of the United States, were in fa-
vor of the object or against the object. I have
sever undertaken to back my poor argument with
an assertion that a majority of four fifths, or of
time tenths, or of ninety-nine hundredths, or of
nine hundred and ninety-nine thousandths, were
so and so. 1 know the fallacy of all such calcula-
t ons, and am satisfied that any gentleman who
goes into it will find himself mistaken in the end.
1 never ventured upon any such backing of what
I say; for if, in what little 1 say to the Senate, there
is no reason, no weight, it may fall to the ground
before I will undertake to say that one half or nine
tenths of the people of my State are with me, I
will not do it, sir. Sir, we have had experience
upon the subject, and we have seen how it has all
•ended. This is the old way—theold style. Some-
thing is got up that must override every thing else;
the publisher of a newspaper takes it up, and all who
go against it are enemies to the country—traitors
—sometimes British traitors—they are Whig trai-
tors—Democratic traitors—and sometimes they
are Abolitionists, and so fotth. The newspapers
take it up, then follow the meetings about it, and
then memorials are addressed to Congress. And
the old style was, if the meeting was against the
Jackson Administration, then there must be a
Jackson president, and a Jackson vice president,
and Jackson secretaiies, and Jackson orators.
Little as they were wanted on other occasions, they
were all indispensable then, and they received im-
mense encomiums from those who the day before,
or the day after, would compliment them in a de-
scription very little complimentary to their feelings.
That, sir, is the old style.
Sir, we have seen these petitions and memorials
and resolutions presented here morning after morn-
ing, week after week, and month after month, for
six months at a time. We have been kept reading
memorials which speak the "universal sentiment
of the country" upon such and such measures, m
conformity to which we were required to act; and
yet, when it came to a general election, which
tested these things, what have we seen in every
instance? Why, sir, there is not one solitary in-
stance m which this mass of memorialists, who
sent their memorials in here for the purpose of
dragooning Congress, have not been found to be
utterly mistaken. The whole party, and the
whole object, has been overturned, crushed, at
(fie next general election. And now we are to
have it all over again. This, sir, seems to me to
be a feeble, a pale imitation of the old work; and,
as the old work answered no purpose, and pre-
sented such a lamentable catastrophe in the con-
clusion, what is to happen to this small imitation
which we now have? Sir, those gentlemen whose
names are attached to this paper are, I have no
doubt, among the most respectable in the country; i
and I have no doubt they spoke their own senti-
ments; and,-so far as that went, well and good.
But I believe I do not recognise among them a sin-
gle name that ever voted for me. I believe they
are amiable and kind in their social intercourse,
and would do me any personal kindness; but I
believe they do not vote for me, and I should be
very much surprised, indeed, if my nature has not
very much altered, if I should be governed by
what they say, never having been so before.
Sir, I should have said nothing on this subject,
if the Senator from Kentucky had not brought
forward this imposing declaration with respect to
the sentiments of the people of St. Louis in a
way to address himself to me personally, and in
a way to iuduce me to take notice of it and gov-
ern myself by it. I should have paid no attention
to his having presented it to the Senate instead of
his committee, but for the remarks which were ad-
dressed to me.
And now, Mr. President, all I have, to say is,
that whenever the memorial shall come to me, I
shall present it to the Senate with all the respect
that is due to the very respectable citizens whose
names I see attached to these resolutions, and
whom I judge to be a sample of the whole meet-
ing. !
Mr. ATCHISON. It has been some two or :
three days since I received the first paper from
the city of St. Louis, containing an account of the ;
meeting referred to. All the papers published in [
the city of St. Louis, both Whig and Democratic, |
state that this meeting was got up upon a call of ,
something like fifty persons. I saw their names, ,
and recognize some among these gentlemen who ,
signed the cail. They belong to both the great j
political parties of the country; and I will use a
erm which is very often used in the Senate, and j
tay they were " leading men" of both parties. I
suppose the notice making the call must have been
sn the papers o£ both parties. I first received a
short telegraphic account of this meeting; but yes-
terday evening 1 received an account in papers
sent to me—papers of both the Whig and Demo-
cratic parties. The statements in all these papers
amount to about the same thing. They state the
facts much as they are stated in the resolutions
presented by the Senator from Kentucky. I have
also letters from gentlemen residing in the city of
St. Louis, corroborating the accounts as given
in the papers I have received. It is represented
to have been a very large meeting, and composed |
of the most respectable citizens, and one of the j
most respectable meetings ever held in the city of
St. Louis. It was made up of the principal busi-
ness men, professional men, mechanics, and labor-
ers. The number is stated to have been from
eight hundred to a thousand. It is true, as I sup-
pose, that in the city of St. Louis they will poll
from five to six thousand votes. Here, then, were
about one-fifth of the voters of the city of St. Louis
present at this meeting, and from the most respect-
able portion of the people. These are the repre-
sentations made in the letters and papers I have
received from that city. In addition to this, Mr.
President, a Whig congressional convention met
in the county of Cape Girardeau,in that congres-
sional district. I suppose all the counties in the
district were represented, or at least a large major-
ity of them, in that convention. That convention
unanimously speak the same voice spoken by
these resolutions in the city of St. Louis. This is
a mere matter of opinion, and I only give it as
such. From the information I have received, so
far as I have received the papers of the Whie par-
ty in that State, they uniformly advocate this ad-
justment, or compromise; and the papers belong-
i'ino- to that wing of the Democratic party of which
I have the honor to be an humble member, advo-
.1 cate this same adjustment, or compromise, as re-
'■ ported by the Committee of Thirteen. But, sir, it
j: {a (Jue perhaps that I should say that some weeks
prior to this mass meeting, there was a meeting of
the members of that wing to which I do not be-
long, and they adopted one resolution, the tenth
of a series, in which they, as I understand it, re-
pudiate this proposition of adjustment; and they
say, in speaking of the Senator from Kentucky,
that he has now in 1850, as he did in 1832, come
to the rescue of the nultifiers of the Union. 1 do
not pretend to give the exact words, but the idea
was as I have stated, and I wish to call the atten-
tion of my ultra southern friends to this fact, that
the Senator from Kentucky is said to have come
to the rescue of the nullifiers; and the consideia-
tion, they intimate, will be the same as that when
he came to the rescue of the nullifiers m 1832,
which is, that if he shall bring theii- proposition
forward, they will sustain him m'a proposition for
a national bank, if he shall bring one forward.
Now, we have three political parties in Missou-
ri: the Whig party, under the old organization,
and then there are what are called the test and the
anti-test parties; or, in other words, on this great
question of slavery, the Democratic party seem to
be divided. What is public opinion, which party
will triumph in August, we cannot tell; but tflen
all these things will be tested at the polls in a man-
ner not to be mistaken, and not to be misunder-
stood. I do not pretend to say, the time is so
long before the test is to be made, which party-
will triumph. But of one thing 1 feel very cer-
tain, that the party in favor of the adjustment of
this question, in the manner proposed by the
Committee of Thirteen, will triumph. Mr. Presi-
dent, I did intend some time since to have given
my views upon this question, humble as they are,
to the Senate. I intend to do it yet. 1 will now
take occasion, as this is the first time 1 have pub-
licly expressed myself upon this great question,
to say that I shall vote for this compromise bill as
it was introduced. Yes, sir, I will swallow the
whole bottle of "Old Doctor Jacob Townsend's
Sarsaparilla." [Laughter.] 1 utterly abhor bro-
ken doses. [P>.enewed laughter.]
I will take this occasion to say that I would not
vote for but one solitary measure separate and
apart from this compromise union; and that is the
measure for the organization of a tenitorial gov-
ernment. I would not vote for the admission of
California as a separate measure. I would turn
her loose in the wilderness, as the Jews did the
scape-goat. I believe I would go further, although
it would be an operation foreign to my nature and
quite revolting: 1 would hurl her from the rock
backwards before I would vote for her admission
as a separate measure. And I have one good rea-
son, and that is, I do not believe we should have
any adjustment of this question if California was
admitted into vhe Union as a separate measure. 1
believe the question would be open for agitation,
and the agitation would be of a worse description
than any we have seen. I do not pretend to know
what the result will be, and I will not pretend to
speak of it; but one thing I do say, as I said at
the beginning of this session, that 1 do not believe
the people of Missouri would ever submit to the
Wilmol proviso; never, sir, never; nor do I be-
lieve that any southern or slave State in this Union
would submit to it. Mr. President, 1 have notii-
in°- more to say on this subject at this time.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the resolutions lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary ofStateeommunicatinginformationin re-
lation to the conduct of the Japanese Government
towards American seamen wrecked on the coast of
Japan, the capabilities of the independent oriental
nations for commerce with the United States, and
theproper observance of the treaty of 20th March,
1833, with J?iam, reported the following resolution:
Resolcei, That Mr. Palmer have leave to withdraw, take
out a copyright for, and print on Ins own account, tile docu-
ments entitled " A comprehensive view of tin- principal in-
dependent maritime countries of the East," wlncll accom-
panied the report of the Secretary of State to the Senate,
under date ol the S3il April last, and was referred to the Com-
mittee oil Foreign ltelations; and that the Secretary ol the
Sen ite he and he is hereby authorized to rtihscribe tor
copies of the work under the above title tor the e -e ot die
Senate, provided the same &halt be delivered by Mr. Paliin'r
at a price not exceeding per copy the rate of pnnlmz, htbo-
eraphmg, and binding public documents for the Senate m
1819, with twenty per cent.~discount.
Mr. FOOTE. As the filling up of the blank in
