185Q.
THE CjQNjSRESSEQNAJL, GLOBE.
1205
the bill for the admission of California as a State
into the Union, to establish territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
A general discussion ensued, which consumed
three hours and a half, of which a report will be
found in the Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jane 14, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to make a report from the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. JONES. I object, and ask that the com-
mittees may be called for reports.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL made two or three remarks
which were very imperfectly heard from the dis-
tance at which he spoke. But he was understood
generally to call the recollection of the House to the
fact, that Congress had now been more than six
months in session; that one of the rules of the
House, with a view of affording to those who
had claims upon the justice and equity of the
Government, an opportunity of being heard, pro-
vided that two days of each week should be set
apart for the consideration of these claims; and
yet, he believed he was correct in stating, that du-
ring the whole period of the present session, the
House had not devoted more than fiveor six days
to the consideration of private bills 
Several gentleman interposed to order.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that it was
not in order for the gentleman to proceed with his
remarks, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DANIEL. Well, sir, 1 move that the
House resolve itself into Committeeofthe Whole,
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the private calendar.
Mr. PRESTON KING. And I move thdt the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of re-
suming the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of California.
Mr. BAYLY. I have to state that there is a
bill upon which the Administration is. earnestly
urging action, and I call for the regular order of
business.
Cries tn order.
The SPEAKER. All remarks areout of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness would be the call of the committees for re-
ports. But as this day is set apart by the rules for
the consideration of private bills, the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] will
take precedence of the order of the day.
Mr. THOMAS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion of Mr. Daniel; which were ordered, and,
being taken, were—yeas 86, nays 101, as follow:
YEAS—Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Avereu, Bay, Beale, B >cock, Howdon, Bowie, Boyd, A. G.
Brown, Buel, Chester Butler, T. B- Cutler, Gcoige A. Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, W. It W. Cobb, Daniel, Deherry,
Dummck, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Feather^on,
TVctdley, Fuller, Gilmore, H tit. Hamilton, Hammond, Ii.ir-
aUon, J. G. Hirri-, Jlaytnond, Hilhaid, Holladay, Holmes,
Howard, ilu'ibard, Inge, J. W. Jackson, R. \V. Johnson,
La Sen*, fioffi *r, Job Mann, Maishall, Ma&on, Finis E. Mc
Lean, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
JVJillson, Moiehead, Moise, Moiton, Nelson, Nes, Oir, Out-
law, Parkt-r, Peck, Potter, Powell, Robbing, Rn«, Savage,
Seddon, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, A H. Stephen?,
Thomas Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, William
Thompson, Toomtn, Van Dyke, Venable, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Williams, Woodward, and Young,
—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A^hmun, Bayly, Ben-
nett, Umgham, Bokee, Booth, Bnggs Burrows, Burt, Jos.
Ciibb-, Calvin, Cartter, Casey. Chandler, C<<le, Conger,Our-
win, CrowHI, Disney, Dixon, Dotv, Duer, Duncan, Nathan
Evan-*, F'tch, Fowler, Guiding-, Goodenow, Got man, Gott,
G >uld, Grmnell, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, Thomta
Jlain-i, Hay, Hehnrd, Henry. llibbard, Holland, Hou>ton,
Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson. Jones, Julian, Daniel
King George G. King. James G. King, Jonn A. King,
Preston King. Littlefield, Hnace Mann, Matron, .MoLana- I
ban, Robert M. M Lane, Meacham, Mooie, Morn*. Newell, \
0<ile, Olds, Oil*, Pea>-I^e3 Phelps, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds, j
Ri-ley, Rnbms-on, Rockwell, Root, Runisey, Sackett, Saw- ;
te le, Sehermerl.orn, Schoole iaft, Shepperd, Silvester, j
Spauldinir, Sprague. Stanly, Thaddeus Steven®, Stetson,:
Strong, Sweetser, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton,
Wahien, Wcntworlft, Wlute, Wilmpt, Wtlaon, Winthrop,
and Wood—101.
So the House refused to go into Committee oh
the private calendar. ' • '
CALIFORNIA.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Pre&ton King, that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of resuming the considera-
tion of the bill for the admission of California.
Mr. ^ENT WORTH called fortheyeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
when the House adjourn, it adjourns to meet on
Monday next.
But Mr. S. withdrew the motion.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. The bill which I desire to re-
port 
Calls to order.
Mr. .BAYLY (continuing amidst repeated calls
to order) is a bill necessary to keep the wheels of
Government gomff.
The SPEAKER said remarks were not in order.
Mr. VINTON hoped, he said, that the House
would sustain the motion of the gentleman fiom
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Calls to order.
[Mr. RICHARDSON, on leave given, with-
drew from the files of the House papers in the
case of James Orr.]
Mr. FITCH said that if the House refused to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the call for reports of committees
would be in order.
The question was taken arftl decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 81, nays 122; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, A-linmn, Baker, Biv, Bennett,
Bingham, Bi^sell, Booth, Buel, Burrows, Thomas B. But-
ler, Joseph Ccthle, Caittcr, Chandler, Cole, Corwin, Dim-
nnck, Disnf y, Dixon, Dotv, Fowler, Fuller, Giddmes, Gil-
more, Goorienow, Gott, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hatlan,
Hoagland, Hunter, Julian, Preston Kiim,Leffier, Littlefield,
Horace Mann, Job Mum, Matteson, McLnnaban, Moore,
Morehcad, Morns, Ne^ou, Ne^ Newel, Ogle, Olds, Peas-
lee, Peek, Phelps., Potter, Putnam, Ri-ley, Robinson, Rock-
well, Root, Sackett, Savvtelle, Schenek, Schoolcraft,'Silves-
ter, Sprayuc, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevtn-?,
Stetson. Btrong, Sweetser, Taylor, William Thompson,
Tuck, Underbill, Walden, Waldo, Wontworth, Whittlesey,
Wilmor, Wiutht'op, Wood, and Young—61.
NAYS Me^sis. Albert-on, Alston. Anderson, A-^he, Aver-
eu, Baviy, Beale, Boeock, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie, Bow-
hn,Bo\d, Breck, Brigs#, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burr,
Chester Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Ca^ey, Clmginan, W. R. W. Cobb, Conger, Crowt-ll,
Daniel, Dfbeny, Dtier, Duncan. Dunham, Edmundson, N.
Evans, Evving, Feather«ton, Fitch, Freedley, Gould. Green,
Hamilton, Hammond, Hampton, HaraUon, Khan. G. Harris,
Samp-on W. Harris, Thomas L. Hairis, Hav, Hayniond,
Hebard, Henrv, Ilibbard, Hilhard, Holladay, Holme*, Hous- ^
ton, Howard, Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jack on,
Willrim T. Jaek>on, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr. Daniel P. King,
George G Kin?. James G. King, La Sere. MaMiall. Mason,
M< Cltrnand, McDowell, Robert M. MoLane, Finis E.
.McLean, McMullen, McQueen,*" McWillie, M'-acham,
Meade, Miller, Mil«on, Morse, Morton, Oir, Otis, Outlaw,
Paiker, Pitman, Retd, R^\nolds, Richardson, Robbms.
Ro-=?, Rum«<'V, Srtvasrp, Sch- rnierhom, Seddon, Shepperd,
Spnnlduig, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan
ton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thnrman, Toombs, Van F>\ke, Venable, Vin
ton, Wallace, Walking Wellborn, White, Williams, Wil-
son, and Woodward—122.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
REPORTS.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of busi-
nGThe SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the committees for reports. Re-
ports are in order from the committee on Military
affairs.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with an amendment, the bill
from the Senate for the relief of Adjutant General
Roger Jones; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
c msideration of the memorial of James-Hardy,
Peter Wood, and others, asking an extension of
the benefits of the various acts of Congress grant-
ing bounty land and extra pay to soldiers and
i marines who served in the late war wiih Mexico,
! to the seamen in the navy of the Uniied States who
i served on the coast of Mexico during the said war,
I and it was laid on the table.
I On motion by Mr. BURT, the Committee on
] Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the mernofiaTs'of John "Robinson
and John Reed, Benjamin Daniel and others,'for
bounty land for officers and soldiers in the war of
1832; and they were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.'
Mr. CALDWELL,ofKentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Military AfFair'sj reported a bill for the
relief of John'H. B'.:Rolls; which was read a first
and second' time by:its title', deferred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House,and, with the report-
accompanyins:, ordered to be printed. - '
Mr.' CABELL, of Florida, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the Tefief
of John W. Simonton; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the report ac-
companying, ordered to be printed.
'Mr. McWlLLIE, from the Committee on
Printing, to which was referred, on „the 16th of
May last, the resolution relative to the expediency
of printing an extra number of copies of the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury on the con-
dition of the banksof the United States, in pursu-
ance of a resolution of July 10', 1832, made a report,
accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the letter
and report of the Secretary of the Treasury relative to the
condition of hanks of the Umted Stales, be printed for
the use of the House.
The question was put on the adoption of the
resolution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McWILLIE, from the same committee, to
which was referred, on the ]6th of May last, the
communication of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting: the report of Messrs. Foster and
Whitney, United States geologists, made a report,
accompanied by the following resolution:
R,aoh'cd, That ten thousand extra copies of the report of
Messrs. Foster and Whitney, United States geolosir-ts, on
the copper land* of the Lake Superior Land District, Michi-
gan. he punted for the use of the House, with the letter of
ihe Secretaiy of the Interior transmitting the same to Con-
gress.
The question was put on the adoption of the
report, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House had adopted the resolu-
tion reported from the Committee on Printing,
ordering the printing of ten thousand extra copies
of the report of the survey on the mineral lands.
Mr. W. explained that his object was to move
that the documents be bound, (as other documents
were.)
After a brief conversation between Mr. White
and the Speaker,
The question was taken, and the vote was re-
considered.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend it so as to pro-
, vide for the binding.
j The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
' tion as amended was adopted.
I Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
1 Foreign Affairs, reported a bill amendatory of the
| act entitled "An act to carry into effect certain
I provisions in the treaties between the.United States
; and China and the Ottoman Porte," approved
| August 11,1848; which having been read a first
and second time by its title with a view to its
' commitment,
Mr. McC. said that he bad been instructed by
the committee to ask that the bill be put upon its
The bill having been read through,
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the bill had
been made the subject of a special communication
by the Secretary of State. A few words of expla-
i nation would be sufficient to satisfy the House
j that the bill should be passed without delay.
Under the treaty with China, concluded in July,
1844, the United States were authorized to extend
their laws over China, with the limitation of their
operation to citizens of the United States, and to
punish all such offenders against these laws.
In pur3uance and execution of this treaty, an
i act of Congress was passed in August, 1848, actu-
ally extending our laws over China for the pur-
poses named, and authorizing the American Com-
missioner and consuls in China to try and punish
ail citizens of the United States committing offences
in China, "including Macao."
jNfow, the words "including Macao" are the
exceptionable words : and the Portuguese Govern-
ment objects to them. She objects to them upon
