1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Mr. BUTLER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why did not the gentleman
from South Carolina call his friend from Virginia
to order when he asked the question ?
Mr. BUTLER. I call the gentleman to order,
and I make no other reply than that I do it in ac-
cordance with the rule of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will take my seat with
great pleasure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on laying: the resolution upon the table.
Mr. TURNEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and were as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
Bright, Ciia^e, Clarke, Clay, Corwin, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Douglas, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Man-
gum, Millar, Norris, Pearce, Phelps, Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, Upbaoi, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
couib—29.
NAY'S—Mo«srs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Borland, But-
ler, Calhoun, Cass, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, D >dge of Wisconsin,
Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter, King, Mason, Morion,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Soul6, Stewart, Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, and Yulee—29.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes in
the affirmative.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
COLLECTION OF REVENUE.
Mr. PHELPS. There is a matter of business
which has been before the Senate for some time,
and I have felt it my duty to urge heretofore the
consideration of it. It was made the special order
of the day for Friday last; but I yielded to the
wish of the honorable Senator from Michigan, in
the hope that his resolution would be one which
would not produce much debate. I deem it neces-
sary now to take up the resolution which I offered
on the subject of the collection of the public reve-
nue, and, under the urgency of the case, I throw
myselP on the indulgence of the Senate, and ask
them to take up that resolution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will allow me to suggest that I think he
will get at his object sooner by allowing us to
take up the resolutions in their order.
Mr. PHELPS. I think I have already given a
pretty good example of courtesy* and that I am
not unreasonable in asking to return to the consid-
eration of the resolution which I offered.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the motion of the
honorable gentleman from Vermont will not be
adopted. I understand that the best way to facili-
tate business is to finish one thing at a time. The
resolution of the gentleman from Michigan was
under consideration when the Senate adjourned on
Friday last, and if we proceed with the discussion
of that till it is finished, we shall finish our busi-
ness the sooner. The resolution of the gentleman
from Vermont is perhaps an important one to con-
sider at a proper time, but I hope it will not be
taken up now.
Mr. PHELPS. I agree perfectly with the gen-
tleman from Maine, that the best way to facilitate
business is to do one thing at a time, and the mis-
fortune is that I, in the first instance, gave way to
accommodate the gentleman from Michigan. I am
not disposed to waste time; but I do not think the
interests of the country would suffer if those
■ speeches with which we have been entertained
' had not been given. I hope, when the situation of
• the Treasury is considered, I shall be indulged in
; bringing this subject before the Senate. If there
f is to be debate upon the resolution, the sooner
f that debate is brought on the betier. I think we
shall be as profitably employed in looking after
f the interests of our own country as those of Hun-
\ gary or any other
Mr. FOOTE. I understand that, with the gen-
\ tleman from Vermont, the question is simply one
of rhetorical rivality as to whether the speeches on
9 his resolution be better worth listening to—he
intending to make the principal one—or those
pt which may be made on the other question. It is
too delicate a question for me to settle. [Laugh-
0 ter.]
f* The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
^ be on taking up for consideration the resolution of
the gentleman from Vermont.
W A division being called for, there were ayes 24,
'■$ noes 27.
0 So the motion was lost.
0
SURVEYS.
The followingresolution, submitted by Mr. Cass
on the 27th ultimo, was considered and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to fur
nish the Senate, as soon as practicable, with copies of the
following surveys:
1st. A copy of the report, plan, and estimate for improv-
ing the entrance from Lake Michigan to Ma kegan Lake.
2d. A copy of the report, plan, and estimate for improv-
ing the entrance from Lake Michigan to Black river.
3d. A copy of the report, plan, and estimate for improv-
ing the entrance from Lake Michigan to Grand river.
DES MOINES AND ROCK RIVER RAPIDS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Jones on the 27th ultimo, was considered and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on C >mmerce be instiucted
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for continuing the improvements of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, at the Des Monies and Rock river rapids,
in said river.
ABDUCTION OF REY.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Downs on the 31st ultimo, was considered and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re'
quested to communicate to the Senate copies of ail corre-
spondence that has taken place with the Minister of Spain
in Washington, or the authorities ot Cuba, or the American
Consul at Havana, or other*, concerning the abduction of
Itey, alias Garcia, from New Orleans, by the Spanish Con-
sul at that port, or by his procurement or connivance; to-
gether with the correspondence with the district attorney of
ihe United States for the pastern district of Louisiana, or
other officers of the Government in that Stste, and the in-
structions given touching this affair. Also, copies of all the
proceedings and testimony and arguments of counsel, if re
ported to the Government, had and taken relating to it, be-
fore Judge Bright and Commissioner Chew, and all the pro-
ceedings han and reports made to the Government since that
examination ; together with all the other documents, instruc-
tions, correspondence, and other papers touching said affair
in possession of the Government.
REMOVAL OF JESSE B. CLEMENTS.
The following; resolution, submitted by Mr.
Turney on the 31st ultimo, came up for consid-
eration :
Reiolvei, Tliat the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish the Senate with copies of all the papers,
letters, remonstrances, and recommendations now on file in
any of the Departments, relative to the removal or retention
in office of Jesse B. Clements, late marshal of the middle
district of Tennessee, and especially that he furnish copies
of the following, to wit:
1. A letter lroin a portion of the members of the bar and
citizens ofNashville.
2. A letter from the Judges of the Supreme Court of j. en-
nessee, which was also signed by Judge Maury.
3. Aletterfrom Judges Catron and Brown,judges of the
Cncuitand District Coui ts of the United States for the State
of Tennessee.
4. A letter from the grand and petit juries of the Septem-
ber term, 1849, of the'Circuit Court holden at Nashville;
also the letter of the foreman of the said grand jury.
5. Letters of S. D. Freerson, Win. P. Martin, Thomas S.
Brenfort, one sinned bv Henry Allen and others, Judge Ca-
hat; two letters written by ex-Governor N. 8 Brown, the
fir«:tdirected to Allen A. Hall, and the second to the Presi-
dent of the United Stites; also a letter of John S. Brien to
Secretary Ewing.
Mr. BELL. The principle involved in this res-
olution is much the same as that contained in the
resolution presented by the honorable gentleman
from Maine. At a proper time I shall have no
objection to the introduction of these papers. The
gentleman referred to is one of high respectability,
to whose character I have heard no objection. I
hope the resolution will not now be pressed.
Mr. TURNE V. I conceive there is a wide dif-
ference between this resolution and the one which
has been postponed. That calls for reasons; I
make no such call in this resolution. The whole
object is to call for copies of papers now on file in
the department, without calling on the head of any
department or the President himself for reasons.
The object of the resolution is to place Mr. Clem-
ents in a proper light before the public. It was
said by the President, in one of his letters, that he
had no friends to reward and no enemies to pun-
ish; that in his appointments honesty, capability,
and faithfulness would be the tests which he should
apply. Mr. Clements having been removed with-
out specifications, the object of the inquiry is that
the public may see from testimonials on file that
he wa3 not removed on account of any want of
integrity, or want of capacity or of faithfulness in
the discharge of his duties. In relation to the
su^estion of my colleague, that the resolution be
postponed a few days, I shall make no objection;
but I hope it will be taken up in a reasonable time
and acted on. I will agree that it may be passed
over informally
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no ob-
jection, it will be passed over.
It was accordingly passed over.
EXTINGUISHMENT OF INDIAN TITLE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Douglas on the 31st ultimo, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making appropri-
ations tor the extinguishment of the Indian title to that por-
tion of the Territory of Minnesota which lies west of the
Mississippi river; and also tor the extinguishment of the
Indian title to that portion of the Territory of Oregon which
lies between the summit of the Cascade Mountains and the
Pacific ocean ; and also for the extinguishment of the In-
dian title to that portion of California which lies between
the summit of the Sierra Nevada or California Mountains
and the ocean ; and also for the extinguishment of the In-
dian title to the valley of the Great Salt Lake; and also for
the extinguishment of the Indian title to that portion of
New Mexico which lies east of the summit of the Sierra
Neva'da or Rocky Mountains. And that said committee be
further instructed to inquire into the expediency of laying
off and setting apart a portion of the territory of the. United
States as one or more Indian territories, within which the
emigrating Indians may be permanently located and pro-
tected.
DRAWBACK ON EXPORTATION.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Phelps on the 4th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so modifying the act enti-
tled " An act allowing drawback upon foreign merchandise
exported in the original packages to Chihuahua and Santa
F6, in Mexico, and to the British North American provinces
adjoining the United States," approved 3d March, 1845, aa
to allow the benefit of drawback upon goods exported to the
Bnti&h provinces by railroad.
GRANTS OF LAND TO THE STATES.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Benton on the 4th instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate of the number of acres of public land
granted to different States for objects of internal improve-
ment, and the amount of public lands originally contained
m such States respectively, and the number of acres neces-
sary to make the grants to each State equal to the maximum
quantity now granted to the State which has received the
greatest quantity.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced aa next
in order the following resolution, which was pre-
sented on the 3d instant by Mr. Dickinson, aa
follows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform the Senate whether, by himself or bis assistants, he
has at anytime removed, or attempted to remove, before the
expiidtion of the term for which lie was commissioned, by
the appointment of a successor, or in any other manner, and
how, any deputy postmaster or postmasters, who held ap-
pointments under the President of the United States, made
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, under and
in pursuance of the law of Congress entitled "An act to
change the organization of the Post Office Department, and
to provide more effectually for the settlement of the accounts
thereof," approved 2d of July, 1836; and if any such removal
or removals have been made or attempted, that he specify
the number, the names ot the officers, and the offices they
held respectively; and also that he inform the Senate
whether in his own name or that of either of his assistants,
and which of them, he has appointed, or claims the author-
ity to appoint, or aitempted to appoint, persons to fill the
vacancies thus created, and issued to them letters of appoint-
ment, commissions, or either, and which of them, and
whether more than one of each or either was issued to the
same appointee, and to whom or to what office or offices,
and the reasons therefor; and that a copy of such letters of
appointment and commission be furnished, if in his power,
and if not, the substance thereof, including names, dates ,
and signature*; and further, whether he has attempted, arid
by what means, to enforce any such removal; and if such
power of removal and appointment, or either, have been ex-
ercised or attempted, that he further inform the Senate un-
der and by virtue of what authority of law the same has
been done or the right claimed.
Mr. PHELPS. I am not prepared to say at this
time that I shall vote for or against this resolution;
but I think it involves principles of some import-
ance as well as some constitutional questions. ^ I
should prefer, therefore, that it be passed by in-
formally for the present, that time may be afforded
for its examination.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope not. Does the Sen-
ator desire to oppose this inquiry >
Mr. PHELPS. I mean to oppose it if it is un-
constitutional. If, however, 1 shall become satis-
fied it is proper, I certainly shall not.
Mr. DICKINSON. The resolution is merely
an inquiry of the Postmaster General whether he*
by his own act, or by that of his agents, has ap-
pointed and commissioned postmasters required
by law to be appointed and commissioned by the
President and the Senate; and also whether he has
