1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
the ground that Macao is no part of the Chinese
dominions, but belongs and has belonged to her,
together with its dependencies, for some three hun-
dred years. Without undertaking to affirm the
title of Portugal to this establishment, which was
situated on the southern peninsula of an island in
the gulf of Canton, he was not aware that it was
now seriously, if at all, questioned. Portugal ob-
jected to this phraseology, and had made it the
ground of a refusal to receive an American consul
at Macao. To obviate this objection the Secretary
of State had promised to bring the subject to the
notice of Congress; and thus the history of the bill
was given. ] ts passage was necessary to correct
what was a mistake in the actof 1848, and its im-
mediate passage called for by the faith of Mr.
Clayton's promise and by our interests at Macao,
now unprotected by any commercial agent at that
city. He hoped the bill would be at once passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, and being engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.-,
Mr. BUEL, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the ascertain-
ment and satisfaction of claims of American citi-
zens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to July 31, 1801; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
MINNESOTA AND OREGON.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee on Territories,
reported a bill authorizing the Legislative Assem-
bly of theTeiritories of Minnesota and Oregon,
to prolong their next annual session to a period of
ninety days; which, being read a first and second
time by its title,
Mr. B. said that he was instructed by the com-
mittee to ask that the bill mi^ht be put on its pas-
sage.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. BOYD said he would say a single word
in explanation. By the law establishing terri-
torial governments in Minnesota and Oregon, the
Legislative Assemblies of these Territories were
authorized to continue their sessions one hundred
days, fur the purpose of completing a code of
laws, so that the machinery of the governments
m ght be put in operation. For some reason, the
members had not been paid, so far, at least, as
Oregon was concerned. In consequence of this
state of things, the Legislatures sat but little more
than half the time allowed by the law, and ad-
journed without completing the codes. They
asked, and this bill proposed, that the nextsession
might be extended only ninety days. He hoped
there would be no objection to the bill being put
on its passage.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of Mary A.
Turner and John L. Turner, and of William Ran-
dall, heir of Richard Randall, deceased, and they
wore referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WALDO, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bills, which were severally
read a first and second time by their titles com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanmg reports, ordered to be print-
ed , viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Jack-
son, dpceased; and
A bill for the relief of Mary Martin.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases; winch were severally ordered to lie
on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of John Bain for an increase of
pension;
The petition of Adam P. Campbell, a son of
Patiick Campbell, for a pension;
The petition of Elizabeth Haxton, for a pension;
The petitions of Hannah Phelps and Eunice
Pasje, for the benefits of the pension act of 1838;
The petition of Philip Tabor, for arrearages of
pension;
The petitions of James Pitman for a pension, of
the heirs of Rachael Rowell for back pension, and
of Jane Sexton and Margaret Field, for pensions.
Mr. W. also, made adverse reports in the cases
of Francis Wallace, Samuel Menifield, William
Q.uait, Peter Hilton, Buckley Hutchins, Daniel
Risdon, of the war of 1812, and the memorial: of
the surviving officers and soldiers who served in
the defence of New Orleans, asking for pensions;
which reports were severally ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
*>f John Adams, of Blair eounty, Pennsylvania;
which wag read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. WALLACE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported the following resolu-
tion, viz:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be and are hereby instructed to inquire and report
upon the expediency of extending the benefit of the act of
Congress of the "ah June, 1832, and the amendments
to the same, granting pennons to revolutionary soldiers
and the widows of those who have died who served in
the war of the Revolution, either m the continental hne,
linlitm, « r State troops, for a period of not less than tour
months."
Mr. W. said that the committee had instructed
him to introduce the resolution, so as to take the
sense of the House upon the adoption of the reso-
lution.
Mr. BAYLY. Is it a resolution of inquiry?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BAYLY. Then there is no test question.
Mr. WALLACE? Except upon the coming in
of the resolution.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution,
Mr. ALBER.TSON moved to amend the reso-
lution by striking out u four" months and insert-
ing " three."
The amendment was rejected.
And the resolution was adopted.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in
the following cases, whrch were severally ordered
to lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of Stephen Howard, of Clarendon
county, New York, praying for a grant of land in
consideration of the services rendered by his
father, Jonathan Howard, in the revolutionary
war.
The petition of Valentine Sevier, praying Con-
giess to grant him and his brother Charles, com-
pensation for the services of their father, Captain
Robert Sevier, in the revolutionary war.
The petitioi) of the officers of the volunteers in
the war with Mexico, praying for additional com-
pensation.
Mr. SILVESTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse report
on the petition of the heirs of Noah Wiseman for
a pension, on account of the death of said Wise-
man of disease contracted in the service of the
United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table nnd be printed.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Charles
Hinkle; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the case of Samuel Spalding for
an increase of pension; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. L., the Committee on inva-
lid Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of David Troxel, for a
pension; and it was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. AVERETT from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Hazen; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed.
Mr. A., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of Jefferson W. Cook,
praying that the bounty land and extra pay due
his father, Seaborn I. Cook, may be placed at his
disposal for the benefit of the infant heirs of said
Jefferson W. Cook; which reported was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills, which
were severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed, viz;
A bill for the relief of John W. Robinson;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Howard, an in-
valid seaman; and
A bill for the relief of Ichabod Waymouth.
Mr. H. also-, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in-the following cases; which were
severally ordered to lie on the table and be printed,
viz:
The petition of Michael White, a rrtaster's mate
in the United States navy, for an1 invalid pension;
The petition of IsaacUlway, for an invalid pen-
sion, on account of services in the late war with
Great Britain;
The petitionsof Washington Denham and Wil-
liam Ferguson, for arrears of pension.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Jame 
Butler; which was read a first and second time by-
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying,ordered
to be piinted.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which were
severally ordered to lie on the iableand be printed,
viz:
The petition of Robert Trevett, for arrears of
pension;
The petition of John English for a pension or*
account of disability received in the service of the
United States in the late war with Great Britain;
The petition of Edward Taylor, for a pension;
and
The petition of Stephen A. Corey, for back
pension.
On motion by Mr. WALDEN, the Committee
on invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of—
The petitions of Elnathan Phelps and Joseph
Morrison, for arrears of pension;
The petition of Daniel Palmer, for an increase
of pension;
The petition of Richard G. Caswell, Apollo
Hitchcock, Isaac Graham, and-Samuel C."Mabson,
for pensions;
The joint resolution of the Legislature of Indi-
ana, for three months' extra pay and bounty land
to deceased officers and marines who served in the
Mexican war; and
The petition of Mecry B. Rice, praying that a
pension may be granted her, as the widow of
Wm. Rice, for services in the Mexican war.
Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Patents to grant an extension of a patent
to Andrew Morse* jr., for the improvement in>
capstans; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, oc-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WALDEN, the Commit-
tee on Patents was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of John Pettibone
and other heirs of Daniel Pettibone, for pay for
the use hy the United States of a bullet-mould,
invented by said Pettibone, and it was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
CALIFORNIA DEBATES.
Mr. GILMORE, from the Committee on the
Library, reported the following resolution, which
was read:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
be, and he is hereby authorized and directed to subscribe
tor thiee thousand copies of the debates m the California
Convention by J. Ross Brown, on the formation of her con-
stitution: Provided, That no greater price per copy shaM he
paid than will pay tor the composition, for paper, press
work, and binding.
Mr. GILMORE asked that the resolution might
be put upon its passage.
The SPKAKER. The opinion of the Chair ia,
that the resolution must go to the Committee on
Printing.
Messrs. PRESTON KING and GILMORE
moved that reference.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. JOHN A. KING, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Joel Henry Dyer; which was read a first and
