THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1850.
New Series.... No. 8.
man from Vermont, as unprecedented and im-
proper.
Mr. DAWSON. I trust that the general re-
mark that the President left everything to his Cab-
inet, which .was made by the Senator from New
York, will not be taken as authority here; and I
cannot but Fcharacterize the remark as improper
and rather illiberal. It is known to all that the
President has never yielded authority to any one,
either at home or abroad. He is known to the
country, and to the world, to be firm enough to
discharge every public duty fearlessly, and as pos-
sessing the honor to fulfill faithfully every obliga-
tion to his country.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have no objection to the
postponement of the resolution, anil will move
that it be thus disposed of.
The resolution was then passed over informally.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
The Senate next resumed the consideration of
the special order, being the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations he
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending dip-
lomatic relations with Austria.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to propose
to this resolution, sir, before I make any remarks:
the effect of which is to include Russia.
1 may say, sir, that when 1 had the honor on
Friday last to move to postpone this subject, noth-
ing was further from my intention than to trouble
the Senate with more than a very few words; and
I hope that I shall adhere to that resolution. But
it seemed to me that the occasion, and the manner
in which the occasion was so ably treated, was
one that should not be permitted to pass without
the expression of some views which I entertain
upon that subject, before the Senate of the United
States. I may say in the outset, to the honorable
Senator from Michigan, that I do not rise for the
purpose of opposing his resolution. I do not re-
mfember ever to have heard a speech delivered in
the American Senate to which I listened with such
unalloyed pleasure and satisfaction as I did to the
speech of the honorable Senator from Michigan.
1 think, sir, that I may say, in the words of another
honorable Senator on another occasion, " I was
more than satisfied—I was gratified." And, sir,
as in the hurry of that debate some of the senti-
ments which were so eloquently expressed—senti-
ments which do honor to the Senator and the
Senate—sentiments worthy of the age in which
we live—may have escaped the memory of Sena-
tors, permit me, at the expense of being a little
tedious, to call the attention of the honorable Sen-
ator, and of all the Senate in detail, to a few of
those emphatic expressions of opinion which de-
man# my most earnest approval, and commend
themselves to My deepest sympathies.
The honoroble Suitor says, " I desird not to
be misunderstood." I hope, sir, that I do <iot
misunderstand him—I hope that the country will
not misunderstand him. He says, "I do not
mean that in all of the revolutionary struggles
which political contests bring on, it would be ex-
pedient for other governments to express their
reelings of interest or sympathy. I think they
should not; for there are obvious^msiderations
which forbid such actioo, and the value of that
kind of moral interposition would be diminished
by its too frequent recurrence. It should be re-
servfed for great events—events marked by great
crimes and oppressions on the one side, and great
exertions and misfortunes on th&other, and under
circumstances which carry with them the sympa-
thies of the world, like the partition of Poland and
the subjugation of Hungary. We can offer pub-
lic congratulations as we have done to people
crowned by success in their struggle for freedom.
We can offer our recognition of their independence
to others, as we have done, while yet the struggle
is pending. Have we sympathy alone for the
fortunate ? or is a cause less sacred or less dear be-
cause it is prostrated in the dust by the foot of
power!" No, sir, no! Thank God, humanity
is not so constituted. To every liberal and phi-
8
lanthropic heart, and to any and every humane
and generous mind, the cause is all the more dear
and the more cherished for the very reason that
the foot of power treads its victims in the dust, i
Yea, sir, my sympathies will go thus far—down
to where the victim lies beneath the foot of power,
let it be whose foot it may, and where he is bound,
writhing in agony—there, to that depth, will my
sympathies go; and I thank the honorable Senator
for the emphatic question which he puts forth to
the Senate and to the country. And, sir, most
cordially do I agree with the honorable Senator in
another sentiment. He says, " I freely confess
that I shall hail the day with pleasure when this
Government, reflecting the true sentiments of the
people, shall express its sympathy for struggling
millions, seeking, in circumstances of peril and
oppression, that liberty which was given to them
by God, but has been wrested from them by man."
Ay, sir, God-given liberty is that with which the
honorable Senator sympathizes. But mark the
additional word ! " but which has been wrested
from them by man." Ay, sir, let me tell the hon-
orable Senator that there have been, years gone
by, aching and throbbing hearts, which have been
waiting, and watching, and agonizing for just such
a day as that when the Government shall reflect
the true sentiments of the people—shall express
its sympathies for the millions who are under the
heel of power—in peril and oppression, seeking
for that liberty given them by God, but which has
been " wrested from them by man."
And, sir, I again agree most cordially with that
Senator when he says that he " does not see any
danger to the true independence of nations by such
a course," and that he " is by no means certain
that the free interchange of public views in this
solemn manner would not go far towards checking
the progress of oppression and the tendency to
war." Here, then, we have his sanction, telling
us that the expression of these liberal opinions
will do much towards checking the progress of op-
pression. I thank the honorable Senator for that
admission. It is true, and always has been true.
He says that " the very discussion in high places
and free places "—adding, " and here is one of
them "—" even When discussion is followed by no
act, is itself a great element of retributive justice
to punish it when an atrocious deed is done, and a
great element of moral power to restrain it when
such a deed is contemplated." And, sir, I agree
with the honorable Senator again when he says,
in the language of another honorable Senator, " I
have no commiseration for princes; my sympa-
thies are reserved for the great mass of mankind.
Self-government is the natural government of
man." " It ought to animate us to desire the re-
demption of the minds and bodies of unborn mil-
lions from the brutalizing effects of a system whose
tendency is to. stifle the faculties of the soul, and
to degrade man to the level of beasts." I thank
both those honorable Senators for that. I could
not have said it, sir. It would have been fanati-
cism in my mduth. It is a different matter now.
And again, speaking of those discussions which
have taken place, the honorable Senator says:
" There is no American, true to the faith of our
' fathers, who does not sincerely desire the renova-
tion of the latter, and the restoration of the op-
pressed masses to thejrights and dignity of man."
Now, sir, this is "out-spoken. There are no
political rights here, sir, spoken of. There are no
national rights here spoken of; no rights secured
by the Constitution. But the honorable Senator
takes a higher and a holier view, and looks to the
rights which man derives from his Creator, and
speaks of those rights as " bestowed on him by
God, but wrested from him by man." Now, sir,
in all these sentiments I most cordially concur;
and 1 do hope that under no circumstances, and
in no emergency, will that honorable Senator,
(for whom 1 entertain the profoundest respect and'
the kindest regard)—under no circumstances, and
in no emergency, I hope, will he ever permit him-
-self to go upon the right hand or the left of that
line which these sentiments indicate. And oh!
sir, if he will stand by these sentiments, irrespect-
ive of all circumstances and all extraneous consid-
erations—if he will, to-day, throw himself into the
scale, and pledge his fortunes and his truth to the
sustentation of these sentiments—he will secure to
himself a reputation with those unborn millions,
compared with which even his own reputation,
already achieved, high as it now is, shall pale into
obscurity and mist.
Welljfcir, thus agreeing with the honorable Sen-
ator in the principles which he lays down, and
feeling highly gratified at the manner in which
those principles have been advocated, let me ask
what it is which the honorable Senator proposes
to do? Why, he proposes "to inquire into the
expediency of suspending diplomatic relations.with
Austria." I confess that I wish some other word
had been used. It does not seem to me that for
this great moral theme, this is exactly the proper
word. I think I yould have proposed an inquiry
into the propriety, the necessity, the duty, the ob-
ligation of suspending diplomatic intercourse with
Austria. This word " expediency" has a bad
refutation. I believe it is a second cousin to an-
other word that has not become very p6pular wjth
the American public—I mean "availability."
We are to inquire into the expediency; in other
words, to inquire whether it is likely to be profit-
able—whether we shall make or lose by it. And
the honorable Senator allows his discussion to be
tinged with the question of expediency. Hegoes
on to say to us, in relation to Austria, that we
have very little commerce with her; that she has
only one seaport of any importance, and that the
amount of our commerce at that port does not ex-
ceed a few hundred thousand dollars; and thus he
makes it quite clear to the country that they can
let off a good deal of indignation, and that it will
cost them but very little. I wish that some other
word than expediency had been used. I wish
that the question had been placed entirely on the
high grounds of morality, propriety, and duty.
And possibly, if this amendment, which I have
proposed, is adopted, I may move again to ameqd
the resolution, by striking out the word expediency
and inserting morttl necessity, or duty, or something
of that sort, which shall show that we are not cal-
culating a little too closely, to know how it wijl
affect our interests.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator means, if this
resolution is passed^ that it shall carry a moral
effect with it. Allow me to ask, what will be the
moral effect of passing this resolution of inquiry ?
There are the Hungarian exiles suffering every
deprivation, perhaps, in Turkejf. Suppose our
minister goes to them in their misery and distress,
and tells them to cheer up, to be of good courage;
that they are not without advocates and friends;
that something is being done for them; that the
sympathies of the world are being moved in their
behalf; and, finally, that the Senate of the great
American Republic are inquiring, thia^very day,
how much it will cost to utter a little indignation
in their behalf! That is the amount of the moral
effect of an act placed upon such grounds. I hope,
sir, that it will not be put forth in that shape, but
that, if the resolution is to pass, it wilt be put in p.
different form. •
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire permit me to interrupt him a mo-
ment ? I believe, with due deference to the honor-
able Senator, that the word '  expedient" means
proper. .
Mr. HALE. Well, I will not enter into a dic-
tionary contest with my friend from Mississippi,
because 1 know he will beat me at that. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not profess to go into the philological
meaning of the word. I take the plain, school-
master meaning of it, and I say that, in that every-
day sense, it has a bad odor.
Wejl,sir, what next do we propose to do ? We
propose to erect ourselves into a high court. We
have courts of various names—courts of law, courts
of equity, courts martial, and courts of reconcilia-
tion. Well, it is proposed that we erect ourselves
into a high court of indignation! We are to ar-
raign at our bar the nations of the earth, anditbey
are to pass in trial before us, and we are. to pass
