114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
judgment upon them—not only the judgment of
the present day, but, in the words of the honorable
Senator, we are to "anticipate the judgment of
posterity." That is what we are to do, sir. Now,
-what are the offences for which they are to be ar-
raigned and put upon trial? They are to be tried,
in the w©rds of the honorable Senator's speech,
" for atrocious acts of despotism, and audacious
contempt for the rights of mankind." We are
to rebuke them by public opinion; that is, we are
to erect ourselves into a high court and try the
nations of the earth for " atrocious acts of despot-
ism, by which human liberty and life have been
sacrified "—for audacious contempt for the rights of
mankind. Sir, that is a most high and solemn vo-
cation. It needs not the spirit of prophecy to fore-
tell that when the historian of another day shall
come to record the history which we are now
making, he will begin this chapter with something
like the following: That at the commencement of
this year, the American Senate, the highest legis-
lative body of the world, the wisest, greatest, and
most magnanimous people that ever lived or ever
will live, forgetting and neglecting the trifling local
affairs which concerned their own limits, consti-
tuted themselves into a high court, and proceeded
to try the nations of the earth for " atrocious acts
of despotism," committed under such and such
circumstances.
Now, sir, I should like to have the historian
continue in the same style to the end: that they
proceeded in the first place, to try, not some few
second-rate Powers, with but little commerce, and
whom it would eest but little to deal with, but
that they took the empire of Russia first, and tried
her. Why should they not try her ? It was the
Emperor of Russia, not Austria, to whom the vic-
torious general made the announcement, " Sire,
Hungary lies at your feet." It was Russian arms
that overcame Hungary. It was Russian power
that drove the Hungarian patriots exiles from their
homes, outcasts from the synjpathies of Christen-
dom, and seeking hospitality in the more enlight-
ened and cultivated regions of Mahometanism. It
was Russian power that demanded them of the
Emperor of Turkey, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Webster] has well said, in another
place, " in defiance and derision of national law."
It was Russia, sir, that demanded that these exiles
should be given up to her.
Now, sir, why will we, when we have such a
culprit as that to deal with, standing convicted of
these flagrant offences—why, sir, will we let him
to, and try the power of Austria ? Sir, it is un-
ecoming the dignity of this high court. I will
not consent to sit in judgment upon Austria, until
we have passed judgment upon some of these lar-
ger criminals. I am not willing that our action
should be like that of the small nets which catch
the small fishes but let the great ones go. I pro-
pose then, sir, to insert in this resolution the name
of Russia; and when we have got him there, and
have got him arraigned before the power of this
court, I do not propose to hold him simply for
what he has done in Hungary. I suppose there
will be no statute of limitations in the way; I sup-
pose we may go back as far as we please; and !
while we have him before us, I want to try him j
for what he Ijas done long ago in sending those i
unfortunate exiles to Siberian snows, and to ex- !
press our sympathy in their behalf. I want them
to know that the American Senate have sympa-
thies also for them.
Then, sir, there is another count in the indict-
ment against Russia, which I wish to be tried be-
fore we proceed with Austria. I want to try him
for his agency in the triple partition of Poland. I
trust that is not outlawed yet. No, sir, it cannot
be; for it was mentioned in the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan. When we have
done this, we shall show that we are governed by
no pusillanimous motives in expressing our indig-
nation against a weaker Power.
When, 3ir—when we have tried Russia, let us
not stop there, I think we ought to arraign the
"sea-girt Isle," and try England for the manner
in which she tried Smith O'Brien and the Irish
patriots. I want the tidings of our sympathies to
go abroad and reach the English and the Irish pa-
triots in their exile, that they, as well as the exiles
of Hungary, may know that we are determined
to try the oppressor, be he who he may, and to
sympathize with the victim, be he who he may.
Ana while we are trying England, I hope she will
be called upon to plead for the manner in which
Algernon Sidney was put to death. I hope the
statute of limitations will not go beyond that; but
that England may be called upon to answer for
that outrage upon man. Then, sir, I want to go
to Ireland, and to have England answer for centu-
ries of oppression and cruelty there. I want to
know how it is that that isle, fair and beautiful
as the sun shines upon, and by nature one of the
most beautiful abodes for man that has been cre-
ated—how is it that British rule has turned it into
one great field of famine and of blood ? If that is
not enough for one country to answer for, I want
to go to India, and to try England for the oppres-
sions, the cruelties, and the wars that she wagtd
there.
While we are sitting in this high capacity, sir,
I trust that our sympathies will be fenced in by no
narrow and sectional views; I trust that we shall
proceed impartially and faithfully to try the nations
of the earth; and to try them according to their de-
serts. After we have got through with Russia and
with England, I want the docket to be called, and
France to be placed at the bar. I want her to hold
up her hand and plead to the indictment—to tell the
Senate, the country, and the world, why it is, tliat
with high and hoi v professions of " liberty, equal-
ity, and fraternity" upon their lips, they have sent
their army into the " Eternal City," and stricken
down the cause of republican liberty there. That,
sir, is nearly as recent as the overthrow of the
Hungarian government. But I do not want France
to be let off there. I think that it is within the
memory of the youngest man that hears me, that
France has sent an army into Spain, and with the
sword and bayonet has stricken down civil liberty
in that country. Let her answer for that; and if
that is not enough, I shall want to inquire of her
about her dealings with Africa; for the sentiments
avowed by the Senator from Michigan are wide
enough to take in all deeds of oppression, without
regard to complexion. 1 want to go to Algiers,
and to inquire what France has done there; for if
public rumor and the public press are to be ad-
mitted as witnesses, she has perpetrated cruelties
upon the Algerines, compared with which what
Mexico has done to Hungary is but tender mercy.
[Laughter.] What Austria has done to Mexi-
co [Renewed and increased laughter.] Well,
Mr. President, I do not wonder, since we have had
so much to do with Mexico, that I have got it all
mixed up. What Austria has done to Hungary,
I mean.
Then, sir, while the court is in session, and the
nations of the earth are being called upon—for by
this time, it must be pretty well known over the
world what we are about—I want to try Spain.
And, sir, let us proceed, fairly and impartially, in
all this work, and let us show that we are in earn-
est, and not merely showing off our indignation
where there is no power of resentment, and where
it will not be likely to cost us anything. Let me
again use the language of the honorable Senator
from Michigan—for I believe he made a speech,
the other day, which will serve me for a text for a
long time, and I do not know but all the rest of my
life—who says:
"Let not the timid he alarmed; where there is free in-
quiry, there is no danger."
That is the doctrine, sir, which I have been
preaching all my life-long; but from me it has been
called " fanaticism," and I am glad that it has at
last been baptized in the fountain of pure Democ-
racy, so that henceforth I can repeat it without its
being called fanaticism. Ay, sir: " Let not the
timid be alarmed; where there is free inquiry,
there is no danger."
After we have gone through all these, sir—after
we have tried the nations of Christendom, and
passed judgment upon them—when they lie writh-
ing in an agony of mortification at our feet, I pro-
pose, sir—for the Senator from Michigan says
again:
" I claim for our country no exemption from the decrees
of these high tribunals; and when we are guilty of a tithe
of the oppression and cruelty which have made the Aus-
trian name a name of reproach throunh the world, ! hope
we shall receive, as we shall well merit, the opprobrium of
mankind."
Then, sir, I propose for us to come down at
once—for the Senator says again, " pride is blind
and power tenacious," and I suppose when we
have sat so long upon the tribunal, we shall be
more blind in our pride, and more tenacious in our
power than ever—I propose that before we mount
the judgment-seat, we resolve that after we have
judged the nations of Christendom, we will go
from these high places down before the bar, and
plead ourselves. The honorable Senator, I under-
stand, intends that. He says he "claims for our
country no exemption." But 1 have been most
troubled to know who should try us. Certainly
not the nations we have tried,for they are notour
peers. We have condemned them, and placed
them in circumstances of indignity. It has oc-
curred to me, at last, that it would be no degrada-
tion to us if we should consent to be tried by that
power which the honorable Senator says is " bet-
ter Christian than some that bear the Christian
name."
Now, sir, suppose that the Emperor of Turkey,
the Sultan of Turkey, should conclude to consti-
tute a high .court of moral indignation there, and
should call upon the Model Republic to come down
from the bench and to go before the judgment-seat
to be tried. I do not know, sir, how well ac-
quainted the Sultan of Turkey is with .what is
going on in the Mpdel Republic; and in the capital
of the Model Republic; but I will suppose that, by
some chance, he has seen a newspaper printed
within a few miles of the capital of the Model Re-
public, and within the present session of Congress.
I have seen it, sir, and I do not know but the Sul-
tan of Turkey has seen it. That paper gives no-
tice to the world that, in the city of Washington,
within sight of the flag of freedom that floats over
our heads, in the city honored by the name and
consecrated by the memory of the Father of his
Country—that paper gives notice, by an adver-
tisement to the country and to the world, that
men are to be bought, and women are to be
bought, and kept at twenty-five cents per day,
until ready to be transported to some other mar-
ket. Now, sir, I will suppose that the Sultan
of Turkey has seen that. I will suppose it to be
doing him injustice, not to take it for granted that
he has read the speech of the honorable Senator
from Michigan. He has the two documents before
him at once, and he .resolves he will call this Re-
public to trial. I do not know what his judgment
would be; but I fear that he might come to the
conclusion that it was inconsistent with the en-
lightened civilization of the true disciples of " Al-
lah and the Prophet" to be contaminated with
diplomatic intercourse with a people where the
" image of God" was bought and sold like a beast
in the market. I apprehend he would pronounce
this sentence of condemnation; and I am by no
means sure that when he appealed to the judgment
of the world and posterity to sustain and justify
the position he had assumed, even'the earth would
not say that, " great as were the wrongs of Aus-
tria, and righteous as was the indignation you
fulminate against her, you must lie down i"h the
dust with the nations you have condemned, and
give credit to the announcement of the Senator from
Michigan, that the Turk has not only shown him-
self a better Christian, but a better republican than
some that bear the name." Sir, I rejoice to have
lived to see this day. I rejoice to hear those words
of the Senator from Michigan, which have yielded
mo so much gratification. 1 have been so much in
the habit of hearing of the compromises of the
Constitution ^ind political rights, it was like water
from a living spring to see that honorable Senator
get up, and to hear him, before the Senate and the
world, declare that liberty is a God-given right,
and the oppression that takes it from him by man
is a wrong, and should be rebuked. Sir, I will go
with the Senator—I will go for uttering the loudest
tones of indignation against oppression in any
form, and under any aspect that can possibly be
uttered, here or elsewhere, and in favor of giving
to the oppressed sympathy and encouragement
be they ever so low, be they ever so humble.
Having given utterance to these sentiments, I
will leave the matter with the Senate, and trust
that it will not be dropped here. It is a subject
fruitful in suggestions, and full of instruction. 'Let
us be careful, sir; the time for prudential consider-
ations has not already passed by. The Senator
from Michigan has not been so long in this school
as I have, or he would have learned that there is
danger to some of our institutions in proclaiming
those sentiments. When I speak of institutions, I
do not speak of slavery as it exists in any State of
this Union. I speak of New Hampshire slavery 
of that slavery which is sustained by the votes of
Massachusetts, Ohio, and every other free State,
