1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
from the commencement of the Federal Govern-
ment to the present day, in the District of Colum-
bia. It is our institution, and gentlemen of the
South have no right to appropriate it to themselves.
No, sir; whatever of reproach, whatever of honor,
there is in this favorite institution, I claim apart
of it. It is ours; it is by our votes that it has been
sustained; it is by our forbearance that it exists,
and we are responsible. Let me, then, caution th«
honorable Senator from Michigan to be careful that
he do not unloose some of the obligations that bind
us to the institution and the institution to us, by
the promulgation of sentiments of liberty in such
broad, general, and unqualified terms.
Mr. CLAY. The appeal , sir, which was made
the other day by the honorable Senator from
Michigan to me, to aid him in sustaining the prop-
osition which he has thought proper to submit, en-
titles him,from the great respect I bear him,arising
from the long acquaintance that has subsisted be-
tween us, to a response. My worthy friend ex-
pressed a very confident expectation that I would
succor him and support the resolution that he has
submitted on this occasion.
Mr. KING. Will the honorable Senator, as
the hour is late, permit me to move an adjourn-
ment?
Mr. CLAY. I am under the order of the Sen-
ate, and am very thankful to the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama for the kindness which prompt-
ed the motion; but, as I am upon the floor, I will
say a few words.
The honorable Senator from Michigan was
pleased to express, in very confident language, his
expectation of my support on this occasion. He
expressed in still stronger language his confident
anticipation of the support of the American peo-
ple; and he will excuse me for saying that, there
being these two sources of gratification to him, I
think the latter will be admitted to be much more
agreeable to him than the former—much more
available than the gratification to be afforded by
any aid or assistance that I could render in the
passage of the resolution that he has proposed.
Sir, the proposition which he has submitted to
us for consideration, whether in its original form
or upon the amendment which is proposed to it, is
a grave and serious proposition, as all proposi-
tions are that are connected with the foreign affairs
of this country. The proposition is, that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of suspending diplomatic re-
lations with Austria. The worthy member in
front of me [Mr. Hale] proposes to comprehend
Russia also. It proposes the inquiries not merely
in reference to any representative of this country
in Austria, nor in respect to any representative of
Austria in this country. It proposes not the re-
call of a minister of our own, but it accomplishes
not only his recall, but the sending out of the
eountry the minister of Austria who is here.
Sir, it is very true it is put in the shape of an
inquiry; and why was it put in that shape? It is
not like the ordinary case of a private or local
matter, in which the Senate cannot be presumed to
be in possession of all facts connected with the
case—m which it may be expedient, in order to
ascertain them, to refer the matter to a committee
for investigation, and have a report made by that
committee to the Senate. All the facts upon which
the honorable Sertator bases his proposition are,
in their nature, historical. They relate to the war
conducted by Austria against Hungary, to the
rights of Hungary as an independent and integral
portion of that empire, to the manner in which
the war was conducted, to the manner in which
punishments have been inflicted upon those who
unfortunately fell within the power of Austria.
All these, sir, are matters of an historical nature,
not requiring the investigation of a committee.
They are known to the Senate; and it is my hum-
ble opinion that the proposition which is now be-
fore us ought to be presented as if it were a direct
and positive requirement of the suspension of diplo-
matic intercourse with Austria. Sir, I have great
confidence in the members of the commit^ to
which it is proposed to address this inquiry* I
should have been extremely glad to have heard
from my honorable friend from Alabama, and to
have known whether, in his mature and expe-
rienced judgment, in his superior knowledge of all
matters connected with our foreign relations, the
proposition now under consideration does or does
not meet his approbation. I should be greatly
disappointed if he had given to it any previous,
or would bestow upon it any'subsequent concur-
rence. But, sir, though I have the greatest con-
fidence in him and the other gentlemen of the
committee, I think he will concur with me in sup-
posing that it is not a fit subject of inquiry by a
committee. The facts are national; they are his-
torical; they are known to the whole world, and
we are just as much prepared now to say whether
diplomatic intercourse should be suspended with
Austria and Russia—for Russia, too, is named—
as we shall be after the most elaborate report that
can be prepared; after the most laborious research
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Sir, I think that the question ought to be treated
as if it were a direct proposition to suspend diplo-
matic intercouse with the Power indicated in the
original resolution. And, sir, I have been at first
very much struck with the want of sympathy be-
tween the premises and conclusion of the honorable
Senator from Michigan. In his premises he de-
picted the enormities of Austrian despotism. Who
doubts the perpetration of those enormities ? In
the most glowing strains of eloquence he portrayed
to us the wrongs of suffering Hungary. Who
doubts them ? He speaks of the atrocious execu-
tions committed by her—the disgrace of the age,
and, aboveall, of Austria. Who doubts it? These
were the premises of the honorable Senator; but
what was his conclusion ? It was requiring the
recall of a little charge d'affaires that we happen to
have at Vienna. Why, the natural conclusion
would be to declare war immediately against Aus-
tria, if she had committed such enormities; though,
from the impossibility of coming in contact with
her, this resource might be difficult of accomplish-
ment. But, sir, there is another mode that is much
more congenial, much more compatible with the
course we ought to take. The exiles from suffering
and bleeding Hungary are now scattered through
all-quarters of the globe; some have reached
our hospitable shores, some are now wending
their way hither, and many are scattered through-
out Europe. Let the honorable Senator bring for-
ward some original plan for affdfraing succor and
relief to the exiles of Hungary—something that
shall be worthy of their acceptance, and the be-
stowing of which upon a brave and generous peo-
ple shall do honor to a country rich in boundless
resources—something that shall be worthy of a
country which is the asylum of the wretched and
oppressed from all quarters of the world—some-
thing that shall be worthy of the acceptance of the
gallantry and patriotism with which those exiles
fought in defence of their own country. When
the honorable Senator shall have done this, then
he may call on me, and call not in vain, for succor
and support in behalf of a proposition such as I
have indicated.
Why, sir, great is the incongruity between the
premises of the honorable Senator and his conclu-
sion. To recall our charge d'affaires ! Sir, I think,
instead of pursuing that course, by which we shall
close the door of intercourse with Austria, by
which we shall gain nothing in behalf of the suf-
fering Hungarians, and the suffering exiles from
Hungary; a very different course, indeed, would
have been the one that ought to have been sug-
gested by the honorable Selator. Instead of sus-
pending our diplomatic intercourse, I would have
sent from this country some eminent and distin-
guished and enlightened citizen, some one who pos-
sessed the confidence of the country—the honora-
ble Senator himself would have been a very fit and
suitable representative on such an interesting oc-
casion—I would have sent him to the Court of
Austria, to plead the noble cause of the Hunga-
rians; and if she would not open her ears to the
dictates of humanity, which might be infused into
her through an agent such as 1 have described, I
would have instructed him to remonstrate in the
name of suffering humanity—in the name of
Christianity—to rebuke her for her inhumanity.
The honorable Senator, among the other docu-
ments which he adduced on the occasion of his in-
teresting address, referred to what had been pro-
posed by eighty-three members of the British
Parliament to Lord John Russell and to Lord Pal-
merston. What did they propose? To stop in-
tercourse—to deny to the British Government
any access to Austria—to recall, in a moment of
resentment and passion, the minister who repre-
sented them at the Court of Vienna?! No, sir, no.
The requisition of these membera of the British
Parliament, consisting of Lords and Commons,
was that Austria should settle th^question between
herself and Hungary upon some grounds, that
would be satisfactory to both—to suspend the
atrocious executions of the victims that had fallen
into their power. In short, the course proposed
by the eighty-three members of the British Parlia-
ment was to keep open the door, and not to sus-
pend all intercourse with Austria. But, sir, to look
alittle further into this subject, we naturally inquire,
what is the object of a foreign minister ? The hon-
orable Senator from Michigan does not propose,
as some of the writers in the beginning of this cen-
tury did, to do away with ambassadors altogether,
regarding them only as a sort of privileged spy in
a foreign country. He does not contend that there
is no occasion, under certain circumstances, of
maintaining intercourse withAustria. He puts it
on none of these grounds. He puts it on the sole
ground of Austrian tyranny—Austrian excesses—
Austrian butchery—Austrian disregard of Hun-
garian liberty. What, sir, do we send a minister
abroad for the sake of the country to which the
minister is deputed ? I take it to be for American
interest that he goes and resides abroad; that it is
to take care of our commercial affairs; to take care
of our seamen; to see that the treaties existing be-
tween those countries and ours are faithfully ob-
served and executed. These are some of the duties
that appertain to a foreign minister. We are asked,
then, by the honorable Senator from Michigan, by-
way of punishing Austria for her harshness and
ill usage towards the Hungarians, to punish our-
selves, to deprive our merchants and the sailors of
our country of what benefits might redound from
having a minister resident at Vienna.
Sir, my worthy friend from Michigan, among
the considerations which he seemed to think enti-
tled him to expect my support, did me the honor
to quote what I have said on a former occasion,
and particularly upon the occasion of a proposi-
tion made by me for the recognition of South
American independence, the independence of the
Spanish American States. The gentleman seems
to think that the course which I marked out for
myself on that occasion necessarily calls upon me
to cooperate with him upon this. Sir, what was
that occasion ? It was the bringing of a nation into
existence, or rather—for that is putting it entirely
in too presumptuous a form—the object was to in-
troduce into the family of nations those who had
been gallantly and gloriously establishing their in-
dependence. The proposition here is not to intro-
duce a new nation into the family of nations, but
it is to blot out of existence a nation, so far as we
can do it by a withdrawal of our diplomatic inter-
course—it is to blot out of existence, so far as this
suspension of intercourse can accomplish it, an
ancient nation. My effort on that occasion was to
send a minister abroad to recognize, to acknowl-
edge the Powers newly sprung into existence in
the Spanish dominions, on the coast of South
America. The proposition now made is not to
send a minister abroad at all, but to bring a minis-
ter home. Sir, there would have been some anal-
ogy between the case in which I uttered the senti-
ments which the honorable Senator has been
pleased to quote and the present, if Hungary had
maintained her independence, if the Hungarians
were still fighting-and struggling for their liberty;
and I confess, that, looking upon that struggle
with all the interest that could be felt by any man
in this Republic, I did hope that Hungary would
have been able to maintain herself throughout the
past year; and if she had done so, I believe that
the sympathies of Europe and of the world would
have been so excited in her behalf as, perhaps, to
have obtained for her some more substantial and
advantageous succor and aid than that of calling
from the Court of Austria a charge d'affaires whom
we have sent there.
Sir, unfortunately, owing to causes upon which
it is not necessary for me now to dwell, some of
them of a very painful nature—among which are
charges against the commander-in-chief of the
Hungarian army, which, if well-founded, must
cover him with infamy—unfortunately, Hungary
fell suddenly, and to the surprise of the American
world. She is subdued; she is crushed.
Now, if we adopt this resolution, I have been
curious to satisfy myself upon what principle we
can vindicate it. What principle does it involve?
It involves the principle of assuming on the part of
this Government a right to pass judgment upon
