116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 7,
the conduct of foreign Powers—a branch of the
subject that has been well treated of by the Sena-
tor who sits before me, [Mr. Hale.] Have we
any 3uch power ? The most extensive bearing of
the principle involved in the resolution proposed
by the honorable Senator from Michigan assumes
the right, on the part of this nation, to pronounce
upon the conduct of all other nations, and to follow
it up by some direct action, such as the suspending
intercourse. We are directing at present the exer-
cise of that power towards a nation on account of
the manner in which they have conducted a war,
or of the manner in which they have treated the
unfortunate prisoners who were taken during the
progress of that war. But where is to be the i
limit? You begin with war. You may extend j
the same principle of action to politics or religion—
to society or to social principles and-habits.
The honorable Senator before me [Mr. Hale]
has spoken of the conduct of Russia; and un-
doubtedly, as between Russia and Austria, I con-
sider Russia as the most culpable. It is true, she
had a pretext for her interference. She was afraid
of the contagion of liberty in Hungary, lest it
might affect her coterminous possessions. That
was the pretext for her interference. In the case,
however, of Austria, though I think Hungary
was right and Austria wrong in respect to the cause
and object of the war, still there were relations
existing between Hungary and Austria which did
not exist between Hungary and Russia. Russia's
interference, then, was voluntary, spontaneous,
uncalled for. She had no such pretext or ground
for it as Austria had, in endeavoring to subjugate
those whom she was pleased to call rebellious sub-
jects; and yet the honorable Senator has permitted
Russia to pass—and, by-the-by, allow me to say
that but for the interference of Russia, Hungary
would have succeeded. She had succeeded, and
she would eventually have triumphed in the strug-
gle with Austria. The honorable Senator, instead
of directing his proposition against Russia, as I
■would have done, directs it against Austria, the
least offending Power of the two, and proposes to
pass Russia by unnoticed; but, if the principle
which is embraced in the resolution of the honor- i( nation in the world ? Has it not progressed in
able Senator from Michigan, there is no limit or !j commerce and manufactures? Has it not increased
restriction as to the extent to which we may go in in power with a rapidity greater than has ever
our investigations of the conduct of foreign nations
iiiwio i.i.ui.w ...    r—r ,, and as to the extent we may go in pronouncing ,
honorable Senator from Michigan assumes judgment upon that conduct. We may say, m ,
■ reference to Turkey, Your religion tolerates poiyg- ,
amy; unless you change your religion, and your j
habits of social life, we will cease all intercourse j
with you. Where, I appeal to the gentleman to j
say, is to be the limit, if we undertake to pronounce j
judgment upon the conduct of nations, and to reg- J
ulate our intercourse with them according to the i
estimate that we may form of their conduct? . j
But I have spoken of the more broad and obvi-
i ous tendency of the principle embraced in the res-
i olution. It contains one that is, in my judgment,
of a still more questionable nature, and that is
the assumption of the right of interference in the
internal affairs of foreign nations. Now, sir, al-
though Hungary was entitled, as an independent
Government, to direct her domestic concerns, there
nevertheless existed a political connection between
; Hungary and Austria. The House of Hapsburg
; were the lawful sovereigns, the more especially as
| they were originally elected by Hungary. A dis-
i tinction should be drawn between the case when a
| civil war exists in a foreign country and when the
war has terminated. The present is a very differ-
ent case from that where a war is still pending,
and where there is a government capable of exer-
cising a sovereign power. There is a wide differ
been known before in the case of any nation under
the sun? What is the progress that the honora-
ble Senator means ? I am afraid that it is not an
internal progress he is in favor of; for, whatever
his own peculiar opinions may be, the school of
which he is a distinguished disciple is opposed, as
I understand, to the improvement of our magnifi-
cent harbors and rivers, of our glorious water-
courses throughout the country. That is not the
progress, I apprehend, which the honorable Sena-
tor is in favor of. And, again, with respect to the
manufactures of the country: I do not understand
the doctrines of the party to which the honorable
Senator belongs to^be in favor of progress there.
They are for arresting progress. Their progress
is backward in reference to these matters; not ln-
.entionally so, I admit, but by the course of their
policy they carry us back to the colonial days,
when we depended upon Great Britain for every-
thing in the way of supplies that were necessary
to existence. •
What, then, is the progress which the honora-
ble Senator seems so desirous of making? Ah, I
am afraid it is progress in foreign wars. I am
afraid it is progress in foreign conquest—in terri-
torial aggrandizement. I am afraid it is progress
as the distuibers of the possessions of our neigh-
bors throughout this continent, and throughout
the islands adjacent to it. If that be the progress
; ClSUJtr «. JSUVCiCJgll JJUWCi. iiui v mu wutuuu .v ... -- — . w
ence between the present case and a case of that which the honorable Senator wishes to ettect, I
■ . 1.  — I'. . . 1 .  !ll 1.. UATama tlllA AAMntl* IT
kind. Where a government exists, we have a
right to recognize that government and to institute
diplomatic relations with that government; but the
case in which the honorable Senator invites us to
interfere is a case where independence has been ,
lost. He does not regret more than I do—no one |
on earth regrets more than I do, that the indepetad- ;
ence of Hungary has been destroyed, has been j
crushed by a union of Russian and Austrian pow- j
er: laid, to use the language of one of the docu- i
ments referred toffey the honorable Senator, bleed- i
ing at the feet of Russia. The war is at an end;
There is no j
We I
contained in the proposition be true, we have a 1] Hungarian liberty is destroyed.
right to examine into the conduct of Russia and Hungarian Power which we can recognize.
into that of other nations. Where, then, is the i, are called upon, then, by the honorable Senator to
limit? You may extend it to religion. You may |; interfere with the government of the internal con-
extend it to the inquisition. Have we not an equal ^ cerns of a foreign nation—to interfere between
right to say to Spain, Unless you abolish the in- !' Austria and a portion of her empire; and we are
quisition we will suspend diplomatic intercourse ,i called upon to do this, in direct contradiction to the
with you? The honorable Senator stated that he [i whole policy of this Government, first laid down by
had visited Constantinople twelve years ago; that
he saw there the present Sultan, surrounded by all j
the pride, pomp, and circumstance of Oriental
power. He saw him crossing the Bosphorus. Sir,
the honorable Senator went to that country under r
distinguished auspices. I would be glad to know
whether he saw any poition of the p.ilace, or
whether he was limited to a sight of the young '■
prince who is now silting upon the throne? The '
Turks have very peculiar notions. I know there
are apartments in the palace in which no vulgar
foot has intruded, which no vulgar eye has ever
beheld.
Mr. CASS. I did not distinctly hear the ques-
tion of the honorable Senator.
Mr. CLAY. The question was, whether my ,
worthy friend had visited certain apartments of'
the palace of the Sultan ? ^
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say that in that capacity I will yield to him. ;
[Laughter.]
VVashington and pursued by every successor he has
had down to the present day. And, sir, if we
were to permit ourselves to interfere in cases of
this kind, where, again I ask, are we to stop?
Why should we not interfere in behalf of suffering
trust that it will be long before this country en-
gages in any such object as that; at least, at the
expense of the peaceable portion of the world.
Sir, the gentleman says—what we all know
that this is a great country, a vast country; great
in fact, and will be still greater in future, if we
conduct things with prudence, discretion, and wis-
dom; but that very greatness draws after it great
responsibilities, and those responsibilities should
incline us to use the vast power with which we
have been blessed by the kindness of Providence,
so as to promote justice, so as to avoid unnecessa-
ry wars, maintaining our own rights with firm-
ness, but invading the rights of no others. We
should be content with the almost limitless extent
of territory which we now possess, stretching from
ocean to ocean, containing millions upon millions
of acres, as yet uninhabited.
Sir, if the progress which the honorable Sena-
tor means, is a progress to be accomplished by
foreign wars, and foreign conquest, and foreign
territorial aggrandizement, 1 thank God that I be-
long to the party which is stationary, which is
standing still. If this is not his object, I would
like to know what he means by progress. I
Ireland ? Why not interfere in behalf of suffering j, should like to meet with a definition of the kind of
humanity wherever we may find it ? Why not in- ^ progress which he thinks it is desirable for this
terfere in all the cases enumerated by the gentleman
from New Hampshire, and particularly in the case
of Rome, as suggested by that honorable Senator ?
I do say, without meaning to disparage in the
slightest degree Hungarian valor, that in no quar-
country to make.
j Mr. President, I have risen late in the evening,
! really intending to say much less than I have said,
and I must conclude by expressing the hope that
i the Senate of the United States, when they come
ter°of the world, considering the difference in num-!j to deliberate seriously upon the consequence of
bersengaged in the contest between France and ; the adoption of such a resolution, as this, will
Rome, was there more«gallantry and heroism dis- pause; that they will not open a new field of col-
played than in the contest, for a long time a doubt- : lision, terminating perhaps in war, and exposing
ful contest,that was carried on by Rome in repelling ourselves to the reaction of foreign Powers, who,
the invasion of the French. It was said by the ]j when they see us assuming to judge of their con-
enemies of Rome that they were divided. But j duct, will undertake in their turn to juge of our
every manifestation, every particle of evidence that I conduct. We ought to recollect that, with the sole
reached me on the subject demonstrated that no | exception of France, whose condition is yet some-
Mr" CLAY. If I had been there if I had been people were ever more firmly united in repelling what obscured in doubt and uncertainty as to the
* . - . • « . 1 . i ^ __    .1  il.   _ I _ ~ T>   1_1 J« —,U :„U Una aatoklioko/l U7* 
placed in the advantageous circumstances in which
the honorable Senator was placed, 1 think it likely
I should have had an opportunity of inspecting
every portion of the palace that I desired to see.
The honorable gentleman went there, not in the
capacity of a minister to that Court; but he was
then a minister at the Court of France, and was
conveyed in a public vessel. I have no doubt if
he desired to do so, he could have answered ihe
question which 1 wanted to put to him—that is,
how many wives had his young friend, the Sul-
tan ? [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. That is a qoes'ion which the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky is doubtless much
more capable of answering than I am. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. I am very sorry 1 cannot obtain a
specific reply from the gentleman. I have advert-
ed to this to show, that if we adopt the principle
the invasion of an enemy than the people of Rome : fate of a republic which she haB established, we
in the establishment of that revolution which stand the leading Republic amidst all the Powers
French power and French intervention suppressed. | of the earth, an example of a free Government, and
Sir, if we are to become the defenders of nations, , that we should not venture to give toother nations
j the censureis of other Powers, I again ask the hon- ;j even a pretext, much less cause, to separate theni-
orable Senator where are we to stop, and why selves from us, by undertaking to judge of their
does he confine himself to Austria alone
Mr. President, the honorable Senator admitted
that he entertained an apprehension that I was one
of those stationary politicians, who refuse to ad-
vance as the age advances; one of those politicians,
I think his expression was, that stand still; that
he was in favor of progress; in favor of going
ahead. Sir, I should like to understand the mean-
ing of this word progress, of which the honorable
Senator speaks. I should like to hear a definition
of it. Has not this nation progressed with most
astonishing rapidity in point of population ? Has
it not by far exceeded in this respect every other
conduct, and applying to them a rule according to
which we may denationalize nation after nation,
according as their conduct may be found to corre-
spond with our notion and judgment of what is
risht'and proper in the administration of human
affairs. Sir, it does not become us to take such per-
ilous and unnecessary grounds, and I trust that we
shall not adopt such a course. I see no necessity
for referring this resolution to a committee. 1 think
it would be unwise to adopt it, and 1 trust that the
Senate will at once negative the resolution; or, if
it should be referred, confiding in the sound judg-
ment of the Committee on Foreign Relations in
