1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Georgia, and for the improvement of the same;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby authorized
and directed to supply the State of Alabama with'such vol-
umes of the laws of tne United States, and other public docu-
ments, as were de&troj ed by the burning of the capitol ofthat
State.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following, which
lies over under the rule:
Resoteed, That the regular hour for the meeting of the
Senate hereafter shall be 10 o'clock a. m. of each day.
RECESS.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to submit the following
motion:
" Ordered^ That when the Senate adjourns on Monday
next, it will adjourn to meet again on the Thursday follow-
ing."
[ will state my purpose in offering this resolu-
tion. We havejpow reached a period of the ses-
sion much beyond the time when it is usual for
the Senate to adjourn a short time, to afford an
opportunity for cleaning up the hall, that it may be
prepared for summer use. It must be obvious to
every one that this session is likely to be protracted
to a late day in the approaching summer, and that
our comfort here requires a change of carpets and
a cleaning up of the hall.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not wish to do anything
discourteous, but I rise to inquire whether this
motion is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in- ;
formed that it has been usual to receive motions of5
this kind if no objection is made.
Mr. CLAY, i object.
Mr. YULEE. I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of order
is, whether this motion comes within the rule that
prohibits the consideration of a resolution without
lying over one day.
Mr. YULEE. It is not presented as a resolu-
tion, but as an order of the Senate. The purpose
is to indicate whatwill be the will of the Senate as
to adjournment on Monday. It is in the nature of
a command.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read a part of the 26th rule. After making pro-
vision for certain other resolutions, it says:
" Ami all other resolutions shall lie on the table one day
for eonf-idfr-mon."
The simple question is, whether this be a reso-
tion within the rule?
Mr. YULEE. I agree it is not in fact so. It
is not presented as a resolution. If the Chair will
examine the paper which I have presented, he will
find it proposes to " order," and is not presented
as a resolution. Now, m a parliamentary under-
standing, there is a wide difference between an
older and a resolution, and, though that difference
does not appear, it exists in this case, 1 think.
The rules contemplate immediate action upon an
order. You will find, by reference to the rules,
that when the House commands, that command is
to be treated as an order. There is this distinction
in a legislative proceeding: in placing upon legis-
lative record, opinions, purposes, facts, and prin-
ciples, a resolution or law is necessary; but when
the House designs to command, it is done by what
in parliamentary language is called "an order."
It does seem to me that it is an essential thing that
this body should have it in its power to act imme-
diately upon any "order," for the reason that these
♦'orders'' relate to its own convenience, and the
convenient transaction of business. I will show
why such a motion as this should be regarded as
an "order," and why it requires immediate action.
I am informed by the Secretary of the Senate that
the time required to execute the change in our Hall,
to fit it for the summer session, may be shortened
by having a few days previous notice given to him;
and thus some two or three days of the session
may be saved by our immediate action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
whether it is m order to consider it at this time?
Mr. YULEE. I was showing that this should
be regarded as an order designed to promote the
dispatch of business.
Mr. FOOTE. The gentleman's own authority
is directly against it. is this a command? Not
at all. It is a resolution, having the purpose and
object of adjournment in view. A most import-
ant purpose that is; a purpose that I am disposed
to condemn, which the people of the United States
will condemn, and which, if carried out, will
cause a great waste of time ia the consideration
of the important question now pending, involving
a violation of duty and a discreditable refusal to
perform our high duty. A more distinct and clear
purpose I cannot imagine to exist; and it is such a
purpose as, if we undertake to accomplish it, will
disgrace us in the eyes of the people of the country.
This is not an order; it is a resolution having a
purpose beyond it. Who cares whether this car-
pet is taken up or not? This matter was con-
sidered the other day, and treated in a proper
manner. We are just as comfortable with the
present carpet as we can be by the proposed
change.
Mr. YULEE. The gentleman is not in*order
in discussing this matter now.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 am not discussing it, but I
think this is a purpose 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that a motion of this kind comes within the rule.
The Chair cannot conceive that the bare fact of
introducing a resolution under the name of an
order makes any difference. We order things to
be done by our inferiors, and not things to be
done by ourselves. Therefore the Chair decides
that this comes under the rule.
Mr. YULEE. May I suggest that this may be
considered an order to the Vice President that he
shall announce an adjournment?
Mr. FOOTE. If so, it would be very disr#>
spectful to him.
Mr. HALE. Is there an appeal taken from
the decision of the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is not.
Mr. HALE 1 move, then, that when the
Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his motion till the Senate is more full. I hope he
will be liberal towards us. This is an exceeding-
ly important matter, and it is desirable that the
Senate should sit to-morrow to get this bill forsvard
if possible, so that we may have a vote upon it.
Mr. CLEMENS. Perhaps it may take a long-
er time than to-morrow to finish the discussion
upon it. There are three or four of us who would
like to have something more to say, before the
vote is taken.
Mr. FOOTE. However that may be, I hope
we shall not adjourn over.
Mr. CLAY. I hope we shall not adjourn till
we get through with this bill, either to take up a
carpet, or for any other reason. I believe, if the
Senator from New Hampshire will waive his mo-
tion, we can get through ail the amendments, and
all that are likely to be proposed, and get at the
question of a third reading by Monday. At all
events, we shall get through some of the amend-
ments, and make some progress. I do not pro-
pose—I have too much respect for the Senate and
myself—to impute motives to any one; still it is a
fact, whatever may be the purpose, that all these
motions come fiom Senators who do not view this
bill as the majority of the Senate view it. Still
those persons charge this bill with having caused
the delay of the business of the body. Every
motion of this kind, so far as I remember, has
come from those who were opposed to the bill,
i hope we shall not adjourn. Sir, if there is a
man in Congress, and especially in the Senate,
who wants rest and repose, it is the one who hap-
pens, I believe, to be the oldest member of this
body; and yet I would woik on this carpet, or on
any other carpet, to accomplish the completion of
this bill. Washington surrendered his sword in
an uncarpeted room, and yet we must adjourn
three days, when the whole country is in a crisis,
to take up a carpet which I would prefer to the
one which it is proposed to substitute for it. I
hope we shall not adjourn till we get through this
bill, and then, if members desire it, I will be one
of the first to agree to it; and then the carpet can
be changed if it is desired.
Mr. HALE. I do not know by what right it
is that the Senator from Kentucky is constantly
assuming that the friends of this measure, the
compromise bill, are in a majority here in the
Senate; particularly, when in consequence of the
opposition of gentlemen on the other side, it was
barely saved by the skin of its teeth from being
laid on the table, and when it is dragging out a
sickly existence by their forbearance. Now, this
is not a motion to adjourn to take up the carpets,
but one which I was induced to make in conse-
quence of a suggestion coming from one of the
greatest friends of this compromise bill. I allude
to the editor of the Union, in whose paper I find
an article relating to this compromise bill, and a
suggestion that we should adjourn over Saturday
and the Sabbath to give Senators an opportunity
to pray over the measure! The editor suggests
that if such a course as that is adopted, we may
come together better prepared for the great duties
before us. it was in obedience to that suggestion
that I moved that we should adjourn over Satur-
day and Sunday. This is according to general
usage, although we did sit on the last Saturday,
because this same promise was then made, and
we had the assurance that we could, by doing so,
get through with this bill.
Mr. YULEE. I will make a remark or two upon
this subject, with the permission of the Senate. I
desire to say to the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay,] that although I stand in op-
position to this bill, the purpose which I have in
view in desiring and in moving, conformably with
that desire, for an adjournment, has not any imme-
diate connection with my opposition to the bill.
If I entertained the opinion which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky entertains, that this bill
can be disposed of in the short time that he men-
tions, I should have no hesitation in concurring
with him that we should continue our sessions,
and proceed to vote on the amendments until the
bill is so far perfected as to be reported back to
the Senate. But I know that the Senator is en-
tirely deceived in the expectation in which he
indulges as to such a speedy disposition of this
bill Sir, if this bill is disposed of in a month
hence, it will have done well, according to my cal-
culations. The Senator may know what he pro-
poses in respect to it; he may know what he de-
sires in respect to it; he may have accomplished
all that he desires in respect to it, but he cannot
know what are the desires and intentions of others
in respect to it; and I tell him now that there are
many amendments yet to be proposed, amend-
ments which will elicit much discussion, before it
can be put into a shape in which the question can
be taken upon its merits; and when the question
does come up upon the merits of the whole bill, it
is not in one day, or in two days, or in one week,
or in two weeks, that we are to reach a final vote
upon it. I know that there are many gentlemen
on this floor who will feel obliged by their duty to
themselves as well as to their constituents to treat
at large this bill before they give their vote one
way or the other. Every gentleman acquainted
with the modem which discussion has been and is
conducted upon this floor, must know that discus-
sion on so large a bill as this, discussion in which
every new speech, every new argument, every new
set of views presented to the Senate, will present the
occasion of still more and larger speeches and dis-
cussion: I say that there is no gentleman ac-
quainted with the ordinary course of discussion on
ordinary measures who can expect a final decision
on this bill in less than two or three weeks after
the bill has been placed in this perfect shape.
Now, sir, believing this to be the case—and I am
not alone in this opinion—I see no reason why the
Senate should depart from its usual course no rea-
son why we should expose our health, and subject
ourselves to discomfort, to drive this bill through.
Sir, I have suffered considerably for the last two
or three days. It has become necessary that the.
Chamber should be cleaned after a close session of
more than six months. The condition of the Hall
for the sake of health renders it imparafively neces-
sary that the carpets should be taken up, and the
accumulations of the winter and spring removed,
if nothing more is done. We have never, I be-
lieve, in any long session, reached so late a period
in the season before without having this duty per-
formed. At the last long session' an adjournment
took place on the 20th of May, upon motion of the
Senator from Tennessee, identical with that which
I have presented, and it was actcd upon immedi-
ately. In that case the motion was made on
Thursday, and it has always been customary, m
anticipation, to make an order of this kind.
Now, I am confident that this bill cannot be dis-
posed of in a month to come; I may say that I
know that it cannot be disposed of in two or three
