1212
TJEE CON£rRESSlOMAL GLOB$.
June 15,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not claim
any particular knowledge about the speculations
which are going on. I did not pretend to that.
But if they,exist, I think it is our duty to declare,
instead of concealing, that on which the specula-
tions exist, thereby throwing it into the hands of
the more sharp and against the more credulous.
3>Jow I think the amount proposed by the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Clemens] is probably about
what will cover the other claims of Texas for forts,
arms, munitions of war, ships. &c., turned over to
th,e United Slates. I have no means of making an
accurate calculation of what is due on this account,
but, taking it for granted that the Senator from
Alabama has examined it, and that one million
will cover the other items without the land, and
being opposed to receiving any portion of the land,
I shall vote to fill the blank as proposed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Clemens's
amendment, which resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clemen*, Dtvis of IVyssissippi,
Ha1!*. Iliiiinr, |'( aren, Soule, and Yulee—6.
NAY Me^rs. Aichi^on, Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Ber-
rien, H. is;ht, Cas<, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge
of VVKMjoriMn, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Houston, Jones,
Ktusf, Nnrn>, 1'iati, Ru^k, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spru-
auee. S-nrttcoTt, Underwood, Wales, Walker, Wtbsier, and
Whitcomb—30.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out the 39fh section.
A lengthened debate ensued on the question, in
which Mr. KING, Mr. RUSK, Mr. BERRIEN,
Mr. HALE, Mr. DAYTON, Mr. WEBSTER,
Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts, and others, parti-
cipated, of which a report will appear in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr BENTON. Mr. President, the motion is
to strike out the thirty-nimh section of the bill,
which relates to Texas. It is very well known, sir,
that I am tri favor of making a liberal appropria-
tion to Texas, for the purchase of the country in
dispute between her and New Mexico, by which
we should acquire that large and extensive coun-
try, four degrees north of the boundary of Texas,
and one thousand miles along the Arkansas river.
1 am ready to vote for the .measure in a separate
bill, but combined with other measures, 1 cannot
vote for it. 1 have snuggled against the conjoin-
ing of these different measures. This seems to
be a sort of a bill of appropriations, it pioposes
a large sum of money, in which a vast number
of persons are interested. I do not speak of this
body at all. It is a natural result. It will go to
the payment, perhaps, of debts at par, whicft are
wo. ih but a lew oen's. It is a natural and a fair
result that theie should be a great interest in this
bill, for the stocks will probably rise from thirty
or thirty-five cents on the dollar to a hundred
cents on the dollar. There will then be activity in
dealing in these stocks, and a great interest felt in
favor of this biil, which will make stocks now worth-
but thirty cents on the dollar, worth one hundred
cents on the dollar. All this will result in favor
of the bill.
These ten millions of dollars, which it 13 under-
stood are to be proposed to Texas, are brought to
bear upon other portions of the bill, to which it
does not belong. It creates a kind of interest in
favor of the other portions of the bill, which
ought not to belong to it, according to the par-
liamentary law, and which is repugnant to all
principles of fair legislation. The principles of
legislation pioceed upon the ground that what is
done must be fairly done. Here are ten millions
of dollars brought to bear upon three subjects in
the bill which have no connection with the object
for which the money is to be paid, and thus these
three subjects are to be strengthened. It mixes
these subjects by joining them in one bill, so that
they shall sink or swim together. It is one of
those things which are not only utterly forbid den
by ihe parliamentary law, but utterly forbidden
by principles of fair legislation, and must be re-
volting to the feelings of the American people.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the mo-
tion to strike out the 39th section.
Mr. KING rose befoie the result was announced,
and said; I was not in my seat when the voting
commenced, and I hope now to be permitted to
say, at the request of my colleague, that in con-
sequence of the indisposition of Mr. Douglas, he
has agreed not to vote, and therefore he has re-
tired. He has made this arrangement to save
Mr. Douglas from the necessity of coming up to
vote which he would do under other circumstances,
even at the hazard of his health. It is due to my"
colleague that this explanation should be made, to
account for the absence of his vote.
Mr. CLAY. I also know the .fact to be so.
Mr. SHIELDS. This was done at my special
request. I made application to the Senator from
Alabama to refrdin from voting, in consequence of
the illness of my colleague.
The vote was then announced to be as follows:
YEAS—>les?r>=. Baldwin, Benton, Butter, Chase, Clarke,
Corvvin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Day-
ton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter,
Mason, Miller, Seyvard, Smith, Soul6, Spruance, Tuuiey,
Uplicun, Wales, and Yul«e—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bright,
Cass, Cl.iy, Cooper, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Footp, Houston, Jones, Kn.tr, Morton, Nnrris,
Pearee, Pratt, Shield-?, Sturgeon, Underwood, Walk-
er, Webster, and Whitcomb—27.
So the section was not stricken out.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the 30th section,
which establishes the judicial power of the terri-
tory, by striking out in line 38 the word "where,"
and the 39th, 4Qth, and 41st lines to the word
" and" in the 42d line, and insert:
"In all ca«e<= in winch soid Supremo Comt ofthe United
State** would have jurwhc uon U baid cases had arisen in
any ofthe United Stales."
The words to be stricken out are the following:
11 Where the value of the property, or the amount in con-
troversy, to be a certatned by the oath or affirmation of
e ther party, or other competent witness, shall exceed
$1,000.
If amended as proposed, that part ofthe section
will read thus:
(i WjitP of piror and appeals from the final decisions of
?aid Supreme Comt shall allowed, and may be taken to
the Supreme Court of the United States, m the same man-
ner and under the «.ime legulation^ as from the Circuit
Courts of the United State*, in all cases in which said Su-
preme Court of the United State? would have jurisdiction,
it said case had arisen in any of the United States."
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed to twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday,June 15,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DANIEL said he hoped there would beno
objection to occupying the morning hour with the
regular business, (the call of the committees for
reports ) If, however, there should be objec-
tion to that course, he should feel itto be his duty
to sulvmt a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole House upon the private calendar.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the further consi-
deration of the California bill.
Mr. DANIEL. I suppose my motion has pri-
ority ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman has made a motion.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope that the House will
proceed wiih the call of committees during the
morning: hour.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL. Well, I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole House
on the private calendar.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina has precedence.
Mr. THOMAS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
And the question was then taken and decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alhert'on, AKton, Anderson, Andrews,
A-lie, Aveieit, Bis&ell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bmvu*, Jiojd,
Albert G. Biovvn, Burt, E. (Jariington Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Conrad, Daniel, Deberry, Dimmiek, Duncan, Ed-
mundsnn, Ewmg, FeatheiPton,Green, U.mutton, HaiuKon,
J-hainG. Ilinis, Sampson W. Harris, Hammond, Milliard,
Holladay, Houston, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jaik^on^
James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfcre, Lefflfr,
Marchall, Mason. MeClemand, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Mc- i
Willie. Meade, Millson, Morehead, Morse, Morton, Nelson,
Oir, Outlaw, Biehaidson, Rubbiu^, Eos*. Savage, Sneddon,
Sheppnid. Frederick P. Stanton, Riehatd H. Stanton, Alex
ender H Stephen?, Thomas, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson. Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, White,
Willi-un*, Woodward, and Youny—80.
NAYS—.Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashmun, Baker, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bokee, Kooth, Breck, Bngirs, fiiooks, Buel,
Buirovvs, Chester Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Cartter,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowe!!,
Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Dutkee Nathan£vans, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedley, Fuller, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Gornian,Gott, Gould,
GrinneH, Hall, Halloway, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hay,
Hehard, Henry, Hrbbard, Hoagland, Howe, Hmit't, Wiih.un
T J^ek^on, Julian, Darnel P. Kintr. Geoiye G Kmc, James
G. Kins, John A. Km<r, Preston Kins, Lithficdd, Him ace
Mann, Job Mann, Meachain. Moore,Morris, Newell, ()«rle,
Olds, Otis, Parker, Pea^lee, Peck, Phelp*, Phoenix, Putnam,
Reed, Rejnolds, Ristev, Robinson, Rockwell. Root, Rose,
Rum«ev, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenc'k, Scherrrinihorn,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spauldins^Spragu*, Stanly,Thadd< us
Stevens, Stetson, Slronc, Swoetser, Taylor, Thmmaii,
Tuck, Underbill, Van D\ke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo,
Wemvvonh, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wil&on, Winthrop, and
Wood—108.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar.
The question then recurred 9n the motion of
Mr. Harris, of Illinois, that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
CALIFORNIA.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN announced the unfinished
business to he the consideration of the special
message of the President of the United States
relating to the admission of California, and of the
bill relating thereto.
Mr. INGE inquired what was the pending
question before th#  committee?
The CHAIRMAN said, the Clerk would report
the amendment.
THE CUMBERLAND DAM.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
message and bill be laid aside for the purpose of
faking up the bill in relation to the Cumberland
dam.
Mr. McL. said he desired to say a single word
in explanation. The bill was intended ( VI r. Me-
la. was understood to say) to provide for opera-
tions during this year;and unless the House acted
upon it before the first of July, it would be im-
possible for the operations connected with the im-
provement to go on. The woik was now in ex 
istence, and there was an immediate necessity for
repairs upon it. He hoped, therefore, that the
House would take up the bill, and pass it to-day.
The whole navigation of the western rivprs was
now very much interested in it, and the bill had
been pressed upon the attention of the House by
the department.
Tellers were called for, and ordered on the mo-
tion of Mr. McLane.
Messrs. Ogle and Featherston were ap-
pointed.
The affirmative vote was taken, and declared to
be 42.
Mr. McLANE. I withdraw the motion. I do
not see why I should press the bill, if gentlemen
interested in the improvements vote against taking
it up.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
will not withdraw the motion. I want to have the
pleasure of voting it down.
The negative vote was taken, and declared to
be 89.
So the committee refused to take up the bill.
CALIFORNIA.
Thereupon the committee resumed the consid-
eration of the special message of the President re-
lating to California, and of the bill relating thereto.
Mr. INGE requested that the pending question
might be stated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report it.
The pending amendment was read.
Mr. INGE offered the following amendment:
Provided, That the people of any portion of said territory,
when assembled in convention in pursuance of constitutional
authority to frame a State constitution, have the riiihi to
adopt or exclude African slavoiy, and their determination
of this question, bv the adoption or exclusion of African sla-
very, shall be no obstacle to the admission of such State into
I the Union.
Mr. INGE, in explanation, said: During our last
sitting, the following proposition was rejected:
" ProvidedfJioirereT) Thatitshall be no objection to the ad-
mission into the Union of any State wh ch may hprpaftpr he
formed out ofthe territory Ivins south ofthe parallel of lati-
tude of 36° 30'that the constitution of said Slate may au-
thorize or establish African slavery therein."
Some members objected to that propositon, be-
cause it was limited in its application to territory
south of 36° 30'. My amendment obviates that
objection, and I infer that all those who do not
wish to be vinderstood as opposed in all future time
