1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
for French spoliations. Referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Also, the memorial of 3. C. Powell and Cassius F. Lee,
trustees of Wm. Hodgson, asking indemnity tor French spo-
liations. Reterred to the Committed on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the memorial of J. G. Broadus, asking for the com-
mutation of the half-pay of his ancestor, Ensign James
Broadus, of the revolutionary army. Referred to the Com-
mittee ori Revolutionary Pensioner*
Also, the memorial of citizens ot Fairfax county, Virginia,
against the increase of the tariff of 1846.
Also, the memorial of Robert G. Ward and Fayette Maury,
asking to be relieved from a judgment recovered against
theui by the United Stales- Referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, dre memorial of the citizens of Rappahannock,
Stafford, and Prince William counties, Virginia, protesting
against the payment of chaplains to^Congress and in the
army and navy out of the public Treasury. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. WELLBORN: The memorial of the heirs of Mo-
ses Matthews, praying indemnity for property destroyed by
the enemy during the war of the Revolution. Referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Wm. B. Daniell and others, praying
the abolition of the national chaplaincy. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of'T. T. Johnson andothers,praying the
abolition of the national chaplaincy. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. SAWTELLE : The petition of Willard Calder-
wood and 86 others, citizens of North Haven and Vmal-
haven, and navigators and seamen of the State of Maine,
for the erection of suitable monuments upon Drunken and
Fiddler's Ledges, at the mouth of the thoroughfare between
North Haven ana Vinalhaven. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the petition of John S.Abbott and sixty-seven other
citizens of Norridgewock, in the State of Maine, for the es-
tablisement of a daily mail route from Watervilleto North
Anson, in sajd State. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Poet Roads.
Also, the petition of Joseph Morrison, of Canaan, in the
county of Somerset, and State ol Maine, for arrearages of
pay and for compensation for wounds and injuries received
while in the service of the United States. Referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petion of Joseph Webb, of Maine, for increase
of pension. Reterred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition and memorial of Seth Milhken, execu-
tor of the will of John Milhken, late of Montville, State of
Maine, deceased, for indemnity on account of French spo-
liations prior to 1800. Referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 8, 1850.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of Eliza
M. Riddal, Ann Wilder, and Mary Smith, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BELL, arose, and after making an explana-
tion of an error which occurred during the last
session, in relation to certain action of the Senate
upon the papers of John S. Russworm, asked that
such course might be taken as would give him an
opportunity to oppose the report made thereon,
and said: The question involved was a legal one
altogether, and not a matter of proof in relation to
the facts of the case. It was the report of the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Upham,] chair-
man of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
At a subsequent period of the session, I find, ac-
cording to the Journal, that it was agreed to. The
honorable Senator, the chairman of that commit-
tee, has no objections to its being recommitted to
that committee, as it is a question depending not
upon facts, and does not come within the spirit of
the rule, but merely a question of law, which I, as
the representative of the claimant—who is a revo-
lutionaiy officer—wish to have an opportunity to
be heard upon. I would ask the Senator from
Vermont to state to the Senate his own recollec-
tion of the facts of the case.
Mr. UPHAM. I had the honor of making that
report, and of presenting it to the Senate; it was
an adverse report, and the honorable Senator called
upon me, and told me that he wished to oppose its
adoption, proposing to me, when it should come
up, that it should be postponed. I told him that I
should have no objection whatever in passing it
by until a subsequent occasion. It was passed
over, and I have ho recollection that the question
was called up during the session. If it was taken
up, it was when I was not present; for if I had
been present, I would have requested that it should
be passed by in order to give "the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] an opportunity to oppose
it. It appears from the record that the report was
taken up and agreed to, though not voted upon by
him or by me, so that I am convinced that it must
have been in our absence. 1 have no objection to
the course proposed by the Senator from Tennes-
The papers were accordingly ordered to ba re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of J. Sid-
ney Henshaw, late a professor of mathematics in
the navy, asking to be allowed the three months'
pay granted discharged officers; which, after a
word of explanation by Mr. S., was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented a memorial of William
W. Smith, and other citizens of the United States,
asking tha,t provision may be made for obtaining
certain important statistical information in connec-
tion with the census of 1850 ; which was referred
to the Select Committee on the Census.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of the heirs
of Joseph Mussi, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of Marie
Mason, widow of Milo Mason, late an officer in
the army of the United States, asking to be allowed
certain arrearages of pay due her late husband,
and reimbursement of money expended by him in
the public service; which was ordered to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of L. E.
L. A. Lawson, daughter and heir of Eleazer W.
Ripley, asking the payment of a verdict rendered
in favor of her late father in a suit instituted against
him by the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of the legal
representative of John M. Burt, and the memo-
rial of Nathaniel Wattles, President of the Marine
Insurance Company of Alexandria, asking indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800; which
were ordered to He on the table.
Mr. M. also presented the memorial of the Pres-
ident and Directors of the Potomac Insurance Com-
pany of Georgetown, asking a renewal of the
charter of said company; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the memorial of Sa-
rah Snow, and the memorial of the heirs of Jabez
Huntington, asking indemnity for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
the administrator of William W ood worth, patentee
of a planing machine, asking for a renewal of his
patent; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of James
Robertson, asking an investigation of certain
charges made against him of threatening with vi-
olence a member of the United States Senate, and
redress for illegal imprisonment; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Gustavus A. Parsons, asking compensation for
services in raising and organizing the volunteers
furnished by the State of Missouri for the Mexi-
can war; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Nancy Kirkpatrick, widow of a revolutionary sol-
dier, asking to be allowed a back pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensionss.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition from
certain citizens of Kentucky; which, being short,
he said he would read to the Senate. It was as
follows:
petition for peace.
To the honorable Sen of,r, of the United States:
The undersigned, citizens of Allen county, in the State of
Kentucky, deploring the manifold evils of war, and believ-
ing it possible to supersede, in most cases, its alleged ne-
cessity, by the timely adoption of wise and feasible substi-
tutes, respectfully request your honorable body to take such
action as you may deim best in favor of stipulated arbitra-
tion, or a congress of nations, for the accomplishment of
this most desirable end.
December, *fl. D. 1849.
Mr. U. stated that he entirely agreed with the
sentiments of the petitioners.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition of Fran-
cis A. Stockton, a purser in the navy, asking the
repayment of money expended by him on public
account in the port of Southampton, England,
while on board the United States ship St. Law*
rence; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial from the
i same, asking to be released from liability for a
sum of money lost in consequence of the failure
of the bank in which it was deposited; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr, D. also presented from the same, a petition,
asking the repayment of m#ney expended in pur-
chasing supplies for the public service; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the memorial of the
heirs of James Cox, deceased, asking indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Madison and Polk counties, in that
State, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Fort Des Moines to Council Bluffs, and a
mail route from Winterset, in Iowa, to Athens,
Missouri; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
Bridgeport, Connecticut, asking an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of Frances P.
Gardiner, widow of an officer in the army, who
was killed in battle, asking to be allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of Frances
Fowler, widow of an officer in the army, wh# died
in service, asking a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the petition of Nathaniel Kuykendall, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON,
Ordered, That the petition-of llie heirs of Robert Sewatl,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
On motion by Mr. BENTON,
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Alien, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee of Claims,
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordered, That the petition of the le^al representatives of
John Rice Jones, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
Ordered, That the documents on the tiles of the Senate,
relating to the claim of Gamaliel Taylor and his sureties,
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered, That the memorial of the delegates of the Creek
nation be reterred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN,
Ordered, That tile memorial of the administrator of Wm.
A. Slacurn, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. UPHAM presented a report and resolutions
adopted by the General Assembly of Vermont,
recommending the establishment of a Bureau of
Agriculture in the Department of the Interior at
Washington; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed;
Mr. U. also presented resolutions passed by the
Senate and House of Representatives of the State
of Vermont, expressive of their opinion of the
powers conferred on Congress by the Constitution
of the United States, and requesting the Senators
and Representatives of that State in Congress to
resist by all constitutional means the extension of
slavery, and to exclude slavery from the {district
of Columbia, and requesting the Representatives
of the said State to use their exertion for the or-
ganization of certain territorial governments, with
a proviso excluding involuntary servitude there-
from, except for crime; which Mr. U. moved to
have printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the motion to re-
ceive the resolutions be laid upqn the table.
Mr. HALE and Mr. UPHAM demanded the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
Mr. U. expressed his surprise at the objection
to receiving resolutions of a sovereign State, It
was usual to receive such documents and print
them without objection.
Mr. DAWSON remarked that the resolutions
presented by the Senator had already been printed,
and were upon the tables of Senators.
Mr. UPHAM replied that they had been printed,
in the other House, and without objection.
Mr. KING. I will state that the practice has
been, that whenever resolutions or memorials are
