120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
presented here, if the Chair has any expectation
of any objection on the part of any Senator to
their reception, for the Chair to ask whether they
should be received. It is parliamentary usage and
law,'that no paper can Tie received without the con-
sent of the body to which it is presented; and it
becomes the duty of the presiding officer, when he
knows that there is any objection to the reception
of a paper, to put the question, Shall it be received?
And the practice has been, in the case of memorials
on this subject, heretofore, to move to lay them
upon the table, and, to lay them upon the table.
When, however, resolutions are sent to us by sister
States, it has been the practice, out of respect to
them, to move to lay them upon the table, and
order them to be printed.
The yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
motion to receive on the table were here ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE. That question is not debatable—
is it ?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly not. I arose simply
to say, as it is a question of order, as to the dispo-
sition of these memorials, that I think the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Kjng] is right. As I under-
stand the practice, it has been usual to receive
all such resolutions, and to order them to be
printed.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senator yield the
floor?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly; with pleasure.
Mr. MANGUM. I wish to say that the state-
ments of the Senator from Alabama do not accord
with what was my impression of the settled prac-
tice of the last twelve or fourteen years. If that is
the view of the honorable Senator-, I have no ob-
jection, and I withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the motion to print, there being no objection
to the recemion of the resolutions.
Mr. YULEE.- I desire to ask if these resolu-
tions have been received.
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that they had
been.
Mr. YULEE. I understand, then, that the mo-
tion now pending is to print. I desire to say that
whatever may be the practice of the Senate, and
the dispostion Qf gentlemen to conform to that
practice, 1 feel it incumbent upon me to adhere to
the precedent I adopted for my own course, in the
case of the resolutions from New York during the
last session. I then took the ground, thatalthough
it might be proper to receive and place on the Jour-
nals of this body the resolutions emanating from
the Legislatures of the sovereign States of the
Union, it was not incumbent on us, and certainly
I would not by my vote consent, to give dignity
to the proceeding by agreeing to print resolutions
couched in language opprobrious and offensive to
the citizens of the State which I have the honor to
represent in part, and of a large portion of the
States represented in this body. The language
with which these resolutions open is more violent,
offensive, opprobrious, and reprehensible, than any
ever before presented to this body. I will read
from them:
Resolved, That slavery is a crime against humanity, and
a sore evil in the body-politic, that was excused by the
fr rimer-; of the Federal Constitution as a cnme entailed upon
the country by their predecessors, and tolerated solely as
a thing of inexorable necessity.
Now, sir, slavery is an institution which the
people I represent choose to maintain within their
limits, and which is sanctioned by the Constitu-
tion and Government in which they have engaged
with the State of Vermont. I consider that by
receiving the communication of a State containing
offensive language to other members of the Union,
we give our sanction and approbation to it, so far
as acquiesccnce will have this effect, and that we
thus encourage a course of crimination and recrim-
ination, produc.rjg a continual irritation between
the States, which must b<* eventually fatal to the
Union.
These resolutions are not ordered to be commu-
nicated to the Senate of the United States by the
Legislature of Vermont; they are instructions to
the Senators and Representatives from that State:
and it will be found, I think, that it was only at
the last session of Congress that the precedent was
ever set of the printing, by this body, of resolu-
tions of such a character. Now, although the
Senators who receive these instructions may he
allowed to present them and to lay them on the
table as a memorial of the direction which con-
trols their votes, they have no right to call upon
the Senate, nor is this body bound, to give im-
portance to such resolutions by an order to print
them. At all events, as the only means by which
I, ns an individual representing a constituency
which employs the institution denounced by the
Legislature of Vermont, can mark my reprehen-
sions of language such as,is used in these resolu-
tion, I shall withhold, 'if I vote alone, my vote
for the printing of them.
Mr. BUTLER obtained the floor, but gave way
to tlte reading of the resolutions, which were read
as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
slavery i-i a crime against humanity, and a sore evil in the
body-politic, that was excused by theframers of the Federal
Constitution as a crime entailed upon the country by their
predecessors, and tolerated solely as a thing of inexorable
necessity.
Resoloed, That the so-called" compromises of the Consti-
tution" restrained the Federal Government from interfering
with slavery only in the States in which it then existed, and
from interference with the slave trade only for a limited
time, which has long since expired ; and that the powers
conferred upon Congress by the Constitution to suppress the
slave trade, to regulate commerce between the States, to
govern the Territories, and to admit new States—powers
conferred with an express intention "to form a more per-
fect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defence, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselyes and our
posterity "—may all rightfully be used so as lo prevent the
extension of slavery into territory now free, and to abolish
slavery and the slave trade wherever either exists under the
jurisdiction of Congress.
Revived, That our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress be requested to resist by all and every constitutional
means the extension of slavery in any manner, whether by
the annexation to slaveholdinst Texas of territory now free,
or by the admission to the Union of territory already ac-
quired, or which may be hereafter acquired, without an
express prohibition of slavery, either in the constitution of
each new State asking admission, or in the aet of Congress
providing for such admission.
Resolved, further, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be lequested to support every just and prudent
measure for the exclusion of siavery*from the District of
Columbia; for the entire suppression of the slave trade on
the high seas, and wherever else Congress has jurisdiction;
and generally to relieve the Federal Government from all
responsibility for the existence, maintenance, or tolerance
of slavery, or the traffic in slaves.
Resolved,further, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives requested, to use their
exertions for the speedy organization of a territorial govern-
ment for New Mexico and California, with a provision for-
ever excluding involuntary servitude, except for crime,
therefrom.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to furnish a
copy of the foregoing resolutions to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress, and to the Governor of each
State in the Union.
•Approved November 12, 1849.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the printing of these resolutions. I think, in im-
jiort, they are precisely the same as other resolu-
tions offered by non-slaveholding States, which
have been received and printed. I therefore ad-
here to usage and custom. As long as I repre-
sent one of the sovereign States of this Union, I
shall extend to the other members the courtesy of
printing resolutions of this kind. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, I shall also vote for it for a very different
reason. I want the people of the southern States
to see the progress of opinion at the North. I
want them to hear the language used by northern
States in reference to southern institutions. I
want them to understand that northern States have
said that this is an unworthy copartnership, and
that the North has been tainted by the Confederacy.
I do not want, sir, to impose a straw's impediment
in the way of the knowledge of these opinions by
the South. I will not, upon collateral issues -of
this kind, oppose the printing of the resolutions.
I wish these demonstrations to go forth in exactly
the language in which they send them here, and I
shall not avoid them in anyfoim in which they
choose to present them.
Mr. PHELPS. I believe that the Senate will
bear me witness, that for the ten years during
which I have had the honor of a seat in this body,
I have uniformly avoided discussion upon this
►troublesome question. I have met it here upon
one or two occasions, when the matter was called
up, but r believe I have met it in a spirit of concil-
iation; I have met. it in a manner indicating my ad-
herence to the spirit of harmony; and, sirj I never
shall approach the subject with any other feelings.
With respect to these resolutions, I have only a
word or two to say; that this subject has not only
attracted the attention of the people of this coun-
try, but it has arrested the attention of the world
at large. It is a subject upon which any people
and every people are at liberty to express their
opinions. -It is a great question of moral action—
a great question of political action. I hold it
therefore to be right, sir, that all persons, at all
times, should be at liberty to express their opin-
ions upon it. The State of Vermont should have
liberty to express her opinions. The Senator from
Florida is at liberty to express his opinions. It is
the " great absorbing question of the day," as it
has been called; and of course every portion of
this country is at liberty to express its opinions
upon it. I may here remark, that when tile Legis-
lature of my own State expressed their sentiments
in these resolutions, they did not expect that any
peculiar importance would be attached to them—
that they would receive the concurrence and sanc-
tion of the Senate. They did not think of it. As
1 have remarked, I have avoided all irritating dis-
cussion upon this subject of slavery. I deprecate
it upon both sides. I regret much that this subject
cannot be disposed of by the South and the North
in a spirit of conciliation, harmony, and good feel-
ing. I wish now it was settled, and settled for-
ever.
It-is in this way, and in this way only, that the
subject can be disposed of. Irritation, provoca-
tion, offensive language, do mischief, and mischief
only. I am disposed to meet it as a great absorb-
ing question, which, in the discharge of my duties,
I am called upon every hour to meet. Now, sir,
I meet this subject, and how do I meet it? As
respects this question, so far as it is a subject of
legislation—this question of slavery in relation to
the Territories, and in relation to the District—it is
a pure question of policy, to be settled by us in
our discretion. If we think this institution is not
calculated to promo,te the prosperity of the Territo-
ries—if we think it is mischievous in its character
in this District, it is our duty, as wise legislators,
to put our hands upon the statute-book, and to blot
it out. It is a great question of policy, to be set-
tled by us, and not one of feelings of mutual crimi-
nation; it is a great question to be discussed -in a
calm and dispassionate manner. I do not like this
agitation. I have avoided it. I have studiously
kept myself out of the way of it, for the reason that
discussion has not been conducted, let me say, in
the best manner.
Now, with regard to these resolutions, what are
they ? They are the expression of the sentiment
of the people of my own State. As such they
are offered here, and for nothing more. We ask
that they be received, as the expression of the
opinion of any other State has been received by us.
We ask nothing more than that which has been
accorded by common courtesy to every expression
of opinion upon similar subjects coming from a
sovereign State.
But gentlemen will excuse me if 1 add, after
what has been said, that these resolutions express
the opinions of the civilized world. They are the
sentiments, I say, of the civilized world upon this
subject; and instead of being made the subject of
reproach here, they should be treated as the senti-
ments of the civilized world—as the sentiments of
the age in which we live.
What are these resolutions ? Do they ask for
interference in thue domestic concerns of any of the
States ? No, sir. They call upon Congress to do
its duty where it has the power. They piopose
not to meddle with the internal policy of any State;
but they call upon us, where we possess the pow-
er, to perform our duty—that duty to which we
are called, I believe, by the universal sentiment of
the civilized world, with the exception of those por-
tions of it where the peculiar institution prevails.
Having said thus much, I think it my duty to
sav that no man—no man—is more averse to an
officious intermeddling with the affairs of our sis-
ter States than I am. I leave them with their in-
stitutions. I leave them to manage their institu-
tions in their own way. 1 will not lift a finger to
disturb tl'em in the regulation of their own con-
cerns. But, sir, on this great question, when it is
approved on the our. hand, and when it is disap-
proved on the fither, and when the question is
raised whether this institution shall he co-exten-
sive with our possessions—when the question is
raised whether it shall be extended the world over,
if our power covers the world—then I shall follow
the dictates of my own judgment and of my own
conscience, and say, where it now exists, let it be;
but where it does not exist, let it not be carried.
Such are my opinions, sir.
