1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
While desiring the admission of California as a
State, he was no friend of that policy which would
leave the remaining territories without civil gov-
ernments. He was for their organization. Want
of time, as well as the obvious and urgent nature
of the reasons for this policy, would prevent his
attempting an enumeration of them now. Others
h id fully and forcibly done that work before him.
T/iese territories were now free, it was evident
that a very large majority of their inhabitants de-
sired them to remain so. He was opposed to the
extension of slavery over them.
It was our clear constitutional duty, and ought
to be our choice, to leave that institution in the
States where it exists, without assault or interfer-
ence either from the people or governments of
other States, or from the General Government.
He knew that a contrary spirit prevailed among
certain people, thougn he believed of compara-
tively few in number, especially in the free States,
that a different course had been pursued.
The course of these people, or of portions of
them, however designed, had been productive of
great and unmitigated mischief. They had done
more to exasperate the people—the two sections
of the country against each other—to make worse
the condition of (he slave, to tighten his fetters,
and to retard the cause of emancipation, than any
other one cause, if not more than ail other causes
combined.
The extension of slavery into territories now
free, was another matter. He believed in the
power of the Government to prohibit it. «If this
question of power was ever one of doubt, the
long-continued and almost uniform practice of the
Government had settled it. The course of those
gentlemen on this floor who favor and demand the
reenactment of the Missouri compromise m re-
spect to these territories, was an admission of this
power—was a call for its exercise at this time.
VVhatis the Missouri compromise? the prohibi-
tion of slavery by the General Government north
of acertamspecified line, leaving it to thedecision of
the people at the time of the formation of their State
governments south of that line. If it is constitutional
for Congress to exclude slavery from a part of this
territory, it cannot be unconstitutional to apply the
same legislation to all of it. The question, then,
is one of expediency simply. The people whom
I represent (said Mr. H.) believe it to be expedi-
ent so to exclude it, and ask it at my hands, so
far as my vote is concerned. This is authority
enough for me, and will determine my course upon
this point. I proscribe no man, denounce no
man, North or South, because he differs from me
upon this subject. I submit to no man's proscrip-
tion on account of my own position, and presume
it will not be attempted.
Should this restriction fail to be adopted, my
course with legard to such measures as shall be
proposed for the organization of teiritona! govern-
ments, alone or in company with other measures,
will depend upon the nature of their provisions.
The existing laws of these territories, sustained as
they seem to be, by the character of the country
and the almost-universal voice of the inhabitants,
prohibit slavery. These laws, as I believe, will
remain in force unless abrogated by act of Con-
gress. If a provision excluding slavery cannot
be adopted, 1 may vote for territorial governments
without it. But I deem it due to myself, as well
as those with whom 1 act, to declare, that I cannot
vote for any form of territorial organization, or for
any law which establishes slavery within their
limits, thVustmg that institution upon an unwilling
people, who have it not, and do not wish it.
In the urgent desire of settling finally and for-
ever, if it may be, this long and distracting contro-
versy—in the spit it of concession and compromise,
if that concession is to be reasonable, and that
spirit mutual—i am willing to abate somewhat of
my own preferences, of my own wishes. 1 am
not willing, as I am not at liberty, to sacurice the
interests or' my people, to disiegard their expressed
wishes, nor to prove untrue by enlisting under the
banner of either extreme, to the great interests of
patriotism, unanimity of our glorious Union and
our common country.
Mr. S TANLY renewed the amendment, to say
a single word. He did not wish to discuss the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama at all,
but merely to call attention to a particular part of
that amendment, viz: the words " in pursuance
of constitutional authority," The gentleman had
very shrewdly drawn his amendment, so aa that
the committee, if they sustained it, would in effect
declare that California was doing wrong in asking
to be admitted at this time. If they voted in the
gentleman's amendment, they voted California
out. He did not wish to say anything more. He
withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BISSELL renewed the amendment. He
said, the proposition submitted by the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Inge] asserts substantially,
that States hereafter presenting themselves for ad-
mission into the Union ought not to be refused such
admission, on the ground that their constitutions
prohibit slavery on the one hand, or on the other
permit it.
i shall vole for that proposition. I shall vote
for it because, in my judgment, it declares a cor-
rect principle. It is a principle, sir, upon which
I have always stood, and from which I have no
ideaof departing—a principle maintained and cher-
ished by my constituents, and one which they
will be slow to surrender. I shall vote for it, sir,
for the further reason, that I desire to correct, as
far as may be done here, an erroneous and injuri-
ous inference deducible from yesterday's vote on
the proposition introduced by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] and which was in
substance like the one now under consideration.
I cannot but regard the vote by which that propo-
sition was defeated as a most unfortunate one;
and, as such, 1 regret it profoundly. Not that its
necessary practical results are so much to be dep-
recated, for they, indeed, aie just nothing at all,
but bccause the true explanation of that vote will
never be known by one in a hundred of those who
will learn with alarm the simple fact that such a
proposition was voted down by northern members
on this floor.
The proposition yesterday voted on was in sub-
stance this: that no State ought to be denied ad-
mission into the Union (when otherwise entitled
to come m) on the ground that the constitution
that she may have adopted for herself permits sla-
very. This proposition was, in my judgment,
I most unwisely voted down.
Now, looking at the naked vote on this ques-
tion, it appears like a solemn declaration by the
northern members of this branch of Congress, that
no more slave States are ever to be admitted into
the Union—that such is the fixed, irrevocably set-
tled determination of the people of the North. It
is in that aspect, sir, that that vote will be too
generally regarded,especially in the South. Thou-
sands there who learn the result of the vote, will
regard it as a declaration by the North that only
States with constitutions prohibiting slavery are
henceforth to be admitted into the Union. Some
t will honestly suppose, and others* will assert with-
: out caring to inquire whether it be correct or not,
that such is the legitimate and fair interpretation
of that vote. You and I, Mr. Chairman, and
others who witnessed the proceedings here, know
better. We know that no such inference is
fairly deducible from that vote. We know that
many did not vote upon the proposition at all,
regarding it as a mere declaration of an abstract
principle, out of place and out of time, and real-
ly calling for no vote either for or against it.
And a large number of those who voted against
it, did so, as we know, from a desire to see the
California bill kept unembarrassed by this or any
other amendment. These are the considerations,
as we who are here know, which induced that
vote. But will the explanation travel into all
places side by side with the announcement of the
vote? Know you not, sir, that before yester-
day's sun went down, our telegraphs had con-
veyed with hghtnmgspeed the result of that vote
into every quarter of our Union, and especially
into the South? And think you that the facts
necessary to its correct understanding went with
it? Will not hundreds learn the result of that
vote, and be startled at it, who will never know
its true explanation at ail?
Look for a moment at the inevitable effect of
tins in the South. It has been declared heie by
I one or two, or perhaps three northern members,
that it is the fixed determination of the people ot
the North to admit no more slaveholdmg States
into the Union; and although it has been denied
aga n and again that any such determination exists
there, yet we know that these declarations have
been extensively circulated in the South, as indic-
ative of the policy which the North intends tto
pursue towards that section of the Union. I trust
that few men, even in the South, have placed any
confidence in, or attached any consequence to,
these declarations. But, sir, with yesterday's
vote in seeming confirmation of these declarations*
how will it appear to them then? Will not those
who are disposed t.o agitate this subject in the
South, and to mislead and excite the people there,
point to this vote and say, " Behold the proof of
all we have told you, as to the designs of the
North against us! Is not here the proof that the
extremest declaration as to the designs of the
North made by the extremest Abolitionist on the
floor of Congress is true?" Sir, I am opposed to
furnishing agitators in any quarter with any such
material for their operations. Let those who are
disposed to niake war upon our institutions, or the
Union, furnish their own ammunition.
Sir, i maintain that the proposition now under
consideration contains a principle correct in itself
and recognized by the people of the North, and
especially by the Democratic party. Upon the
slavery question they are in favor of non-inter-
vention; and when new States shall be formed,
they desire that the people thereof shall be as free
to adopt such a constitution as they may choose
for themselves, as were or are the people of Illi-
nois, or Massachusetts, or South Carolina, or
Mississippi. The proposition now befoie us
asserts this proposition—no more, no less; and,
for the reasons I have given, I am in favor of it.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, renewed the
amendment, and said, he had voted yesterday for
the same proposition substantially, when offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky, and he believed
he was pretty much alone from the Whigs of the
North. He was glad to find this morning that
others were coming round to the same opinion.
He was not in the habit of explaining his reasons
on all occasions for his votes, but he wished to
say that he thought it right then so to vote, and.
he thought so still. He thought it unfortunate
that the committee rejected the proposition yes-
terday, for the effect which that result was calcu-
lated to have upon the minds of gentlemen nere,
and upon the feelings of the people of the South,
as had just been so strongly and eloquently stated,
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell.]
He (Mr. Butler) did not feel the force of the ob-
jection stated by some for refusing to vote for the
proposition, because they did not wish to embar-
rass the California bill by adding this as an amend-
ment. Why, sir, it was offered as an amendment
to an amendment, and would not be attached so
as to embarrass the bill, unless the amendment
itself should be adopted; and if that was done, the
pioposition would not add to the difficulty. He
admitted fully the right of the people to form their
constitution to suit themselves, and when formed,
they were entitled to come here and claim admis-
sion as a State into the Union; arid that there is a
pro-slavery clause in their State constitution forms
no insuperable objection with him to such admis-
sion, any more than that an anti-slavery clause
in her fundamental law shall form such objection.
He believed such to be the sentiment of his con-
stituents; and so far as his expression of the views
he entertained may have an influence, he was
willing to let it go, with the hope and expectation
that it may be sustained by those who hereafter
represent those constituents on this floor. Such
States have a right to come in on an equality with
the old States, and to enjoy all the benefits and be
subject to all the compromises of the Constitution.
Tne pnnciple of this amendment is that in which
the admission of California is urged. Her admis-
sion with her anti-sluvery constitution is advo-
cated on the ground that the people there are op-
posed to slavery, and have do*he what they had the
right to do—exclude it by their own action; and
yet many of those who thus think, opposed the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky yes-
terday. And there is the same inconsistency on
the other side, <>n the part of those who oftei this
proposition, and yet oppose California because of
the anti-elavery clause in her constitution, or who
suffer that consideration to influence their oppo-
sition in any degree. He thought if all parties
would lay aside their passions and prejudices, and
give fair and full expression to their real senti-
ments, the proposition to permit a State to come
into the Union with a republican constitution, the
wprk of her own hands, recognizing or excluding
