1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
slavery, as she thought best, would receive an
almost unanimous vote here. The discussion this
morning has furnished cheeiing evidence that such
would be the lesult.
But whether tins would be so or not, Mr. B.
thought there was no use in quarreling about it,
and that nothing was to be gamed by refusing to
admit a State on this ground. Suppose a State
should offer herself with a constitution containing
a clause permitting slavery, and Congress should
strike out the clause and then admit her, could she
not, as soon as she could call it convention of her
citizens, alter her constitution, reinstate the pro-
elavery clause, and admit slavery ? if she did so,
would she not still be a State of the Union, on an
equality with the othei States? There 13 no doubt
of this, nor that if a State (California for instance)
should be admitted with an anti-slavery clause,
she could immediately afterwards change her con-
stitution in this respect, and become a slave State.
Mr. B. did not see when there would be any lem-
edy, even if Ohio, or any other State which came
into the Union under the operation 01 the ordi-
nance of 1787, should change her constitution and
become a stave State. If she did, however it
might be a breach of that compact, her Senators
and Representatives would not be turned away
from the doors of the Capitol as intiuders, having
no light here. No, sir, she would still be a State
of the Union, with the rights of a sovereign State.
He would add, it is true, the admission ot a slave
Sute carries with it that feature of the Constitu-
tion respecting representation which is so objec-
tionable to some. Slaves cannot vote, though
three-fifths of them aie represented;—this is fixed
by the Constitution under which we all live;—and
however much any gentleman may wish it other-
wise, it is not such an objection as would influence
him to vote against the admission of a State.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ROOT letiewed the amendment, and made
some remarks, which were very imperfectly heard.
He was understood to say that this amendment, as
he understood, was advocated by the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Butler,] the
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. 13issell,]
and others who had preceded him in thedeoate, as
a kind of peace-offering to theSouth; but he wanted
to ask gentlemen what effect they could give to it?
It had nothing to do with the bill; and were gen-
tlemen who voted for it, ready to vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri, if
it wei e so amended? lie wanted southern men to
consider how much of a peace-offering it would be.
The country wanted peace and quiet, God knew;
but they would nut get it by sticking into this
amendment this abstraction, which the same gen-
tlemen avovml they meant finally to strike out.
What was the use of all thisga.mium? He could not
understand the consistency ot gentlemen voting for
the Missouri compromise, when they said it was
unconstitutional. He ridiculed the idea of north-
ern gentlemen being so stimulated by fear that the
South would misapprehend the vote of yesteiday,
which, it was said, had been carried on the wings
of lightning over the entire South, as by way of
pacifying theSouthand giving peace and quietness
to that section to vote an amendment to a proposi-
tion and then to vote down the entire proposition.
Was this the Committee of the Whole of the House
of Representatives? or was it a place where they
were distributing sugar-plums and bonbons? This
amendment had nothing to do with the subject
under consideration. He should vote againt it, as
he should against any other proposition which
was not necesssty to perfect the bill. He went
for California alone, by itself, and he would even
vote against a proposition of amendment embody-
ing the Buffalo platform itself.
He wished it was a legitimate case for offering a
proposition declaring that any people emigrating
from any part of the United States had the light to
convert a free tenitory into a slave territory. He
would like to vote against it, and he would like to
have the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. But-
ler] vote for it, and have the gentleman's constit-
uent's understand it. He would like to know
hovv many men there were from the fiee States
ready to declare that free territory might be con-
verted into slave States. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bi&sell] spoke about little segments of
parties, and said that the ''great parties" of the
North were not in favor of such things. There
were very few men at the North, he could tell the
gentleman, in favor of the "great parties;" they
were separated, and you could never get them to-
gether again, unless you got them into an omnibus.
[Here the Chairman'a hammer fell.] Mr. K.
withdrew the amendment.
Mr. MORSE renewed the amendment. He
sain: Mr. Chairman, 1 thank the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Root] for withdrawing the amend-
ment, and f renew it; and i thank him again most
sincerely for helping us to smoke out (to borrow
his own striking expression) some of our pre-
tended friends, North and South; and if he and his
brotherFree-Soilers will only give us their help, we
shall be able to show to our constituents at the
South what is the public sentiment at the North
in relation to the vexed question of slavery. I
was astonished to hear the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bissei.l] make it a matter of reproach
that the result of yesterday':? vote on the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] should have been transmitted on the wings
of lightning and by lightning itself, to all parts of
the South without the explanation accompanying
it. Well, sir, we heard the explanations of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell,] the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,] and
the gentleman fiom New Hampshire, [Mr. Hib-
bard,] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,.
[Mr. Butler,] and what does itamount to ? Why,
an abstract proposition was presented which at
the proper time some of them were in favor of,
but which some of them did not choose to vote,
and which all, I believe, would vote to strike out
of the bill,—some for one reason and some for
another,—and yet we of the South, who tell our
constituents that the Free-Soilers speak the truth,
and that the entire North is hostile to our institu-
tions, are denounced daily as ultra men, faction-
ists, disunionists, &c., &c.
Sir, 1 do not want any of these peace-ofFerings
in the form of an amendment to an amendment,
and then a vote to strike out the whole. I want
ttue, substantial votes, and tangible justicc. 1
shall never remain quiet as long as any distinction
is made between slave property and any othei
property, either m the territories or in the States;
and you may rest assured that the agitation will
never cease, as long as that odious distinction is
kept up. If we are equals, we should be allowed
to travel peaceably and unmolested with our slave
property not only in every part of every territory,
but in all the States of this Union. The States of
the South have made slaves property in fifteen
States, and we should have the right de jure and
de facto to go with them wherever we please. As
long as a citizen of Massachusetts can go to eveiy
southern State with his horse, his dog, or any
other property, and be protected m the enjoyment
of them, and a citizen of Louisiarfu cannot go into
every other State with his slave, thete is no
equality, and no man doubts, that if the slave
States had so, insisted, such a provision would
have been inserted in the Constitution. But being
in a large majority, they never dreamed that such
a right would have been denied. In fact, it was
the case until a few years since. When 1 was at
school and at college at the North, my father
brought his servants with him in Boston and Cam-
bridge, and there was no disposition to molest
them or him.
For myself, I want no paper compromises, no
new compromises. If you will not keep the old
one, I am willing to part company now; and 1 hope
the South will reject indignantly every wishy-
washy, milk and water, ridiculous compromise,
and resist to the last extremity. The course ot
the South on this question is another lamentable
instance of the absurdity of receding befote ag-
giession, which only mistakes conciliation for
tear, and always advances as you recede.
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK renewed the amendment. He
understood geinltmen who were in favot of the
proposition, desiieda vote upon it. It had been
his purpose to submit a diffeient proposition. He
had intended to move an amendment germane to
the bill, and which is as follows:
" Ami it h hereby understood and declared, that it is no
objection to the ;u1jms*mou o; tiie Mute oJ California a* one
of the States oi iui< Union, tiint sue ims inserted a pto-
vi-ion into hei uoiiotituuou excluding slavery and involun-
Uty servitude."
He desired a vote on this amendment; but lie
! would renew the amendment of the gentleman
' from Alabama, as there was a desire to take a vote
upon it. The present discussion seemed to him
to present a singular spectacle. The people of
California came here five or six months ago, with
a constitution asking to be admitted as one of the
States of the Union. Until this moment the scene
we have exhibited here is such an opposition by
a minority in this body as has prevented her from
being admitted. And why has she not been ad-
mitted ? Is it because the people of California
held a convention for the adoption of a constitu-
tion without the previous assent of Congress?
Did anyone believe that to be the true reason?
Is it because they had not adopted the iirie of
boundaries which her opponents wish ? One could
hardly believe that to be the true reason. Who
opposed the admission of California? The South.
There must, then, be some other question which
incites to this geographical division upon this
question. It is not a mere coincidence—an acci-
dent, that the South so generally oppose this new
State, while the North are so generally, so unan-
imously in her favor. And what then is the ques-
tion ~r Slavery. It is the word slavery. It is
manifest that the true, the real objection of the
South, is that the people of California have in-
serted in their constitution a clause prohibiting
slavery. It is not, then, because the boundaries
are not approved; it is not because the people
formed a constitution in convention, without the
previous sanction of Congress; it is not because
there is not a sufficient number of population; it
is on none these points that objection is made
to the admission of California. Every one now
admits that it is this question of slavery which
raises all the difficulty, and all the propositions
of compromise which have been submitted look
to that clause. Her admission has been opposed
on that account; and all these other objections as
to boundary, the irregularity with which the con-
stitution was formed, &c., are all intioduced as
mere incidents, nothing more than by-play. All
these amendments which have been submitted look
10 that, and, m his opinion, ought to have been
luled out of order. And now the gentlemen who
have opposed the admission of California wish to
have a vote on this abstract proposition. They
want us to declare that aState has a right to come
in, whether in her constitution she allows slavery
or prohibits it. And while they ask for this vote,
they are in fact opposed to the principle it con-
tains, inasmuch as they oppose the admission uf'
California because her fiee people have chosen to
excludeslavery by a clause in her constitution. He
trusted that ihe people would understand that the
admission of California was opposed because she
was the first of these newly-acquired territories
which had desired to come into the Union as a
free State; and gentlemen of the South now asked
an expression of the opinion of the committee on
! this abstract question, while they themselves are
opposing the admission of California and the wish
j of her people, because they have inserted in then*
i constitution a clause prohibiting slavery within
I their limits. Now, he considered an ounce of
j practice to be worth a pound of precept, and he
j would like to see whether the gentlemen who ad-
! vocate this amendment would come up and vote
I for the bill to admit California.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SEDDON, lenewmg the amendment, said,
I am happy, Mr. Chairman, to see that with some
honorable Representatives from the North, there
is a limit, short of the extreme of anti-slavery fn-
1 naticism, which they profess no desire to exceed.
; I understand such to avow, with wanly frank-
1 net-s, that Congress is, by the provisions and spi-
> rit of the Constitution, bound to admit into the
j Confederacy new States when legitimately organ-
ized out of the territories of the Union, without
i leferencc to the question whether, in their consti-
1 tution, they may have recognized or prohibited Af-
! ncan slaveiy. They maintain, and rightly, that
| the people of a territory, when authorized to form
! a State and establish oigamc law, are entitled to
perfect freedom of election, and aie alone empow-
; tied to decide whether they wilt establish or ex-
! elude the institution of slavery. Tins proposition
I is, f acknowledge, plainly just and tiue, and in
! entire conformity with the. Constitution and the
| 1 elation of the states to the territories. But, sir,
j I advert to and restate it, that the gentlemen who
; avow it, and all others, may recognize and under-
| stand its character and legitimate consequences.
ii Sir, the inevitable corollary from it is, being
