12%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
and submission to a government of unlimited
power? Sir, in that case, the Constitution would
not only not be worih the parchment upon which
it is written, but every son of the South would be
truant to his fathers and his blood, who would re-
gard it for one instant. That is the resolution—
the determination in which the Senator from Ver-
mont sees only a threat of disunion. It is the
choice between resistance at every hazard, and to
the last extremity, and submission to a govern-
ment of unlimited power. When that day comes,
sir, the decision of the State of Virginia is made;
and 1 would not pledge my life only, but I pledge
the lives of all her citizens, that she will make it
good. I hope the resolutions will be printed.
Mr. HALE. I wish simply to correct a matter
of history. It is stated by the honorable Senator
from Alabama that- it has always been a practice,
out of regard to the sister States, to print the reso-
lutions sent here by them. I have had occasion
to consult the record, sir, upon this matter, and I
find, singularly enough, but one solitary exception
to that rule; and singular as it may seem, that ex-
ception was in the case of this very State of Ver-
mont. Eleven years ago to-morrow, sir—on the
9th of January, 1839—Mr. Prentiss of Vermont
introduced the resolutions of that State, instruct-
ing her Senators and requesting her Representa-
tives to use their efforts to prevent the annexation
of Texas, to procure the abolition of the slave
trade and of slavery in the District of Columbia,
and to defend their right of petition. Mr. Pren-
tiss moved that they be laid upon the table and
printed. A division was called for by Mr. Pos-
ter, and the question of laying upon the table was
decided in the affirmative. The question recur-
ring upon the printing of the resolution, a mo-
tion was made by Mr. Lumpkin that the motion
to print should be laid upon the table. The yeas
and nays were taken; and that record is very in-
etructive—particularly if you read the yeas and
nays, and then read the names of those in the
Senate that did not appear among the yeas and
nays there. There were 29 yeas, sir, and only 8
nays, so that, in that instance, the resolutions of
one of the " sovereignties"—I believe that is the
name they call them now, sir—of one of the
" sovereignties" of this Confederacy were laid
upon the table by a vote in the Senate of 29 to 8.
With that exception of the 9th of January, 1839,
up to this rime, I believe that the practice has been,
as stated by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
King,] to print the resolutions. Resolutions com-
ing from southern States, vastly more offensive to
gentlemen who differ from them than those coming
from the free States are, have been received and
printed without any objection. At the same time,
^appears by the record that eleven years ago to-
morrow—I wish this had been put off another day,
sir, so that we might have the even year for it—
this resolution was laid upon the table, and the
printing was refused. Now, sir, 1 am no repre-
sentative of Vermont—and she is vastly better
represented here than she would be if represented
by some others—and I do not know that there is
anything peculiar in the resolutions she presents;
but it seems to be a peculiar coincidence, that the
only exception to the general practice of the Sen-
ate should have been in the case of'that State, and
that now it is desired that it shall be repeated. I
simply wish, as a matter of history, to make this
statement, and to state the result of calling the
yeas and nays, so that those who object lo the
printing of these resolutions may see that they
stand upon the record with a precedent before
them.
A Sen-ator. And a precedent exactly in point.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, a precedent exactly in
point, because it is a Vermont case. In regard to
what has fallen from the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] allow me to say, that, for one, I do
not see any great occasion for excitement upon
this subject.
A Senator. Please to read the yea3 and nays.
Mr. HALE read the names from the Journal,
and resumed:
In regard to these resolutions, sir, as I was about
to remark, I think they are very harmless things,
after all. The true state of the fact, sir, is this:
There has been a small band of fanatics at the
North a good while; and they have made so much
noise that the people begin to think they are more
numerous than they are. The Whig party and
the Democratic party have already begun to think "
they are of some consequence; and the result is,
that they have started upon the game of resolutions,
for their especial benefit. The Whig party passes
a set of resolutions, and then the Democratic party
passes a set of resolutions—they had to come to it
at last—because, sir, fanatics have votes there as
well as other folks. [Laughter.] So the Whigs
and Democrats both set to work with their resolu-
tions to catch the fanatics; and these resolutions
are intended for home use altogether, [renewed
laughter;] and that explains the reason why they
are not instructed to be presented here, because
they are not intended to be presented here—they
are for home use only. The Whigs call the Dem-
ocrats pro-slavery, and then the. Democrats turn
round and call the Whigs pro-slavery; and they
can each point to the record, and show that they
have passed the most stringent resolutions that
could possibly be written. Resolutions! Why,
sir, there have been resolutions enough passed
against slavery—passed under these circumstances
—to make a winding sheet for every slave and
every slaveholder m the Union. Yet, after all, if
you sift it to the bottom, you will find that there
is very little resolution in any of their 6t resolu-
tions. ''
Excitement! If there has been any excitement
created by these resolutions, I can assure the Sen-
ator that they do not mean anything.. They are
the most harmless things in the world. They are
simply intended to be used about election time—to
be used on great occasions. When favorite candi-
dates are to be pushed in, or others defeated, then
they are of some use. And that is the way we
happen to get these resolutions from Vermont at
the present time; for the Legislature of Vermont
will have to fill a vacancy in the United States
Senate at their next session. They will be obliged
either to reelect this gentleman, whose term soon
expires, or to elect some other one in his place.
And it is very convenient, sir, at such times, to
show good resolutions. [Great laughter.] And
so it is in all these States. And really it seems to
me that, in this point of view, they are very harm-
less affairs; and Senators may wait some time until
these fanatics get to be more numerous than it is
apprehended they are, before these resolutions will
do any great harm out of their immediate'neighbor-
hood. I do not say these things to disparage the
expression of the popular sentiment and will; but
this great Confederacy, and the whole world are
waiting—watting very anxiously—to know what
we are about; and it is certainly very desirable
that they should know the true state of the case.
Mr. PHELPS. I am very much gratified to
find that this subject is met in this kind temper.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire is
not far from the truth in the remarks he has made;
and his peculiar modesty forbade his remarking
that some of the Senator's speeches have been
made for the same purpose as these resolutions to
which he has referred. The Senator from New
Hampshire has recently, I believe, had the honor
of presenting himself as the advocate of Free Soil-
ism in Vermont; and, sir, as he has just made the
tour of that State, it is not to be wondered at that
these resolutions should have come immediately
after him. But my object in rising is not to trifle
with the Senate. I have never approached this
subject with any other feeling than the feeling of
apprehension. Would to God the discussion might
be terminated to-day forever. But it cannot be.
The agitation and excitement in every part of the
country forbid us to be silent. And, sir, let me
remark on this occasion, that 1 was very much
gratified to find that the honorable Senator from
Virginia met this subject in so forbearing a man-
ner. To be sure, he intimated that the course of
Virginia was marked out—that his own State
would adhere to her determination. Well, sir, if
the determination of Virginia is merely to regulate
her own affairs and her own concerns, protect her
own rights and honor, she is right. Let her ad-
here to that determination. For one, I disclaim
altogether any pretensions to interfere with the
domestic arrangements of Virginia. I concede to
that State what I claim for my own. If she chooses
to sustain this institution, and my own State re-
jects it, we stand upon equal footing; and it is not
the business of any State of this Union to inter-
fere with our choice.
Sir, there has been a mistake upon this subject.
It has been intimated that the people of the North
desire to interfere with the domestic relations of
their sister States. There is no such disposition
pervading the mass of the people. I know we
have fanaticism and folly; but I do not know of a
Senator on this floor who could disclaim that there
were fanaticism and folly at home. My object in
rising now is—to use a trite ohrase—to define my
own position; and in defining it, I believe I shall
be defining that of a v,ast majority of our people.
We claim no authority, no right, to interfere in
the domestic arrangements of any State of this
Union. This should be distinctly understood by
our friends. Virginia and South Carolina may
maintain their own institutions. We claim no
right to interfere. So far, I trust, the declaration
is satisfactory. But, sir, the line of distinction,
the distinction which we make, is a very practical
one. Where Congress possesses the power of local
legislation, they must exercise that power in obe-
dience to their own judgment; and if with respect
to the Territories, they deem it wi3e to prohibit
the introduction of slavery, they have the power
to do so; and if the sense of Congress should be
in favor of the exercise of that power, that power
will be maintained. Well, what is our conclusion ?
We claim no right to interfere with the institutions
of the States; but we claim a right to regulate the
institutions of the Territories. Can that right be
denied ? If we deem it expedient to introduce the
ordinance of 1787, or the Wilmot proviso, who
will question our power? And if, in our judg-
ment, we deem it expedient to apply these re-
strictions, who shall say we have exceeded cur
powers? Are Senators prepared for that? Are
they prepared to say to us that any State, Virginia, •
South Carolina, or any other—however respecta-
ble she may be—shall dictate to Congress with
respect to the expediency of these measures?
Why, sir, such a pretension could not be attempt-
ed; it will not be attempted. If Virginia has
marked out her course, so far as that course is
consistent with the vindication of her own rights,
nobody will interfere with her. But if the course
marked out is, that Congress shall be compelled
by any system—I do not like to use harsh lan-
guage—but if Congress is to be driven to adapt ita
resolutions to the peculiar taste of any one portion
of this Union, it loses the respect of all. Now, sir,
I think that we should concede to each and all of
the States the right to regulate her and their own
internal affairs. We claim the right to legislate for
the Territories—and do we claim anything offen-
sive when we insist that the regulation of these
Territories shall rest upon the unbiassed judgment
of Congress?
Now, sir, I have heard a great deal about north-
ern fanaticism, but I have never supposed myself
connected with it. I have thought proper to ex-
plain my position, and I hope and trust that posi-
tion will not be misunderstood.
Mr. RUSK moved that the motion to print be
laid upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and ordered.
Mr. YULEE. J would ask the Senate to per-
mit me to correct a misapprehension which I find
is common in the Senate as to the position I have
taken, which I will do in two words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There will be no
objection.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to say that I have not
objected to the printing of these resolutions because
they refer to the subject of slavery. I am very far
from having proposed to introduce the subject for
discussion in this connection; and I avoided all re-
mark calculated to lead to such a discussion. I
object to the printing of these resolutions for the
simple reason that it is as an act of courtesy alone
that we are called upon to print them; and that the
State of Florida, speaking in part through my
humble vote, will not agree to concede to the
State of Vermont an act of courtesy when she
comes into the Senate with the language of ill-
breeding and insult. That, sir, is sufficient to
determine me in the course which I shall pursue.
It is perfectly immaterial to me whether these res-
olutions involve the question of slavery or not;
if they are couched in disrespectful language, that
at once decides my course. It is sufficient for the
Senator from Vermont that we have placed these
resolutions upon record, by giving them a place
upon the Journal. The printing for the use of the
Senate will be an extra courtesy which I am not
willing to grant.
Mr. BUTLER desired the Senator from Texas
