THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19, 1850.
New Series..
..No, 77.
upon such terms; in other words, their constituents
were willing to be thus degraded.
To this degradation of northern freemen he was
opposed. He saw neither justice nor propriety in
it. He, for one, would oppose it; his constituents
would oppose it. He felt himself as worthy of
moral and political influence as he would be, if a
hundred slaves bowed beneath his lash. Hiscon-
gtituerws treated such a proposition with contempt.
They will never consent to go into a union with
New Mexico, upon terms by which the owner of
a hundred slaves in the mines of that country shall
hold an influence equal to sixty of our intelligent
farmers and mechanics. Thev will never yield their
opposition to a proposition so dishonorable to free-
dom and to humauity.
Mr. G. withdrew the amendment.
Mr, EWfNG renewed it. He said the vote on
this amendment has now become a matter of vital
importance. So long as it was opposed by the main
body of the North solely on the ground of its
impracticability and abstract character, it produced
no serious anxiety m my mind; but, sir, when
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who
belongs to the Whig party, and boasts that he
does not belong to the Abolitionists, refuses to
answer whether he will ever vote for the admission
of a slave State, and says he is in favor of apply-
ing the principle of restriction of slavery over the
territories until their admission, so as to prevent
the possibility of slavery, the question assumes
a different aspect. The people of Tennessee, sir,
have been, and are now, in favor of the principles of
the compromise bill. They are now moving unani-
mously and harmoniously in its favor. They sought,
almost alone, to have its propriety recognized in
the Southern Convention. They are essentially for
harmony, conciliation, and union. I, sir, have
supported this measure on this floor; but it is time
now to understand the North, before we commit
ourselves irrevocably to this adjustment. We wish
not to misunderstand or be misunderstood; we do
not wish the concessions of that bill, like Dead
Sea fruit, " to turn to ashes on our lips."
The principle of non-intervention in the com-
promise bill means, that upon the application of
the territories for admission as States, they shall
be free to enter the Union either as free or slave
States, as they may determine. If this is not so,
and hereafter, when the compromise bill has
wrought its work in its other provisions, that we
are then to have a death struggle for our rights
under it, then, sir, all adjustment is useless and
worse than idle. We were warned the other day
that when Mexican territory was about to be ac-
quired, the South was duly notified that if ever
admitted as States into the Union, they must come
in as free. Now I want no more such notifica-
tions; or if made, we wish them placed upon the
record. If no more slave States can be received
into our Union, then the contest is over, the door
of conciliation is closed, and you drive us from
your doors, although we retire in the deepest
sorrow at the unfortunate result. I would fain
hope that this declaration will not be made, and in
that strong and earnest faith, call upon the North
to support this amendment and rescue us from
impending danger.
Mr. E. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS renewed the amendment.
He said: Mr. Chairman, my colleague does not
understand the run of this question. He speaks
as if the northern members were for the compro-
mise. The reverse is true; their conduct here
speaks trumpet-tongued against the Senate com-
promise. The friends of California wish to run it
through this House unconnected with the terri-
tories, and to defeat the compromise bill of the
Senate. That is the object. They are fighting
under a masked battery. They have ensconced
themselves behind the President of the United
States. They pretend to go for the President's
plan, but, in reality, they go for more—they go
beyond it. So soon as they accomplish their ob-
ject, and California is admitted into the Union, they
will be ready for a stampede, and will run over the
balance of the President's plan. This is the object
77
and design of the friends of California. A gentle-
man [iMr. Winthrop] the -other day stated, that
he had discovered from the first that the object
was to prolong this debate until the Senate could
act upon the compromise bill.
For one, sir, 1 declare my object to be, to stave
off (by all honorable means) action in this House
until the Roman-like effort now being made in the
Senate of the United States, to save this Republic,
to save this Union, shall have succeeded, or shall
have failed. The two great leaders of the two
great parties of the country are laboring, with an
ability and an ardor never surpassed in any age or
country, to accomplish a great and patriotic ob-
ject. I charge, that it is the wish and design of
an overwhelming majority of the northern friends
of California to defeat their noble efforts, by si-
lence, by action upon the part of this House. I
sail, sir, under an open banner; the northern
friends of California are moving under cover, and
are silently hoping to use the President's plan ben-
eficially, so far as the admission of California; thfn
repudiate and abandon the balance of the Presi-
dent's plan.
Why proceed with this debate? Why not take
upjhe appropriation bills? The fiscal year is about
to end, and the appropriation bills must be passed
by the first of July, or the public service will suffer.
We can lay the California bill aside, and take up
and pass the necessary appropriation bills. In the
mean time the Senate will have acted definitely upon
the compromise bill. If this is done, I, for one,
would be willing, if it was the best that could be
done, to see the majority of this House admit Cal-
ifornia.
Understanding as f do that it is the secret, if not
the avowed object of the friends of California, to
hasten action here, m order to defeat the compro-
mise biii of the Senate, I shall continue, as 1 have
done, openly, not secretly, to accomplish my object
and prevent your hasty action.
Will gentlemen of the North permit an abstrac-
tion, an idea, and assumed sympathy, to override
the appropriation bills and all other legislation? And
for what purpose? For the purpose of getting the
President's plan, when everybody knows that a
very large majority of the northern members are
willing and ready to run rough-shod over his entire
plan, except California. The amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] which,in my judgment, was a mere dec-
laration of opinion, and not practically applicable
to the bill, you voted it down—a mere sugar-plum,
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] called it;
yet you are afraid to vote even fora sugar-plum, if it
bears upon its face the remotest idea that you would
ever vote for the admission of another slave Slate
into thisUnion. You have raised the feelings of the
North to such a pitch, that you cower before it.
I make these remarks, sir, in order that the
country may understand, that while the friends of
the compromise bill from the^outh are for a manly
and straightforward course, the majority of the
friends of California in the North aie for disguis-
ing their object, which is, to defeat the compromise
bifi of the Senate, while they receive credit from
the country as the silent and working members.
Why, gentlemen, you have plenty of work to do
if you will do it, and you will not be opposed by the
refractory friends of the compromise bill. Take, up
the private calendar, or take up the appropriation
bills. (The rap came—five minutes out.) 1 with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. CASEY renewed it. I confess (said Mr.
C.) that I do not exactly understand what would
be the effect of the amendment that has been
offered by the gentleman from Alabama. And 1
ask leave to inquire of the gentleman, whether his
proposition is intended to apply to all the territories
acquired by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
or whether it is intended to apply merely to the
territories embraced in the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. INGE. The proposition is confined ex-
pressly to the territories embraced in the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri. It has no
reference to any other.
Mr. CASEY. I am in favor of the principle;
but if that is the intention and view with which
the amendment is offered, I am opposed to it.
Mr. INGE. I will say that the'principle is true
in its application to all the territories.
Mr. CASEY, If it is made to apply to all, I will
vote for the proposition; and I take occasion to say,
in my place, that if California had come here with a
recognition of slavery in her constitution, I should
have voted for her admission, if there were no
other objection. I said so the other day, in an-
swer to the gentleman from Kentucky; i said t iat
if New Mexico comes here recognizing slavery in
her constitution, I will vote for her admission. I
am not to be deterred from the assertion of a prin-
ciple, by an appeal to my constituents, anywhere.
I have avowed myself here, and at home, and
everywhere, against ultraism. I do not go with
gentlemen of the South in their ultraism, nor do I
go with gentlemen of the North in their ultraism.
No, sir:
" The hand of Douglass i-* his own,
And never shall in friendly eia.-p
Tile liand of such as Aiurimon grasp."
I am in favor of the President's plan, which the
gentleman from Tennessee has alluded to. I tell
him, sir, that I am not afraid to assert Ihe princi-
ple embraced in that plan. I am not afraid to as-
sert it here, or anywhere; not as applied to Cali-
fornia, because I am opposed to the dismembering
of California. I am in favor of. her admission
as she stands, with her constitution as it is, and
her boundary as it has been fixed by her; 1 am
in favor of her admission without amendment to
her constitution, and without restriction or limit to
her boundary, other than that embraced m hercon-
stitution. But I say the principle itself I am in
favor of; and I take occasion to say now, that it is
the principle of the President's plan. If you
leave it to the people, if you refer the question to
the people of the territories for their aibitrament
and decision, you must abide by thatdecision.
Mr. INGE, (the floor being temporarily yelded)
said he understood the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to explain the President's plan as being in
opposition to the proposition which he had sub-
mitted.
Mr. CASEY, (resuming.) No, sir, I say that
the principle embraced in the proposition of the
gentleman, though not as applied to California, is
the correct doctrine; it is the substratum, the
foundation upon which our government is based,
and upon which all free governments rest for tneir
support. I say, if you refer the settlement of
questions of principle which are to govern a cer-
tain people to those people, you are bound by
their decision—you cannot go beyond it. -You
might as well refer to a judicial tribunal the set-
tlement of a dispute, and suppose that you are
bound by the decision if it be in your favor, and
are at liberty to reject it if it is against you.
f withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed the amendment, and
said he had iieard with great pleasure the remarks
which had fallen from the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Casey,] as well as those from his
colleague, [Mr. Butler,] and that he was happy
to find that two at least of the sons of that noble
and gallant State, which lay immediaiely adjoining
the State which he had the honor to represent,
were prepared to sustain him in the position which
he occupied in regard to the question then before
the committee. He was one of those who had
cheerfully voted for the amendment of the honora-
ble member from Kentucky two day3 since, not
with a view to embarrass the bill then under con-
sideration for the admission of California, lor such
would not be its effect, but because it contained a
great and cardinal republican principle, which lies
at the foundation of our whole system of Govern-
ment, and because it contained an abstract propo-
sition, the truth and justice of which is so obvious
in itself, and so vitally essential to the harmony
and stability of the Union at all times, that he
could not let any opporiunity, and least of all the
present, pass without fully and emphatically affirm-
ing it, so far as he could do so by his vote. He
