1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
to withdraw the motion to lay on the table for a
moment.
Mr. RUSK signified his readiness so to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can-
not withdraw the motion, the yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered.
. Mr. BUTLER expressed the hope that he might
be allowed to make an explanation.
Mr. HALE also desired to occupy the attention
of the Senate for a moment only.
Mr. RUSK. My only object in making the
motion was to stop all debate on the subject.
Mr. HALE. If you will not extend to me that
courtesy that was extended to the Senator on the
other side, 1 will sit down.
Mr. RUSK. It will be for no practical pur-
pose, in my opinion. My only object was to stop
all debate.
Mr. BUTLER Certainly, I •must be allowed
to reconcile my vote with what I have said. I
shall vote to lay this motion upon the table, so as
to take it up to-morrow, and not to defeat its pas-
sage. I am not to be caught in this kind of trap
—to be forced into a contradiction. '
The yeas and nays being then called, there
were 11 yeas, 46 nays, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Berrien, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawson, Downs, Houston, Rusk, Soul6, Stewart, Tumey,
and Yuiee—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ben-
ton, Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Chase, Clarke,
Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Dodpe of Wi-cmisiti,
Douglas, Fetch, Foote, Grpene, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter,
Jones, Manguin, Mason, Miller, Morton, Norn*, Pearce
Phelps, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Spruance
Smraeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Whit
comb—46.,
So the motion to lay upon the table was decided
in the negative.
Mr. HALE. I will now say what I attempted
to say a few moments since; but will first state
that 1 am glad that the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Phelps] admits that I am correct so far as
he understands the matter, in my views with re-
gard to the getting up of these resolutions. I wish
that some one who has an equal right to speak for
the other gieat party—-the South—would be as
candid, and state whether or not I have as truly
repressnted the state of the case in their party.
But, sir, if I was understood to say, or to inti-
mate from what I said, that I believed that there
was not a great and growing sentiment of dissatis-
faction at the North at the overshadowing influ-
ence which the institution of southern slavery has
had, and does have, and threatens still to have,
upon the legislation of this country, I was under-
stood to intimate a thing which I do not believe;
because, sir, there is such a sentiment, and it is
useless to deny if. There is, sir, in the northern
States, so far as 1 know anything of it, a very
great feeling upon this subject; but it is a feeling
which will manifest itself within the limits of the
Constitution. And, sir, they will hold, so far as
they can and so far as they may, to a ligid ac-
countability, all those representatives, either in this
House or the other, coming from the free States,
who undertake to sacrifice upon this floor, or upon
the floor of the other House, the moral sentiments
of the people of the free States upon this great sub-
ject of slavery. That feeling, sir, it is not neces-
sary for me to say, is exceedingly misunderstood
and misrepresented. But when the hour of action
amves—when the exigency of the case demands
it_it will be found that there is in the feelings of ,
the people a deep-rooted sentiment upon the sub-
ject, that will hold to a most rigid accountability
any northern man that falters in the enunciation of
that feeling, or in its sustentation upon the floor
of Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise simply to explain my
vote upon the motion to lay upon the table the
motion to print these resolutions. 1 did it solely
in courtesy to the Senator who has the floor upon
the question left unfinished yesterday. It has been
usual, when the hour of adjournment arrives, for
the Senator who may have obtained the floor, to
yield to the motion to adjourn, under the assurance
that he shall have the floor upon the following
day; and 1 know that it is always unpleasant for
a Senator who has thus obtained the floor, and ex-
pects to address the Senate, to have the debate
procrastinated. I shall therefore oppose further
debate upon this, until that other matter has been
disposed of. ,
Mr. President, I intended not to say a word
upon this subject; but as 1 am up, I feel it due to
myself and to the occasion to express my simple
sentiment upon this matter. 1 have long labored
faithfully—faithfully—to repress the encroachment
of the North. At the commencement! saw where
it would end and must end; and I despair of ever
seeing it arrested in Congress. It will go to its
end; for gentlemen have already yielded to the
current of the North, which they admit here that
they cannot resist. Sir, what the South will do is
not for me to say. They will meet it, in my opin-
ion, as it ought to be met.
Mr. BORLAND. I have not heretofore, sir,
said one word upon this exciting subject; nor is
it my purpose to enter into a discussion of it at
this time. But, sir, as I shall be called upon to
give my vote upon the printing of these resolutions,
I desire to say a very few words in explanation
thereof. I shall vote against the printing of the
resolutions, sir, because the language of the reso-
lutions is opprobrious and insulting to a large por-
tion of the States of this Union, and to the State
which I in part represent. With the Senatorfrom
Florida, sir, I believe that I am bound to withhold
anything like courtesy—for courtesy alogeit would
be for the resolutions to be printed—I am bound
to withhold anything like courtesy in return for
opprobrium and insult. I do not choose, sir, to
recriminate—to throw back their opprobrium in
like terms; for none could meet such terms as have
been thrown by the Legislature of Vermont upon
the institution of the State in which I reside. Yet,
sir, I feel justified in withholding from them any-
thing like courtesy, though I may not choose to
meet their opprobrium lft the same spit it and the
same language which has bean held by the Legisla-
ture of Vermont.
The language of these resolutions is at least op-
probrious in its terms. It declares the people that
1 represent in part to be criminals—not laboring
under error, not so unfortunate as to be mistaken,
but actual criminals, and, as the Senator from
Vermont assumes, " criminals in the eyes of the
civilized world." Yes, sir, reading us not merely
out of the Union—for it amounts to that, if it
means anything—but reading us out of the pale of
civilization; declaring us to be so criminal that we
are not fit associates for civilized men. Not only
have we committed crime, sir, but we are standing
here as the representatives of a community which
recognizes this institution, and thinks it to be a
proper one, while it is pronounced by these reso-
lutions to be "a sore evil upon the body-politic"
—a plague-spot, sir, which not only makes us
criminals, but which cuts us off from, and throws
us beyond, the pale of civilization.
I shall vote against the printing of the resolu-
tions for another reason. The second resolution
is in these words:
Resolved, That the so-called " compiomises of the Con-
stitution" restrained the Federal Government from inter-
ference with slavery only in the states in which it then ex-
isted, and from interference with the slave tiade only for a
limited time, which has long since expired; and that the
powers conferred upon Congress by the Constitution to sup-
press the slave trade, to regulate commerce between the
States, to govern the Territories, and to admit new States—
powers conferred with an express intention " to form a
more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defence, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the hlessmgs of liberty to ourselves
and our posteiity"—may all rightfully be used so as to pre-
vent the extension ot slavery into territory now tree, and
to abolish slavery and the slvave trade wherever either ex-
ists under the jurisdiction of Congress.
Mark this expression, sir: " the so-called com-
promises of the Constitution." Mark the expres-
sion, sir! not "the compromises of the Constitu-
tion," of which the South has been saying so
much, but the " so-culled compromises of the Con-
stitution"—a denial that any compromises exist.
They assert that the " so-called compromises of
the Constitution" restrained the Federal Govern-
ment from interference with slavery only in the
States in which it then existed, and from interfer-
ence with the slave trade only for a limited time,
which has long since expired, and that its powers
may all be rightfully used so as to prevent the ex-
tension of slavery into territory now free, and to
abolish slavery and the slave trade wherever either
exists under the jurisdiction of Congress.
It amounts, then, to this, sir: that these resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Vermont claim that the
Federal Government of this Union has the power,
and is in duty bound, not only to prohibit the in-
troduction of slavery into the Territories, and to
abolish it in the District of Columbia, but to abol-
ish it also in every one of the new States—in every
State which was not one of the original thirteen,
and which did not come into the Union at the
adoption of the Constitution. ' :
Is it possible, then, sir, that I could be expected
to vote for the reception of these resolutions?—res-
olutions which not only cast opprobrium and in-
sult upon me and my constituents, but which actu-
ally go so far as to say that we are holding our
property in violation of the spirit and letter of-tha
Constitution.
1 cannot vote in favor of such resolutions. We
are told by the Senator from Vermont that he has
been in favor of conciliation; that he has been in
favor of avoiding and withholding everything from
this body that could add to the irritation which ex-
ists in the public mind on this subject; and yet he
comes forward and introduces a series of resolu-
tions, asking that they be received and respectfully
treated by this Senate, by the representatives of
one half of the States of this Union, which could
not be made more insulting to them, and which
are couched in terms claiming far more than has
ever been claimed before. Conciliation, indeed !
Commend me to such conciliation as this ! Con-
ciliation in words, but insult, and indignity, and
opprobrium, in fact. Conciliation ! when we are
told that we are not entitled to the protection of
the Constitution in the possession of our property!
It may seem strange to him, sir, that persons from
the southern States become excited upon this sub-
ject whenever it is mentioned; but it seems still
stranger to me that any one can refrain from ex-
citement of feeling when thus assailed and in-
sulted.
Mr. DAVIS,ofMississippi,(interposing.) Witt
the Senator allow me to make a motion to 
Mr. BORLAND. I have but a word more to
say. I do not wish to be considered as unexcited
on this subject; and I should despise myself if I
could stand here calm and unmoved under such
circumstances. I lay no claim to that philosophy
which makes men quiet and calm on a subject
which not only affects their interests, but their
honor. I do not choose on this or any other occa-
, sion to argue this question with the Senators on
I the other side of the House. I do not stand here to
argue it. Argument has been exhausted. I can-
not argue—Senators must excuse me for the harsh-
ness of the expression—I cannot argue with the
robber, whe meets me upon the highway and de-
mands my purse; I cannot"consent to argue with
the assassin, who seeks to stab me in the dark; I
cannot argue with the midnight incendiary, who
stands ready to appiy the torch to my dwelling, and
to consume my wife and children. Under these
circumstances, I am excited; and I do not desire to
be otherwise. I should despise myself, and I hope
that my constituents would despise me, and would
bar the State against me on my return, if, under
such circumstances and the similar ones by which
we are surrounded, I did not become excited.
But I desire to say no more. I have said what
I have said in order to explain the reasons of my
vote, and for my differing in that vote on this occa-
sion from those distinguished gentlemen from the
South with whom it is generally my pride to con-
cur.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, 1 do not propose
upon this question to go extensively into the dis-
cussion upon this subject; but 
Mr. FOOTE. As the gentleman seems to be
anxious to debate the subject, I would suggest that
it lie on the table for the present, that we may
take up the order of the day. . .
Mr. CHASE. I have no objection to its going
over till to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio make that motion ?
Mr. CHASE. I will move, then, that this sub-
ject be passed over informally.
No objection being made, the subject was then
passed over.
ROUTE TO SANTA FE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, made in com.
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, accompa-
nied by a report and map of the route from Fort
Smith, Arkansas, to Santa Fe, in New Mexico,
made by Lieutenant J. H. Simpson, of the corps
of topographical engineers, in 1849; which was
read and ordered to be printed.
