1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
had cheerfully voted for that amendment, and he
should cordially support the one now offered by
the- honorable gentleman from Alabama, for the
same reason, because it contained the same sub-
stantial principle, on which he was willing to risk
notonly his political existence, but if necessary, his
life, and even this Union itself. For it is manifest
that when the issue, which had been made here
to-day and day before yesterday is again presented
in a tangible and practical form to the people of
this country on the broad ground which has been
assumed by some who have participated in this
debate, it will at once resolve itself,into a question
of disunion—of open and undisguised dissolution—
and nothing can prevent it. And when that day ar-
rives, and that fatal and disastrous issue is again dis-
tinctly made and presented to the people, that no
State is hereafter to be admitted into this Union,
under any circumstances whatever, without a pro-
hibition of slavery in her constitution, disunion,
he repeated it, must and would be its inevitable
result; and when disunion followed on such an
issue as that, he would here take occasion to say
to gentlemen from all sections of the country, that
not yon blue stream which now winds its tranquil
course beneath his eye, would mark the line of
separation, but on the bold banks of another and a
broader river, where the longest and the loudest
of the roars of the Revolution were heard, and
the hardest of its thunder-shocks had been felt,
would that line be drawn. For firm and uncom-
promising would be the stand which every slave-
holding State in the Union, and Delaware with the
rest, would then be constrained to assume and
maintain, at all hazards, against such as would
dictate dishonorable and unequal terms to at least
one-h_alf of the sovereign States of this Union.
He did not wish, however, to be misunderstood, in
the tenor of his remarks on this subject. He
was in favor of the admission of California, with
her present limits and her present constitution,
and should vote for the bill now before the com-
• mittee for that purpose, at the earliest moment he
should have an opportunity of doing so; and in
doing so he should consider that he was acting in
strict and faithful accordance with the views com-
municated by the Executive on this subject. He
approved of what is termed the "President's
plan," and understood it precisely as it had been
defined by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
President leaves it to the people of the territories
when they prepare, by adopting constitutions, for
admission into the Union as States, to settle this
question of slavery for themselves, either by ex-
cluding or establishing it as to them may seem
proper: and so help him Heaven, if there was any
man there or elsewhere who intended to deny this
sovereign and republican right inherent in the peo-
ple of every State, he was against him, and if
needs be, against him to the death; and when
that issue comes, if come it must, he for one should
be prepared to meet it, as becomes a firm and
consistent friend of the Constitution, and the clear
and equal rights of the people of all the States. He
should vote for the amendment submitted by the
honorable member from Alabama, because, as he
had before said, it contained a solemn principle,
although an abstract one, if you please, so far as
the present bill was concerned, which he most cor-
dially approved, and which was involved, he be-
lieved, in every scheme which had yet been sug-
gested in either branch of Congress for the settle-
ment of the bitter and acrimonious controversy
which had grown out of the acquisition of these ill-
fated territories. He was m favor of the immedi-
ate admission of California into the Union, because
he thought the people of that State had suffered
long enough, and far more than any other people,
from our dissensions and distractions on this sub-
ject, and from our utter failure thus far to provide
any government for them; and because he believed
that the convention which had framed the consti-
tution which had been sent here, had voluntarily
excluded slavery from the State, in accordance
with the almost unanimous wish of the people
whom they represented, and in the exercise of an
undoubted right for which they were responsible
to no power and no authority beyond their own
limits; and no consistent statesman, north or
south, east or west, in his opinion, could or would
object to her immediate admission on that ground
alone. On the contrary, if the people of New
Mexico, or any other territory m the United
States, should prefer the existence of the institu-
tion among: them, and on the formationof a State
constitution preparatory to their admission into
the Union, shouid voluntarily adopt and establish
it, and there should be no better ground of objec-
tion to its admission, he, for one, should feel it to
be his duty to do everything in his power to se-
cure its admission. No State has ever yet been
excluded from admission on any such offensive,
insufficient, and unconstitutional ground as this;
and, if in a fatal hour, one ever should be excluded
on such aground, it required no prophetic foresight
to perceive, that it will be the last of admissions,
and the last of exclusions, from the glorious com-
pact which now binds together, in bonds of equal
dignity and equal rights, these free and confeder-
ated States. These were the sentiments which he
had long entertained on this subject, and they were
the sentiments by which his course and his votes
would be governed on this occasion; and those
who might differ with him, would find him stead-
ily and inflexibly adhering to the principles which
he had here avowed; and that he would not depart
from ihem in any of the stages of the bill then be-
fore the committee. He felt it due to himself to
say, that he did not sympathize with either of the
extreme sections of the Union in the acute and
nervous sensibility which they sometimes exhib-
ited on this subject of slaveiy. Perhaps it was
natural m his position that he should be, in a con-
siderable degree, exempt from extreme agitation
either way. That he did not entertain such opin-
ions as both gentlemen from the South and the
North had frequently expressed here; but &o far
as the present quesiion was concerned, he looked
apon it as a question solely for the people of the
respective territories to settle for themselves, when
they come forward and apply for admission into
the Union; and settle it which way they might,
for or against slavery, he held that no one here
or elsewhere, had any legal or constitutional right
to call in question their decision.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, renewed the
amendment. He was somewhat puzzled, he said,
to know how to vote upon this question. At
first he had not much doubt about it, but since
two of his distinguished colleagues had gone, and
since he found that the gentleman from Delaware
was going with the South, he was quite frightened,
for he did not know what would be the conse-
quence, if disunion should take place and they
should be against us. He hoped the gentlemen
would retract, and let us act fairly and leave at
least doubtful questions where the gentleman from
Delaware was for leaving them, with the people
themselves. But, seriously, he could not support
this amendment, and he did not want to hold out
the idea to the South, for he desired todeal frankly
even if offensivelywith them. He was not willing
to hold out the idea to the South that he believed
that any considerable portion of the North were
in favor of the principle of this amendment, for he
did not believe it was the case. And he believed
they would find, however much they might be in-
clined to lay the flattering unction to their bouls now,
what had been demonstrated to-day by the gentle-
man from New Jersey and others to be true, that
when the occasion comes, although as the gentle-
man had well said, they would not be here them-
selves, they would find successors who held no
such principles. He believed it was the settled
purpose of a vast ma jority of the North that no
new slave States shouid be admitted into the Union
out of territory that was now free. Let gentle-
men make this the test of their policy; let it go to
the country that this was a test quesiion—though
he did not believe it was—and he would ask no
better test, he would aok no better platform to
stand upon. But there was another kind of prin-
ciple which he thought ought to govern them, and
it was this: when the Constitution was formed,
the slave States then in theUnion were allowed to
have their slave property represented, five slaves
counting: equal to thiee fieemen. it was said then
to be evidently unjust, unless other kinds of prop-
erty were permuted also to be represented; but
there was nothing in the Constitution which re-
quired that this privilege should be extended to
new Statts, yet it appeared that some of the Repre-
sentatives of the free States were leady and willing
now to admit new slave States, and to extend to
them this principle, although the Constitution did
not require it. They were willing that in all the-
hew States one man and five slaves should have
as many votes as four of their free constituents.
He understood his respected colleague from Lu-
zerne and his respected colleague from Union
county, as being willing to give to five slaves and
their master, in the new States, as many votes as
four of their white constituents were entitled to.
Let this fact go to their constituents.
Mr. WILLIAMS made a remark which did not
reach the ear of the reporter.
Mr. STEVENS said he did not intend to mis-
represent his colleague. He repeated, that such
would be the effect of admitting new States in
which the institution of slavery prevailed. Every
new State where slavery existed would be entitled
to a repiesentation in the Federal Congress, based
upon slave representation in the pioportion of five
slaves for three freemen; and the people of the
old Connecticut Reserve, and the honest yeomanry
of the Union, were to be balanced against a slave
representation in that way. He, for one, could
never agree to any such doctri le. The Constitu-
tion did not require it; and by the Constitution he
would abide.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON renewed the amendment. He
said that Congress had now been in session more
than six months, the ordinary length of a long ses-
sion, yet it had done absolutely nothing in the way
of the transaction of the important public business
which ought to receive its attention. Both Houses
have, with slight exception, been exclusively en-
gaged in debating questions connected with the ad-
mission of California, the territories, and slavery.
In this House, we have had the President's Califor-
nia message before us for over four months, and over
a month ago we voted to stop the debate on Tues-
day last, so as to cease talking and commence act-
ing. In all this time, I have forborne to say one
word upon any of these subjects, as I preferred to
show my faith by my acts rather than by profes-
sions. I have been ready and anxious to vote,,
but not to speak, and no one who has either heard
or read the speeches that have been made can fail
to conclude, that however able, and eloquent, and
patriotic many of them have been, taken as a
whole, they have done infinitely more barm than
good, by tending, as they have, to excite and in-
flame the public mind, but for which the country
would be tranquil and happy. Believing this, I
say, 1 have foregone any disposition I have had to
mingle in these discussions, even at the risk o-f
being misrepresented and assailed, as I have been
at home. It is the conclusion, I find, of many
persons, that a member of Congress must needs
speak upon every subject that comes up, or be set
down as of no account whatever; yet if he does
do so, he subjects himself to the just censure of the
same class of men for thus delaying the public
business.
I have been ready and anxious to vote for the
separate admission of California from the first
moment she presented us her constitution. I am
no less willing and desirous of giving proper gov-
ernments to New Mexico and Utah—in short, of
action upon all these questions, each by itself.
Action, not talking, is what the people demand of
us, and almost any kind of action is better than
the miserable no-action policy recommended to us
by the President.
But, my one object I had in rising at this time
is, to call the attention of the people to the spec-
tacle we are now exhibiting. We resolved, over
a month ago, that we would stop this debate last
Tuesday. It was thought five months and more
was quite time enough to debate one subject.
Under our rules, however, after the regular debate
ceases, a member can move an amendment, and is
allowed five minutes to explain it. Availing them-
selves of this, we find that one amendment is
moved, the member moving making a speech
thereon, withdraws it, and his friend who next
£ets the floor renews it, and so on to the end.
Thus, instead of closing debate, it appears we
have renewed it in another form, likely to prove
far more acrimonious and unprofitable than under
the hour rale. Now, that those who oppose the
admission of California should seek to mgiaft
amendments upon the bill, and othei wise embar-
rass its passage, is natural, and perhaps not un-
fair or impioper. But, that those who claim to
be leaders, exclusive friends of California, should,
as has been the case, contribute also by their
motions and speeches to delay action on this
subject, is past my comprehension. For be it
