124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB-
Jan. 9,
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. BUTLER gava.no tice of his intention to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, to ask leave
to introduce a bill to regulate the fees and coats to
be allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
circuit and district court3, of the United State?,
arid for other purposes.
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. CHASE said that he hatd given his assent
to the proposition to pass over the subject which
had been under discussion, with a view to resum-
ing the consideration'of the special order, and then
moved that the special order be taken up; which
motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the business
before the Senate to be the following resolution,
submitted by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass:]
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of suspending
diplomatic relations with Austria.
The question being stated upon the amendment
submitted thereto by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hal®,] inserting the words " Russia
and"—
Mr. HALE. I understood the Chair as de-
ciding the other day, that any matter of business
once made the order of the day, remained so until
it was exhausted. I suppose, therefore, that this,
being the second in order, will have to be taken
up by vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT was understood to
say, that, under a rule of the Senate, this unfin-
ished special order had the preference. The l§th
rule of the Senate was as follows:
" The unfinished business in which the Senate was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment, shall have the
preference in the special orders of the day."
Mr. FOOTE arose and addressed the Senate at
length, in review of and in repiy to the remarks
submitted upon the resolution yesterday by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.]
[The speech of the honorable Senator is deferred,
in order to give opportunity for revision. It will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. F. having concluded his remarks,
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 9, 3850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether there was not a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States on the Speaker's table,
which had been there for two or three days.
The SPEAKER said there was such a message.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked that, by unanimous
consent, the message might be laid before the
House, that he might move that it be laid on the
table and be printed. It might be a matter of con-
siderable interest to some gentlemen of the House,
and he had no doubt that every member would
like to know what it was.
The SPEAKER put the question, that the gen- ;
tleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] asked the j
unanimous consent of the House that the message I
of the President of the United States might be laid I
before the House, with a view to its being laid on j
the table and printed.
Objections were made on both sides of the
House.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER then announced that the first
business in order was the election of officers of the
House, and first, of a Clerk.
WITHDRAWAL OF MR. 'CAMPBELL.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose and said that, before the
House again commenced voting, he desired to
withdraw the name of Thomas Jefferson Camp-
bell as candidate for the Clerkship.
So the name of Mr. Campbell was withdrawn.
THE MESSAGE.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he understood that the
gentleman who had objected to the message being ,
laid before the House, had done so merely because i
it would probably be read. He supposed that no
gentleman wished to hear it read.
The SPEAKER. Objections have been made
on both sides. It is usual for messages from the
President of the United States to he read.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The House then again proceeded to vote for the
election of a Clerk.
The tellers, Messrs. Thompson of Pennsylva-
nia, Crowjsll of Ohio, White of New York, and
Haralson of Georgia, resumed their seats at the
Clerk's table, as tellers to count the vote.
The roll was then called.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, when his name was
called, rose and said, that some ten days ago by an
arrangement with the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Kerr,] not now in his seat, they had agreed
to pair off, that they might be absent for a short
time. It was the opinion of the gentleman that
he would have returned on Saturday last. It was
mutually agreed between them, that if either of
them was unable to return, the other should not
vote until this morning. He (Mr. H.) was there-
fore released from the obligation he had made with
that gentleman; and should vote for Mr. Forney.
It was proper he should add, that the agreement
was made for the mutual benefit and convenience
of both parties, and not for the benefit or conve-
nience of the gentleman from Maryland alone. j
The tellers reported that 219 votes had been ;
given; necessary to a choice 110; of which— !
Mr. John W. Forney received   106 ;
Mr. Solomon Foot   104
Mr. C. W. Phileo  4
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke  3
Mr. Benjamin B. French  1
Mr. S. L. Gouverneur    1
Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hampton, Haralson, I. G.
Harris, S. W. Harris, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, HU-
hard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Daniel
P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Lefiier, Levin, H. Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Mat-
teson, McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, McKissock, F.
E. McLean, McMullen, Meacham, Moore,Morehead, Morse,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Otis, Outlaw,
Owen, Parker, Peasiee, Peck, Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, F.
P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Tay-
lor, Thomas, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Under-
hill, Vinton, Waldo, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilmot,
Wilson, and Winthrop—125.
So a call of the House was refused. .
The roll was then again called for the twelfth
time. The tellers reported that 220 votes had been
given; necessary to a choice 111; of which
Mr. Forney received 105
Mr. Foot 103
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke   5
Mr. Phileo    4
Mr. French    3
220
219
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Avetelt, i
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bis&ell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bow- j
lin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, I
Joseph Cable, George A.Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland,How- ;
ell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Darnel Dim- '
mick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing, Feaih- i
ersion, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, ;
Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, i
Harman^on, Holmes, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Hams, |
Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,Hoagland, Holladay, Hubbard, j
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson; Junes, Kaut-
man, La Sere, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, i
McClernand, McDonald, McDowoll, MeLanahan, Robert
M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Mil-
ler, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peasiee, Peck, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Richard&on, Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seddon, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stet-
son, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and
Young.
For Solomon Foci—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. But- ,
ler, E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, i
Chngman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin. Crowell, Dickey, :
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, A. Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, !
Freedley, Gentry, Gidding-«, Goodenow~ Gott, Gould, Grin- '
nell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, ;
Houston, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel [
P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, j
Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKis- !
sock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Mor- ;
ton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phce- !
nix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ribley, Rock- i
well, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermer- I
horn, Schooleratt, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprague, |
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephen?, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, |
John B. Thompson, Thnrrnan, Toombs, Tuck, Undeihill, i
Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Wmthrop, j
For Mr. St, Clair Clarke—Messrs. Debeiry, J. P. Cald- [
well, and Levin. (
For Mr. C. W. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian. P. King, i
and Wilmot.
For Mr. B. B. French—Mr. Bingham.
For Mr. S. L. Gouverneur—Mr. Hilliatd. ,
No choice.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that there be a call ]
of the House, and asked the yeas and nays on I
that motion; which were ordered, and being taken, |
were—yeas 67, nays 125, as follow: if
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Ba>ly, I
Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Buel, J. Cable, Cartter, Cleveland, ij
Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Dory, Dunham, Durkee, ' I
Fitch, Fuller, Gilmore, Gorman,Green, Hacketr, Hamilton, I1
Hammond, Harlan, Harmanson, T. L. Harris, Hibbaid,
lloagland, ilolladay, Holmes, Hubbard, Inge, Kaufman, P. ,!
King, La S£re, Littlefield, McClernand, MeLanahan. R. M, i!
McLane, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Slorris,
Potter, Powell, Richardson. Robbing, Robinson, Kos-, Sf>d- ij
don, Thad. Stevens, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, 'i
William Thompson, Venable, Waldpn, Wallace, Wellborn, j[
Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and Young—6"/. H
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Amlr<w;,
Asnmun, Baker, Bealo, Bennett, Bokee, Bowdon, Bowie, i!
Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, .!
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, i
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin. Campbell, i
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, CJingmao, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole,
Conger, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, ij
Edmundson, A. Evans, N. Evans, Ewing, Fealherstor,, !|
Fouler, Freedley,Gentry,Gerry,Guiding*-,Goodenow,Gou, :j
The following is the vote in detail:
For John W. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph
Cable, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Howell Cobb,
W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Di&nev, Doty,
Dunham, Edmundson, Evving, Featherston, Fitch," Fuller,
Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson, Isham G.Harris,
Sampson W. H&rris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland,
Holladay, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfcre, Leffler, Littlefield, Job
Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, MeLan-
ahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie,
Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peasiee,
Peek, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbing, Robin-
son, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Richard H. Stanton,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward,
and Young.
For Solomon Foot—Messr*. Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Clingman, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Ciowell, Dickey, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan, Alex. Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Gentry, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mann, Marshall, Maitesou, McGaughey, McKissock, Finis
E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phcenix, Pitman, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Ro?e, Rum&ey,
Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins,
White, Wilson, and Winthrop, *
For M. St, Clair Clarke—Messrs. Joseph P. Caldwell, De-
berry, Hilliard, Holmes, and Levin.
• For Calvin W. Phileo—Messis. Durkee, Julian, Preston
King, and Wilmot.
For Benjamin B. French— Messrs. Bingham, Booth, and
Root.
Mr. WILLIAMS, before the annunciation of
the last, vote, rose and stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, who had
business before the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The roll was then called the thirteenth time.
The tellers reported that 220 votes had been given
in; necessary to a choice 111; of which
Mr. Forney received...... 104
Mr. Foot 103
Mr. Campbell..    13
Mr. M. St. Clair Clarke   5
Mr. Phileo     4
220
The following is the vote in detail :
For Mr. Fotney—Mes-sis. Albertson, Afhc, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bis.se!!, Bwcock, Bowdon, f3owlln, Boyd, A.
G. Brown, W. J. Brown, Bug), Burt, J. Cable. G. A. Cald-
well, Cartter, Cleveland, W. R.VV. Cobb, Howell Cobb, Col-
cock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Doiy, Dunham, Edmund-
son, Ewing, Featheifton, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore,
Gorman, Green, Hackett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Har-
alson, Harrnanson, I. G. Hams. S. W. Harris, T. L. Harris,
Hibbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, A.
Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jone-*, Kaufman, La Sfere, Lefiier,
Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, MeLanahan, R.M. McLane, McMullen,McQueen,
McWillie, Meade, Miller, Mom?, Morse, Olds,Orr, Parker,
Peasiee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Riehardfcon,Robbins,
Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddoji, R. H. Stanton,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Walden,
Waldo. Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward,
and Young.
For Mr. Foot—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, An-
