126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
R. M. McLane, McMullen, Mo&iieen, McWillie, Meade,
Miller, Morris, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, Stet-
son, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and
Young.
For Sihrnon Foot—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cole, Conger, Conrad, Cofwm, Crowe)!, Dtckey, Dixon,
•Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Hallo-
war, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel .P. King,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace
Mami, Marshall, Mattesnn, McCaughey, McKissock, Finis
E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Phcemx, Pitman, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Scheimerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, UnJeihill,
Vinton, Watkins, White, Wilson, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Clarke—Messrs. E. C. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell,
Deberry, Milliard, Holmes, A. H. Stephens, and Toombs.
For Mr. French.—Messrs. Bingham, Booth, Harlan, and
Rftot.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, Julian, Preston, King,
and Wilmot.
For Mr. Prindle—Mr. Giddings.
No choice.
And then, on motion of Mr. STRONG,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. THOMAS : The petition ofDaniel Malyunbaugher,
who served under Commodore Perry, on Lake Erie, for a
pension. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Abo, the petition of William Baker, of Giles county, Ten-
nessee, for compensation for carrying the United States mail.
Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Alsoj the memorial of Henry D. Johnson, praying compen-
sation for services on sundry naval courts martial. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
ByMr. HUNTER: The petition for a mail route from
Zanesville, in Muskingum county, to Woodfield, in Monroe
c )uuty, Ohio. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Joseph Cross, for a pension. Referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Ateo, the petition of Jeremiah Hess, for a pension. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of the State of Ohio
in relation to postage. Referred to the Committee of the
Post Office and Post Rcmds.
By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of Simon Brown and other
citizens ofUhautauque county, New York, praying Congress
to grant an appropriation for the improvement dif the harbor
at the mouth of Cattaraugus Creek. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of Jeremiah Still well, of
Elkhart county, Indiana, for a pension and land bounty for
services under General Wayne in 1795. Referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of William Baker and
18 other citizens of Rush county, Indiana, against the " es-
tablishment of religion by the Government in the employ-
ment of Chaplains either for Congress or id the army and
navy." The petitioners say: " If the members of Congress
are disposed to pray, or if they are inclined to hire men to
pray for them, on their own responsibility, and at their own
individual expense, we claim no right to object; but when
they officially, and in our name, and by the appropriation of
our funds, make legal provision for the support of an army
of chaplains, we are involved in the responsibility, and there-
by aggrieved '' Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ByMr. MEADE: The petitions of the heirs of Edward
Durant, John Bell's administrator, Covington Simpkin'sad-
ministrator, and John M. Burt's administrator, asking in-
demnity for spoliations committed by the French previous to
1802; which were referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Anna Giffin, the widow
of a revolutionary soldier, praying Congress to grant her a
pension under the act of Congress of JuFy 4,1836.
Also, the petition of Alanson Pool, of the town of Murray,
New York, praying for a pension on account of disabilities
incurred in the service of the United States in the late war
wifh Great Britain ; also, for back pay and bounty land.
AKo, the petition of Samuel Gilman, of Perry, New York,
praying Congress to grant him a pension, or extend the pro-
visions of the act of Congress of June 7,1832, to the officers
and soldier* who served in the war aaainst the Indians pre-
vious to the treaty of Greenville in 1795.
Also, the petition of Mason G. Smith and 335 others, in-
habitants of the bounties of Wyoming and Livingston, New
York, praying Congress to pass a law placing the officers
and soldiers who served in the Indian wars previous to the
peace of 1795, on the pen-ion roll with those, who served in
the revolutionary war, and also m support of the petition of
Samuel Gilman.
Ali which petitions were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of Charles Stuart. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. OWEN : The petition of E. J. Costa, and 62
others, praying for the establishment of a post route. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DOTY: A petition of 21 sea-faring men and
others, for an appropriation for the improvement of the Har-
bor of Sheboygan. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition of the owners, masters, &c., of steam-
boats, propellers, and other vessels on the lakes, piaying
for an appropriation for the improvement of the harbor at
Manitoowoc. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of several citizens ef Marquette county,
for a mail route direct from Waushara to Marquette, Wis-
consin. Referred to tlje Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. BOKEE: The memorial of M. X. Harmony, in
relation to his claim for losses sustained in the seizure of
Ins propeity for the public servive, by order of Colonel
Doniphan, during his march of the United States forces on
Chihuahua, in the year 1846. Referred to the Committee of.
Claims.
Also, the petition of Eli Darling, praying for pecuniary
aid, in consequence of the loss of Fns eyes while in the ser-
vice of the United States at the naval station of Brooklyn.
Referred to the Committeee on Pensions.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of merchants and
other citizens of Philadelphia, asking for the construction of
a harbor at Reedy Island, on the Delaware. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Charles W. Dunlap and others, ask-
ing for the abolition of the spirit ration m national ships.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of the executors of the estate of Robeit
Smith, of Philadelphia, praying compensation for French
spoliations prior to 1800. Referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
A!>o, the petition of James Vanuxem (deceased) asking
r muneration tor French spoliations prior to 1800. Referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of the master warden, the pilots, ship-
masters, and others, of Philadelphia, asking for the con-
struction of a harbor on the east side of Reedy Island, m
Delaware river. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petition of Wm.
Oliver and others lor a mail route from Ozatk, m Franklin
county, via Gaddis Miller's in Franklin, and Wm. Oliver's
in Scott county, to Boonsville, in Scott county. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Louis D. Maichand, for indemnity
for French spoliations committed upon American commerce
prior to 1800. Referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
lairs.
Also, the petition of F. H. Dawson and 20 citizens of the
counties ofScottand Franklin, fora post route from Ozark,
in the county of Franklin, in Boonsville, in Scott county,
State of Arkansas.
Also, the petition of John H. Hawkins, and 125 citizens,
for a post route from Grand Lake, Arkansas, via Hawkins's
Landing, to Bastrop, in the State of Louisiana. Refeired
to the Committee orf the Post Office and Post Road*.
By Mr. McLANE, of Maryland : Memorials praying in-
demnity for Frencu spoliations prior to lbOO, from Eliza M.
KiddaM, F. W. Bune, C. I. McKim, H. and A. Groveman,
N. N. Robinson, and Anthony M. Norman.
Also, a memorial from certain underwriters and mer-
chants in the city of Baltimore, praying increase of salary
to the U. S. Judge at Key West.
By Mr. HARALSON : The petition of William E. Britain
and 77 others, praying Congress to abolish the office of chap-
laincy, and henceforth refrain from all legislation on reli-
gious subjects. Referred to the Committee on the Judicialy.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 9, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Con-
rad Faber and Leopold Bierwith, merchants of
New York, asking to be relieved from bonds re-
quired of them by Government under the act of
20th April, 1836, in the case of the steamer United
States, built by them for the German Empire.
Circumstances stated m this petition, said the
honorable gentleman, recall the fact that during
the last year an agent of Central Germany, called
the German Empire, under instruction from that
Government, purchased, for the purpose of com-
mencing the foundation of a navy, the steamer
United States, and that Power being at war at that
time with Denmark, the Government of the Uni-
ted States interposed for the purpose of preventing
the sailing of the steamer, and requiring that bonds
should be executed to secure the compliance of the
owners of the vessel with the neutrality laws of
the United States. The memorialists executed
these bonds in the sum of $1,200,000; the vessel
was discharged and proceeded to Europe. The
memorialists claim that the facts in the case show
that the bonds ought to be discharged, and the
Executive of the Government of the United States
is understood to prefer that the subject be referred
to the decision of Congress. I will move that,
without reading, the petition be received and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am also requested, Mr.
President, to submit to the Senate certain papers
relating to the establishment of a branch mint in
the city of New York. These papers consist of a
statement of the amount of bullion imported into
the port of New York from California from June
1st, 1849, to December 31st of that year, together
with a list of consignees.
2dly. Custom-house return of the tonnage of
vessels cleared at the port of New York during
the year 1849 for San Francisco.
3dly. Specie in the banks and subtreasury of
the city of New York during the years 1848 and
1849.
4thly. Imports of gold, &c., from California
entered at the custom-house, New York, from
October 1st,'1848, to September 30th, 1849.
5thly. Amount of gold bullion coined at the Uni-
ted States Mint, Philadelphia, for Howland & As-
pinwall, of New York, from August 1st, 1849, to
December 31st of that year.
6thly. Specie imported by Brown, Brothers &
Co., of New York, during the years 1847, 1848.
and 1849.
7thly. Statement of the number of vessels which
cleared from the port of New York for California
during the year 1849.
I beg leave to ask that these papers be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and that they be
printed.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and the motion to print was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GREENE presented the memorial of the
Warren Insurance Company of Rhode Island and
of citizens of the same State, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of the
heirs of Benjamin Nones, for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie on the ta-
ble.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Wendell & Van Benthuysen, late contractors for
the public printing of Congress, claiming additional
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens of the
United States, without respect to party considera-
tions, asking that all further intercourse between
the United States and the Austrian Empire may be
suspended; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of the Pan-
ama Railroad Company, asking that the Secretary
of the Navy may be authorized to contract with it
for the transportation of army and navy supplies,
including troops and mails.
That Company (said the honorable gentleman)
proposes, as they have already surveyed the route,
to construct a railroad across the Isthmus to Pan-
ama. In their own language they say;
"They will seek no compensation until itshail have been
earned. On the contrary, they will on their partcommence
their services, without payment, and will defer ail claim for
compensation until a iarge portion of the work shall be
completed. The fact is now- but too notorious that the mail
service on the Isthmus, for the want ofeommunication and
the means of transportation customary in more populous re-
gions, is exposed to great disorder. They have collected on
the Isthmus the iarge force of laborers and animals needed
for their work, which they think will lessen, if not entirely
remedy, the disorders alluded to. And in this view they
distinctly propose, and offer, that if Congress, at its present
session, shall pass a bill securing such ajustand satislaetory
rate of compensation for the necessary services they may
hereafter render to the Government, as shall enable them to
obtain subscriptions for the lesidue of their capital of five
millions of dollars, they will within sixty days after its pas-
sage organize on the Isthmus a force adequate to the prompt
and regular transportation of the mails from ocean to ocean,
and will perforin that service gratuitously until they snail
have finished the said road from the Chagres river to ihe
Pacific.
The memorial contains a vast amount of inform-
ation valuable to the country and to the Senate,
with reference to the ordinary purposes of legis-
lation, and with reference to the settlement of our
western territory. I move, for the purpose of
bringing this subject before the Senate and getting
this information, and with a view to carry out the
wishes of the petitioners, that this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Commerce and be
printed.
Mr. YULEE. I will inquire what connection
the Committee on Commerce have with this me-
morial.'1 I understand it is to pay for transporting
troops across the Isthmus of Panama. I do not
see what connection the Committee on Commerce
can have with the transportation of troops.
Mr. DICKINSON. The same that it has with
our other commercial intercourse, to give facilities
to our commercial affairs.
Mr. YULEE. This is, then, a subject of inter-
nal improvement.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope my friend will not
be frightened by that name as at a ghost.
Mr. SEWARD, it is rather external improve-
ment.
