1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
confers on Congress the power to declare war may
be amended; which was ordered to Ue on the table.
Mr. MASON" presented a memorial from the
faculty of the Medicd Department of the George-
town College, in the District of Columbia, asking
an appropriation to aid in the establishment of an
infirmary for the sick and disabled poor; which
wats refeired to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, asking the establishment of mail routes
from Grand Rapids to Mackinac, from Saginaw to
Grand Tdverse bay, in the State of Michigan,
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office And Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of physi-
cians, and other citizens of Fredericksburg, Vir-
ginia, asking that the rank of medical officers of
the navy may be assimilated by law to that of offi-
cers of like grades in the medical department of the
army; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING submitted documents in relation to
the claims of the State of Alabama for interest on
the two and three per cent, funds of that State,
arising out of sales of public lands within her limits;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted documents relating to
the claim of Gustavus Heimberger, an officer in
the late war with Mexico; which weie referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
THE MORMONS.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of
James J. Strang, George J. Adams, and William
Marks, Presidents of the Church of the Saints,
Apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ, and witnesses
of his name unto all nations, asking that Congress
will pass a law giving the consent of the nation
that the saints may settle upon and forever occupy
all the uninhabited lands of the islands in Ltke
Michigan, and to cease to sell the same to other
persons, and asking of the people of the United
States, as they have not allowed their brethren to
remain in peace with them, they will at le<*st suffet
them to remain there, separate from them. The
memorial sets forth that ten thousand men, women,
and children, were illegally expelled from the State
of Missouri, plundered of their possessions, exiled
from their homes, and driven in destitution, hun-
ger, and want, in midwinter, to a distant land,
passing much of the way in the midst of foes who
not only refused them shelter and food, but kept
them in continual danger. If you tell us (say
they) as some of your predecessors told our mar-
tyred prophets while they were yet alive, "that
you have no power to redress our wrongs,5' then I
there is presented to the world the melancholy
spectacle of the greatest Republic on earth, a
christian nation, acknowledging itself powerless to
judge; unable to protect the right; a nation on
whose righteousness half the earth rest the hopes
of man, confessing that there is a power above
the law, riding down the Constitution, which
stalks abroad to plunder and banish the citizens,
find none to rebuke; murders the unoffending in-
nocent, and none to say " why do ye so?" which
sanctifies its deeds of violence even in the eyes of
religious men, by blackening the fame of their
glorious deeds with the name of crimes, which in
their lifetime it dared not attempt to prove, even in
its own tribunals.
After presenting the petition and stating its ob-
ject—
Mr. WALKER said: As the petition is en-
dorsed with a wish that 1 should present it to the
Senate, I move that it be received, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH. I would suggest the propriety
of laying the petition on the table. 1 believe the
Government now owns no lands in that part of the
country.
Mr. WALKER. If there are no such lands,
of course there is an end of the matter, and the
committee can so report; but as the petition is
couched in respectful terms, I should prefer that it
be referred, in order to satisfy the memorialists.
The petition was then refetred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered and
Resolved, That ihc Secretary of State be directed to report
to the Senate any evidence in his Department of vexatious
suits instituted in any of tlie courts of admiralty in the
United States against foreign vessels entering our pmts,
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolvedf That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of allowing an increase of
pension toGu&favus Heirnberger, who wa^sevt relj wounded
in an action near Tampico, in the iate war with Mexico.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a po>t-route from Pine Bluff, Arkansas, via Monti-
cello, Dry Itidge, Lacj, Fountain ilill, to De Bastrop, and
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
payment of interest to the Slate ol Alabama upon the hve
prr e--nt. stock ol the proceeds ofihe^ales of the public lands
within saiu State winch has been withheld by the United
States.
IMPEACHED CLAIMS UPON GOVERNMENT.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to present a reso-
lution of inquiry, and I beg leave of the Senate to
state the facts upon which 1 base it. I claim to
be the descendant collaterally of a gentleman by
the name of John Rogers. As the heirs of this
Mr. John Rogers, some fifteen or twenty years
ago, my family drew trom the treasury some
three or four thousand dollars; and recently an-
other family claiming to be the heirs of this gen-
tleman have drawn twelve or fourteen thousand
dollars for the .same services. So that two fami-
lies representing John Rogers, who was a enptam
in the Virginia State line, have presented their
claims and obtained money from ?r>e treasury of
the United States. I claim to be the nephew ot
this man, and according to tradition in our family,
he died a few years after the Revolution, without
having been married, or having children, and
for that time we have been paid a claim which
amounted to between three and four thousand dol-
lars. I3ut the other family &aythat the tiue John
Rogers lived a great many years longer, and as
the amount of the half-pay would be in propor-
tion to the time he lived, the second family got
about three or four tunes as much as my family
was paid. . ;
A man by the name of Williams, some fourteen
or fifteen years ago, wrote to an old uncle of mine,
now in his eighty-fifth year, who received this
money as theadmimstrator ofhisdeceased brother,
and asked by what authority he received the
money which was paid to him. My uncle an- !
swered, stating that he received it becau&e he was j
the administrator of the estate of Captain Rogers; ;
because he had the diploma of Captain Rogers as j
a member of the Cincinnati society, identifying t
him as the true Captain Rogers; because he held I
two commissions of Captain Rogeis establishing
his identity, and that he and his family had inher- j
ited the property of Captain Rogers. Well, we j
heard no more of Mr. Williams, the prosecutor of
the claim of the second family, until I came on
here, when i found that some twelve or fourteen
thousand dollars had been paid out to them. This
is not the only case of the kind, and, in view of
this matter, i think the following resolution would
be propei:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in-
s-tructrd to mquiie into the < xpeuieney of providing by law
lor Uie ^examination, hv the judicial department of the
Government, ot any payment made by the executive de-
partment which may he impeached bv s-uo^qnent informa-
tion communicated to the depaitment masiny th^ payment,
and whether an> fmther leg>&lati<>  be nece.-^ary to te ovtr
money attracted liom tne tieusury th ough tiaud or mis-
take.
In justice perhaps to the department which paid
this money, 1 should state that I called upon the
department, after learning the fact that this dou-
ble payment had been made, and made some in-
qumes into it. The Secretary of the Interior in-
formed me that a bundle of papers had been filed
as the proofs, which he had examined before the
claim was paid, whereas that of my living uncle
rested on a single affidavit, made by an old soldier.
There was a whole bundle of testimony to prove
that J.ohn Rogers who lived to the latter period was
the true John Rogers; and Mr. Earing informed
me that, on looking over the papers, he thought
the payment had been improperly made to my
family; and i put myself to thetrouble of satisfying
the Department of the claim of my family, by ob-
taining the original commissions; the original pat-
ents of the Jand, and a great many other things of
that sort. There can of course no blame attach
to the Department in a case of this sort, because
it must be a matter of judgment which testimony
should prevail; and here is an accumulation of tes-
timony to countervail the testimony by which the
money was drawn in the first instance, some twenty
or thirty years ago. In the conversations which
have grown out of this business, ihis question has
arisen: whether the payment thus made by the de-
partment upon testimony filed is final and conclu-
sive, or whether it may not be recovered back.
It is perfectly clear in this case that one of these
families should refund the money, and the ques-
tion is, whether these adjudications are so final that
the money cannot be lecovered. The object of
this resolution is to get the Judiciary Committee
to take up this matter; and I make this statement
of facts to 3how that it is a matter of some import-
j ance, and that they ought to provide some means
by law for the reclamation of money thus paid
through fraud or through mistake.
The resolution was adopted.
REPAYMENTS TO STATES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution supplementary to the resolution to re-
fund money to the States which have supplied
volunteers and furnished them transportation,
during the late war, before being mustered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I rise for the pur-
pose of making a brief explanation of the lesolu-
tion. It will be recollected that, by the act re-
ferred to in the resolution, provision was made to
pay all persons, corporations, or States, any money
expended by them in raising or equipping troops
for the war wi'h Mexico. It has occurred that
some of the States have paid accounts for the
raising and equipping of troops without taking
i their vouchers in a formal manner, and that
: money has not been refunded to them by the
■ United Slates. This joint resolution is simply
I to piovide that, whenever an account has been
I audited by the State authorities, and been paid
l out of the State tieasury before the date fixed in
I the resolution, the evidence that it has been so
audited and paid by the State, for and out of the
; State treasury, shall be held to be sufficient evi-
; dence for refunding the same out of the Treasury
| of the United States. That is the whole object of
j the resolution.
i On motion of Mr. CLARKE, several verbal
amendments were made. The resolution was then
| reported back to the Senate, the amendments were
' concurred in, the resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and subsequently read
a third time and passed.
; RECESS.
| The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of a resolution offered by Mr. Yulee, that when
. the Senate adjourns on -Monday, it adjourn to
! meet on the Thursday following.
! After some conversation, the resolution was
modified so as to rend that, when the Senate ad-
journs on Thursday next, it will adjourn to meet
on the Monday following. On which motion the
yeas and nays were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mes*is. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Chase, Clay, Clemens, Corwui, Davis «f Mis>i.-sippi,
Dawson. Dayton, D.< kmson, Dodi^ ot Iowa, Downs,
F«-Ich, Foote, Greene, II de, Hunter, King, Ma-on, Morton,
P- arce, Piatt, liusfc, Sebastian, Seward^ Shield*, Smith,
Spruanoe, Stuigeon, Wales, and Yulee—43-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright. Cooper. Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodge of Wis-con^m, Hoti-ion, Norris, Underwood, Qpharn,
Walker, and Wintcomb—10.
The resolution was adopted.
DONATIONS OF PUBLIC LANDS.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 28, being the bill
in relation to donations of lands to certain persons
in the State of Arkansas.
The bill had been reported from the Committf©
on Public Lands, with an amendment, upon which
the question was stated.
The amendment is as follows:
Strike out ail after the enacting clause, and insert t ie .fol-
lowing:
