128
tM congressional globe.
Jan.
There being no choice, the Senate proceeded to
ballot a third time, igrith the following result:
The whole number of votes cast was fifty-nine;
necessary to a choice thirty; of which number
Rev. Mr. Butler received 28
Mr. Slice   26
Mr. Kerr  3
Mr. Dewey . 1
Mr. Smith  1
59
There being still no choice, the Senate proceeded
to the fourth ballot, when
The whole number of votes cast was sixty; ne-
cessary to a choice thirty-one; of which number
Rev. Mr. Butler received   .29
Mr. Slicer   29
Mr. Nevin : 1
Mr. Smith 1
60
There being again no choice, the Senate pro-
ceeded to ballot the fifth time, with the following
result:
The whole number of votes cast was sixty; ne-
cessary'to a choice thirty-one; of which number
Rev. Mr. Butler received 30
Mr. Slicer 30
60
The VICE PRESIDENT. The result of the
last ballot is that Mr. Butler received thirty votes,
and Mr. Slicer thirty votes—a tie. The question
then presents itself, whether the Chair has a right
to vote. The Constitution reads a3 follows:
il The Vice President shall be President of the Senate,
hut shall have no vote except when the Senate are equally
divided."
Itis a question, therefore, whether in this instance
the Chair has a right to vote.
Mr. CLAY, Certainly he has.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objection is
made, the Chair will proceed to vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] merely
because he has occupied the chair as presiding
officer of this body, what has been the practice in
cases of this character ?
Mr. MANGUM. I do not recollect within my
experience the occurrence of an instance of this
kind. But an occasion of the kind did occur during
the term of the predecessor of the present presiding
officer, when he avowed his opinion that he was
entitled to v®te. He did not do so, however, be-
cause the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien]
came in at the moment, and gave the casting vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will be
governed in this matter by the opinion of the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN. Although 1 know no prece-
dent exactly applicable to this case, I think the
Vice President has the right to vote.
Mr. CLAY. I think there can be no doubt
about it. Itis the precise case for which the Con-
stitution provides.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
then, unless some objection is offered, understand
it to be the opinion of the Senate that he has a
right to vote.
Mr. KING. I suppose it is now to be decided
whether this clause of the Constitution applies to
elections that are required to take place in this
body. Heretofore it has been considered as ap-
plying to legislative action alone, and never, in
any case, so far as I know, to the election of offi-
cers of any description in this body. Therefore,
it is now to be decided whether the clause of the
Constitution referred to, is to be extended in its
operation to elections as well as legislative action;
for I know of no rule whatever that has ever been
adopted by the Senate on the subject. For my-
self, I shall be satisfied with the decision of the
question in any way that the Senate may think
proper. I will only repeat that it is the first time
I have ever known the question to be made, and
ray mind not having been turned to the subject
heretofore, I have supposed the clause referred to
legislative measures alone, and not to elections.
Mr. BERRIEN. I cannot conceive how it is
possible by any action of the Senate to limit the
expressions of the Constitution, which are in them-
selves so general as to comprehend every vote that
may be taken in the Senate.
L " The Vice President shall be President of ths Senate,
but shall have no vote except when the Senate are equally
divided."
Now it is proposed, by one construction which
is offered, to limit the equal division to cases of
legislation; but the Constitution contemplated that
the Senate should perform other duties besides
those which are merely legislative. There are ex-
ecutive duties; and when the Senate is equally
divided in the discharge of their executive duties,
the Vice President must give the casting vote.
Mr. KING. Clearly the Vice President has no
power to vote on executive- nominations, because
if the Senate is equally divided in regard to the
propriety of their confirmation, they are rejected.
Mr. BERRIEN. 3ut if any resolution should
be introduced referring to Executive business, and
the Senate should be equally divided, undoubtedly
the Vice President would have a right to vote.
And suppose this question was now in this form:
Resolved, that A B be appointed Chaplain to the
Senate; and that upon that question the Senate was
equally divided, most unquestionably the Vice
President, in the exercise of his power, would give
the casting vote. But it seem3 to me unwise to
reason on this subject by attempted analogy, be-
cause the language of the Constitution is too plain
to admit of a diverse construction. The 21st rule
is but an affirmance of the provisions of the Con-
stitution. Itis:
" When the Senate are equally divided, the Secretary
shall take the decision of the President."
Mr. CALHOUN. As the very experienced
Senator behind me [Mr. King] is mistaken on the
subject of Executive nominations, I deem it my
duty to say, that I, in several instances when I oc-
cupied the chair, cast my vote on such nomina-
tions. I did so in the very celebrated case of Mr.
Van Buren, and in two or three others.
Mr. KING. I am aware of that; but the indi-
viduals nominated must receivc the votes of a ma-
jority of the Senate to be confirmed, and there can
be no necessity, therefore, for the presiding officer
to give his vote. There was no such necessity in
the case of Mr. Van Buren, as he was rejected if
he did not receive a majority of the votes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Constitution con-
templates in the organization of this body the elec-
tion of officers—the Secretary of the Senate, the
SeTgeant-at-Arms, and other officers; and the Sen-
ate cannot be said to be organized until these offi-
cers are elected. Suppose an equal division in ref-
erence to their choice, are we to stand still and
postpone our organization until some one of the
Senators shall give way, or shall it be decided by
the presiding officer? This view of the case seems
! to me to settle this question, if it be analogous.
1 Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will allow me, I
I will show that it is not analogous. The honor-
! able Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
i will at once perceive that the officers to which he
referred are necessary to the organization of the
Senate, but we have been without a Chaplain for
several days, and without offering any obstruction
to our organization.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. True; but I was putting
the question as though we were not organized, and
as though the division had then taken place.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator is putting the case
of the election of officers whose election is neces-
sary to the organization of the Senate. Is that
analogous to the case of the election of an officer
whose election is not necessary for such oganiza-
tion Clearly not; and therefore the two cases are
not analogous at all. I do not think, however,
that the analogy is necessary for the decision of
the question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think not myself. I
brought the case to show that in such an instance
we .must remain unorganized, unless the Vice
President had the power to decide. By our Con-
stitution the Senate must always consist of an even
i| number, two from each State, and it is but a rea-
ij sonable proposition that the Vice President should
! decide in all cases of a tie. The framens of the
! Constitution must have contemplated, from the
|| very organization of the body—two from each
:| State—that equal divisions must frequently occur,
i I think, therefore, there can be no doubt of the
■ right of the presiding officer to vote.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels no
: desire to express an opinion either one way or the
I other; nevertheless, if the duty is imposed upon
| the Chair to vote, the Chair would feel guilty of a
| dereliction of duty not to discharge it. And as it
seems to be the opinion of the Senate that the Chair
has the right to vote on this occasion, unless some
proposition is now made to the contrary, the Chair
will proceed to vote and declare the result. The
Chair waits to see if any such proposition is
made.
The Chair votes for Mr. Butler, who, having
received a majority of the votes, is therefore
elected.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS,
Ordered, That the petition of Charles P. Cunter, on the
flies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the petition of John B. White, on the files
of tile Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. WH1TCOMB,
Ordered, That the petition of Isaac P. Simonton, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. KING,
Ordered, That Hugh Wallace Wormsley have permission
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the papers relating
to Ins claim.
Mr. HUNTER asked leave to withdraw from
the files the petition and papers of  Arm-
strong.
Mr. UPHAM. I would like to inquire the rea-
sons for the request to withdraw these papers.
Mr. HUNTER. I know no reason except that
the petitioner wishes to have possession of his
papers.
Mr. UPHAM. I believe that an adverse report
has been made upon these papers. It is not usual
to permit papers to be withdrawn where an ad-
verse report has been made. When this is the
case, the usual course is to present a new petition,
which must show or set forth some new evidence
or some error in the previous petition. That being
the case, I think the papers should not be with-
drawn.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know what the rule
is upon the subject; but I know that the practice
has been invariable heretofore to withdraw papers,
and I have never heard objections before.
Mr. PEARCE. The honorable Senator from
Virginia is mistaken in saying that no objections
have been offered to the withdrawal of papers. I
have made objections myself, and I will oppose
the withdrawing of papers where there is not a
good reason given. Papers have been withdrawn
when evidence hostile to the claim has appeared
subsequent to the presentation of the papers, show-
ing that the claim is not such as should receive the
sanction of the Senate, and they have come back
here changed in their character in part, if not
wholly. There can be no reason for the with-
drawing of papers lodged with the Senate in this
case, unless it is such a reason as can be assigned;
and I think any person wishing the withdrawal of
papers should always furnish to the Senator who
asks for the withdrawal the reasons on which such
application is founded. Otherwise, it seems sus-
picious, although there may be a consistent and
honorable motive. The only safe way, how-
ever, is to adhere to the general rule, and allow no
papers to be withdrawn unless a good and satis-
factory reason is given for it.
Mr. HUNTER. I will repeat that I know no
reason except that which I have stated, that the
• petitioner desires to have his papers.
Mr. HALE. I will suggest that the Senator
I from Florida made a similar motion the other day,
I and leave was not granted, and there have been
1 more than thirty cases of a similar kind.
Mr. HUNTER. I will withdraw the motion
until to-morrow, in order that I may ascertain
what the rule is, and what the practice has been
in similar cases.
HUNGARIAN REFUGEES.
Mr. SEWARD offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the conduct of Austria and of Russia in the
war m which these Powers have subveited the nationality
and the liberties: of Hungary, lias been marked by injustice,
1 oppression, and barbarity, which justly deserve the condem-
nation of mankind, while they commend the Hungarian peo-
ple to the sympathies of other nations, and especially of
repulj'ican States ; and that the Committee on the Puhlio
Lands be directed to inquire and report on the propriety of
setting apart a portion ot the public domain, to he granted,
free of all charge?, to the exiles of Hungary already arrived
and hereafter to arrive m the United States, as well as to the
exiles fleeing from oppression in other European countries.
The resolution was laid over under the rule.
