THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN c. RIVES.—TERMS
$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1850;
New Series No. 9.
VENTILATING THE SENATE.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution, and it was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit .and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate is authorized to audit
and pay to John Skirving his account for services dining the
last session of Congress, m ventilating the Senate Clumber,
not exceeding the pay of a messenger.
FORTIFICATION OF DAUPHIN ISLAND.
Mr. KING. I ask leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affair* be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of m<ikins an appro-
priation for the erection of a fortification on Dauphin Island,
in the bay of Mobile.
I presume there will be no objection to the adop-
tion of this resolution, for it is simply one of in-
quiry. -I will state that, in years gone by, that
site was selected by Gen. Bernard, who made an
examination in reference to the erection of a forti-
fication. It was considered as a proper one for
the protection of the city of Mobile and its harbor.
Objections have been made that there was not a
sufficient depth of water for the safe anchorage of
vessels of a large class in this bay; but since that
time it has been ascertained, with a degree of cer-
tainty, that the entrance to the bay of Mobile
affords facilities to vessels of the largest class.
Frigates can enter there when they cannot enter any
other port in the Gulf of Mexico, except in some
peculiar state of the tides. Vessels, when they i
cannot get into the bay of Pensacola, can get in .
here; and it is now well known that there is at all i
times a sufficient depth of water, and that a naval |
station can be had in the bay of Mobile more ac-
cessible to larger vessels, and better suited for the
repairs and building of ships, than any upon that
-coast. My object is to call the attention of the
with any foreign nation, simply because he thinks
a fortification is required in another place ? If a
harbor is required there, let there be one; if a for-
tification is required there for protection, let there
be one; but I would ask, what is to be protected?
For what purpose is this fortification required ?
Is it to secure pine timber? If so, we have pine,
forests only too extensive, I fear, in Alabama, cov-
ering a great extent of country, valuable only for
its growth of pine. Is it to get oak timber? If so,
our oak forests are certainly superior to any that
can be found along the banks of the Mississippi
liver. But, in every point of view, I think the
Bay of Mobile is the best; and I simply ask my
friend from Mississippi, if he thinks that Ship
Island ought to be fortified, to bring forward a res-
olution on the subject, and to let it stand upon its
own merits.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has quite misunder-
stood me. It is not opposition to the interests or
carelessness about the safety of Mobile; for all
that concerns that city I have, though not an
equal, yet a great solicitude. But I do not sup-
pose that fortifications looking to a navy-yard
are necessary for the protection of Mobile har-
bor. It will be recollected that a poor little sand
fort, thrown up there during the last war, made
| a defence against the British shipping, and that
Major Lawrence, with less than a major's com-
mand, held that fort until he blew up a ship of the
erly fortified, the entrance through which New
Orleans, the great depdt of the Mississippi valley,
was once attacked, and which, under like contin-
gency, would probably again be the avenue of
approach by an enemy.
Mr.- FOOTE. I move the amendment suggest-
ed by my colleague, and for the reasons stated by
him. The views announced by him have my
hearty approbation. I have some personal knowl-
edge of the facts, and the resolution would be
much more efficient for the purpose for which it is
framed by amendingit with the conjunction "and,"
sd as to inciudc Ship Island, and thu3 give the
committee a fair opportunity of examining the
whole matter. The States of Mississippi and
Alabama were once united in a single territory;
their interests are very much the same still, and I
wish them to have an equal chance in this matter.
Mr. KING. I am at a loss to understand the
Senator from Mississippi. I have not the slightest
objection to an inquiry into the propriety of erect-
ing fortifications at Ship Island, or any other point.
I propose to inquire into thepropriety of erecting
fortifications at a particular point. I am willing to
inquire into the propriety of erecting fortifications
on Ship Island, but I protest against any action
excluding an examination of Dauphin Island. This
j is a question which my friend from South Caro-
j ling [Mr. Calhoun] understands better than any
1 other Senator here. "While he had charge of the
line. I believe that my friend will find that sea-coast j War Department it was selected by General Ber-
batteries, and forts of such a character, built as near
the edge of the water as they can be, are the proper
means to prevent ships from entering a.harbor, and
notthemassivefortificationsof navy-yards. Navy-
yards are to relieve ships crippled at sea. I
do not believe that massive fortifications at Ship
coasi. "i-v ^ v* -- ----- 1     .
Military Committee and the Senate of the United !] Island are more nccessary as a means of protection
States to the necessity of making a proper means •' ' ™mt for
Every Senator will
of defence in that harbor, livery
see there is a necessity of having a safe harbor on
this part of oar coast, that vessels may not^ be
obliged to go all the way to Philadelphia, New
York, or Boston, for refuge from storms, for sup-
plies of provisions, or for repairs; and this is the
only pomt on the whole Gulf of Mexico where
such refuge can be had or such repairs made. I
trust that the Committee on Military Affairs will
take the subject under their consideration and re-
port upon it as early as possible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. All the remarks
which have been made by the honorable Senator
from Alabama in relation to the Mobile bar, are
more just than they were believed to be some years
ago. But I object to the comparison he has insti-
tuted, and would remind him, if from inadvertence
lie has overlooked the fact, thata still better haibcw
lies a short distance further west, and in a position
still better for the protection of our commerce in
the Gulf of Mexico, and for repairing and provis-
ioning vessels cruising between the Caribbean sea
and the West Indies. 1 r«fer to the harbor inside
of Ship Island. The entrance is deeper, the an-
chorage quite as good, and affording greater facility
for obtaining supplies and materials of construc-
tion which "are brought down the Mississippi and
Pearl rivers, and for obtaining ship timber from
the lands reserved by the United States. I there-
fore move to amend the resolution by inserting the
words " or Ship Island."
Mr. KING. I had no expectation of entering
into any discussion in presenting; this resolution.
1 have only to say that, from all the information 1
have been able to collect, the honorable Senator is
entirely mistaken when he supposes shipping, ly-
i,,.- behind Ship Island, will be equally secure as.
in the Cay of Mobile. No harbor can aftord more
safety, better anchorage is not to be found at any
point, either of the Atlantic or Pacific oceans. As ,
to the depth of water, it has been decided by actual ,
surveys. According- to them, the advantages for ■
protection of vessels entering that harbor, are de-
cidedly in its favor. That is a matter which I I
will not discuss now. 1 only ask the honorable i
Senator whether he will defeat this measure, nn- I
portant in itself to the protection of the city ot j
Mobile if we should ever be engaged jn a war I
9
nard, one of our best engineers, as a suitable point;
and the works were actually commenced, but,
owing to some difficulties about the title to the
land, they were discontinued, and have not been
resumed since. And the reason why they have
not been resumed is, that it was supposed that the
water was not sufficient to admit large ships of
It is now ascertained that a sufficient depth
than at Mobile, but that it is the best point for i ... - --
such constructions as are required for the relief and j does exist; and it is simply asked that the original
repair of the Gulfshipping. Ship Island stands out i! design shall be carried out by an appropriation for
from the main shore; and never was the honorable fortifications. They may be of any description—
Senator more mistaken than when he supposed || it may be a water battery, that will give such pro-
there is no commerce there to be protected. Why, I tection to an anchorage ground as will prevent hos-
tile whole commerce from Maine to Texas
passes right by Ship Island, and all that enters j
the city of New Orleans or departs from it, ex- |
cept by the Mississippi, is compelled to run inside j
I of the very island of which I speak. The Senator j
j from Alabama is certainly very much mistaken in j
j all the positions he has assumed. He assumes that [
j there is not an equal depth of water at Ship Island, j
j and he has shown the fact that the harbor of Mo- i
bile is deeper than the Spanish surveys made it '
sixty or seventy years ago; but the very sur-
tile ships from entering the channel immediately
under that island. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to extend the examination to Ship Island also;
and if the Senator will offer an amendment so as
to say " and also to inquire into the expediency of
erecting fortifications on Ship Island," it will re-
ceive my vofe.
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest as an addition
to my amendment the words " or either'of them,"
after the words " and also Ship Island," and for
this reason: the committee may determine that it
sixlv ui seventy vears ago, mm* mv, ---j — . v..  -
vevs upon which he relies for that information,! is expedient to make but one expenditure and not
made by the coast survey brigade, are the same | both, and I wish to give an equal c.iance to both.
Iliauc uy j t TV/r„ r\,\ VFG T r mprp «r s a ft to mv co -
upon which we rely for our information as to the
depth of water at Ship Island.
Then ajjain he thinks the island is isolated and
without shelter. It has islands on every side of
it, and is sheltered by a point that runs out from
the Mississippi, from the gales that olow most
fiercely from the Gulf. In presenting the matter
in this light, [ do not present it with any view of
Mr. DAVIS, I would merely state to my col-
league that this is a matter which would come up
before fthe Committee of Ways and Means as a
question of appropriation. That would be de-'
cided after the committee had reported in favor of
either one or both.
Mr. FOOTE. I thought both subjects could by
my amendment be better brought before the com-
makin°- it a bar to the'moiion of the Senator from mittee; suit I am willing to yield to my colleague.
Alabama. Nor am I prompted to this action by Mr. DAVIS. I haveno objection to theamend-
his resolution. It is an old subject with me, and |> ment at all. , . , „r1
one for which I in vain attempted to obtain an >1 The amendment having been agieed to.thereso
sBssssr ***""s '1™:™ t:: c" -
I hi™ no objection, if lh. S.n.io, ,vi.h<it it,  >j
put the copulative conjunction and, instead Ot j. pn -
the disjunctive conjunction " or," if thatwiU meet
with the views of the Senator from Alabama; hut
in the bay of Mo! ie, and also Ship Island, or either of them.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH AUSTRIA.
The hour having arrived to which the special
' 1 do object to making, in national importance, a ;! lh1-  
! measure which is neither new nor local, subordi- or et was_p p . consideration.
which are inferior to it. :! Mr. MJ cancu iui t ^ ^ ^
nate to all other interest.,  
There is not a harbor on the Atlantic coast that
does not send vessels almost within a stone's
throw of the anchorage of Ship Island. 1 he
great commerce from the Mississippi valley, which-
goes out in the shipping from New Orleans, through
the lake, and the commerce, more especially of Ala-
bama, runs immediately by that island, and m
time of storm or war, must depend on the pro-
tection there given it. It would protect, if prop-
Mr DOWNS, When I made the motion to
ad ourn last evening, it was not with a view of ad-
dressing the Senate on this question. I therefore
waive any claim I may have to the floor.
Mr RUSK. I move that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent with closed doors,
The Seuata adjourned.
