1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
meeting shall be, until otherwise ordered, at ten
o'clock, a. m.
Objection being made—
Mr. NELSON moved to suspend the rules for
its reception.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the reso-
lution.
Mr. NELSON modified it by fixing eleven
o'clock as the hour.
The resolution, as modified, was read.
Mr. VINTON. Will it be in order to move to
suspend the rules to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend is
already pending.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Nelson, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 144,
nays 52; as follow:
VEA.S—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andpison,
Andrew^, Ashinun, Baker, Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Bowhn, Boyd, Breck, Bring-, Brooks, Buel,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Tnomas B. Butler, Joseph Cab!*',
George A. Caldwell, Calwn, Cart er, Casey, Clarke, VV. 11.
W. Cobb, Cote, Conger, Contad, Corwin, Crowell, Debeny,
Dickry, Dimmiok, Dtvon, Doty, Duncan, Dmkee, Edmund-
son, Nathan Evans, Hvving, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller,
Giddiues, Gilirioie, Gorman, Colt, G<uld, Green, Giinnell,
Hall, H.dlowav, Hamilton, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Hay, Ha> inond. Hebaid, Henry, Hibbard, Iloagland,
Howe, W T Ja<'ks nii, Ai.drew Jthnson, Jame* L. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Daniel P. Kins, George G: King, James G.
Km?, John A. Kins, Preston King, Leffler, Littletield, Job
Mann, M'Vson, Matteson, McDonald, McGanghry, McKis-
sork, McLanahan, R. M. McLane, F. E. McLean, Meacham,
Miller, Million, Moore, Morns, Ne!&on,Nes, Ogle, Olds, Orr,
Ous, Parker, Peasiee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robin&on, Rockwell,ltoot,
Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sackott, Sawtelle, Schermerhoi n,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Spaulding, Thaddeus Steven?, Stet-
son, Sweet^er, Taylor, James Thompson, William Thomp-
son, Tharm;m, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Walden, Waldo,
Watkin*, Wemworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
raot, Wilson. Wiutlitop, Wood, and Young—144.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averott, Bayly, Bissell,
Boeock, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell,
Chandler, Clingmaw, Coleock, Daniel, Disney, Featheiston,
Harali-on, Xsham G. Harris, Holiaday, Howard, Hubbaid,
Jngp, Joseph W, Jackson. Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman,
Horace Mann, Mcdemand, McDowell, Mctiueen, Mc Wil-
lie, Meade, Morse, Morton, Outlaw, Richard.>on, Robbins,
Roi-s, Savage, Srrfdou, Stanly, Fiedenck P. Siauton, Rich-
ard H. Sranton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Vena-
ble, Vinton, Wallace, Wellborn, Williams, and Wood-
ward—52.
So the rules were suspended and the resolution
was received.
The question being on its adoption,
Mr. NELSON demanded the previous question.
Mr. EEATHERSTON. Is the resolution open
to amendment ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw the demand for the previous question,
to enable me to offer an amendment.
Cries of " No, no." " What's your amend-
ment?''
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I want to strike out
11 and insert 8 o'clock.
The demand for the previous question was not
withdrawn. There was a second.
And the main question (on the adoption of the
resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. ASHE asked the yeas and nays on the
main question; which were refused.
And the question, " Shall the resolution be
adopted?" was then taken, and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
THE AFRICAN SLA.VE TRADE.
Mr. BURT rose and said, that he desired to of-
fer a resolution calling upon the the President of
the United States for information.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows;
Rc&olved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House (if' not incompatible with the public in-
terest) the number of vessels, the number of guns, and the
noirtber of men that have, eacn year,constituted the squad-
ron lor the fcnppie^sion ot the African slave tiade, according
to the treaty ot Washington; and the annual expenses and
costs of that squadton; al?o, the number ot slave ships that
have been- annually captured, and ot slaves released by
that squadron ; and the number of officers and men that
have died annually wi that service.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and objected.
Mr. BURT moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, for the purpose of enabling him to
introduce the resolution.
The question was taken, and two-thirds having
voted m the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
And the resolution having been received, was
considered, and, without debate, was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, by unanimous
consent, withdrew trom the files the papers in the
case of G. K. Lewis.
Mr. CAR ITER moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Mc-
Clernand and the Speaker as to the right to the
floor.
Mr. BAYLY requested the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cartteuj to withdiaw the motion to
go into Committee ot' the Whole on the state of
the Union, to enable him (Mr. B.) to introduce
a resolution.
Mr. CARTTER said he would withdraw the
motion if the gentleman would renew it.
Mr. BAYLY said he would renew it.
Mr. B. moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer a resolution, which he sent to
the Clerk's table.
Mr. McCLERNAND claimed that the right of
the floor was in him. '
The SPEAKER explained. !
Some furthei convei&auon followed between Mr.
McClernand and the Speaker.
Mr. McCLERNAND then objected, as a point
of order, to an> conriact or covenant between the
gentleman Irom Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,J and the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] oy which
ihe right to the floor should pass Irom one to the
other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
reply to the point of order of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McCler.vand,] that the Chair re-
cognized no contractor agreement. The gentle-
man Jroi# Ohio, [Mi. Cartter,] as tiie Chan-
understood, withdiew the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The Chair has recognized the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] and that gentleman made
a motion that the rules of the House be suspended
to enable him to oiler a resolution. As to any un-
derstanding between the two gentlemen, the Chair
recognizes nothing of the kind.
Mr. McCLERNAND addressed the Chair 
Mr. CART JL'ER calied to order.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he rose to a point
of order. He submitted whether it was in order
for the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to
take the floor under these circumstances?
Mr. V. suggested to the,.gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] so to modify the resolution as
to guard it with the usual words, " if not incom-
patible with the public interests.3'
Mr. BAYLY saw no necessity, he said, for
such a modification. The resolution related to no
foreign matter.
The question was then taken on the demand
for the previous question, and by ayes 95, noes
not counted, there was a second.
And the main question was ordered, and having
been taken, the resolution was adopted.
DONATIONS OF LAND.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to report a bill without delay, granting to each
s State in which there i^, or may hereafter be, a public insti-
tutton for the benefit of the deaf, dumb, blind, or insane
a section of land lor the use of such institution: ProiUcd.
That the Secretary ot the Interior shall locale said Jands 
in the ease of the States in which public lands are situated,
in said States to&peetivHy, and in the ca>e of the States
where there are no public lairls, in any territory of the
United States in winch there are public lands subject to
pavate entry and sale.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. CONGER rose and objected to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, to enable him to intro-
duce the resolution.
Mr. ROOT suggested to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McClernand] so to modify the res-
olution as to substitute " townships" tor 44 sec-
tions."
Mr. McCLERNAND modified the resolution,
accordingly.
Mr. CARTTER suggested, that the resolution
should be so modified as to insert " counties in-
stead of " townships."
The question was then stated to be, on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McCLERNAND and Mr. DANIEL
asked the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 150, nays 3d; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Ashinuu, Bay, Heale, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Booth,
Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin, Briggs, Biooks, Albert G. Brown,
Buel, Buriows, Chester Builtr, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, W. It.
W. Cobb; Cole, Connid, Corvvm, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Tne SPEAKER. When the gentleman from H Dunmick', Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
. i . . v ii [ J "NT -il hi ri I*' it j tic. It 17*. \n  141.  >•« aiIi>m t1 n If av
Ohio [Mr. Cartter] wiihdtew the motion that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the U'mon, he was no longer
entitled to the floor. Tne gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] first addressed the Chair, and
was recognized, and it was m Older tor ium to
move a suspension of ihe rules.
REVENUE IN CALIFORNIA.
The resolution of Mr. Bayly was then read, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to Uiis House the amount ot money
collected Irom customs in California, Loin Me period oi the
conclusion oi the war with Mexico, until the collector, ap-
pointed undei the act ol the tnndoi Maicn, lou9, entered
upon the duties ot his oniee ; and what disposition nas 1/eeu
made ol the money thus collected; and wnetlier any has
been expendi d, and it &o, lor what purposes such expendi-
tures were made, and also, under what authority such col- ,
lections weie made, and under what law aaid money was I
disbutsed.
The resolution having been read— j
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on j
the motion of the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr. ;
Bayly] to suspend the luies fur the purpose ot
enabling him to oiFer it. >
And the question, '*iShall the rules be suspended?" !
was taken, ana decided in the anirmauve, without
a division.
So (iwo-thirds voting in the affirmative) the !
rules were suspended, and the resolution being !
before the House, and the question being on the ,
adoption thereof— j
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the resolution ]
be laid upon the table. i
The SPEAKER counted the affirmative vote— j
when— '
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays. J
Mr. y WEE TSER withdrew the motion.
Mr. JBAYLYdemanded the previous question, ij
Mr. VINTON called for the reading of the reso- jj
lution-, which was again read. h
Nathan Evans-, Ewmg, Fitch, Fowler, Fr«-edle>, Fuller,
Gihnrre, Gorman, Goit, Gnnneil, Hall, Hamilton, Hampton,
Haralson, Hailan, Jsbam G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris*
Hay. Haymond, Uebaid, Henn, Hibbard, ihlliard, Hoajj-
: land, Howe, Huniei, Inge, Jo.-eph W. Jackson, William T.
j Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
i Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. King, James G.
I King, John A. Kirnr. La Sfeie, Lelilcr, Littleheld, Horace
M inn, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matteson, MeCternand,
, McDonald, McGauyhey, Mcivi^sock, ltobert M. McLane,
1 Finis £ McLean, McMullen, Mc Willie, Meacham, Miller,
j Moore, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Nes, U^le, Olds, Ons,
! Outlaw, Pea^ee, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putman, Reed,
I Reynolds, Richardson, Ri-ley, Robbms, Robinson, Rock-
1 well, Root, Koae, Ros-s, iluinsey, Savage, Schermerhorn,
j Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Spauldai", Stanly, F. P. Stanton,
1 Sweetser, Tavtor, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
1 William Thompson, Thunnan, Toombs, Tuck, Walden,
I Waldo, Watluns, Wellborn, Wentworth. White, Wildrick,
Williams, Wihnot, Wilson, Wintbrop, Wood, and Young—
150.
NAY'S—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Avereu, Bayly, Bocock,
Boi d, Breck, Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Clingman, Conger,
Daniel, Edtmmdson, Giddmg*, Holladav, Howard, Hubbard,
Kaufman, McDowell, McLanahan, McQueen, Meade, Mill-
son, Mor&e, Orr, Parker, Powell, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sed-
[ don, Richaid H. Stanton, t<iet-?on, Thomas, V inton, Wal-
, lace, Whittlesey, and Woodward—36.
I So the rules were suspended and the resolution
, was j-eceived.
; The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution,
| Mr. STANLY suggested to thegentleman from
1 Illinois to modify his resolution so as to embrace
1 those States which should hereafter have such in-
; stitutions.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he would move to
, amend the resolution by inserting after the word
i " is," the words 11 or may hereafter be," and he
•, demanded the previous question,
j Mr. HAMPTON inquired if it would be in order
to move an amendment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER replied that no amendment was
m order pending the demand for the previous
question. f
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, appealed to the gentle-
man from Illinois to yield the floor.
