1*224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
Mr. MeCLERNAND said he should be happy
to do so, but he felt himself bound to decline
yielding the floor to any gentleman.
Mr. P. KING desired to ask the gentleman from
Illinois to modify his resolution so as to give this
quantity of land to each institution where there
was 'more than one in a State.
Mr. MeCLERN AND declined further to amend.
Mr. MILLIARD desired to be informed if the
last modification su£?ested had been accepted by
the gentleman from Illinois ?
The SPEAKER. Tne gentleman from Illinois
moved it as an amendment to the resolution. In
the opinion of the Chair, the resolution is beyond
the potter of the gentleman from Illinois to modify.
Resolutions ordinarily are within the power of
the mover, but when a resolution is introduced
tinder a suspension, (which requires a vote of two-
thirds,) as the suspension is to introduce that reso-
lution, it cannot be materially modified by the
mover; otherwise it might be converted into a
fesolution which the House would not have sus-
pended its rules to receive.
Mr. H1LL1ARD. Is the amendment pro-
spective ?
Cries of "yes."
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been re-
ported. The Chair cannot construe it for gentle-
men.
Mr. HAMPTON. I ask for the reading of my
amendment.
Objection was made; but
Mr. H. stated that its object was to equalize the
donations of lands to all of the said institutions
throughout the United States.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded—ayes 79, noes 52,
And the mam question was ordered tobenpwput;
being first on the amendment of Mr. McClernand
to insert the words " or may hereafter be."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution as amended—
Mr. BURT moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were asked and ordered upon the ques-
tion of ordering the yeas and nays, and Messis.
Hunter and Venable were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 21—not one-fifth.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and was decided in the negative.
The question recurring on the resolution, as
artiended— •
Mr. PARKER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call—
Mr. JOHN A. KING. Before the yeas and
nays are taken, have 1 the right to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union?
The SPEAKER. A gentleman has responded
to his name. It is too late to make any motion
until the roll has been called.
And the question, "Shall the resolution be
adopted?" was taken, and decided m the affirma-
tive—yeas 141, nays 42; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alhettson, -Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
A-hmun, Biiv, Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bi-.se!!, Booth,
Bowie, Bowliri, Rreck, Brisrg*, Albert G. Brnvvn, Buel,
Barrows, Chester Butler,Thomas B. Butler, £. Carrmgton
Cabell, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
Ol.trke, Olm^uirm, W. It. W. Cobb, Cole, Conrad. Oorwin,
Crowd!, D«b«rry, Dmimick, Disney, Dixou, Doty^ Duncan,
Dunham, Dutkee, Nathan Evans, Evving, Fitch, Fowler,
Fre«*dley, Fuller, Gilmore, G<>u, Gould, Green, Grinnell,
H.ill, Hallowav, Hampton, Harlan,ThomasL. Harris, Hay,
Haymond, Hebard, H^nry, Hdhard, Hoasland, Howard,
Howe, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Jones Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. King, Gi-onje
G. King, James G. Kin!, John A. King, Lefflei, Litllefield,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, JVIattesorr,
McClernand, MoKis^ock, McLanahan Robert M. McLane,
Fmi  E- McLean, Meacliam, Moore, Morris, Morton,
N -Ison, Oile, Old-?, Otis, Outlaw, Peck, Vhoerux, Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Ret>d, Reynolds, Risley, Robhins, Robinson,
Rockwell, Root. Ros , Ross, Rumsey, Sawtelle, cSchcrnier-
ho.ri, Schoolcraft, rihepnerd, Silvester, Spauidin?, Stanly,
Ff'dmck P. Stanton. Alexander H. Stephens, Thatldeus
Steven*, Sweeper, Taylor, James Thompson, Wilih-un
Thompson, Thummn, Tuck, Underbill, V.m Dyke, Vmtnn,
Wa!d<m, Waldo, Walking, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey,
Wildtick. Williams, Wihnot, Winthrop, Wood, and
Young—141.
NAYS—Me-ers. A«he, Averetf, Bayly, Boeoek, Bovd,
Burt, Genre*4 A. Caldwell, Colcock, Conger, Daniel, Ed-
taundson, Haralson, isham G. Harris, Hibburd, Holladay,
Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Preston King, La S&re,
McDowell, McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Mhllson, Oir,
Parker, Powtll, Sacketi, Savaye, Seddon, Richard Ii.
d'aitton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, and Woodward—42.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MeCLERNAND moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the resolution had been
adopted and that that motion be laid upon the
tabie.
Ordered, accordingly.
THE SURPLUS EUND.
Mr. SWEETSERasked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Resolved, That a special committee of five members of
thi  House be, and the same are hereby appointed, with
power to examine and ascertain whether the Secretary of
the Treasury has not used or appropriated a large amount
of money trom the surplus fund, without authority ot law,
which had accumulated to s.ud fund under the provisions
ot the act of Congress of 1795, from appropriations nif*d<' for
the Florida Indians, and for other purposes., under various
specific appropriations made by Congress Miiee 183J, and
that said committee have power to send lor persons and
papeis.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. SWEETSER said I have reason to be-
lieve that the charges 
The SPEAKER said no remarks were in order.
Mr. CASEY objected to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, to enable him to introduce
the resolution.
And, two-thirds having voted in the affirmative,
the rules were suspended.
The resolution being thus before the House, and
the question being on the adoption thereof.
Mr. SWEETSER said, 1 have rea^m to be-
lieve from authority which 1 cannot question 
Mr. S. broke off' in the midst of the sentence,
apparently in compliance with the suggestions of
gentlemen near him, and said,
i call the previous question.
There was a second. The main question (on
the adoption of the resolution) was ordered, and
having been taken, was decided in the aiftrmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JOHN A. KINGS- moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. DOX'Y. I move to amend the motion by
adding certain instructions, which I now send to
the Chair, the object of which is to provide for
the discharge of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union from the further considera-
tion of the subject now before them.
The instructions were read by the Clerk, as
follow:
That the committee be instructed to report, when it rises
after its next fitting, to the House the President's message
liaiiMhiuing the constitution ol the State ol California, and
also the following bill to admit the State of California into
the Union ; and after s<tid report, that said committee be
discharged from the further coiouleiation ot said mi saage.
Whereas, The people ol California have lormed lor them-
selves a constitution and Slate government, and applied lor
admission into the Union as a State ; and whereas, tne said
constitution has been officially communicated to Congress,
and 1? republican ; therefore—
Be it enacted fnj the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Uhited States oj America in Congress assembled, Tn<tt
the Slate of California, with the boundaries descr.bed in the
sard constitution, Miali be one, and is hereby declared to be
one, ot the United State* ot America, arid admitted into the
Union on an equal tooting with the original States in all
respects whatever.
Sec. -2. dnd be it further enacted, Tiiat the said State of
California shall never inte.rt'ere wi;h the primary disposal of
the soil within the same by the United States, nor with any
regulations Congress may make lor securing the title in sucn
soil to bona fide puichasers thereof; and no tax shall be im-
posed on lands, the property of the United Slates; which
said provisions are hereby declared to be fundamental con-
ditions upon which the said State is admitted into the
Union.
Sec. 3. JlnJ be it. further enacted, That until the next
general apportionment of members ot the House of Repre-
sentatives, shall be made, the said State shall be entitled to
two Representatives in the suid House; and the Senator^
and Representatives who have been elected by the said
Ctate as its representatives iri the Congress ot the United
States, shall be entitled to take their seats m the Senate and
House of Representatives respectively, without further
delay.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. J. A. KING, (to the Chair.) Can I accept
the amendment as a mollification ol my motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesitation
in deciding that the amendment is not in order;
and the Chair will state the grounds upon which
this decision is made. The motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is, under the rules of the House, a privileged mo-
tion. The gentleman fioia W isconsin [Mr. Doty]
proposes to amend the motion of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, by adding
a provision which does not come within the rule
of privilege. Theiefore, the Chair rules that the
amendment is out of order.
Mr. DOTY. 1 call for the reading of the 136th rule.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
the House do now adjourn.
[Cries, Oh ! let the rule be read.J
Mr. STANTON did not persist in his motion.
The rule was then read, as follows:
" No standing rule or ordur of the House shall be re-
scinded or changed without one day's notice beinit given of
the motion therefor; nor sluill any lule he suspended ex-
cept by a vole of at least two-tinrdso' ilie memher  present;
nor shall the order of business as established by the rule?, be
postponed or changed, exceptby a vote of at leasi two-lhirdd
ot the members piesent. The House may, at any time, by
a vote of a majority ot the members present, suspend the
rules and ord^r* tor the purpose of going into Committee of
file Whole on the stale of the Union; anil also tor providing
for the discharge of the Committee ot the Wnole House,
and ol the Committee of the Whole on the stale ot the
Union, from the further consideration of any bill referred to
it, alter acting without debate on all amendments pending,,
and that may be offered."
The rule having been read—
The SPEAKER- said, the rule which has
been read is perfectly familiar to the Chair, as it
doubtless is to most of the members of the House,
and the additional rule since adopted has received
a uniform construction. A fesolution has been
adopted by the House in conformity to that rule,
and to the uniform construction which has been
given t'j it, and to the practice under it, termi-
nating debate on the special message of the Presi-
dent of the United States relating to California.
But the Chair understands the motion of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] as going be-
yond the provision of the rule, and, therefore, out
of order.
Mi*. WENTWORTH. Is it not in order for
the House to instruct the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to report a bill to the
House r
The SPEAKER. In reply to the inquiry of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] the
Chair will state that the House has the power
to instruct the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to report a bill. On that point
there can be no doubt. But in order to bring such
a motion before the House, it is requisite to move
a suspension ot the rules. The motion now pend-
ing to go into Committee of the Whole on the
slate ot the Union is a privileged motion by the
rule; and the gentleman cannot add to that, by
way of amendment, anything that is not privi-
leged also. If the House had suspended the rules,
the gentleman might then introduce a resolution
instructing the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to report the bill—but it cannot
be done as a privileged question.
Mr. PRESTON KING suggested that the rule
put the two cases precisely on the same footing.
This was a motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That is true. It is a mo-
tion to suspend the rulesj and there would be no
difficulty in receiving a motion to suspend the
rules for the purpose of entertaining the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty.]
But the motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is made a privileged
question, requiring only a vote of a majority. The
motion to suspenu the rules to entertain the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin would re-
quire a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. PRESTON KING said, that the 136th rule
which had been read, expressly provided that a
majority might discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of any bill.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule under which
a resolution was adopted terminating debate. It
was introduced for that purpose, and the commit-
tee is now acting under that order on the Califor-
nia message.
Mr, KING. The motion, under which the com-
mittee is acting, to terminate debate, was made in
order without any suspension of the rules.
