1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The motion was made under
One of (he provisions of that very rule.
Mr. HALL said, that the 136th rule, which had
been read, applied only to b ll«3 which had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union by the House; .and he desired to be
informed by the Speaker whether this bill had
been so referred ?
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
would be the same in either case.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Hasan appeal
been taken from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that any appeal has been taken.
Mr. DOTY. I appeal from the decision. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin appeals. The question, therefore, is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House i"
Mr. DOTY. I desire to state that I base my
appeal on that portion of the 136th rule which
provides that the House may discharge the com-
mittee from the further consideration of any bill
referred to it. It is on that ground, as I conceive,
that the motion is in order, and I hope the House
Will sustain me.
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia, said, that what
the gentleman from Wiscorsin [Mr. Doty] de-
sired might be attained m another way, but not
in the manner he proposed. His proposition, as
he made it, was clearly out of order, and the de-
cision of the Chair was certainly right. The object
of the gentleman seemed to be to get an order of
the House directing the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to report a particular
measure, but this could not be done without a
suspension of the rules, which would require a
two-thirds vote. This would appear from two
considerations. The rule that the gentleman had
just read applied only to stopping debate m com-
mittee, and discharging thew committee from the
further consideration of a subject, it did not
apply to giving instructions to the committee as to
the subject of their action, it is true that a ma-
jority of the House may instruct any one of the
standing committees of the House to do a particu-
lar thing, or to report a particular measure, pro-
vided such instructions be moved m order; but
such a motion is not now in order, for it is not
resolution day, ami if it was, the gentleman's
State has not been called. A motion, therefore,
to instruct any committee in the House to report
the bill mentioned could not be entertained at this
time without a suspension of the rules. The same
principle would apply to a resolution instructing
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GREEN said, he desired to submit this fact
to the consideration of the committee.>lhat the rule
did authorize any member, as a privileged motion,
to move to close debate on a subject-matter pend-
ing before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. That motion had been heretofore
made as a privileged motion, and had been sus-
tained by the House. A motion had now been
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. J. A.
King,] that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. Was
that motion amendable? He (Mr- G.) submitted
that it was not amendable under any circumstan-
ces. It was that kind of a motion which was not
susceptible of amendment. Even if it weie in
order to amend it, if the House had the right to
entertain the motion to amend a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doty] would not be m order as a privileged
motion, for this reason: the House, as a privileged
motion, could enteitam no amendment which
would not be in order as an original, independent
proposition. If not in order, then, as an original,
independent proposition, it could not be in order
as an amendment to a privileged motion. Was
this amendment a privileged motion? He an-
swered, clearly not. But the gentleman from
Wisconsin had, in his own mind, confounded the
two things together as privileged motions. The
House would understand the diffeience between
the two propositions. The House had a right to
order, as a privileged motion, that debate should
cease. The House had the right to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the consideration of a subject-matter before it.
But the latter had not been done, and could not be
done, as a privileged motion. It might be done as
a motion, but it must be done in order upon reso-
lution day, or under a motion to suspend the rules.
The House had determined that debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
should cease. Debate had ceased. What, then,
followed? That the committee should report the
bill? No. The rule said m express terms, "after
having acted on all amendments pending, and that
may be offered." Hence,"the motion which closed
the debate, and which was received as a privileged
motion, could only, under the rule, be followed by
the discharge of the commutee after all amend-
ments pending, or that might be offered, should
have been acted upon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am so clearly satisfied
that the decision of the Chair 13 right, that 1 cannot
regard it as a debatable question, i move that the
appeal be laid upon the tabie.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman from .North Carolina [Mr. Clingman]
oblige me by withdrawing the motion tor a lew
moments ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so with great
pleasure, it the gentleman wiil renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 will do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN withdrew the motion.
So the motion to lay the appeal on the Cable was
withdrawn.
And the question recurring on the appeal—
Mr. STEPHENS, ot Georgia, said, there was
another consideration in addition to that which
he had already suggested, which showed that
the motion ot the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doty] was out ot order. Even if this was
resolution day, and the gentleman's State bad
been called, and he had the iioor, though m that
cas^ it would be perfectly in order to move and
carry, by a majority vote, a resolution instructing
one of the standing committees of the House to
report a particular measure, yet it would not then
be in oider to move and carry, by a majority vote,
a resolution instructing the Conmuuee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to report a sim-
ilar measure; for, by the 134th rule ot the House,
the oider of doing business in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, is pointed out;
and, by another express rule oi the House, any
member in the Committee of the Whole has a
right to move an amendment to any proposition
pending, and to speak five minutes to his amend-
ment. That is a part of the organic law oi the
House, and it cannot be changed by a bare ma-
jority vote. That rule of the House, governing
the proceedings of the Committee of the Whole
on the state ot the Union, could not be suspended
but by a vote of two-thirds of the Hoube on a
motion to suspend the rules of the House.
Mr. S. said, he trusted the gentleman himself
saw the point. His motion, as a distinct piopoat-
tion, would not be in oider at tins tune if applied
to any one of the standing committees, the pro-
ceedings of winch arc not regulated by express
rules of the House; and not oeing in order as a
distinct proposition, it cannot be entertained as an
"amendment to another proposition. And much
leiss is it in order, us it pioposes to impose a duty
upon the Committee of Lhe Whole on the state of
the Union, whicn will require them to disregard
several ot the standing rules of the House; those
ruies can only be dispensed with by a suspension
of the ruies, and that requires' a majoiity or two-
thirds. The only way the gentleman -tan pro-
ceed, in order, to obtain his object, is to move a
suspension of the rules to enable inm to offer his
resolutions of msti uctions.
Mr. WiNl'HRUP was understood to say, that
he did not use to enter into debate, but simply to
bear his testimony, that the decision of the Chair
was entirely uniform with the action of the House
under the iule,and with the construction w hicn had
been given to it since its adoption, and entnely in
confoimity with the consuuction given to it during
the two years ot his own administration of the du-
ties of tlic Chair. He believed the decision to be
right, and it was his intention to sustain it.
Mr. PRESTON KiNur read that poition of the
136:h rule, which provides that the House kt may,
at any time, by a vote of a majority oi the members
present, suspend the rules and otders, for the pur-
pose of going into Committee ot the Whole on the
state of the Union, and also for providing for the
discharge of lhe Committee of the Whole House,
and the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, from the further consideration of any bill
refered to it, after acting without debate on all
amendments pending, and that my be offered."
Now, he would ask the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, {Mr. WjnthropJ who had stated that
the uniform action of the House had been in con-
formity with the decision of the Chair, whether,
in the whole course of his experience here, he [Mr.
W.] had ever known such a motion or decision ?
Mr. WfNTHROP. I am entirely certain that
no such motion ever could have been ifaade in or-
der, and, therefore, I presume it never has been
made.
Mr. KING. Then it seems that there is no
practice on the subject. An extraordinary condi-
tion of things exists here at the present time; and
the rule, in terms, makes provision by which the
control of its business is given to the House. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wikthrop}
says that the practice of the House hasalwajs
been in conformity with the decision of the Chair;
and now it seems that there is no such practice. I
have never known the action of the House re-
sisted as it has been in the present case, and this
motion to am6nd was made to meet the case.
Mr. INGE. It cannot be necessary to debate
this matter further. 1 move that the appeal b,e laid
upon the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROOT appealed to the gentleman from Ala-
bama to withdraw the moiion.
Mr. DOTY. Upon the opinion which has been
expressed by the older members of the House, I
feel myself justified in withdrawing the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The appeal being withdrawn,
the question recurs on the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. John A. King,] to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I renew the appeal.
Mr. INGE. X renew the motion to lay the ap-
peal on the table.
Mr. PRESTON KING. Understanding that
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] desires
some other motion to be made, 1 withdraw the
appeal.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Understanding that the
question now recurs upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. John A. King,] if
the gentleman will withdraw that motion 1 will
move, as a substantial proposition, the instructions
which have just been moved as an amendment by
the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. JOHN A. KING. Have 1 the right to
withdraw the motion?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. KING withdrew the motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now move that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be instructed in accordance with the amendment
moved by the gentleman from Wisconsin to the
motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. JONES objected to the reception o? the
motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to suspend the
rule for its reception.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Would not a
motion to suspend the rules to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union take prece-
dence?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man Irom Illinois is a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a question of order. He
made the point that it was not competent for the
| House, by a suspension of the rules, to change
one of its standing rules and orders. One of the
- standing rules and oiders was, that in Committee
; of the Whole on the state of the Union, business
i should proceed in a particular way, that they
! should vote on all amendments which might be of-
i fered, that members offering amendments should
j be allowed five minutes for their explanation, dec.
i This was the law of the House, as well as of
! the committee; it was the ri^ht of the members of
j this House, and it was incompetent, he held, for
the Chair to put the motion which the gentleman
from Illinois made, because a motion to alter the
standing rules and orders of the House of Repre-
sentatives cannot be made without one day's no-
tice being given.
Mr. McLANE. I rose-to the same point, and
I call the attention of the Chair to the fir&l three
lines of the rule, under which the gentleman from
Illinois claims his right to make this motion:
