1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. KA.UFMAN moved to amend it by striking
out the words " indefinite postponement," and in-
serting the words " until the next vote," so that the
motion should read " that the further execution of
the order be postponed until the next vote."
The SPEAKER said that under the rules -of the
House two motions to postpone were in order—
a motion to postpone to a day certain, and amo-
tion to postpone indefinitely. In the opinion of the
Chair the motion of the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Kaufman] was not in order. The question
was on the mouon to postpone indefinitely.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the motion so as to postpone the execution
of the order to Saturday next.
Mr. BAKER said he would accept the amend-
ment as a modification of his own motion.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman might
accept, by withdrawing his own motion, and sub-
stituting for it a motion to postpone to a day cer-
tain; which latter motion would take precedence
of a motion to postpone indefinitely.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired whether his amend-
ment was in order ?
The SPEAKER said, in the opinion of the
Chair, the amendment of the gentleman from Tex-
as, [Mr. Kaufman,] for the reasons already stated,
was not in order.
Mr. HOLMES moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Butlrr, by striking out " Saturday,'' and
inserting "Friday," [i e. to-morrow.]
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Butler,] takes prece-
dence. Thegentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] can make his motion after the other has
been decided.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Butler, and decided in the negative, without
a division.
So the House refused to postpone the further
execution of the order to Saturday next.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, then moved
to postpone to Saturday week.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, without a division.
So the House refused to postpone further action
on the execution of the order until Saturday week.
The SPEAKER. The tellers wil! resume their
seats.
Mr. MORSE moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, on his
own motion, was excused from further service as i
a teller, to count the votes. i
Mr. BOWLIN was appointed in his stead. I
'Mr. CROWELL,on his own motion, was ex-
cused from further service as a teller.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, was appointed in his
stead.
Mr."STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose, and sub-
mitted to the Speaker, as a question of order,
whether the report of the Committee on Rules
which had been made the special order for this day
did not take precedence ov.er other business?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of* the Chair,
it does not take precedence.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the further ex-
ecution of the order be postponed, and that the
House proceed to the consideration of the special
order of the day, (the report of the Committee on
Rules.)
The question -was taken, and decided in the
negative, without a division.
So the House refused to postpone.
Mr.^BAKER now rose to inquire whether any
vote had been taken on his motion for indefinite
postponement.
The SPEAKER said he understood the gentle-
man to have withdrawn that motion. No vote
had, consequently, been taken upon it.
Mr. BAKER said he would beg leave to re-
mark that the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Butler] was an independent mo-
tion. He (Mr. Baker) had inquired of the
Speaker whether he could accept the motion, and
had understood the Chair to say not, because it
was an independent motion.
The SPEAKER said, there was no difficulty m
the case. If the gentleman did not withdraw the j
motion, the question could now be taken upon it; '
or the gentleman could renew the motion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Baker,and decided in the negative, without a
division.
So the House decided that further action on the
order relating to the election of officers should not
be postponed indefinitely.
The roll was then called the seventeenth time.
The tellers reported that 218 votes had been given;
necessary to a choice 110 ; of which
Mr. Forney received ,*93
Mr. Frindle   .63
Mr. Campbell 29
Mr. French..... 18
Mr. Fisher   9
Mr. Phileo 3
Mr. Foot 2
Mr. Gouverneur   I
* 218
The following is the vote in detail, viz :
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, .Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Buel, Burt, George A. Caldwell,
Cleveland, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Dim-
mtck, Di-«npy, Doty, Dunham, Rdmund-'on, Swing, Feath-
erston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green,
Hickett, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Isham G.
Harris, Samp-son W. Harris, Thomas Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Holliday, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La S£re, Litile-
fielil, Job Mann, Mason, McCfernand, McDowell, McLana-
han, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Mc Willie,
Meade, Miller, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Stetson, Strong. Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Wal-
dcm, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Woodward, and Young.
Foi Mr. Prindle—Messrs, Alexander, Andrews, A&hmiin,
Bennett, Bokec, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas
B Butler, Chandbei, Clark, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Convin,
Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Fowlei, Freedley,
Giddmgs, Goodenow, Cott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Hunter, D. P. King. G. G. King, J G. King,
J. A. King, Hoi ace Mann, Mattesori. Mclussock, Meacham,
Nelson, Newell, Phoenix, Putnam, Reynolds, Rtsley, Rce,
Ramsey, Faekett, Schenck, Sehermerhoin, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Undeihtll, Vmton, White,
and Winthrop.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Baker,
Bowie, Breek, Bnggs, E. G. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Peberry,
N. Evans, Gentry, Havmond, Henry, Hilliard, Howe, J. L.
Johnson, Kerr, Marshall, Morehead, Morton, Otis, Outlaw,
Owen. Shepperd, A. H. Stephens, Toombs, Watkins, and
Whltams.
For Mr. French—Messrs. Bingham, W. J Biown. J
Cable, Cunpbell, Carter, Crowell, Gorman, Harlan, Julian,
Leffler, McDonald, Mt Gaughey, Morris, Root, Tuck, Whit-
tlesey, Wilson, and Wood.
For Mr. Phileo—Messrs. Durkee, P. King, and Wilmot.
For Mr. Fisher—Mews. Calvin, Houston. Ogle, Pitman,
Rockwell, Moore, Casey, Reed, and N. Evans.
For Mr. Foot—Messrs. Allen and'Hebard.
For Mr. Gouverneur—Mr. Holmes.
No choice.
Mr. RICHARDSON* moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. MA-SCTN asked Mr. R. to withdraw the
motion, to allow him (Mr. M.) to offer (he said)
a proposition of compromise.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew the motion.
Mr. MASON sent his resolution to the Clerk's
table, remarking, that he moved the previousques-
tion, and asked the yeas and nays. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] asks the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That byway of comptomUc, John W. Forney
be, and he js hereby, declared to be Clerk of' the House of
Representatives for this Congress.
The resolution was greeted with laughter from
both sides of the House.
Objections were made.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. WILLIAMS renewed the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the affirmative, the House adjourned.
On the 7th instant Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennes-
see, gave notice that he would ask leave to intro-
duce " A bill to provide a <Homestead ' of one hun-
dred and sixty afcres of the publip domain for
every man who is the head of a family and a citi-
zen of the United States, or any widow who is the
mother of a minor child or children, provided they
become permanent occupants and cultivators of the
soiL"
The following notices for leave to introduce bills
were handed in to-day, viz:
By Mr. BOWLIN; A bill relinquishing to the
City of St, Louis Quarantine Island, and all vacant
unoccupied lands within her corporate limits.
By Mr. ASHE: A bill to facilitate the recovery
of fugitive slaves.
By Mr. BOWIE; A bill entitled "An act to
renew and continue in force the charter of the Po-
tomac Insurance Company of Georgetown."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented-under
the rule, and referred:
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Elias Skul and 74
other citizens ol Crawford county, Pa., asking for the es-
tablishment of a po^t route from Sugavtown to Coneaut-
ville, in said county. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Joseph G. Dale and 71 others, citi-
zens of the counties of Venango and Clarion, Pennsylvania,
asking for the establishment of a post route from Clarion, in
the county of CUrion, to Tionesta, in the county of Venan-
go. Referred to the Committee on the Po«t Office and Post
Roads.
AI<o, the petition of James Kerr and 49 others, citizens of
the county of Clarion, Pennsylvania, asking for a change of
the present tariff'iaws,and increase of duties on foreign im-
portations. Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, the petition of Richard Shippen and 47 other citi-
zens or Clarion county, Pennsylvania, asking for a change
of the present tariff laws, and increase of duties on foreign
importations. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Also, the petition of Joseph Bert and 4$. others, citizens
of the same county, and of hke import. Referred to the
same committee.
By Mr. SJTANTON, of Tennessee : The memorial of citi-
zens of^Memphis, for the repair of the dam in the Ohio
river at Cumberland Island. Referred to the Committee on
Coiuirif ice.
By Mr. HARRIS, of fllinoi<?: The petition of Sylvester
Emmons and 56 other citizens of Cass county, Illinois, fora
mail loutefrom Spnnsfu Id, via Petersburg, to Beardbtown,
Illinois. Referred iotthe Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of John Collins, for pay as boatswain
of the United Stdtes shipCjane.
RyMi UTSIiEY: The petition of C. R. Leland and other
citizens of Chatitanque county, New York, prajmg Con-
gress to grant an appropriation for tbe improvement of the
harbor at Uie mouth of Cattaraugus creek. Referred to tbe
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : The petition of the heirs of Robert
Henry Dyer, deceased, late of Madison county, Tennessee,
for a pension
Also, the petition of James Somers, of Weakly county,
Tcnn<'s«ee, foi arrears of pension. Which petitions weie
referred to the "Committee on Invalid Pensions.
AKo, the petition of John II. B Rolls, of Gibson county,
Tennessee, foi compensation for ahorse and saddle, which
\v<is converted to the public service during the Florida war.
Also, the petition of T.K.Hill, of Gibson county, Tennes-
see, for compensation for his services as a surgeon in the
late war with Mexico.
Also, the petition of Joel Henry Dyer, of Madison county,
Tennessee, for remuneration for his services as Judge Ad-
vocate of a regiment of volunteers in the Floiida war.
Which petitions were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. ' ^ ^
I>y Mr. STETSON: The petition of Matthew S. Randall
and thirty-nine other citizens of Bangor,for reduction of
postage. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition and accompanying papers
of Israel Johnson, oflndmna, for compensation for serviecs
rendered the Miami Indians and certain Government offi-
cers, at the ie<jue&t of the latter. Referred to tiie Committee
on Indian Affaiis.
I3y Mr, VVATICfNS : The petition of John F. Robertson,
of Sevier county, Tennessee, for a pension, on account of
wounds received in the service of the United States. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition of citizens of Jefferson county, Tennes-
see, for the abolition of the office of chaplaincy of Congress.
Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Aloo, the petition of Robert James, of Blount county,
Tennessee, for leave to import certain machinery free of
duty. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Joseph Richards, of
Beiks countv, Pennsylvania, praying that a land warrant
may be issued to him,* in lieu of one issued to Henry Hutch-
inson. Referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
The petition and papers of Mr. Campfield Averill were
taken from the Clerk's files and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 10, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, con-
taining a statement of the,appropriations and ex-
penditures for the service of that Department
durin? the year ending 30th June, 1°49-
\lso a report from the Secretary of War, With
statements of expenditures for contingencies of the
various offices and bureaus of that Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1849.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was ordered
that they lie on the table and be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Eleanor
