132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
Ann Shaw, heir of Pelatiah Fitch, asking indem-
nity for spoliations by the French prior to 1800;
which was ordered to be referred to the select
committee on that subject.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of John
O. Hfirra, the heir of Daniel O. Harra, late of
Charleston, South Carolina, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800.
Also, the memorial of Charles Evans and others,
askit'g remuneration for losses occasioned by the
operations of the American army in West Florida
in 1814; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. CLARKE presented the memorial of Ben-
jamin In orris and others, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on that subject.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
legal representatives of John R. Shaw, asking to
be indemnified for losses of certain private stores
on board the Essex at the'time of her capture by
the British squadron during the war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
I^aval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of Mary Farrer, asking a pension for the
services of her husband as a chaplain during the
war of the Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition and pa-
pers of Conrad W. Faber and Leopold Bieswiith,
m relation to the war steamer United States; which
were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of a num-
ber of citizens of Walnut Hills, Hamilton county,
Ohio, asking that all international difficulties may
be settled without resort to war; which was re-
. ferredto the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of Owen
Connelly, asking remuneration for services and
injuries sustained while in the employment of the
Government at the Capitol; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Missouri, asking
a donation of land for the improvement of the
Osage river.
Also, from the same, calling the attention of
Congress to the propriety of making appropri
ations of land to reclaim the inundated region in
the southeast part of Missouri and the northeast
part of Arkansas. The General Assembly re-
quests that the public lands for six miles on each
Bide of the contemplated canal, (the New Madrid
and Stoddart Canal Company,) in the counties of
New Madrid and Stoddart, may be donated by
Congress to said canal company; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of the
late and present registers and receivers of ihe Uni-
ted States land office at Fort Wayne, Indiana,
asking to be allowed a commission for the entry
of military bounty land warrants; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of the
late and present registers and receivers of the land
office at Batesville, Arkansas, asking to be allowed
a commission on the entry of military bounty land
■warrants; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Jonathan Lewis, asking
remuneration for losses sustained through depreda-
tions committed on his property by certain Chero-
kee Indians; which, with all the papers relating to
the same, were referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of John
Dawson, of Sangamon county, Illinois, asking
compensation for his services as pension agent;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of H.
M. Breckenridge, asking a re-transfer of twenty
acres, including his Orange Grove, embraced in
certain lands containing live-oak timber which had
been sold by him to the United States; whtehwas
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of F. W.
Brune, acting executor of B. J. Yon Kapff, last
surviving trustee of R. C. Boislandry, and as at-
torney of Eleanor Clarke, administratrix of Am-
brose Clarke, asking indemnity for French spolia-
tions prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee on that subject.
Mr. SPRUANCE presented a memorial of mer-
chants and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, ask-
ing an appropriation for the construction of a
harbor at Reedy Island, in the river Delaware;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
JEWELS OF THE PRINCE OF ORANGE.
Mr. CLAY. I hold in my hand and ffave been
requested to present to the Senate,,the petition of
William Seeley, of the city ofNew York.
Some twenty years ago the Prince and Princess
of Orange lost from the palace in Brussels, belong-
ing to the Government of Belgium, a large sum in
value of crown jewels and some of the personal
jewels of the princess. No trace for a long time
could be discovered of the thief; but, at length,
conjecture led to the belief that he had fled to the
United States; and the Government of Holland,
represented at that time by the Chevalier D'Huy-
gen, applied to the Government of the United
States for assistance in recovering the lost property
of the Crown, and in obtaining possession of the
culprit. The Government of the United States
accordingly gave instructions to its public officers
to render any assistance they might be able in re-
covering theproperty which had been lost,amount-
ing in value to upwards of a million of dollars.
Some traces of the thief were discovered in New
York; and at this stage of the business Mr. See-
ley, a professional gentleman—a lawyer of emi-
nence, engaged in a lucrative practice affording
him annually some ten or twelve thousand dollars
—was applied to to aid in recovering this lost
property. Mr. Seeley abandoned the pursuit of
his profession and engaged in that object. He
dedicated nearly three years of his life to its ac-
complishment. The result was the recovery of
almost all the jewels, the detection and arrest of
the thief; and he wa3, by some means or other,
sent back to Europe. The subject became one of
great interest to the Prince and Princess of Orange,
in consequence of intimations having been made
to the piejudice of the Prince—I dare say without
foundation. He was known to be in embarrassed
circumstances at the time, and the intimation was
made that he had purloined the jewels of which
he was in pursuit; an intimation, according to the
result, wholly unfounded. Mr. Seeley, however,
employed his utmost exertions to succeed in the
engagement into which he had entered. Well, sir,
the jewels were restored, as I remarked, and the
culprit arrested; and from that time to this, this
gentleman has been in vain endeavoring to obtain
from the Government of Holland, an adequate in-
demnity for the services, and, allow me to add, the
success" which attended his exertions. The aid of
the Executive of this Government having been in-
voked in the first instance, for the recovery of this
property, Mr. Seeley first applied to them. Appli-
cation was made to Holland, but they were unwill-
ing to make what he deemed to be an adequate
compensation, or even to refer the matter to arbi-
tration so as to ascertain what would be a just
amount of compensation. In this stage of the
business he has again appealed to the Executive of
this Government. We owe, in consequence of the
assumption of the debt due from a portion of the
District of Columbia—either Washington city, or
perhaps Georgetown, I am not certain which—a
large debt to Holland, for the interest of which
appropriations are annually made in the general
appropriation bill. It has been suggested to Mr.
Seely,and it is a course that has been recommended
by the late as well as the present Secretary of State,
that he should apply to Congress; that they should
investigate the case, and that if they were satisfied
of its justice, since he cannot obtain what he ought
to receive from the foreign Government, as we
have the means of his indemnity within our own
hands, we should withhold a sum sufficient to sat-
isfy his just claim. Mr. Seeley has presented the
petition which I hold in my hand, containing a
most ample, full, and satisfactory narrative of the
case from the beginning to the end, and has forti-
fied his application by an appeal to numerous sat-
isfactory authorities to show that in similar cases
the Government of a country, of which the peti-
tioner is a subject or a citizen, will apply all the
means in its power to see that justice is done, al-
though the general rule is, that when a man con-
tracts with a foreign Government, he must depend
on the good faith of that Government for the satis-
faction of his claims ; but there are exceptions to
the general rule, of which this appears to me to be
one. This petition ought more properly to go to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; but, as the
Committee on Finance has the subject of appro-
priations before them, it has been suggested that
the subject embraced in this petition should be re-
ferred to that committee. I move that the reading
of the petition be dispensed with, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance, and I ask
also that this petition be printed. It is long ami
voluminous, but it will be found to be highly in-
teresting. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. KING. As this petition is not to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, I will
say but a few words. I do not know in the his-
tory of our Government of a solitary case where
an individual has contracted with a foreign Gov-
ernment for any purpose whatever, and has come
to Congress to procure an indemnity for a loss by
such contract. I understand this case very well.
This individual, Mr. Seeley, was employed at his
own instance to hunt out and ascertain, if possible,
who was the purloiner of the Crown jewels of
Holland. Avery great interest was felt on the
subject, because it was intimated that the Prince of
Holland had himself purloined them and gambled
them away.
This individual, expecting to receive no doubt
a large sum if he was successful in securing the
thief and the jewels here, devoted himself entirely
for a long time to that object, and was in part suc-
cessful. The thief was'found, and was sent to
Holland and punished capitally there. This indi-
vidual, then, in pursuance of his contract, and
not-having stipulated for any particular amount,
went to Holland to get the compensation which he
supposed a liberal Government and a grateful
Prince would afford for the-services rendered. He
was offered a pitiful sum, which he declined. In
this state of the case, our Government instructed
the Charge to make as strong representations as
possible to the justice, equity, and good faith of
Holland, to induce them to make a proper com-
pensation. The effort failed; and now the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky introduces a memo-
rial—to do what? To take money, not from the
Government of Holland, but the money of private
individuals who have loaned it to us in good faith,
and with the just anticipation of receiving the in-
terest upon it, to pay a debt, if you please, of
Holland. I make thesestatements that theSenate
may know the true state of the case.
Mr. CLAY. I have no doubt that the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. King] has laid down the gen-
eral principles of the law of nations correctly: that
! is to say, if an individual chooses to confide in the
faith of a foreign Government, and to makea'con-
tract with them, he is bound, as a general rule, to
look to the honor and good faith of that Govern-
ment for the fulfillment of thatcontract. 1 stated
that to be the principle myself, when I was up be-
fore. But there may be, and there are exceptions
to that rule, as there are exceptions to almost every
rule of law; whether this is one or not is the matter
to be investigated. I think my friend from Ala-
bama, when he comes to look at the array of au-
thorities cited in this petition, will be disposed to
think that in this case the exception ought to be
made. If, as the Senator alleges, the debt is one
due to private subjects of Holland, why, perhaps,
it would not be right to take their property to
satisfy this claim; but I am inclined to believe tfiat
a portion of the debt belongs to the Government of
Holland. At all events, it is a matter fit to be in-
vestigated. Assuming that it does, can there be a
doubt that a case of this kind might exist, and that
it should meet with favorable consideration > Sup-
pose the Government of Holland had any property
in the United States or debts due it, that could be
reached by attachment or process of law: 1 think
there cannot be a question that Mr. Seeley would
have the right to go into a court of law and attach
such property', and secure the payment of his de-
mand, and thus transfer the question of what was
due to him from the Government of Holland to the
tribunals of his own country. But, inasmuch as
there is an appropriation annually made to pay the
interest on this public debt, or this private debt—I
do not know how it is, and it is a matter to be in-
vestigated by the committee—he cannot resort to
the process of an attachment, since the Govern-
ment of the United States cannot be made a party
to any such suit. It is for this reason, and in the
