136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
currency, and special privileges, command the entire assent
of my judgment. Bui I cannot, while boldly asserting their
principles in reference to thebe subjects, shrink from their
just application to slavery. I should feel guilty of shameful
dereliction of duty if I did. You know what multitudes
now sympathize with me, and how truly. It is this very
fidelity to democratic principles which makes u impossible
for them to compromise with slavery What tt melancholy
spectacle it would be to see the democratic paity embracing
defeat by such a compromise, and thus makins it necessary
for hundreds of thousands of the truest Democrats m the
land to choose between adhesion to party and adhesion to
principle!
The counsels of the Washington Union tend to fni*, and
in my judgment cannot be safely followed. I shall be very
glad to hear from you on this subject, and meanwhile re-
main, truly, your friend, S. P. CHASE.
J. G. Breslin, Esq.
Mpv BUTLER,. Now, sir, who are in favor of
union and who of disunion, according to the sen-
timents there expressed. The gentleman says it
makes a sectional party in the programme of his j
party organization. The basis of his party is to !
proscribe the South, or to presume on desertion
and treason. Its minority is the predicate of his
whole sage superstructure of party organization.
This is the emanation of the new-light politicians,
who would throw into the shade of their contrast
the statesmen who haVe preceded them. Those
who go over to them are of the true faith, whilst
those who adhere to their ancient privileges and
constitutional positions are called deserters. Sir,
the southern man who goes over on this question
will be regarded as a traitorous criminal, who has
given up his constituents for lucre. The South has
its peculiar institution, and it is the duty of her
representatives to defend it to the last extiemity—
it is the defence of our firesides. If I were to ap-
ply a meaning to the language used by the gentle-
men, it would be very different from that which
he has given. Oh, yes, these gentlemen who are
for taking care of our slaves, who express so much
sympathy for them, who are for universal eman-
cipation, and who cannot listen to any proposition
which falls short of what they in their visionary
conceptions suppose will eventuate in the freedom
of the whole human lace, when applied to on the
part of emancipated slaves, deny them soil upon
which to rest the soles of their feet. They preach
to the slave his right of rebellion against his mas-
ter. So long as he can hold out to him the means !
of running away, they are ready and willing to
countenance him; but when they become free, we
find on the part of those gentlemen a hostility
equal to the love they professed.
When John Randolph, a distinguished citizen
of Virginia—that State which gave to the gentle- j
man's State its existence, with that ordinance
which has been said to have been dictated by the
very spirit of freedom, whilst in consequcncc it
has been pregnant with mischief—Mr. Randolph
gave freedom to his slaves, imagining that they
would easily find a place of refuge in territory
made free by Virginia. And what was the fact? ,
They were driven out of Ohio at the point of the I
bayonet. But, sir, if they had gone into the State 1
as fugitives from their master, m violation of the
master's rights, they would readily have found a
home.
Mr. CHASE. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him as to a matter of fact? The eman-
cipated slaves of Mr. Randolph are, at this day,
living in Ohio. Ohio desires a homogeneous pop-
ulation, and does not desire a population of varied
character. But she drives no person from her ter-
ritory at the point of the bayonet or otherwise.
Mr. BUTLER. When the emancipated slaves
of Mr. Randolph first entered Ohio they were not
permitted to remain. There has been some alter-
ation made since, I believe, in the laws of Ohio.
Whether they are now in that State I cannot say.
I am merely stating an historical fact that they
were not allowed to remain upon first entering the
State. The gentleman cannot change the state of
the case by his assertion, and he need not attempt
to distort the facts, because I know the history to :
be as I have stated. Yes, sir, they have proposed
and voted for 
Mr. HUNTER. Will my friend allow me to
set him right in regard to this matter? I under-
stand that the executor of Mr. Randolph's estate
paid nine thousand dollars for'a farm for these
emancipated blacks in Ohio, and when they went
to take possession they were driven off by men
armed with guns and pistols, and never permitted
to settle upon the land that had thus been pur-
chased for them.
- Mr. BUTLER. I thank my friend for this
statement; it is a consuming refutation of what the
gentleman has asserted. They reached Ohio only
under the garb of being servants; they claimed
their civil rights by appearing to be slaves to those
who denounce slavery, &c. I believe that the
only way to be received favorably in Ohio is for a
man to represent himself as a runaway slave. In
their wondrous philanthropy they give them pro-
tection if they represent themselves as runaway
Slaves. But the gentleman from' Virginia has
given you the true history of this matter, and I do
not stand corrected by any explanation that the
gentleman from Ohio has given.
But I was about to allude to the views of gen-
tlemen in regard to California, and I shall have
occasion to speak of that hereafter. I have no
doubt they suppose that slaveholders are to be pro-
hibited from carrying their property there, and
perhaps that blacks will be excluded altogether.
I will put the question to those who propose this
sublime doctrine—I will put it to the gentleman
from New Hampshire, and I believe he is at least
candid, I will do him the justice to say this—if
the South send ten thousand slaves to-morrow to
a free State, with a view to make them free, shall
we not be permitted to do so? I do not believe
the gentleman can answer the question. There is
not, sir, a non-slaveholding State in the Union
that would receive our slaves if we chose to send
them there.
I myself have had an agency in sending some
free people of color to Ohio; and they were better
off under a tolerated existence in South Carolina,
where their rights would not have been invaded
by vulgar ribaldry, than in a situation in which
they feel all the effects of exclusion—where free-
dom is talked of and where privilege is denied—
where philanthropy in profession covers oppres-
sion.
It is the interference of these pseudo-philanthro--
pists which has prevented the masters and mis- ,
tresses of slaves from setting them free. We can- I
not do it now, sir, for we cannot send them into i
those States where the institution does not exist.
Nor can we, according to the doctrine of these gen-
tlemen, send them to California or New Mexico.
Why, sir, if they were to go into any free State,
do you suppose they would be tolerated? What
is to become of these people in favor of whom
there have been such sublime sermons preached,
whose condition is the subject of such sublime so-
licitude? Those gentlemen have taken the blacks
under their especial care. Baneful influences are
exerted over them to make them dissatisfied with
the condition in which they are placed, whilst
there is no substantial mode pointed out to better
their condition. The slave, under such influences,
is made a rebel against his master, only that he
may become an outcast and a pauper in the midst
of his professed friends, but in fact real enemies.
Incendiary publications are disseminated among
them, and with a view to seduce them from their
fidelity. Why, the very speeches which gentle-
men make on this floor, I pay for in part under
the post office arrangements in sending them to
my State, that they may be disseminated and read
by or to the blacks; those speeches by which they
are to be rendered dissatisfied with their condition.
I have no right to quote from the speech of an
honorable gentleman, who declared to me once
that you cannot better the condition of the slaves
as a mass, if the relation of master and slave could
be dissolved to-morrow. You cannot give them
the rights of freemen. The free States have re-
fused it. I speak of Pennsylvania particularly; I
do not know how far the remark will apply tp the
other States. You give them but the name of
freedom, but none of its fruits. The condition of
the slave could not be bettered. But the gentle-
man has denied that the free States are by clubs
and associations making efforts to affect the condi-
tion of the slave and his master. How do so
many printed pamphlets find their way in the
slave States ? How have these incendiary publi- ,
cations found their way into South Carolina? j
Bundles of them have been found in our post of-
fices. One individual has been indicted, but I for-
bear alluding to his case, as I would not control
the administration of justice.
But, sir, in the case alluded to, there is reason
to suppose that a combination has been formed to
produce a revolution in South Carolina on the
slave question. The pamphlets are now to be
found, with an aim that cannot be mistaken. They
are incendiary publications in every sense of the
word, and written from the worst of motives.
There is a gentleman (Mr. Babbit) who has gone
to South Carolina, and there was found in his pos-
session large quantities of pamphlets and other
documents, which were calculated to produce a
revolution in the South. He stated that he did
not design their dissemination, but there they are
in the post office, like a torch near a powder mag-
azine, at this day.
Mr. HALE. Were they addressed to whites
or blacks ?
Mr. BUTLER. They were addressed, I sup-
pose, to some of your whites—whites who think
like yourself. That is the best answer I can
make.
Mr. HALE. Then there are some persons of
my way of thinkinsrat the South.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, there are some who travel
from your part of the country, and who, having
been fostered by our hospitality, have basely taken
advantage of us, and committed treason against
our institutions. It is certain that these papers are
sent there with a view to be used. I do not know
whether Babbit is guilty or not. I shall make no
charge.
The gentleman has declared that he is not aware
that any persons are associated for the purpose of
sending these documents. Indeed, I am happy to
hear that he does not; but such documents are to
be found, and I am sorry to believe that some of
these documents have been actually written by
some of those persons who have removed from the
South to Ohio. That they do write such docu-
ments under the sanction of an association, I have
no hesitation in saying. The purpose and purport
of the whole thing is, these men travel about under
the ostensible calling of selling drugs, that these
mischievous documents shall be disseminated; and
I am sure the gentleman must regard them as mis-
chievous, if he believes what he says, for he says
that he is opposed to interference; and yet, sir>
there is interference continually.
I had no idea of taking up the time of the Sen-
ate; but when I saw the gentleman from Ohio rise
here in his place and preach harmony, and under
the garb of moderation to cloak his real feelings, I
could not refrain from making an exposure of his
true attitude to the issues involved in the discus-
sion.
I shall, not say here what the South will do. The
honor and interests of these States will be safe now
in their own keeping.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
do not know that I should have said anything
upon this occasion but for the fact that the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has made
several points, and announced them in connection
with the fact that he is about to be absent from the
Senate. His speech was quite in keeping, sir,
with many of the acts I have witnessed on the part
of that Senator. It was characteristic with him to
make a speech upon this subject just before he
was to leave the Senate, that he may avail himself
of it, as I suppose, in the region he is about to visit,
as food for agitation, and as evidence of his prow-
ess upon the floor. On this occasion, he has taken
as his theme the defence of the factory laborer—
the intellectual cultivation and excellent morality
of his constituents; and in order to produce con-
viction, I thought it exceeding well, quite prudent,
I will not say how necessary, that he should an-
nounce that it was his colleague, and not himself,
who dwelt among and was to be regarded as the
representative of so praiseworthy a population, so
high in the scale of humanity, so moral, so intelli-
gent and proper in all things. 1 thought it well,
sir, that it was his colleague whom the honorable
Senator located in the midst of such superior sam-
ples of humanity.
Mr. H ALE. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to interrupt him? I stated that my col-
league resided in one manufacturing village of the
kind I have described, and that I reside myself in
another of the same kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought the Senator said it was
his colleague who resided among these remarkable
people; but as he has now corrected the statement,
I can only wonder the more that, coming himself
from the midst of a population so moral, so ac-
complished, and instructed, therefore to be sup-
posed so regardful of the rights of others, so
regardful of the Constitution as those he has the
