1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
Vice President—emphatically so; that it was con-
ferring upon him the highest possible functions;
conferring upon him the highest possible—in certain
cases the whole—law-making power of the Gov-
ernment, He was anxious to strike out this rule,
and leave the Speaker of this House where he be-
lieved the Speakers of the great majority of the
State Legislatures now stood—that the Speaker's
name should be regularly called at the begin-
ning or end of the roll, as the case might be—(he
thought the general practice was to call his name
at the end of the roll)—and his vote be recorded
with the votes of the other members of the House.
In order to accomplish this result, if the gentleman
from.Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] would with-
draw his amendment and allow him, he would
offer an amendment to strike out the twelfth rule,
and insert a provision that the Speaker's name be
regularly called with the name? of the other mem-
bers of the House.
Mr. WINTHROP said, before he withdrew his
own amendment, he begged leave to call the atten-
tion of the honorable gentleman from Maryland to
the circumstances in which the Speaker of the
House would be placed if they were to carry out
his [Mr. McLane's] views. He (Mr. W.) con-
fessed he was opposed to the suggestion which the
gentleman made. If they made it incumbent upon
the Speaker of this House to vote upon all occa-
sions, of course they referred to all occasions when
the yeas and nays were called; of course they did
not propose, when he stated that those who were
in favor of the proposition would say " ay," and
those opposed would say " no," to compel him to
cry " ay" or " no." He did not suppose—as his
friend from North Carolina [Mr. ] suggested—
they would compel the Speaker to come down and
pass between the tellers. If the tellers reported an
equal division, the Speaker must vote as the rule
now stood.
But it seemed to him if they made it incumbent
upon the Speaker to vote on all occasions, they
must give it as a privilege to the Speaker to speak
on all occasions. He was opposed to compelling
any member of this House, whether in the chair
or out of the chair, to give a vote, without at the
same time affording him the opportunity of giving
his reasons. It was the privilege and the right of
the Sneaker, according to the precedents of the
House of Commons in England, when he was
called upon to give his casting vote, to give his
reasons at the same time. He thought this privi-
lege should be secured to the Speaker of this
House. He did not think it fair to any gentle-
man, confined within the elbows of that arm-
chair, (the Speaker's chair,) to call upon him
without previous notice, when his mind was per-
plexed with a thousand points of order, to give
his vote upon all questions arising in the House,
unless they also allowed him to give his reasons.
Mr. HARALSON (interposing, and Mr. W.
yielding) desired to know of the gentleman from
Massachusetts if there was any rule of the House
which pievented the Speaker from coming down
upon the floor and assigning his reasons for his
vote upon any question?
Mr. WINTHROP replied, that we had the uni-
form practice of this body, and of all the other old
Parliamentary bodies to the contrary. He believed
he had been told by a gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, formerly a member of this House, more
lecently occupying a seat in the other branch of
Congress, [Mr. Atherton,] that when he [Mr.
A.l occupied the chair of the House in the
Legislature of his own State, he had frequently
given up his seat to some member, and gone
down upon the floor and explained his views,
without the House going into committee. But
it had been the uniform practice of the House
of Commons, from which we drew most of our
precedents, and it had been the unaltered, un-
changed practice of this House, since the forma-
tion of the Constitution, that the Speaker keep his
own seat, and conduct the business of the House,
and not mingle in debate unless in committee. For
one, he was in favor of maintaining that precedent.
He did not flatter himself that while he had occu-
pied the chair he had had any particular influence
over the course of legislation, but he had seen the
mysterious, magnetic influence which the Chair
exerted in the assignment of the floor, the appoint-
ment of the committees, and in many things by
which he could please and propitiate members.
He did not believe that that influence would ever
be unworthily used by the present presiding offi-
cer, but he was opposed to bringing the influence
of the Chair, whatever it was, to bear upon the
House. He was in favor, for his [the Speaker's]
sake, and the sake of the House, in order to-main-
tain at least the appearance of impartiality, that
the gentleman occupying the chair should confine
himself within his own peculiar sphere of duties,
and allow the business of the House to go on un-
altered. In view of all the circumstances, he be-
lieved that the Speaker should not be required to
vote in any case, unless in those cases where his
vote would change the result. Then it was his
privilege and the right of his constituents. In all
other cases he (Mr. Winthrop) would not say
that the Speaker should not vote, but if he pleased
he could record his vote. It was his privilege.
But he would not compel him to vote except in
cases where his vote would alter the result.
Mr. McCLERNAND expressed his concur-
rence with the views of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. McLane,] and his belief that the rule
was unconstitutional. It had so been regarded by
a'distinguished authority—Mr. Macon—to whom
reference had been made. He was notawarethat
that authority-had ever been questioned. The
Speaker of this House, as far as his constitu-
tional rights and duties were concerned, stood on
precisely the same footing as any other member;
and it was not competent for this House, looking
to the fulfillment of the obligations imposed by the
spirit, as well as by the letter of the Constitution,
to exonerafe the Speaker of the House in any
greater degree from his responsibility as a repre-
sentative on this floor than any other member.
The rights and obligations attaching to the Speaker,
as a representative of the people, were not person-
al rights and obligations, to be taken away from
him by the House, orconferred upon him. They j
were rights belonging to the people, conferred
upon him by the Constitution—rights which, in
view of the relation which existed between him
and his people, he was bound to maintain.
He was in favor of such a modification of this
rule as would abolish the prohibition upon the right
of the Speaker to vote in the excepted cases. He
would leave the rule in such form as to place the
Speaker on the same footing, in regard to his right
and duty to vote, as any other member of this
House. He would not excuse him before the
people from his duty of voting upon grave arid
important questions. What right had the House
to excuse him from his duties to the people?
What right had they to disfranchise his constitu-
ents on this floor upon questions involving their
interests ? They had certain rules which exempted
gentlemen, under certain circumstances, from the
duty of voting. Those rules were based upon
certain reasons; and whenever the Speaker could
present such a case as would exempt any other
member from the obligation of voting, it should
exonerate him; but not otherwise. With regard
to other members, the House were accustomed to
excuse them when they rose, asking to be excused,
and presented reasons which the House, who
claimed the right of judgingofthem,pronounced to
be good. The Speaker should be required to sub-
mit to (he same rule.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Win-
throp] had said that there was a reason why the
Speaker should be exonerated from voting upon i
certain occasions. That reason was prior custom, j
But there were many precedents directly the le-
verse. We had had a remarkable instance, in
which the Yicc President of the United States, as
President of the Senate, assumed and exeicised
the right to assign his reasons, good and strong, in
favor of the tariff of 1846. We had also the case
which had been alluded to by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] of Vice President Clinton
alleging his reasons for voting against the charter
of the United States Bank. If his memory was
correct, Mr. Clay, while Speaker of this House,
availed himself of the right to address the House.
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) Only in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. McCLERNAND, accepting the suggestion
of the gentleman from Virginia, proceeded to say,
that we had, at all events, various precedents for
the. exercise, by the Speaker, of his constitutional
ri"ht to assign his reasons when he chose to do so.
He might also state that it was the case in the
Legislatures of many of the States, that the Speak-
er was always required to vote. There was a
clause, a special clause in maSy of the State con-
stitutions, which required the Speaker to vote, un-
less he could present to the House a reasonable,
excuse. The yeas and nays of the members were
taken upon the demand of one-fifth of those pres-
ent, and placed upon the record. Was not the
Speaker a member, and should he not vote? Un-
questionably. They had departed from the spirit
of the Constitution, from the genius of our institu-
tions, from the responsibilities of the members of
this body, in their rule exempting and prohib-
iting the Speaker from voting except in certain
specified cases. He doubted not that the gentle-
man who now occupied the chair would have no
hesitation.to vote and express himself upon any
and eveiy occasion which might arise. He doubt-
ed not that the explanation of his vote would be
satisfactory to the country at large. We had that
assurance from his past course and from his eleva-
tion to the distinguished place he now held. He
would therefore vote for the amendment of the
Committee on Rules. He would go further, and
leave the Speaker on the same footing of any other
member, with regard to his rights under the Con-
stitution, of voting and speaking.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor, and yielded at request to
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, who explained
that the proposition he made was simply to strike
out the 19th rule, leaving the Speaker to his own
discretion as to exercising his right to vote when
his name was called.
Mr. WINTHROP reminded the gentleman that
there was another rule which said that every mem-
ber of the House present should vote, unless ex-
cused by the House.
Mr. McLANE said the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts and the House understood the practical
operation under the rule; that when a member's
name was called, he sat in his seat and voted or
not as he pleased.
Mr. WINTHROP replied, that the Speaker
being bound toenforce the rules upon others, would
hardly be willing to sit in his seat and refuse to
vote, and thus present himself as a perpetual exam-
ple of insubordination. ,
Mr. STEPHENS said, he concurred generally
! in the views of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
'• If they adopted the proposition of the gentleman
| from Maryland, the Speaker would be required to
! vote upon all occasions, by tellers, by yeas and
| nays, and upon divisions of the House. It would
' therefore require an additional resolution.
' He believed that the Speaker of this House, in
all cases of elections, (where the vote was taken
by yeas and nays,) should be under the same obli-
gations to .vote as any other member. He thought
the same thing was contemplated by the rule, as
proposed to be amended by the report of the com-
mittee. The rule, as it now stood, said, the Speak-
er should not vote except in particular cases; the
the amendment of the Committee on Rules said he
should not be required to vote. It left it optional
with him. He (Mr. S.) was therefoiecontent with
the rule as reported; and he moved the previous
question.
Mr. VINTON inquired if the pievious question
would apply to this amendment only, or to the
entire report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it would apply to the whole report.
Mr. STEPHENS said, if tlut was the.case he
would certainly withdiaw the motion.
Mr. BAYLY addressed the Chair, and was
recognized.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading of
the pending propositions. They were read.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be first
on the amendment of Mr. Winthrof, and then
upon the amendment of the Committee on Rules.
A momentary conversation ensued, in wme h
Messrs. WINTHROP, PRESTON KING, Mc-
LANE of Maryland, and the SPEAKER partici-
pated, in reference to the immediate question befoi e
the House. ,
Mr B 4.YLY said he agreed almost entirely, m
reference to this matter, with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wikthrop.] He only dif-
fered from that gentleman m this, that he. thought
the rule as reported by the committee would leave
the matter precise! y as nought to stand. It would
nut it in the Speaker's power to vote whenever he
inight desire to, and he (Mr. B.) did not think the
House ought to go further. It was perfectly true,
