1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
responsible for injury done tn private property,
and the Government bound only for the use. The
Quartermaster General's letter brings my mind to
the conclusion that if the account had been simply
for the use and occupation, it would have been
paid on presentation. Theequity bein^established,
we can have no difficulty such as the accounting
officers encountered, and the object of this bill is
simply to remove the obstacle interposed by terms,
and which prevents the settlement of an equitable
claim.
Mr. KING. What is the amount?
Mr. DAVIS. About $1,500.
Mr. KING. How long was the land occupied?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recollect; the papers
will show what was the award artd time of occu-
pation.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported back to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading. It was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
PRIVATE BILL.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 130, being the
bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret lietzel, widow
and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late Assist-
ant Quartermaster in the army of the United
States.
Mr. DAWSON. I will merely state that this
bill was unanimously reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. It is to settle an unad-
justed account between the paymaster and the ad-
ministratrix of a deceased quartermaster.
Mr. HALS. I want to inquire if the bill is
limited to any amount?
Mr. DAWSON. {12,938 74.
Mr. HALE. I ca'li for the reading of the re-
port.
x, And it was accordingly read, as follows:
"Tbe Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the pennon <jf Mr . M.ug.uet Hetzel, widow and
admim^trat ix of A.. R. Ilctzel, late assistant quartermaster
in the army of the United States, rt.poit:
"That it appears th.it iier husband died on the COlh day
of July. 1847, at Louisville, in the Srate of Kentin. kv, m at-
tempting to reach home, a ter a ino^t laborious service at
the city of Vera Cruz, during the siege by the troops ol the
United States, leaving tbe memorialist, his widow, and
three children.
"That the deceased had seived in the quartermaster's
department moie than twelve years previous t > ins-death,
and had disbursed Urge sums > t money lor the Government;
that his accounts have all been settled at the TreaMiry.
" That in me account rendert d by the decayed fur a part
of the thud quarter of the year 1838, the following item,
charged by him to the United States, was disallowed at the
Tieasury, viz:
m Pi rc^ntage on disbursements, ori aceouut of the ap-
propriation for preventing ami suppiessing Indian hosithties,
from the 4th day of July, 1&38, to the 3Jth of September,
,$.319,549 78, at two and a hall pei-cent., §12 986 74.'
" It will be noticed that thatduiv wis entirely disconnect-
ed with hi-® regular qnarteitnaster's account, which was
coveied by his official bond; but, during this very period,
his official disbursements on account of the army amounted
to several hundred thousand doiiai s, which was duly closed
at the Tieasmy Department.
" Upon the account pre&cnted by the deceased, in which
the tori'somg item is found, is the following memorandum,
under his own hand, in explanation of the chaige :
« 'The amount charged as percentage is uoirctuined, but
the undei signed cannot but consider it a  a jus-t and equita-
ble claim against she Government, in con^equ 'lice of the
unusual and extraordinary responsibilities he assumed white
on duty as ptincipal quartermaster in the Cherokee nation.
The funds placed in his h>uid% amounting to nearly $.00,-
010, owing to the system of accountability he established,
were disbursed in such a manner that Government lo t
nothing by the defalcation of agents, whom it became ne-
cessary to employ from time to time to assist in furnishing
supplie8, procuring transportation, &e., at the various pusts
in the Cherokee nation. Mis duties were aiduous in the
extreme, as the several commanding officer?, under whose
orders he wa< acting, can testify; and as the. money ex-
pended, on winch he claimed a per-ceutum, was out of an
appiopriation diUinct from the regular army appropriation,
he con-iders it, to say the least, equitable, arid that it ought
to be allowed.5
«To show the faithfulness and strict honor and honesty
which maiked the character of this officer, and the rectitude
of his transactions the committee have extiacted from the
same account the following Hem:
"•'Premium on Tennessee funds, $3137.' This item is ex-
plained thus:
"'Drafts on the Quartermaster General commanded a
premium in Tennessee cuirencv, varying from five to ten
per-centum. The funds thus obtained wire j-aid out, as far
as practicable, as they were received—the premium received
ori the drafts being paid to claimants, in liquidating small
account?, the premium'was not calculated, which explains
the above entry.5
" By the act of Congress of the 3d of March, 1839, it seems
that claims of this character, after the passage of said act,
were to he disallowed, and it wa«, no doubt, intended tocut
of all claims notfounded injustice; but your committee aie
of the opinion that that act should not be applied in opposi-
tion to a claim m itself reasonable and just, and which is
not embraced withm its provisions; but was existing and
pendingfor adjustment before thepassaseof that law; there-
fore they lecommend that the claim of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel,
widow and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late assistant
quartermaster in the army of the United States, be allowed,
and that the certificates of Major General Wmfi.-ld 8couand
Major General John G. Wool, marked A and B, showing the
justice of this claim, he annexed and consideied a puit of
this report, and be printed with it "
Mr. DAWSON". I hold in my band a letter
from General Scott, and also one from General
Wool, which I wiil read, if desired. The letters
are not long, and they confirm every thing stated,
and show the equity and justice of the claim.
Here is the letter of General Scott:
"From 1836 until the actual removal of the Cherokees
wen, in 1838, Captain A. R. Hetzel was the pnncipal quar-
tei ma^te.r of the ai my on duty in that Indian country, em-
bracing paiLs of Noith Carolina, Gcorgu, Tennessee, and
Alabama."
Mr. ATCHISON. I really do not think there
is any necessity for reading the letter. All the
facts are stated in the report.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well; I yield with
pleasure.
Mr. HALE. I have listened somewhat atten-
tively to the report, and it seems to me that this
bill ought not to pass. If I understand the matter,
this quartermaster was employed in disbursing
certain sums that came into his hands, which did
not come properly and legitimately within his duty,
and he claims a percentage or commission of
twelve thousand and odd dollars. Nov/, we ail
know that claims of this sort have of late been
•multiplied against the Government. Whenever
an officer is discharged, and there is a deficiency
in the funds of the ferovemment: that have come
into his hands, it is made up by charging a pretty
extravagant commission. Some of these claims
go back, coveting the whole time the parties have
been in office. In some cases, suns have been
brought to recover these claims, and i believe they
have been allowed by juries, in contradiction to
the express decision of the accounting officer of
the Treasury. It seems that this claim has been
refused by the accounting officer of the Treasury,
and it would be a very dangerous precedent to pass
this bill in direct contradiction of tiie act of 3839.
Mr. DAWSON. I will state, that by the act
of 1839, the question was settled by Congress-
ional action, as stated by the Senator from New
Hampshire; but the case now before us existed
prior to that time, and therefore does not come
within the provisions of that act. This was the
unanimous decision of the committee. 1 will read"
the letters of Generals Scott and Wool, to show
the facts of the case, and to serve as a reply to the
views presented by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. Here is the remainder of General Scott's
letter:
"To effect the removal of the Indians, a large volunteer
force was assembled and made to overspread the whole
Cherokee nat'on, by being divided into many detachments,
at separate posts. The hgerits ot the Q.narierina-aer's De-
partment at these several posts were employed in the dis-
hurt-ement of funds, j lac  d by the Government i n the hands
of Captain Hetzel. He was obliged to appoint these agents,
from the want of Government agents, and to im-truct them
in then duties, as well a> b come re.-pon-iblc for their act.-',
to an enormous amount, and thus assumed unu&ual and
extraordinary responsibilities.
"Having myselt been employed as the commander of
the troop:-, in tne Cln-rokee country at the time that tbe
removal of the Indians was effected, *iz: horn early in
May to the middle ot November, in 1838, I take pleasure
in bearing leMimony to the arduous and able services then
rendered by Captain lietzel, and believe that while the
extraordinary responsibilities he assumed greatly facilitated
the operations of removing the Indians, they couid not have
been required of him by the Government, and were, there-
fore, eminently extra-official, for which, it seems, his now
destitute family may reasonably claim rxn a compensation.
WINFIELD SCOTT.55
General Wool says:
"Captain Hetzel wa« long known tome as an intelligent,
active, and effici nt officer. He served under my command,
in the Cherokee nation, from the 1st ot Julv, 1836, to the 1st
of July, 1837. During tins period, his duties were highly
onerous and responsible. He wa< chief of the Quaiter-
master's Department in that country, and I held him re-
sponsible for the faithful performance of the duties of all
subordinates in the department. As it was the practice at
tins time for the War Department to allow for extra services,
I know ol no ofheer who could claim, with greater justice,
compensation for onerous and extra services than can
Captain Hetzel. He was faithful to the last degree.
'• In 1846, during the Mexican war, he again became sub-
ject to my authority, when he rendered important services,
in preparing and providing the means of transporting the
volunteers to their distant services. After which, he was
engaged in procuring supplies and the means of transporta-
tion of the troops for Vera Cruz. Being stationed at this
place,he contracted a disease which compelled him to leave
tor his home, but which, as I am informed, before his arrival,
carried him to his grave.
"I trust his claim will receive all the attention and con-
sideration which is justly due to ga!!ant,-efRcient, £nd
traoidinary services. JOHN G. WOOL."
{ will state that Captain Hetzel paid upwards of
a million dollars into the Treasury in the course of
one year, without retaining a single cent for this
extra service, but merely claiming it by a memo-
randum. After that, he was called imo service in
Mexico, and was unable to prosecute his claim here.
Since his death hts widow has applied for it, and
I think it but reasonable and equitable, that it
should be paid. I hope, after this explanatibn,
thai the Senator from New Hampspire will with-
draw his opposition. I may add, that two and a
half was the regular percentage allowed in cases
of this description prior to the passage of the a6t
of 1839. 1 will read what the committee say on
the subject of that act:
"By the act of Congress of the 3d of March, 1839, itseemr
that claims of this char tcter, alter the passage ot 'suid act,
were to be disallowed, and it was no doubt intended to cut
off all claims not founded in justice; but your committee
are of opinion that that act should not be applied tn relation
to a claim in itself reasonable and just, and which is not
embraced within Us provisions, but was existing and pend-
ing for adjustment hefoie the passage of that law.5>
Mr. HALE. My impression is that the a^t of
1839 was not intended to establish any rule; but
that it was a declaratory act, declaring the sense
of Congress against making these allowances. I
suppose that all Departments of the Government
considered this an abuse, and it was to remedy
that abuse that the act of March 3, 1839, was
passed, and the intention of it was to cut off all
allowances of this sort. I hope Senators will
pause before they give a legislative sanction to a
measure of this sort.
Mr. WHiTCOMB. I desire to know what is
the amount proposed to be granted by the bill?
Mr. DAWSON. I will read the statement of
the committee:
"This chum was made in an account rendeied by my
hn-band m the third quarter ot 1838 ? in the following item,
viz:
" Percentage on disbursements, on account of the appro-
priation M'oi preventing and buppies'-mg Indian hostilities,'
ftoin the 4th of July, 1836, to the 30'h ot September, 1838,
$.)1U.5'19 78, at 2J- per cent., $12,988 74."
"The following explanation ot this charge is in my hus-
band's own handwriting:
"Tne amount charged as percentage is not retained,
but the undersigned cannot but consider it as a just and
equitable claim against tho Government, in consequence
of the unusual and extraordinary responsibilities he assumed
while on duty as principal quartermaster m the Cherokee
nation. The fund* placed in his hands, amountingto nearly
$700 000, owing to the system of.accountabihty he estab-
lished, were disbursed in such a manner that the Govern-
ment Ion nothing by the defalcation of agents, whom.it be-
came necessary to employ from time to ume, in furnishing
supplies, providing transportation. &c., at the various posts
m the Chi rokee nation. His duties were arduous in the
extreme, as the several commanding officeis, under whose
oid^rs he was acting, can testify ; and as the money ex-
pended, upon which he claims a per-centum, was out of an
appropriation distinct jroin the regular army appropriation,
he considers it, to say the least, equitable, and that n ought
to be allowed. A. R. Hetzel,
"Captain and Assistant Quartermaster."
That is the memorandum of Captain Hetzel,
made at the time to the Treasury Department. Of
the immense amount of surplus funds that re-
mained in his hands, not a cent did he detain, but
forwarded the whole to the Treasury Department.
He did not even demand payment for these extra
services, but merely forwarded this memorandum
to the Government. If ever there was a case of
the kind which entitled the individual to the indul-
gence and liberality of this body, this is the case;
especially, when we recollect that he ha3 left a
widow and two or three children entirely depend-
ent on the services he rendered his country, and
in which country's service he died; and when they
claim what is justly due him, are we not bound
m libeiaiity, bound in equity, bound in justice, to
pay it?
Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate while I read the section of the act of 1839:
"Beit further enacted, That no officer in any branch of
the public sei vice, or any person whose salary, or pay, or
emoluments is or are fixed by law and regulations, shall re-
ceive any extra allowance or compensation in any form
whatever, for disbursements of public money, or the per-
formance ot any other service, unless said extra allowance
or compensation be authorized by law."
I remember something about the abuses which
this was intended to remedy. At the time when
treasury notes were issued, the Register and
Treasurer filed a claim, charging a cent a piece for
signing their names to these treasury notes, and
their claim was allowed and paid. The object of
Congress in passing this act, was to meet cases of
this kind, and to cut off these extra allowances;
