1238
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
and it seems to me that it would apply to all cases
that had taken place before its passage, as well as
after, because it does not alter the lasv, but simply
says that they shall not receive extra pay, unless
the same is allowed by law. The very object of
it was to cut off allowances of this sort.
Mr. DA.VIS, of Mississippi. I think that the
Senator from New Hampshire is partly correct;
but at the same time he falls into very great errors.
It ig true, that provision of the law which he has
read, was intended to stop what was not consid-
ered to be founded on law, but on abase in custom.
It was to stop the payment of a percentage on
disbursements, which had grown, it was thought,
into a great evil. But the Senator from New
Hampshire, I think, is not particularly informed
of the facts of the case. In the first place, no per-
een'age is charged by the widow of the late Ctp-
tam Heizel for disbursements made as quarter-
master; it is disbursements made when removing
the Indiana, which constitute, I think, the whole
sum on which any percentage is charged. it is
not, therefoie, such a case as was contemplated
by that law. It is not charging percentage on
disbursements proper to his official capacity, but
on disbursements extra official. Now, it will be
in the remembrance of every Senator who hears
me, that at the close of the Mexican war we
passed a special act, which renewed this custom or
usage of percentage to paymasters who had been
disbursing money to volunteer troops, because
there was a great risk and hazard both before arid
after the time of payment; and it was extra-official
in the sense contemplated, when that provision in
the law of 1839 was passed. This officer, when
he closed these disbursements, was, under the cus-
tom of that day, en itled to a percentage on the
amount. Had lie then returned to this city, made
out his account, and claimed the percentage, it
would have been paid over to him at once. Instead
of this, he continued to perform this extra service
out of the proper line of his duty, and remained
thus separated from any place where his account
could be settled, until he lost his life in the service
of his country. Then, after the passage of this
law, his widow asks of Congress that they shall
give to his bereaved family exactly that sum which
her husband would have received, if he had re-
turned immediately to this place, presented his
account, and claimed percentage for disburse-
ments made before the passage of the law which
the Senator from New Hampshire quotes. It is
not perfectly within the restriction of that law.
But of course when the widow went to the Treas-
ury Department, or to the accounting officer, she
was answered by the law which the Senator from
New Hampshiie has read; and it is for that very
reason that she comes to Congress. If the claim
were a clear one under the law, why should she
be here? But the widows and orphans of the of-
ficers who sacrificed their lives in the land-service
of their country are allowed nothing. It is well
known that the pay of an officer is too small for
him to leave anything. They are not nn the same
footing, either as to pay during their lives, or pro-
vision made for their families after their deaths,
on which you place the navy. This is a case in
which equity and not law should be considered.
The widow comes to us to ask equity, and not the
rigid construction of the letter of the law.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him what was the pay of Captain Hetzel at
the time this claim grew up?
Mr. DAVIS. He was a captain and quarter-
master I suppose, his pay was about $1,500.
Mr. UNDKRWOOD. [ think it would be un-
just to give this act of 3839, a retrospective opera-
tion, and for this reason: A great many persons
obtained these extra allowances; and if you gave
the act a retrospective operation, it would permit
them to retain what they have received and cut
out others equally entitled to it. I do not think
we ought to make the distinction.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There are very
few disbursing officers who did not return and get
the percentage. I doubt if he can find three cases.
I do not know one case precisely like this.
'Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is precisely what
I say.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought ycu said there were a
great many.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. A great many who had
already received their percentage.
Mr. DAVIS. Ah! I beg your pardon.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. At the time this subject
wa^ agitated in 1839, it was thought to be a great
abuse which ought to be corrected, but the design
was to make the bill operate prospectively, not
retrospectively, and my remark was, that if you
give it a retrospective operation in this case, you
will be tolerating and sanctioning in the case of
those who have already received it, what under
similar circumstances you are refusing to others.
I am opposed, therefore, to making the distinc-
tion, especially in this particular case, t would
ask the Senate not to discriminate against a gen-
tleman who, in my opinion, from the facts stated
here, presents himself in the most laudable point
of view—a gentleman who has said ''although the
* practice heretofore has been to retain the per-
4 centage, I will not retain it, but make my memo-
randum and leave it to the Government." I do
not blame the Executive Department for refusing
to pay the claim under this law, because the law
does not discriminate on its face between prospec-
tive and retrospective operation. It is general,
and merely says that this thing shall not be done.
They have taken the letter of the law, therefore,
to govern their conduct, and they have acted prop-
erly under the law. But we cannot refuse to make
this payment without making the unjust discrimi-
nation which I have suggested.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was then reported back to the Senate, and the
question stated to be on ordering it to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to say a single word.
I know something of the merits of this officer.
I know his merits to have been great. The set-
vices which he rendered to his country were
great, and most faithfully and patriotically ren-
dered, and he has died in the service of his coun-
try, leaving a small family greatly in want. I
shall most CM-diaily vote for the bill.
Mr GREEN. It is, perhaps, properthat I should
state that I concurred with the committee in recom-
mending this bill, and I did it on the ground which
has been taken by the Senator from Kentucky, [ Vlr.
Unperwood,] that it is only placing this officer
on the same ground with others who received
their pay pay prior to the passage of the act. We
regarded the act itself as inteiposing a technical
difficulty which the accounting officer of the Gov-
ernment could not get over, but we considered that
this was just the case in which Congress ought to j
interfere—one where the letter of the law is against j
the claimant, but where its equity and spirit are !
entirely in his favor. j
Mr. HALE. The facts stated by several Sen-
ators show that the construction put upon the
act by the treasury officers was, that it did apply
to everybody. Ag-iin, I understand the Senator
who introduced this bill [Mr. Dawson] to admit
that* this is an abuse, and that the act of 1839
was passed to remedy the abuse Then what
does he do ? Why, he says that inasmuch as this
officer did not live long enough to partake of the
abuse, we must pass a law to enable his widow
to take advantage of the abuse at the present time.
With regard to the family, I look upon that as
altogether extraneous. There area great many
poor families m the country, large and small, but
we ought not to be influenced in our legislation
by matters of this sort.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh no! let us
take the vote.
Mr. CLAY. You cannot get a vote. Every-
body understands the principle, and yet Senators
will go on discussing it.
A Senator. There will be no more speeches
on it.
Mr. CLAY. I will withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, then, if gentlemen will cease
talking.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill, which were ordered,
and on being taken, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell. Benton, IWrien,
Br^ht, Clark<'} Cln\, Cl< metis, D.ivi* of Daw-
son, i')a\ton, f><Mi«e of Wisconsin, Dod'jn of Iowa, Downs,
Fi. lcii, Fnnte, Grecno, Houston, Jones. NorrN, Pratt, Ru vk,
Seward, Smile, Spiu;ince. Stnuieon, Tuniey, Underwood,
Walt*-, Web-ter, and Yulee—
NAYS—Messrs. Chase, Hale, Pearce, Walker, and Whit-
comb—5.
The bill was then read a third time, and the
question stated to be upon its passage.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I beg leave to read another
section of the law which cannot have been present
to the minds of the committee wjien they reported
this bill.
Mr WEBSTER. Will the honorable member
allow me to suggest that the further consideration
of the bill should be postponed?
Mr. WHITCOMB. 1 am peifectly willing.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed till to-morrow. ^
BILLS FROM HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
amendatory of an act to carry into eifect certain
provisions of the treaties between the United
States and China and the Ottoman Porte, approved
the 11th August, 1843, was read a first ami second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The bill from the House to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the service of the
fiscal year ending 30'h June, 1850, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill from the House authorizing the Legis-
lative Assemblies of Minnesota and Oregon Tei ri-
tories, to prolong their next annual session to a
period of "ninety days, was read a first and second
time by its title, and rererred to the Committee on
Territories.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the cons:deration
of the bill providing for the admission of Califor-
nia into the Union as a State, for establishing; ter-
ritorial governments for Utah and New Mexico,
and making proposals to Texas for the settlement
of her northern and western boundaries
The pendingquestion was the amendmentoffered
by Mr. Dickinson to Mr. Soulg's amendment.
At the suggestion of Mr. HALE, the 30:h sec-
tion of the bill, relating to the Territory of New*
Mexico, was amended so as to make it correspond
with the 13th section relating to Utah, previously
amended by the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. The amendment pending is that
which is offered by the  Senator from New York,
[Mr. Dickinson,] who is now absent, to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Soule ] The Senator from New York had
no very great preference for his amendment,
although he preferred the phraseology of it, and I
rather should have preferred it myself; but being
entirely indifferent for his parr, he authorized me,
before he left, to withdraw his amendment, and in
pursuance of that authority I withdraw it, leaving
the question pending on the proposition of the
Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment was withdrawn by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I was about making a few-
remarks in reply to the Senator from Mississippi,
at the time the Senate adjourned on Saturday. It
is not my wish to take up the time of the Senate,
further than to present, in a distinct form, the
propositions which i then barely indicated. My
friend from Mississippi said that he was going to
"un-Whig" me, or deprive me of the right of
being considered a "State-rights" man. The
proposition that I laid down was, that Congress,
by virtue of its authority under the Constitution,
had jurisdiction over the territories; there is no
metaphysics in that. I further intimated that I
believed, pro tanto, it was the sovereign power to
the extent that it could be exercised under the
Constitution of the United States; and I further-
more maintained that the safest mode of admitting
new States is to pursue precedent and usage, arid
to allow no State to come into the Union that had
not applied to Congress in the first instance to
form a constitution; and that on presenting that
constitution it should be admitted into the Union,
because when the people, during their territorial
existence, meet to form a State constitution with-
out such authority from Congress, they necessa-
rily form it in a way to accommodate themselves
to the majority, and to propitiate the prevailing
power in this Government, i know this doctrine
is in conflict with the opinions of the school of
politicians who beiieve that the people who first
i settle in the territories have a species of sponta-
neous sovereignty springing up. I believe there
are philosophers who believe m the spontaneous
production of piants without seed. 1 believe they
may be very well classed with that class of pohti-
