1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
cians who believe that Congress has no authority,
but that ihe jurisdiction belongs to the first settlers
on the soil. I do not intend to detain the Senate
by any longer discussion upon these points, as I
believe the Senator from Louisiana designs to
speak upon his amendment, and I shall therefore
reserve any further remarks i have to make on
these points, unul I address the Senate on the
general question.
Mr. W EBSTER. On the 7th of March, sfr, I
declared my opinion to be, that there is not a
square rod of territory belonging to the United
States, the character of which, for slavery or no
slavery, is not already fixed by some irrepealable
law. I remain of that opinion. The opinion,
sir, has been a good deal canvassed in the country,
and there have been complaints—sometimes le-
spectful and decorous, and sometimes so loud and so
«mpty as to become mere clamor. But I have seen
no argument upon any question of law embraced
in that opinion, which shakes the firmness with
which I hold it, nor have I heard any discussion
upon any matter of fact, as to that part of the
opinion which rests on facts, which leads me to
•doubt the accmacy of my conclusions as to that
part of the opinion which regarded the true con-
struction, or 1 might with more propriety say, al-
most the literal meaning, of the resolutions by
which Texas was admitted into the Union. I
have heard no argument calculated, in the slight-
est degree, to alter that opinion. The committee,
I believe, with one accord, concurred in it. A
great deal of surprise-, real or affected, has been
expiessed in the country at the announcement by
me of that opinion, as if there were something new
in it. Yet there need have been no surprise, for
there was nothing new in it. Other gentlemen
have expressed the same opinion more than
-once; and I myself, in a speech made here on
the 23d day of March, 1848, expressed the same
opinion, almost in the same words; with which
nobody here found any fault—at which nobody
here cavilled or made question, and nobody in the
country.
With respect to the other ground on which my
opinion is founded, that is, the high improbability,
in point of fact, that African slavery could be in-
troduced and established in any of the territories
acquired by us in pursuance of the late treaty with
Mexico, I have learned nothing, heard nothing,
from that day to this, that has not entirely con-
firmed that opinion. That being my judgment on
this my tter, I voted very readily and cheerfully to ex-
clude what is railed the Wilmot proviso from these
territorial bills, or to keep-it out, rather, when a
motion was made to introduce it. 1 did so, upon
a very full and deep conviction that no act of Con-
gress no provision of law, was necessary in any
degree for that purpo«3; that there were natural
and sufficient reasons and causes excluding for-
•ever African slavery from those regions. That
was my judgment, and I acted on it; and it is mv
judgment still. Those who think differently, will,
of course, pursue a different line of conduct, in ac-
cordance with their own judgments. That was
my opinion then, and it has been strengthened by
everything that I have learned since, and I have
no more apprehension to-day of the introduction
or establishment of African slavery in these terri-
tories, than 1 have of its introduction into, and es-
tablishment in, Massachusetts.
Well, sir, I have voted not to place in these
territorial bills what is called the Wilmot proviso,
and by that vote have signified a disposition to
exclude the prohibition, as a thing unnecessary; I
am now called upon to vote upon this amendment,
moved by the honorable member from Louisiana,
[Mt.Soule,] which provides that the States formed
out of New Mexico and Utah shall have the right
and privilege of mokmg their own constitutions,
•and of presenting those constitutions to Congress
conformably to the Constitution of the United
States, with or without a prohibition against sla-
very, as the people of those Territories, about to
becomc States, may see fit to declare. I have not
seen much practical utility in this amendment, I
a^ree. Nevertheless, if 1 should vote, now that it
is presented to me, against it, it might leave me
open to suspicion of intending or wishing to see
that accomplished in another way hereafter which
I did not choose to see accomplished by the intro-
duction of the Wilmot proviso. That is to say,
it might seem as if, voting against that form of ex-
clusion or prohibition, I might be willing still that
in there should be a chance hereafter to enforce it
some other way. .Now, I think that ingenuous-
ness and steadiness of purpose, under these cir-
cumstances, compel me to vote for the amend-
ment, and I shall vote for it. 1 do it exactly on ]
the fame grounds that I voted against the intro- I
duction of the proviso. And let it be remembered
that I am now speaking of New Mexico and Utah,
and other territories acquired from Mexico, and of
nothing else. I confine myself to these; and, as
to them,-! say that I see no occasion to make a :
provision against slavery now, or to reserve to '
ourselves the right of making such provision here-
after. All this rests on the most thorough con-
viction, that, under the law of nature, there never
can be slavery in these Territories. This is the
foundation of all. And I voted against the pro-
viso, and I vote now in favor of this amendment,
for the reason that all restrictions are unnecessary,
absolutely unnecessary; and as such restrictions j
give offence, and create a kind of resentment, as '
they create a degree of dissatisfaction, and as I
desiie to avoid all dissatisfaction as far as I can,
by avoiding all measures that cause it, and which
are m my judgment wholly unnecessary, I shall
vote now as I voted on a former occasion, and
shall support the amendment offered by the hon-
orable member fiorn Louisiana, i repeat again,
I co it upon the exact, grounds upon which 1
declared upon the 7th day of March that I
should resist the Wilmot proviso—the precise
grounds.
Sir, it does not seem to strike other Senators as
it strikes me, but if there be any qualification to
that genera! remark which I made, or the opinion
which I expressed on the 7th of March, that every
foot of territory of the United States has a fixed
character for slavery or no slavery; if there be any
qualification to that remaik, it, has arisen here,
from what seems to be an indit-position to define the
boundaries of New Mexico; that is all the danger
there is. All that is part of Texas was by the reso-
lutions of 1845 thrown under the general character j
of the Texan territory; and if, for want of defining j
the boundaries of New Mexico, by any proceeding j
or process hereafter, or by any event hereafter, let I
me say to gentlemen, that if any portion which they
or I do not behove to be Texas should be consid-
ered to become Texas, then, so far, that qualifica-
tion of my remark is applicable. And therefore, I
do feel, as I had occasion to say two or three days
a?o, that it is of the utmost importance to pass this
bill, to the end that there may be a definite boun-
dary fixed now, and fixed forever, between the
territory of New Mexico and Tex-^s, or the limits
of New Mexico and the hmi's of Texas. He -e
the question lies. If gentlemen wish to. act effi-
ciently for their own purposes, here it is, in my
poor judgment, that they are called upon to act.
And the thing to be done, and done at once, is to
fix the boundaries of New Mexico.
Mr. President", when I see gentlemen from my
own part of the country, no doubt fr om motives of
the highest character, and for mon conscientious
purposes, not concurring in any of these great ques-
tions with myself, I am aware that I am taking on
myself an uncommon degree of responsibility.
The fact that gentlemen with whom I have been
accostomed to act in the Senate took a different
view of their own duties in the same case, natur-
ally led me to reconsider my own course, to reex-
amine my own opinions, to rejudge my own judg-
ment. And now, sir, that I have gone through
this process, without prejudice, as I hope—and
certainly I have done so under the greatest feeling
of regret at being called upon by a sense of duty .
to take a course, which may dissatisfy some to |
whom I should always be desirous of renderings
my public course and every event and action of j
my public life acceptable—yet I cannot part from j
my own settled opinions. I leave consequences
to themselves. It is a great emergency, a great
exigency, that this country is placed m. I shall
endeavor to preserve a proper regard to my own
consistency. And here let me say, that neither
here nor elsewhere has anything been advanced to
show that on this subject 1 have said or done any-
thing inconsistent, in the slightest degree, with
any speech, or sentiment, or letter, or declaration
that I ever delivered in my life, and all would be
convinced of this, if men would stop to consider,
and look at real differences and distinctions. But
where all is general denunciation, where all is
clamor, where all is idie and empty declamation,
where there is no search after truth, no honest
disposition to inquire whether one opinion is dif-
ferent from the other, why, everybody, in that
way of proceeding, may be proclaimed to be
inconsistent.
Now, sir, I do not take the trouble to answer
things of this sort that appear in the public press.
I know it would be useless. Those who are of ant
unfriendly disposition would not publish my ex-
planations or distinctions, if I were to make them.
But, sir, if any gentleman here has anything to
say on this subject—though 1 throw out no chal-
lenge—yet, if any gentleman here chooses to un-
deitake the task—and many there possibly are,
who think it an easy task—to show in what re-
spect anything that i said in the debate here on the
7th of March, or anything contained in my letter
to the gentlemen of Newbuiyport, or anywhere
else, is inconsistent with any recorded opinion of
mine!, since (he subject of the annexation of Texas
began in 1837,1 wjil certainly answer him with
great respect and courtesy, and shall be content to
stand or fall by the judgment of the country.
Sir, my object is peace. My object is recon-
ciliation. My purpose is, not to make up a case
for the North, or to make up a case for the South.
My object is not to continue useless and irritating
controversies. I am against agitators, North and
South. I am ngainst local ideas, Noith and South,
and against all narrow and local contests. 1 am
an American, and 1 know no locality in America:
that is my country. My heart, my sentiments,
my judgment, demand of me that 1 shall pursue
such a course as shall promote the good, and the
harmony, and the Union of the whole country.
This I fahail do, God willing, to the end of the
chapter.
The honorable Senator resumed his seat amidst
general applause from the gallery.
The debate was continued by Mr. NOR.RIS,
Mr. SEWARD, Mr. FGOTE, and Mr. BALP-
WIN, who moved to amend the amendment of
Mr Soule, v<z:
« \rid when thf> sajfi Territory, or any portion of the
s.nne, shall be admitted as- a simte, it shall he received in to
the I uioti with or wiibout slavery, as their constitution
may proscribe at the time of their admission
By stnking out all after the word " State" and
inserting the following:
At the proper tune, to be jud'ied of by Congress, tli«
pe >|)ie of said Territoty t-h.iil be aurnuted to ihe eiij  y.iaent
of ^11 the rights of citizens of Hie Uuned Slates, accoiding
to the principles of the Constitution.
After debate by Messrs. CASS, KING, HALE,
SEWARD, BALDWIN, and SOULE, the ques-
tion was taken on the amendment to the amend-
ment, and leeulted as follows:
VEAS-M^sk. Baldwin, Cbase, Clark, D ivis of
chiisKt* • D ly ton,r>odn<5 of Wisconsin, Cretin, Hale, Miller,
Smiili. Upturn?, and Walker—12.
N"A W—Atchison, badger, Bell, Benton, B< r ien,
Bna'it. iiutlej, Ca-fj Clay, (Jlemnis Cooper, Davi- of Mis-
ri-siptii, Dawson, D idge ot Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Foote,
Hui^ton, flunter, Jones, Kinjj, Mae-on, Morion, Nnrris,
Pea ce, Prsilt. Ru-k, Srb.tstian. Shield*, Sou 6, ru ir.ee,
St'iur* on, Tiirne}, Underwood, Wales, Webtter, V\ liiiCL,mbf
, and Ytilee—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
• The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Soule, and a debate ensued in
1 which Messrs. MILLER, DODGE of Iowa,
BUTLER, DAYTON, SEWARD, and DOUG-
LAS participated.
The yeas and nays having been demanded and
ordeied on the amendment, resulted as follow:
Yf, Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton,Berrien,
Bn «Vr, Butler, Ca^, C!av, Cement Coop r, Davis ot Mis-
Mv'ippi, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, foote,
Duuvton, Tinnier, Jonru, King, Mnson. Motion, Nonis,
P<-;uee. Pidtl, Ku«U, teebastian. Shield-, Forle, Spruance,
55iur'jeoa,Turney, Underwood, Wales, \Yebs.er,VVintownb,
ami Yulee—38.
N\YS—Messrs. Baldwin, Chase, Clark, Daws of Mas-
! saHai-ett-, Davtou, Doiigc of Wisconsin, bieene, Hale,
Miiles, Smith, Upbdm, and Walker— H.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE offered the following amendment,
' to be added to the first section of the bill:
"New States, not eveeedii-a: two in number, of eortve-
; went size. and liavma s-nlhciesit population, may hereafter,
In the consent ol tile s-ud State of ( alilornu, be toimed
out of the territory the>eot, wlueli shall lie < ntitled to ad-
mission under the provi-ions of the Fedeial Constitution.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until twelve o'clock to-morrow. t
On motion, the Senate then proceeded to tne
consideration of executive business, and, alter
some time spent therein, the doors were reopened*
j and the Senate adjourned.
