THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1850.
New Series No. 10.
his vote on any question. We cannot give that
slight to the Speaker which he constitutionally
possesses, nor have we any right to refuse to the
Speaker the privilege of voting. We have no
right to designate that a member shall vote or shall
not vote.
When the subject of the Paeheco case was be-
fore the House, at 'the time when the gentleman
from Massachusetts occupied the Chair, and which
had been referred to by that gentleman, the Speak-
er was about to state the reasons which would in-
fluence his vote, when the Clerk stated that a mis-
take had been made in the count. The Speaker
had absolutely commenced his remarks when, in
consequence of the miscount, it was rendered un-
necessary for him to record his vote. He thought
the Speaker had always possessed the right to
give his reasons and that he had now the right-,
and that the gentleman from Massachusetts when,
as Speaker, he exercised the right, exercised it
properly. The amendment was, in his opinion, a
proper one. In his opinion, the Speaker should
^exercise the right whenever he thought proper.
He would exeicise it under the same responsi-
bility as that which attached to the course of every
other member of the House. And the House had
no right either to compel him to exercise the right,
or to "refrain from itsexercise. He had seen mem-
bers, in some instances, abuse the right, but there
was no power to take it away. *
Mr. WINTHROP said, he rose now for the
purpose of withdrawing his amendment. The
object of proposing it had been answered by the
debate which it had drawn out. He only wished
to conform the phraseology of the rule to what all
seemed to acknowledge was it's real intent. All
seemed to concur in the general spirit of his propo-
sition, and the mere change of words was, per-
haps, unimportant. He had felt a desire to re-
lieve the present Speaker of the House from one
of the embarrassments under which he had him-
self suffered during the last Congress, by making
that clear, which was now ambiguous. If the po-
litical friends of the present Speaker regarded such
a measure as unnecessary and superfluous, it was
certainly not for him (Mr. W.) to insist upon it.
And he would take occasion to say the same
thing in regard to the proposition of the honorable
member from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.] If it
was the design of that gentleman to compel the
present Speaker to give liis vote upon all occasions
and underall circumstances—sometimes when sud-
denly called on, and upon the most important
questions, without an opportunity of assigning the
reasons by which his vote was-infiuenced; at mo-
ments, perhaps, when his mind was necessarily
diverted from the subject by the pressure of other
-matters; while occupied by questions of order, or
absorbed in the study of Jefferson's Manual, or
engaged, it might even be, in signing checks to
enable members to pay their notes,—if it was the
object of the gentleman from Maryland to subject
his friend who now occupies the chair of this
House to such a necessity, he (Mr. Winthrop)
would no longer object. He had no expectation
of ever occupying the chair again himself, and he
was sorry to believe that a long time might elapse
before any gentleman on his side of the House
would be called to such a dignity. If gentlemen
on the other side, therefore, were so very anxious
to place their own Speaker in such a predicament,
he (Mr. W.) was almost willing that it should be
so. He thought, however, that the Speaker him-
self would, in such a case, most earnestly pray to
be saved from his friends. The history of his ad-
ministration would present a monotonous epitome
of unexplained votes—aye and no—on all the end-
less variety of questions which could be submitted
—abolition petitions, Wilmot provisoes, private
claims, and the like—and would undoubtedly fur-
nish a most edifying record for the study of his
opponents. The chair was no bed of roses at the
best; but, with this amendment of the rules, it
would be more than ever a bed of thorns.
Mr. ROBINSON rose, he said, not to protract
the talk upon this question. There were, he be-
lieved , some twenty-three amendments which had
10
been reported by the committee, and as yet the
House had not disposed of the first. If he correct-
ly understood the present state of the case, ttie
House had proceeded so far, (and it was a fortu-
nate thins; that they had done so,) as to adopt the
rules of the last House, so that it was not without
something for its. government. He would pause
to inquire from the Speaker whether if he was right
in this supposition ?
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman as asking whether or not the rules
of the last House have been adopted ?
Mr. ROBINSON assented.
The SPEAKER. When the point was submit-
ted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
the Chair stated that if the first clause of the re-
port of the committee should be adopted, the rules
of the House, as they existed at the close of the
last session of Congress, would stand—subject to
Such amendments as might be adopted, either as
reported by the committee, or as offered by mem-
bers and adopted by the House. The Chair is of
opinion that the House has now adopted the rules,
subject to these amendments.
Mr. ROBINSON. Very well. Then we e$n
as well postpone the further consideration of the
subject until we have gone through with the elec-
tion of officers of the House, when we shall have
more time to talk about it. I therefore move that
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until Monday next, and on that motion I call
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. The consequence of which
will be, as well understood by you, sir, (to the
Speaker,) that we shall never get at the rules again-
Is it not so, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot say. The
previousquestion, (addressingMr. Robinson) 
Mr. SCHENCK. I know it is not debatable,
sir.
The SPEAKER (continuing.) The previous
question is not necessary on a motion to postpone.
Mr. CLEVELAND asked the yeas and nays
on that motion; which were refused.
Mr. SCHENCK asked for tellers on the motion
to postpone.
Mr. GENTRY rose to inquire of the Speaker,
whether he had understood the Chair as deciding
that the rules had been adopted subject to modifi-
cations?
The SPEAKER said, in the opinion of Che
Chair such was the state of the case; and the
rules, as they now stood, would be enforced by
the Chair until they should have been modified by
further action of the House.
The question on the motion to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the subject until Monday
next, was then taken and decided in the negative
—ayes 53, noes not counted.
So the House decided that the subject should
not be postponed. . .
Mr. STANTON said that some dissatisfaction
seemed to exist, and dissatisfaction had been ex-
pressed at the length of the discussion which had
taken place on this amendment of the committee.
He thought such dissatisfaction was out of place.
The action of this House was to be controlled
by the rules, now to be adopted, up to the close of
the session; and it appeared to him, that even
some five or six days might be much more usefully
employed in the discussion of the subject, than the
spending of as many weeks in the election of offi-
cers. Very few remarks were necessary from him.
The first amendment was a correct one. It was co-
incided in by every one; approved on all hands.
The Speaker, occupying the Chair, ought not to be
divested of the privilege of voting. He had the same
right to vote as any representative on the floor.
The House had no power to deprive him of that
vote. The Speaker also had a right to express his
opinions; and why there should be an attempt to
bring the coercive power of the House into opera-
tion, to restrict him in the exercise of that right,
more than to restrict any other member? If these
principles are admitted to be correct, whence the
necessity of any rule on the subject? He was
willing to leave it to the discretion of the Speaker,
as it was left to the discretion of every other mem-
ber, to vote or not, as he thought best. He did
not believe that any Speaker would find a«y diffi-
culty in giving his vote on any subject, and in pre-
senting his reasons for such vote. He did not
know that the Speaker might regard it as necessary
for him to show the grounds on which he gave his
vote on any question which might be presented
here. Speeches were not intended for the enlight-
enment of the man himself, but for those to whom
they were addressed, or to the constituents of those
who made them.
The Speaker, however, might be called on to
vote upon almost any question which was to be
decided; and when parties were so equally divided
as they are in the present Congress, the present
Speaker might be frequently placed in that situa-
tion. In that case he did not believe that the pres-
ent Speaker woulcl ever desire to evade the respon-
sibility. He did not believe that any gentleman
who might occupy the chair would object to have
the resolutions put to him which had been referred
to by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
As to matters of an unimportant character, he
did not think that any Speaker ought to make it a
practice to descend from the chair and make a
speech to the House. But in cases of importance,
the propriety of such a course would not be dis-
puted by any one. We ought to leave the Speaker
the same freedom, and impose the same duties on
him, as we leave to and impose on every repre-
sentative here, whether in the chair or on the floor.
On many important topics, there were but few who
had the opportunity of expressing their views, and
who were frequently forced to give their votes
without explaining the reasons on which they were
given. The best course, in his opinion, would be
to adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, and strike out the twelfth rule altogether.
If such a motion was not made, he was now ready
to make it.
Mr. TUCK agreed with gentlemen who con-
sidered the adoption of these rules of some import-
ance. He did not rise, however, to prolong the
debate, but to make an effort to bring it to a ter-
mination. He would only say a word to explain
what the dissatisfaction was which existed, and
why. It was not because gentlemen on his side
felt any unwillingness to listen to the discussion,
but because a majority of the House had already
made up their minds, and were ready now to give
their votes. And if this debate were protracted
for four or five days, not a vote would be changed
by the delay. He would have been glad to vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, if that gentleman had not withdrawnjit.
He thought it useless to protract the debate, and
would close his remarks here, and not subject
himself to the imputation that he was participating
in a protraction of a debate on the rules, while
they were neglecting the weightier matters of the
law. He trusted that these questions might be de-
cided without unnecessary waste of time.
The question wos then taken, and the amend-
ment reported by the committee agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, now moved
that the rule, as it had been amended, be stricken
out. .
The question was taken, and decided mtheneg-
ative without a division.
So the rule, as amended, was retained.
MODE OF VOTING."
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the 14lh rule,
which is in the following words: • •
" In all case) of election byjhe House of its officers, the
vote Shall be taken iii& vocc;— ^
By striking out the words viva vocc anu in-
serting " by ballot." .
[To this rule the committee had not reported
any amendment.] ,, . j
Mr SCHENCK said he would set a good ex-
ample, by not saying one word about the amend-
"aMshber: (in his seat.) You have already
violated your own rule. t
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
