146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
ADMISSION.
The Clerk then read the next amendment, re-
ported by the committee to the 17th rule, being
that which regulates admission within the Hall.
The amendment was merely verbal.
The next amendment, to the same rule, was
read. It extends the privilege of admission to the
members of the Legislatures, for the time being,
of the States and Territories.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agfeed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved to amend
the rule, as amended, by striking out the words
" the Commissioners of the"Navy Board."
Mr« BAYLY. There is no Havy Board.
The question was taken, and the amendment,
by ayes 70, noes not counted,.was agreed to. ;
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved further j
to amend the rule by striking out the woids I
" Treasurer, Comptrollers, Registers, and Audit- i
ors." ;
The question was taken and the amendment ;
was rejected.
The next question was on the "following amend- j,
ment which the committee proposed to add to the <!
end of the said seventeenth rule: i'
"And no person, not known to the Doorkeeper to be en- i
titled to the privilege of the floor, shall entur tlte Hall, un-
less tile Doorkeepor shall he informed by a Member that the j
individual is entitled to admission under this rule.'' I
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, expressed !
the hope that the amendment would be voted
down.
Mr. STEPHENS^ of Georgia, hoped it would
not be voted down. If the House had any rule !
regulating this matter at all, that rule should be j
enforced.
Mr. ROOT moved to amend the amendment by I1
adding after the word " rule," the words " and in J'
what capacity." j
The question was taken, and the amendment to |j
the amendment was rejected.
And tl\e question recurring on the amendment
proposed by the committee, it was taken and (as
the reporter understood) decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend further by adding the words "and such per-
sons as the Speaker or a Member may introduce."
Mr. BUTLER said he desired as many persons
to come in as the House would accommodate.
He believed that they might as well legislate with
closed doors as in the manner they now legislated.
He would rather have no restriction, except as to
the bar. He would have every place filled.
After a brief conversation, Mr. THOMPSON,
of Pennsylvania, asked the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, hoped, he !
said, that the yeas would not be called. All who '
were acquainted with the state of things in the
House knew that most generally, whenever any
subject of interest was before the House, the
outside of the bar was entirely filled up. There
were large galleries for the accommodation of the
people. If ihe amendment was agreed to, the con-
sequence would be that the House would all the
time be legislating in a crowd. He felt satisfied
that the sense of the House was against the
amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, briefly
supported the amendment. He was opposed to
shutting themselves up, whether it was necessary
or not. If inconvenience should arise, the true
responsibility would rest upon those who intro-
duced persons here.
Mr. WOODWARD said: I am utterly opposed,
Mr. Speaker, to the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Butler.] Adopt the
rule suggested, and you will find that gentlemen
least scrupulous, least regardful of the comfort of
this body, and of considerations of propriety, will !
fill the Hall with their favorites and friends, or, j
perhaps, not have sufficient self-respect to deny j
any who may apply to them; while members of j
the opposite character, who are capable of appre- H
ciating what is proper and becoming, will not be ;!
able to find room for a few of their most worthy ;
and esteemed friends. 1
Sir, we sit here not as the people, but as their
-representatives, each representing some eighty
thousand; and it is no compliment to those we rep-
resent, nor anything to their benefit, but greatly to
their disadvantage, to have their representatives.
here, placed on a footing with the rabble of Wash-
ington city. This,sirT"is a Hall for business, for
the business of the people; aftd is it not monstrous,
to pretend, that as public servants, we cannot ap-
propriate a haH for the transaction of business,
and exclude from it a crowd, who perplex «nd ob-
struct our business ? My constituents cannot come
here. There is not one of them in the city. What
will.your rule be worth to them ? What will it be
worth to them, to have their representatives mixed
up with the population-of Washington > Who do
the people of this city represent, that they should
have the privilege of this floor? Whom do they
j come here to serve?
1 Sir, there is not a mechanic on the streets, who
has not the privilege of a workshop, and the right
| to be unmolested in his private vocation; and yet,
j in the great business of the country, gentlemen
would deny to this body an equal pnvilege. Even
' a petty jury, with its little questions of debt, or
, damages, is entitled by Jaw to have a room to
; itself. ' No reasonable man ever thinks of trans-
1 acting any kind of business, however unimportant,
in the midst of a crowd.
Suppose the people assembled at Washington,
should claim the privilege, of entering; the Presi-
dent's business room, who would not regard it as
a monstrous pretension ? Even we the representa-
tives of the people, when business requires us to
see the President,—the business of our constitu-
ents, have to wait in the anti-chamber, and be
entertained in the mean time, by a messenger, a
doorkeeper; yes, a negro doorkeeper, until it is
the pleasure of the President, or Secretary of State,
or some other subordinate of the President, to see
us; and frequently, after waiting two hours, we
are compelled to hurry to this hall, and wait on
the President or Secretary, at a future time. And
no one considers this a hardship. The President
is engaged in the public service, and the interests of
the people require, that he should not be molested
in his business. Would the gentleman think of
imposing upon the king branch of the government,
or any of its subordinates, the degrading terms he
seeks to impose upon this House—to permit any
one member to assemble a rabble on this floor,
to the annoyance of all the rest? Sir, I despise
the proposition ! It impresses my mind with what
so many incidents, have heretofore demonstrated;
that everything is tending to the degradation, and
debasement of the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment, and to bring it under humbler relations
to the Executive than those which the British
House of Commons bears to the King.
Sir, rather than adopt this rule, I would exclude
from this hall every individual, not engaged in the
public business,* which is here transacted. If you
want reform, abolish those enormous galleries.
This done, you would have debate and sensible
discussion, instead of orations and demagogue
harangues, to excite and entertain spectators. The
Journal that is kept and the reporters, would in-
form the people what you are doing.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he should vote for
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, and for the very reasons which had been
brought forward by the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Woodward] for voting against it.
The gentleman had said that the most unscrupu-
lous members of the House would fill the galleries
and the House itself, while others, mindful of pro-
priety, would not introduce their friends. Now,
under the existing rules, the very thing of which
the gentleman complained was perpetrated. Now
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia would relieve that class who were denominated
unscrupulous, from the offence of introducing
strangers into the galleries and upon the floor,
while at the same time it would not aggravate the
evils of which the gentleman complained.
Again, the admission of strangers under this
amendment would not obstruct the business of the
House any more than their admission now did. ;
The gentleman from South Carolina complained j
of the reluctance, even of the superciliousness of;
the President and the heads of the Departments in !
receiving those who called upon them. Yet he
would have the House imitate the very same ex- i
ample. The gentleman would have the populace j
excluded fiom the gallery as well as from the
floor of the House. i!
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (Mr. Mc- [i
Clernand yielding for explanation,) briefly sus- |j
tained the amendment of bis colleague; but his re- li
m$rks were entirely inaudible at the left of the
Speaker.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, interrupted the
remarks of Mr. Thompson, with the point of order
that it was not competent for the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. MeCLERNANB] to yield the floor to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to make a speech
under semblance of an explanation.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order.
After some conversation on the point of order?
Mr. THOMPSON" proceeding with his remarks—■
Mr. JONES rose and claimed the floor, and it
was awarded to him.
He s-aid he was for the people, [a laugh.] He
should be rejoiced if the constituents of every gen^
tleman here could be present and cognizant of
every act and every motion that impelled him to
action. But as it was impossible, and as it was1
impossible for any considerable portion of the
people who were interested in fair, legitimate,
honest legislation, to come into this Hall, they
should, in order to deliberate and discharge the
high duties incumbent upon them, keep out the
harpies, the claim-agents who beset the Represent-
atives of the people at every entrance within the
bar of this Hall. Here were ealleries, large and
ample, not sufficient, however, to contain all the
people of the United States. He would prefer to
give the privilege to membersof inviting every"
body they pleased upon this floor, or to repeal the
rule, abolish the office of doorkeeper, and throw.,
open their doors to the world. Pass this amend-
ment, and it would,be tantamount to that; for he,,
for one, under the privilege secured to him, if thia
amendment were adopted, would give a public in-
vitation to "all the world, and the rest of man-
kind." [Laughter.]
Mr. ROOT said it appeared to him to be of some
importance who were admitted within the HalL
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man would allow a moment's interruption, he
would merely remark that this Hall contained no-
more room than was necessary for those who had
to transact the business of legislation. If, indeedy
we would consent to remove these desks, a great
advantage would be gained in point of room.
Mr. BUTLER modified his proposition so as to
give a member a right to introduce any of his c©n-
stituents.
Mr. ROOT resumed. This proposition did not
look so much to the benefit at large as to the inter-
est of particular gentlemen, whose constituents
were not very remote, and who could easily come
here, while it benefited none of those £;entlemere
whose constituents were at a distance. There was
not more room in the Hall than was necessary for
the accommodation of members. If more were
admitted it would cause great inconvenience.
Members were now beset with constant applica-
tions for invitations to the galleries, or for permis-
sion just to come within the Hall for a few moments
to look on. After a National Convention there
was always a number of persons pressing on them;
they overran the Hall; and when this was the case,,
gentlemen were not in the habit of paying much
attention to the business of the country, but were
practising the agreeable to their visitors.
Mr. R. went on to portray the evils which the
adoption of this amendment would bring in its
train, but, owing to the loud conversation, it was
impossible for the reporter to catch more than de-
tached words. The gentleman from Tennessee
had regarded it as a sort of general invitation.
But he hoped there^was no intention to go to that
length. As to all the talk about the dear people,
admitting the people, he thought that water was
too thin to run .down hill. The people had sent
us here to tiansact their business. They want us
to attend to that business. If any of our constitu-
ents happen to come on here, we can easily get
them accommodated with places in the galleries,
where they have a right to remain as long as they
behave themselves like gentlemen. As to others,
why there were always plenty of persons lounging
about our lobbies, who were very desirous to
serve their country in any way which might be
profitable to themselves; and there- were many
others, who had, perhaps, claims on the Govern-
ment, of very long standing, and which had found
their way into a great variety of hands. But, as
to the people, the best way in which we could pro-
mote their interest, was by coming to a vote on
the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, ©f Tennessee, thought the
