1240
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 18, 1850.
The VICE PRE8SDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of State, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
15th instant, calling for any evidence in said <le-
partment of vexatious suits instituted in any of the
courts of admiralty in the United States against
foreign vessels, transmitting documents containing
all the information in the department in relation to
the subject.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, •
Ordered, That the documents be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Isaac
Hill, asking the protection of the Government in
certain libel suits instituted asamst him in conse-
quence of his official acta while in the service of
the Post Office Department, and an investigation
of the manner in which certain contracts have been
awarded by that department; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial of physi-
cians and members of medical associations in
Savannah, Georgia, asking that the rank of medi-
cal officers in the navy may be assimilated by law
with that of officers of like grades in the medical
staff of the army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CASS,
Oidered, That Ihe petition of John Bronion, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Commuter of Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
Louisiana Elizabeth Lee Alice Ripley, (now Mrs
Ltwson,) the only surviving child of the late Ele-
azer W. Ripley, asking payment for the amount
due her father by the United States courts, sub-
mitted a report in writing, which concludes that it
is inexpedient to grant the claim. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the same committee, made
a minority report on the same case, which was
likewise ordered to be printed, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of L. E. L. A. Lawson, sole sur-
viving heir of General Eleazer W. Ripley.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of the West
Feliciana Railroad Company, asking a remission
of duties on certain importations of railroad iron,
submitted a report, which was ordered'to be print-
ed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the West
Feliciana Railroad Company; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30,1^50, reported back the same with-
out amendment, and asked its immediate consid-
eration.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered as in Committeeof the Whole, and, no
amendment having been offered, it was reporte I to
the Senate, and ordered to be read a third time,
and was read a third time and passed.
M. DE BODTSCO MAJOR TOCHMAN.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tions, which lie over under the rules:
Resulted, That no pen.tl law of a foreign country, for al-
leged political oSVnce?,canor onuluto be enforced, directly
or" indirecliv, within the United Stales; and that it is Ihe
duty of the Executive of this Government to protect citizens
of the United Stales again-t any attempt of foreign powers,
or their diplomatic repiesentatm-s, to mtejiere with the
piivate piir-«uit', rights, or privilrof such citizens, for
the purpose of visiting upon them the effects of such foreign
penal laws.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate ihe foregoing resolution to the diplomatic agent's
of all foreign powers bavins such agents accredited to this
Government; and that ne beaho directed to inform hi? ma-
jesty, the Emperor of Russia, that this Government, Unap-
proves of the attemptoflhe honorable Alexander de Bodhco,
minister from Itu-sia, accredited to thu Government, to su-
persede the authority of Gaspard Tochman, esq., attorney
and counsellor at law, under the employment of the heirs of
General Thaddeus Kos-cmsko.
PRIVATE BILL.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Ffetzel,
widow and administratix of A. R. Hetzel, late
assistant quartermaster in the army of the United
States, came up for its third reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill having
been read a third time, the question is on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I merely rise to read a
section of an act of Congress, which I think is
applicable to this case. It is an act approved
June 30, 1834. It occurs to me that the provisions
of this act were not before the minds of the com-
mittee who reported ihis bill:
" And a'l other purchases on account of the Indians, and
all payment* to them of money or goods -shall he made by
such peison as the President s?haJI designate for that purpose.
And the superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, together with
such military officer as the President may direct, shall he
present and ceitify to the delivery of all goods and money
required to be paid or delivered to the Indians. And the,
d.ities required by anv section of this act of military officers
shall he performed without any other compensation than
their actual tiavelmg expense"; and all persons whatsoever
charged or trusted with the dishuisement or application of
money, « ood% or effects of anv !tmfl *nr tl,e 'he
Indians, sha 1 -ettle their accounts annually at the War De-
partment, on the first dav of O toher, and copies of the
same, shall he hud annually before Congress at the com-
mencement of the rm-uSngsevMon bv the proper accounting
officers together with a h-t ot the names of all persons to
whom money, goods or (fleets had been ddiveied within
said vear for the benefit of the Indian?, specifying the
amount and object loi which it was intended, and showing
who are delinquents, if any, in forwarding then accounts
accoHiing to the provision* of this act; and aNo a list of the
name' of all persons appointed or employed under tins ;ict,
with the d.ites of their appointment or employment, and the
salary and pay of each.5'
Jt is no wonder, then, that there was no charge
made by this deceased officer for any compensation
for disbursing this money; for he very well knew
it. was a duty required of him by the existing law.
This is an application made hv his widow, and
on its own separate merits. Whenever a question
shall corne up m a general form for the relief of the
widows of deceased officers, that will he another
matter for consideration, and f trust I shall he as
liberal as others, with a due regard for the public
interest. This was clearly a duty which he was
obliged to perform under the existing law. My
attention has been called to another clause of that
law:
" And every Indian agent shall reside and keephi? agency
within or near the territory ol ihe tube for which he may be
ag^nt, and at such plnce a- the Pi evident mjy designate, and
shall not depart from the limits of hi* agency without per-
mission. And it ••hall he competent tor the President to re-
quire any military officer of the Umttd Stales to execute the
duties of Indian agent."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would prefer that this
bill lie upon the table till to-morrow, that all may
have an opportunity to look into the law which
applies to this case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not think
there can be any great difficulty about this bill. I
think the Senator from Indiana has confounded
disbursements of annuities as an Indian agent,
with the service of removal. This was service in
the removal of Indians—a service assimilated to
the duties of a quartermaster in theatrny. It
is not the disbursement of money as an Indian
agent.
Mr. DAWSON. I will read the act which re-
lates to this particular case, although I am much
obliged to the Senator from Indiana for the state-
ments he has made:
" JJwl he it further enacted, That all merchandise required
by any Indian ireaty, for the Indians, payable after making
such treaty, shall he purchased under the direction of ihe
Secretary "of War, upon proposals to be received to be based
on nonces previou-ly to he given ; and all nieichand^e re-
I qusred at the making of any Indian treaty, sHall be pur-
chased under the order of the commissioners by such p< r-
son n-5 they «!viM appoint, or bv such person as shall be des-
ignated by the Pre«uhrit for that pimose. All other
purchases on account of the Indians and all pawnenHto
them on account of money or goods i-hall he made bv such
person as the President shall designate for that purpo-e.
And the superintendent, agent, or sub-agent, together with
such military officer as the President may direct, chall be
present, arid certify to the delivery of all goods and money
| required to be paid or delivered to the Indians. And the
duties required by any section ol this act of military officers,
shall he performed without any other compensation than
their actual traveling expenses ; and all persons whatsoever
charged or trusted with the disbursement or application of
money, good-, or effects of any kind, for the benefit of the
Indians shall settle their account* annually at the War
Department on the fir^t day of October, and copies of the
same shall be laid annually before Congress at the com-
mencement of the ensuing se««ion. bv the proper account-
ing officers ; together with a list of the names of all persons
to whom money, goods, or effects had been delivered with-
in the j-aid ye.ir for the benefit of the fndian?—specifying
the amount and the object for which it was interded, and
showing who are delinquents, if anv, in forwarding their
account* accouhng to the provisions of this act; and also a
list of the names of .dl persons appointed or employed under
this act, with the dates of their appointment or employment,
and the salary and pay of each."
That is the only law, and has no connection
whatever with the case now before the Senate.
The law relating to disbursements made in form-
ing a treaty is designed to keep fraudulent conduct
out, and to apply to all presents and donations
made at the time. It requires that there shall be
an officer of the army to certify to these things,
and he frequently acts, as the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has stated, m the
capacity of a commissioner, and he frequently dis-
burses thousands of dollars. In these cases ho
receives no pay except his traveling expenses.
But these disbursements were made under different
circumstances, on the removal of the Indians, and
involved the paying out of large sums of money
and the transporting of everything belonging to
the quartermaster and commissary's department.
I hope the vote upon the bill will not be postponed.
Mr. KING. The bill before the Senate is or,a
of considerable inipoita'nce, not so much on ac-
count of the amount appropriated, as on account
of its being; a precedent for similar cases. To my
mind, it appears to open a wide door. The act of
Congress was designed to guard against these
chaiges, m >de by officers who had made disburse-
ments for Government which they did not con-
sider ns strictly within the line of their duty as offi-
cers. I am, however, prepared to look at this thing
in the most favorable light, and to examine it with
care, and if I can see that it is .m accordance with
the act of Congress to distinguish this case from
others, where persons ate detailed for the purpose
of carrying out these Indian treaties, it shall have
my support. This disbursing officer was desig-
nated, I believe, for that purpose, in consequence
of its being necessary that a considerable sum of
money should be disbuised in removing these
tribes of Indians. I am not now going into the ex-
amination of the case. 1 wish the Senate to turn
their attention to it, because it appears to me to
open a wide door. I therefore cordially cm< ur in
the motion of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky to postpone the further consideretion of the
bill till to-morrow, 111 order that the Senate may
look into it. Anxious as I am to do full.ju-tice to
this meritorious officer, if I can vote for this bill,
1 shall assuredly do so with great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the friends
of this bill will not press the action of the Stn ue
upon it at this time. If Senators desire to exam-
ine it further, I am willing it should lie over. But
I wish to say to the Senator from Alabama that
this cannot involve a very large amount. It is a
case of an officer having disbursed money before
the law was passed to which the Senator from
Indiana refers. He never received the percentage
which all officers who made disbursements before
that time did receive. It whs a mere accident that
he did not. If be hod pieseoted his claim before,
he would have received his percentage. Theie
must be few if any cases gf this kind which have
rot been already settled. I stated yesterday that
I knew of none. !, however, make no objection
to its being postponed.
The motion to postpone was accordingly agreed to.
AMENDATORY ACT.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate took
up for consideration bill No. 172, being the bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to regulate the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage," ap-
proved 2d March, 1799.
" No amendment having been offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read a third uuie and
DONATION OF LANDS.
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, I rise to ask a
favor of the Senate; and, as it is but seldom that
I make calls upon the time of this body, I hope
the indulgence will be accorded to me. 1 move
you to take up and consider at this time, though
not strictly in the order of business, bill No 20, -
to grant alternate sections of the public lands to
aid the State of Iowa to construct a railroad from
Dubuque, via Iowa City and Keokuk, in Iowa.
1 his bill, Mr. President, as 1 have amended and
prepared it, is made to conform in its provisions
to the bill making a grant of land to the State of
Illinois to aid that State in the construction of
what is called the Central Railroad. I have pur-
posely made its provisions conform to the bill
passed for Illinois, m order that there may be no
necessity for amendment or discussion in relation
to its provisions and principles, the whole having
been fully discusscd in tins body at the time of
