1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
the passage of that bill. This bill, as amended
by my colleague and myself, with the consent of
the Committee on Public Lands, unites the two
bills reported from that committee, providing for
frants of land to construct a railroad from Du-
utjue to Keokuk, and one from Davenport, via
Jowa City, to the Missouri river. The quantity
of land proposed to be appropriated, as near as I
can estimate the same, with the data now given—
the whole country through which the proposed
roads are to be constructed not being yet sur-
veyed—is about one million four hundred and fifty
thousand acres; being some seventy or eighty
thousand acres less than that granted to our sister
State of Illinois.
the bill was taken up and read, together with a
substitute reported as an amendment by the com-
mittee, and an amendment to the amendment
which was offered by Mr. Jones.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are two or three things
which I desire to know before I vote on this bill,
and I presume the Senator from Iowa can give me
the information I desire. I wish to know, first,
the number of acres appropriated by the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa; and,
second, I desire to know whether there is any pro-
vision in either of the amendments, or in the 011-
ginal bill—for I believe this is a triangular bill—
providing for the disposition of the remaining sec-
tions, after the alternate sections shall have been
selected for the railroad, for any sum beyond the
maximum price established by law, $1 25?
Mr. JONES. In answer to the inquiry of the
Senator, I have to state, that the alternate sections
reserved to the United States within the limits of
this giant, are to be increased in the minimum
pi ice $1 25 per acre—to $2 50. I consider this an
illiberal provision; but as it was incorporated in
the Illinois giant, and as the passage of our bill
might be endangered were the reserved sections
not enhanced in price, we have been constrained to
submit, to this (as we regard it) onerous provision,
imposed upon us by the committee before present-
ing it to the Senate for its action. The Govern-
ment will lose nothing by the grant at all, but, on
the contrary, will be greatly benefited, and its
treasury replenished by the immediate and much
more rapid sale of its public domain. The antici-
pated construction of these roads will direct the at-
tention of the emigrants to the country through
which they are to pass, and will cause the sale of
millions of acres of land—the pruirie and other less
valuable portions of which would not otherwise
be sold for many years to come, because of the
difficulty of procuring timber; and of transporting
to market the immenseainount of surplus produce
which our State must eventually, and at no distant
day, yield.
The first of these railroads is to connect with the
great national railroads which bind the wealthy east-
ern cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
the western cities of Buffalo, Detroit, Chicago, and
Galena, with theFather of Waters, at the flourish-
ing young city of Dubuque, which is the heart of
one of the richest and most extensive mineral and
agricultural regions m America. It is to run a dis-
tance of about one hundied and eighty miles, in a
south western direction, through the interior of our
Suite, and by way of our seat of government, :
Iowa City, Fairfield, and other flourishing towns
and rich poitions of Iowa, to the city of Keokuk,
jn the most wealthy and populous county of our
State.
The other road, from Davenport to the Missouri
river, is intended to be the last link which is to
unite the territories of the United States, which lie
west of the Missouri river with another branch of
railroads which run fuilher to the South, through
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and
which are now being prosecuted with considera-
ble energy, as 1 am informed, by those States.
The completion of these works of internal im-
provement, is earnestly desired by the people of
our Stale, who have held public meetings, conven-
tions, &c., m various places, and at all seasons, at
great trouble, cost, and expense to themselves.
Sir, as one of their Representatives, I sincerely
hope this boon may be granted to them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to get some addi-
tional information from the gentleman from Iowa
before I vote upon this amendment. I want to
know whether these railroads which are contem-
plated here have been begun? Whether any steps
have been taken to make any of them ? Whether
any company has been chartered to construct
them? Whether the State has done anything to
put these woiks into operation'1 Or whether it is
merely a grant of land, in contemplation that the
State will hereafter do something to construct
these roads and to provide the necessary funds?
Now, sir, I have been quite liberal in granting
lands, and I feel disposed to be liberal in granting
lands for the purposes of internal improvement,
for that is one of the articles of my political creed.
If it is not done by the United States let it be done
by the States; and if not by the Slates, let it be
done by companies. But it seems to me that this
bill probably contemplates going further than we
ever have gone heretofore, bv granting lands in
anticipation that the State will do something for
(he purpose of constructing the roads. I am dis-
posed to wait until the State shall have com-
menced operations, as in the case of Illinois the
other day; and if Iowa has actually commenced
these works, 1 have no objection at all to give to
her, so far as she may have commenced them,
the same grant which we gave to Illinois. I do
not think it would be proper to make the grant
without information on this point.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa The people of our
State feel a deep interest m this measure. My
colleague has the more immediate charge of the
bill, and has worked at it very industriously in the
committee, and succeeded in getting the bill re-
ported. 1 will state, however, that the Legislature
and people ol Iowa have made a commencement
in this matter. They ha've gone to a consider-
able expense in making vety minute geograph-
ical and topographical surveys of the country,
and they are now making every preparation which
they can make. But a large portion of ihe plan
lies through the Government 'andw, and the people
are desirous of obtaining this grant as the founda-
tion on which to raise a fund to complete this to
them very great and important woik.
Mr. FELCH. I wish to make a single inquiry.
As I understand the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa to the amendment of the com-
mittee, it is simply to make this one bill embrace
two bills which have been reported from the com-
mittee. Am 1 risht?
Mr. SHIELDS. It i<s simply uniting together
two bil's which have passed the committee, or
<c tacking" them together is, I believe, the proper
term.
Mr. FELCH. I am perfectly satisfied with the
explanation. I have had occasion to examine
the two bills, and am satisfied that they ought to
receive the sanction of the Senate.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment offered by Mr Jones,
winch was adopted. The amendment,as amended,
also was adopted.
Mr. DODGE, of fowa, moved further to amend
the bill by adding after the end of the last section
the following word?: " Provided the said State of
Iowa shall, by jts Legislature, accept said grant, of
lands for the purposes and on the conditions named
in this act."
Mr. KING. I think my friend will see that the
amendment is unnecessary.
Mr DODGE. Well, I will withdraw it.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi There is one
feature of the bill, which has heretofore been ob-
jected to, of which I should like to have some in-
formation. I mean the right to go beyond the
adjoining sections to hunt for any amount of land
which may he deficient within these tiers.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is limited to fifteen—the
same as the Illinois bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is a precise copy of the
bill already discussed and past by the Senate, and
has no new provisions in it at all.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whatis the pre-
cise form of the bill at present, but I believe thai
two bills have been united. 1 see in the last sec-
tion a provision for the carrying of the mails at a
reasonable price. Now, we make a pretty large
donation to this railroad. I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa to say the number of acres appro-
priated by this bill is between eleven and twelve
hundred thousand, which, at the rate of one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre, amounts to about a
million and a half of dollars, the interest on which
would be about ninety thousand dollars a year.
Lands given in alternate sections—six alternate
sections on each side—is equivalent to a grant of a
continuous line of land six miles wid6. I s&ppose
the road will be about three hundred miles m
length. Am I right ?
Mr. JONES. Rather less.
Mr. PEARCE. The maximum price for trans-
portation on railroads is about three hundred dol-
lars per mile; so that it would be about ninety
thousand dollars for the whole road; or rather less,
as the road is*less in extent than three hundred
miles. I suppose that the interest upon the value
of this land, thus given as a contribution to this
railroad, will be about equal to the maximum
price of transportation of the mails over that road,
and yet by this bill the Government is to pay a
reasonable price for the transportation of these
mails. It seems to me that we should have a quid
pro quo. The interest on the grant of land ($90,000)
is the exact, rate of the transportation of the mails.
I theiefore move to amend the 8th section, pro-
viding for the transportation of the msils, by stri-
king out all after the words " Post Office Depart-
ment," and inserting u transported free of any
charge."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will not be in order until the billtis reported back
to the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say one word only
upon this matter. The error into which the Sen-
ator has fallen is this: This is not a donation en-
tirely, because ihe Government is to have a double
price for the other alternate sections 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state (hat thete is no question pending.
There being no further proposition to amend,
the bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
inmei.dmpnts were concurred in.
Mr. PEARCE moved to amend the section of
the bill providing for the transportation of the
mail by striking out the words "at such price as
Congiess may by law direct," and inserting m
lieu thereof " free of all charge to the United
States."
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only to state that,
whilst the bill grants alternate sections to the
State, on condition that the road shall be made, it
also provides that the price of the other alternate
sections should be doubled, so that the Govern-
ment will lose nothing by the passage of this bill;
and I think we may safely leave the rate to be
paid for the transportation of the mails to be fixed
by Congress, as proposed by this section. I shall
not argue the question, because this point was
thoroughly discussed on the Illinois bill, ard re-
ceived ihe sanction of the Senate by an overwhelm-
ing majouty; and, as an Illinoian, I dislike to see
our friends from Iowa worse treated than the Sen-
ate treated us, and less hbeiahty shown' towards
them than was shown towards us.
Mi. PEARCE. The payment of double price
for the other alternate sections will fall upon
others than the railroad company. They will be
benefited by this grant, and U 13 right that we
should have some consideration from them. I&hall,
therefore, not withdraw my amendment.
The {question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it. was negatived.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I want to ob-
ject to this individual case, because I do not want
to be invidious; but I want to make this suggestion
for the consideration of the Senate. It has been
decided to be pretty orthodox doctrine that we
should not enter upon a ay-tern of internal improve-
ments for the General Government. That is a
part of the Baltimore platform, I believe. There
is no objection to individual cases, but only to " a
system." Now, how many cases weie needed to
make " a system'" I believe grants have been
already made to Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa. I
am willing to go as far as we can with individual
cases, but I think there is some danger of our get-
ting into a system.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of California, as a State, into the Union,to es-^
tablish territorial governments for Utah and New
Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
establishment of her western and northern bound-
aries.
