1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
A discussion of several hours' duration ensued,
for which see Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 19, 1850.
The.Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PENSACOLA AND MONTGOMERY RAILROAD.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a bill, of which,
he said, previous notice had been given.
The title of the bill was read as a bill " granting,
upon certain conditions, alternate sections of the
public lands along the route ot a railroad from
Pensacoia, in tiie State of Florida, to Montgomery,
in the State of Alabama, and for other purposes."
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and objected.
So the bill was not introduced.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular older of bu-
siness.
The SPEAKER thereopon announced the reg-
ular order of business to be, the call of the com-
mittees for reports, commencing where the call was
last suspended, with the Committee of Ways and
Means.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30th, ltfol, and
for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. BAYLY said, in order to avoid cavil herejp
after, he uusired to state that the amendments and
additions to this bill had been so numerous, that
it would be requisite that the whole bill should be
copied. It would not be safe to send it to the
pvinier in its present condition. He had made this
statement to avoid dispute hereafter. He moved
that the bill be refetred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
Ordered accordingly.
BOU.NTY LANDS.
Mr. MASON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a lesolution, providing that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union should terminate in two hours (alter it
should have been taken up) upon the bill providing
for the soldiers of the war of 1812, '13, '14, and
*15, with Great Biitain, the Indian wars of 1811,
the (Florida) Sermnoie war of 1835-6, &c., and
the war, known as General Wayne's, of 1792
to 1795, that have not heretofore been provided
for.
[Several Voices. No, no; we might as well
not take up the bill at all ]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I make the
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in re-
ply to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson",j that it will not be in order to oiler a
resolution closing debate until the bill shall have
been taken up in committee.
Mr. MASON. Then 1 move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union tor the purpose of taking up
the bill The House will recollect that it has been
made the special order of the day.
[Several Voices. Let the committees be called
for leports ]
Mr. MASON. I would cheerfully withdraw
my motion to permit the call of committees for
reports, if there was any prospect that that object
could be accomplished. But the whole of yester-
day was spent in au unpiofitable and useless dis-
cussion, and it is probable, if I should withdraw
the motion, that this day also will be consumed m
a similar way upon some other proposition. 1
adhere to my motion.
Mr. WENl'WORTH put an inquiry to the
Chair in lelation to the order of business, to which
The SPEAKER replied, that the bounty land
bill being the special orderof theday, if the House
should resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the committee would
have no discretion, but would be compelled to take
up that bill. It was not in the power of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union Jo
change an order of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If tfie bill should not
be disposed of to-day, will the special order have
been exhausted ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The special
order is to continue from day to day until the bill
shall have been disposed of.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Mason, and was decided in the affirmative,
without a division.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rich-
ardson, of Illinois, in the Chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the special order of the day,
being the bill " providing for soldiers of the war
of 1812, 1813, 1814, and 1815 with Great Britain,
the Indian wars of 1811, the (Florida) Seminolean
war of 1835, 1836, &c., and the war known as
General Wayne's, of 1792 to 1795, that have not
heretofore been provided for.''
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose to put an
inquiry to the Chair. He understood that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Albertson] had
prepared an amendment in behalf of a minority of
the Committee on Public Lands, which extended
the law to militia as well as volunteers, and took
oiFthe limitation as to the time of service, leaving
the law like the law giving land to Mexican sol-
diers. He (Mr. McL.) desired to know whether
it would be in order tor the gentleman from In-
diana to move that amendment. If it would not
be in order, then it was his (Mr. McL. 's) intention
to move that the committee should go back into
(he House, m order that that amendment might
be moved.
The CHAIRMAN said, it would be in order for
ihe gentleman from Indiana [Ylr. Albrrtson] to
move his amendment in committee.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading of
the bill.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
Jones and the Speaker.
The bill was then read, as follows:
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the dinted States of men cum C)ii%rei>stis$einbLed, That end)
mm-c ommissiorn d officer, musician, and private, enlisted or
regit lai ly mustered into, and served in, any volunteer compa-
ny for a penod of fix months and over, in (he war with Great
Britain ot eighteen hundred and twelve, thirteen, fourteen,
and fit teen, the Indian wars ol eighteen tiundied and eleven,
(Floiida) tjeininol.-an war of eighteen bundled and thiny-
live, tutrtj-HA, &(\, oi in the war, known G> nt'«al
Was lie's wai, of seventeen hundred and nmety-two to sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five, that have not been hereto-
fore provided for by the General Government with bounty
land, pension, or a bounty of more than fitly dollar.-, and
who have rccuvi d an honorable dischaigc, shall be entitled
to receive a crtitie ite or wariant from the D-part^ncnt of
Hie Interior, lor Uio>e who seived six months and less
l.'hss than twelve months, eighty acre? ; and tlio-^e who served
twelve months ami over, one hundred and sixty acres ot
lend ; which may be located by the warrantee or ln> widow
at any land office of the United States, in track- of not les&
than eighty ac re-s each, and in conformity with the legal
subdivision^ thereof, m such district then subject to private
eutrj ; and upon the return ot such land vvanantor certifi-
cate, with evidence of tl.c location thereof having been le-
zaliy made, to the Geneial Laud Office, a patentshall issue
then f>r; and that, in the event ot the death of any non-
commissioned oificer, musician, or private, who may have
received Ins discharge, and before the isnie of til's certificate
or warrant, then itshall be i-^ued in favor, and innure to the
benefit ot Iih widow, if living at the tune of the passage of
ibis act; and in the event of her death before the Issue of
the reriifieate 01 wai raar, then it >-hall go to his children, if
any; and all s-ales, moi igages, powe s, or other instruments
ot wining, going to afit el Ihe tnir or claim to such bounty
rij:ht, made or ex^eutt d priot to the issue ot such wari.int
or certifi -ate, shall be null and void to all intents and pur-
poses whai-ot ver; nor shall any f-uch claim to bounty right
no. in any wise, ufiected or changed uy any soldier prior to
the i^suancf of such ceinlieate or vvarfant: Provided ^ That
no ItHid warrant or ccrtirjcate, issut d under tins provisions
of this act, flull be located upon any lands ot the United
States to which there shall he a preemption right, unh rs by
the consent, in writing, of the preempto , attested by two
respectable witnesses, and filed m ihe otfjee where locaied.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said that the bill be-
fore the committee was not such as he would
desire it to be. It did not provide for as many of
these meritorious citizens mid soldiers, whose ser-
vices were so highly estimated by the American
people, as he desired that it should provide for.
He stated that this bill had undergone the ex-
amination of the Committee on Public Lands. It
varied from the one which he had the honor to
introduce. With reference to the bill he had in
troduced, it will be discovered, by all who will
take the trouble to examine it, that he had made
provision for all American soldiers who had riot
heretofore been provided for. My friend from
Kentucky (continued Mr. C.) had also introduced
a bill containing similar provisions. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands took both these bills into
consideration, and dissected them so as to con-
struct out of them the bill now before the Com-
mittee of the Whole, i would have greatly
preferred my own bill, ov the bill intioduced by
my friend from Kentucky; but I could not get
either of these bills, and i have been obliged to
take the bill prepared by the Committee on .Public
Lands. I undeistand that it is intended, by one
of the minority of the committee, to move as an
amendment, a substitute for the bill; and, as I de-
sire to place myself in a right position, I will now
say, that this is the first time I have ever heaid of
that amendment, if, however, the substitute
should be of the character which 1 believe it to
be, i shall support it. I like it better than the bill
which has been reported from the committee.
When, therefore, that amendment shall be per-
fected and offered as a substitute for this bill, I
shall be inclined to vote for it; because it proposes
a provision for a greater number of those of our
patriotic citizcns who have stood forward to fi^ht
the battles of their country, than the bill which I
have reported by instruction of the Committee on
Public Lands.
1 have no intention, Mr. Chairman, to take
up the time of the committee, by making a
speech. I will not consume time, by taking an
hour to explain matters which must be familiar to
every member of the committee. The provisions
contained in this bill ought to have been made
many years ago. The patriotic soldiers, for whose
benefit this bill is intended, ought to have received
the recompense it gave years ago. Long before I
had a seat in this House, 1 was instructed that Con-
gress had not provided for those meritorious men.
The occurrence of the Mexican war presented a
favorabe opportunity for including this neglected
class in the legislation which necessauly grew out
of that contest. He did not mean to disparage
the services of the soldiers who fought in the
Mexican war, or deny their right to the compen-
sation which had been awarded them. It was right
and proper that they should have their reward,
and he would have supported the bill for their re-
lief had he been a member of this House.
He would occupy no more of the time of the
committee, except to give notice of his intention
to move certain amendments, and he desired to
state what these amendments were, in order that
his views might be intelligible to the committee,
and that there mighj not hereafter be any miscon-
ception of his course.
My first amendment, Mr. Chairman, is in re-
lation to officers. It is my desire to bring the
officers within the beneficial operation of this bill.
The Committee on Public Lands had that question
before them, but it has been voted down, h was
held by the committee that the oificers were net so
much entitled to the benefit of the provisions of
this bill1, as the non-commissioned officers and
soldiers. Since the discission which took place
in the committee on this subject, 1 have become
moie thoroughly convinced of the propriety tf
extending the provisions of the bill to officers. I
therefore give notice of my intention, at a proper
time, to move to amend the bill by inserting ihe
word "officers."
There were also other verbal amendments which
he designated, the objects of which were, to extend
the provisions of the bill to those who had left the
army, but who may not have their honorable dis-
charge in their possession, provided they shall
have rendered the services entitling them to the
recompense; and also to diminish the term of ser-
vice which should qualify them for the relief pro-
vided by this bill, so as to give some fifty acres to
each person who may have rendered fatthfni ser-
vices for the period of three months. It was not
so much the quantity of land granted, as the evi-
dence it yielded that Congress and the country
had a just appreciation of their services, which
would satisfy those gallant men who had risked
their lives in the service of the country.
He concluded with stating that it was not his pur-
pose now to go into any long discussion. He had
in his desk many volumes containing a history of
the war, and of the services rendered by these sol-
diers. He could give copious extracts from these
for the information of the committee, hut he did not
deem it necessary to detain the committee for that
purpose.
Mr. C- having concluded—
Mr. ALBERTSON offered the following as a
substitute for the bill; which was read:
Strike out after the enacting clause and insert,
