148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
were before the committee to improve the harbor
of Cleveland on Lake Erie, it would be perfectly
in order to question the right of the General Gov-
ernment to make the improvement; the great
subject of the power of the Government over in-
ternal improvements would be fully open*, the
condition of the treasury, present and prospective,
to bear the expense, would properly come under
debate. The necessity, expediency, and practica-
bility of this particular measure would also'be open
for discussion; but on the question whether Cleve-
land harbor should be improved, it clearly would
not be in order to go into a debate ahout'the slave
trade or slavery in the District of Columbia, nor
for a gentleman, to make a speech to prove that
Santa Fe is in the State of Texas.
Now, sir, when the question of slavery or the
slave trade in the District of Columbia, or the ques-
tion of the boundary of Texas comes up to be acted
upon, I am ready and willing patiently and atten-
tively to hear all that may be said on both sides;
but I am not willing, while I am engaged in the
consideration of another important measure, to
have those or any other wholly irrelevant questions
dragged into the debate to distract the attention of
the members, disturb the harmony of the body,
and produce mischievous agitation in the country.
There is no danger but that all questions in
which the people of the United States feel an inter-
est will come up for consideration here. It is im-
possible to prevent it, if we would. Every gentle-
man will have a proper occasion for the expression
of his opinion on all questions, if we will but do
one thing at a time, and devote ourselves to the
matter in Jiand. I have been an attentive observer
of the progress of this abuse, and I am firmly per-
suaded that to this departure from the law of the
House, as well as from the rule of reason and com-
mon sense in the transaction of business, we are
chiefly indebted for the unhappv state of things
now existing in the country. The people have
been inflamed and alarmed by speeches made upon
questions having nothing to do vfith the harangues
of those who sought to produce agitation. The
House by this abuse has been converted into an
instrument for stump speeches and the most mis-
chievous invectives. In this way sectional and
local hatreds and prejudices have been, and will
continue to be fomented, unless the abuse be cor-
rected .
This abuse was the chief cause of the increased
and increasing length of the sessions of Congress.
Members being permitted to choose their own
topics to speak upon, without any regard to the
question under debate, multitudes of speeches are
made, and topics brought before the House to an-
swer local purposes, and which, if the debate were
confined within proper and reasonable limits,
would never be heard of; or, if heard of, only in
their proper place. We had therefore more speak-
ing than formerly, and of a worse character. In
this way, members who wish to speak to the
question, and explain the reasons for their'votes,
are crowded out and forced to vote without being:
heard; and then commences a series of personal
explanations in the House, or perhaps a debate
on the subject on some other bill, when the ques-
tion has passed by and been disposed of.
Mr. DISNEY said he had but a single word to
say in reply to his colleague. If he had under-
stood the remarks of his colleague, they went di-
rectly to the existence of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. If you restrict
the latitude of debate in that committee—if you
impose this limit to discussion—in what will con-
sist the difference between the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and a Committee
of the Whole ? In the imagination of his colleague,
if the subject comes once into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, that committee
has divested itseif of all power to restrain discus-
sion; for he had said that there was no mode of
restricting it. Had he forgotten that any member
of the committee could move that the committee
rise and repot t the bill ? Was it not competent
for any one to move that the committee rise and
report progress, and then that the House adjourn.
Mr. VINTON explained, that if, when in com-
mittee, a motion was made to rise and report the ;
bill, any member could put aside the motion by
rising to speak to the bill or to move an amend- ;
ment; such motion did not stop debate. -
Mr. DISNEY asked his colleague if he meant to ;
pay that in such a case it was not competent for I
the committee to rise and report, and thus end
the matter?
Mr. VINTON replied, that he did intend to
say so, in case any member wished to speak or
move an amendment.
Mr. PRESTON KING was of opinion that the
House, having perfect control of the committee,
could at any time put an end to a debate.
Mr. DISNEY said he was unfamiliar with the
usages of this House. But he had very little re-
spect for any usage the effect of which was to di-
vest any body of its rights.
Mr. VINTON here referred to the different
rules of the House, to show in what points there
appeared to be conflicting provisions.
Mr. DISNEY insisted that the old rules were
consistent in their tendency to carrying out the old
Parliamentary law. There was the same law op-
erating in'the House and in committee, but the
usage under it was no^po fettered down in com-
mittee as it was in the House. The law was such,
be the usage what it may. But his object was,
principally, to ask his colleague why, at this pai-
ticular juncture, he desired to try to fetter down
debate ? He only asked for information.
Mr. VINTON replied that he only desired that
the rule should be put in such a shape as to check
the prevailing abuse which allowed members to
introduce every topic under the present system;
this was allowed to be done, while other members
were compelled to sit, and hear in silence.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he un-
derstood the rules now under consideration were,
if adopted, to become the rules of the House. He
wished, therefore, to make a single remark. It is
a rule that every member shall restrict himself in
debate to the question before the House. The
same rule is applicable to the Committee of the
Whole. If we go to adopt any more stringent
rule, what would be its practical effect? We
should lose more time in attempting to confine
members to the subject, by frequent calls to order,
or by motions to suspend "the rules in order to per-
mit members to speak, than if the discussion went
on under the restraint of the old rule. It is only
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,^that the acts of the Executive and of the
Heads of the Departments can be considered, and
brought into free and full discussion. Are gentle-
men afraid that these discussions will come up?
Are they alarmed at the prospect of too rigid and
|i sifting an examination?
'I Mr. ASHMUN. Will the gentleman allow me
J to remind him that this amendment comes from
| the Committee on the Rules, appointed by the
' Chair, and that the chairman and a majority of the
! members of that committee are Democrats?
j Mr. THOMPSON resumed. lie was attend-
i ing to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
' not to the report of the committee. No matter
j who reported the amendment, he asked what
| would be its effect? The gentleman from Ohio
! had said that it had been the practice to examine
i these matters closely in committee. Now he
; wished this to continue to be the practice. He
i desired the adoption of no rule by which the pres-
ent mode of examining the subjects which ema-
! nated from the Heads of Departments should be
! relaxed.
As the gentleman from Ohio was familiar with
the subject, he would suggest to him that, in case
any gentleman was placed in a false position by
the course of the debate, ought he not to have an
opportunity to reply ? It has been said that this
: may lead to a debate of an exciting character; and
j it may be so. One member makes a remark which
' calls for a reply; one word may lead to another,
; and thus the whole field of debate may be thrown
j open. No rule that could be adopted would pre-
vent this.
Mr. VINTON said this practice had grown out
of the abuse of the rule. Formerly there was no
] such practice as an order of the House to terminate
; debate in committee.
Mr. THOMPSON replied by a reference to the \
| course pursued in the twenty-sixth Congress, when i|
' the majority had sufficient power to grind down !
the minority. He reminded the House that, in a j.
case where the House remained thirty-six hours in j
session, because the majority had determined to ,,
take the bill out of the Committee of the Whole on !:
the state of the Union, the majority forced the mi- '
nority, who had determined to be heard, to aban- li
don speaking. Mr. Barnard got up at one o'clock !l
in the morning to obtain the floor, when the other
side took the ground that he was out of order; and
by,raising questions of order, kept the committee
from one until eight o'clock before he was permit-
ted to proceed. He wished that the utmost lati-
tude should be given to debate. He believed there
was no other important rule to be considered.
Mr. ROOT said there was a proposition to in-
troduce a new rule relative to the Committee on
the Contingent Fund.
Mr. THOMPSON. That is a very good rule.
Gentlemen aro.und him were pressing him to move
an adjournment. He was perfectly willing to go
through with the rules to-day, if it could be done.
But if not, he would move to postpone the further
consideration of the report till Monday next. He
was willing to adopt the rules now; but believing
this could not be done, he would move that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until Monday next.
Mr, PRESTON KING sent to the table an
amendment to the 107th rule, providing, that if
the majority of any committee shall refuse to re-
port within thirty days on any petition or memo-
rial submitted to them for consideration, it shall
be in order for a minority of such committee to
report to the House.
Mr. INGE moved that the House do now ad-
journ; which was negatived.
The question was then taken on Mr. Thomp-
son's motion to postpone.
Mr. DUER rose to inquire of the Speaker,
whether, if the subject was postponed until Mon-
day, it would come up on that day in preference
to other business?
The SPEAKER said, that in the opinion of the
Chair, it would be the first business in order on
that day, unless, between this time and that, some
special order should be made.
Mr. DUER. If it should not be postponed, and
we should now adjourn, what becomes of the
report ?
The SPEAKER. It would come up in the or-
ders of the day; it is not in the nature of a special
order. -
Mr. DUER. So, tlren, we do not know when it
will come up.
The vote was then announced as ayes 97, noes
69.
So the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until Monday next.
Mr. SCHENCIC moved that it be made the spe-
cial order for that day.
The SPEAKER said that the motion would
only be in order under a suspension of the rules.
Objections were made.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable him to submit the motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether, if the
House should now adjourn, his motion to suspend
the rules would come up to-morrow?
The SPEAKER said, that a motion to suspend
the rules would not be in order to-morrow.
ifir. SCHENCK was putting another inquiry,
when—
Mr. INGE insisted on .the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
that motion.
Mr. VINTON rose to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the rules had been adopted.
The SPEAKER said, the,motion to adjourn
took precedence.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 89, noes 83.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and appropriately referred :
By Mr. POTTER: The memoiial of O-car White and
others, eitizrns of Luc.h county, Ohm. asking tor an appro-
priation to improve the navigation of the Maiunut* nv« r.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The memorial
of J. J. Rupert and 98 others, citizcns of Pennsylvania, for
a modification ot the tariff, and the introduction of specific
duties in regard to certain articles. Referred to the Oom-
nnltee of Ways and Means.
Alio, the memorial of Wm. Scott and 35 others, similar
to the above.
Also, the petition of citizen4? of Potter county, Pennsyl-
vania, for a mail loutefiom Pike Mills,Potter county, to
Westfield, Tioga eount\. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Otfice and Po>t Roads.
Also, a petition frotn the inhabitants of the same county,
for a mail route from Roulette, Potter county, to Ceres,
