1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
"That each non-commissioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate, who served hi the military f-ervn e ot the Uiyled btates
durum the lus-t war wHi) Great Btitnin, commenced in ne
j«,u 18ik2, or in any oi' the Indian war* Ix fore or Miice that
p.-riod, inclmh.ig (i'j uliirs, volunteers, spies, ranger*, fcea-
feiu-ihte^, and militia, for a period of not lt   Man six
mouths, and vviiu sdMll have lem.mird 111 j-aid service to the
diite ot iheir d jath, or wiio wa-s honoiahty discharged, shall
be entitled to ree< ive a certificate oi warrant I row the De-
partment of the Interior, tor the quantity ot eighty acros of
las.d, wlni li may be located hy tl*« warrantee, or ln*< a^-
signee, or heir>-at-law, at any land office of the United
sTate^, in one hod) and in coutormity to the legal sulklivie-
iotH ot the public land*, upon any of the public lands in
fcucli du-ii ict th^n subject to private entry ; and upon the re-
turn of such vvari am, or certificate, with evidence of the Jo-
cation thereof having heeri legally made to the General
Land Office, a patent shall be i^Mied therefor.
" That in the event of the death of any such non-com-
mi-MouKl offirer, mu-ictan, or private, during service, or
alter his d ^charge, and beioie the issuance of a certificate or
wairant. as ufoiet-oid, the said certuieate, oi w.iriai.t, -ijall
be i^siii d in favor and innure to the benefit of his widow,
if living, and if no widow be living, to Ins children: Provi-
ded, That no land warrant issued nndei the provisions of this
act shall be laid upon anv land ot the United States to which
theie shall be a preemption right, ot upon which there
shall be an actual settlement ami cultivation, wiihout the
consent of such «ottl< m and cultivator- be pven thereto.
2. Jlad be it fuithet enacted, That each non-com-
m^Mori'd officer, musician, or prnate, who was mu^teied
into the military service ol tlie Unitt d States,<nid seived as
specified in the tir-t section of this act, (or a period ot twelve
months or more, shall be entitled to leceive a wanant tor
one hundred and s xry acres oi l.n.d, which inaj be subject to
private entry, under the provisions ot the first section uj this
act, and in the tveut ol the death ol any peison herein pro-
vided tor. belore the issuing of the certificate, or wairant
then thf wai rant tor .-uch land shall iss-.e to the widow oi
bucIi person, if there be one, and if not, then to hU children.
" ^ec.3 *dudhe it further enacted, Tltat each non-conmn —
siomd officer, mu-ici;tn,or pnvate, who was mustered into
the nnhfary s-erviee of tne United States, and seived as spe-
cified in tlie first section o. tln.-aot,f'oi a le&s period tuan
hv month*, shall be entitled to receive a warrant for lorty
acre.* oi laud, which may be subject to private enuy, under
the provi-ion-^ of the fir-t section of tins act, and in Die event
ot the death ol anv person herein provided lor, before tile
issuing ol the certificate or wanant. then the warrant lor
frueh land shall i -ue I" tlie widow of such person, if theie
be oi.e, and irnor, then to Ins children.
<• Sec. 4. Jind be it furtkei enacted, That the grants of land
herein made, and the warrants authonzed to be issued, and
patent* granted theieon, ?u> wtll a.- the location and tranter
and as jgnmeut thereof, sh.ill, m all le.ypects, he made undtr
the piovifions, re>tii<*ttons, and limitations ol liie ninth sec-
tion of the act of Februaiy 11, 1c547,   untied ' An at t to
raiso for a hunted tune an additional nniitary force, and lor
otln.r purposes,' so far as the &ame are not altered by the
provisions of this act.
"Pioudfd, That nothing in thi-=act contained shall be con-
strued to authorize the issuing of a certificate, or waiant, to
any non-coin rins-ioned ofiicer, musician, or pi ivate, lot ser-
vice for which he ha< heietolore received, or been author-
ized to receive, undei act ol Congiess, bounty land."
The substitute having; been read—
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. Haralson and the Chair.
Mr. MASON. I desired to get the floor, for
the purpose of submitting a motion which I think
there is a disposition on the part of the House to
agree to. It i^, that the committee rise, for the
purpose of blowing a resolution to be adopted in
this House, closing debate upon this bill in two
hours.
Mr. VINTON". Will the gentleman withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. MASON. 1 have not yet made the motion.
I had merely submitted a preliminary remark.
Mr. ALBERTSON claimed the floor, declaring
that, after offering his amendment, he had never
yielded it.
Mr. MASON submitted, that the floor had been
duly awarded to him by the Chair.
Mr. ALBERTSON submitted to the Chair,
that the right to the floor was his, as lie had never
yielded it.
The CHAIR, on this .statement, awarded the
floor to
Mr. ALBERTSON, who was proceeding to ad-
dress the committee, when
Mr. VINTON appealed to the gentleman to
yield the floor for a moment to him, (Mr. V.)
Mr. ALBERTSON yielded the floor.
Mr. VINTON. 1 meiely desire to express my
earnest hope that the committee will not use for
the purpose of closing the debate on this bill m
two houis. It is one of the most important bills
that has been brought, before the consideration of
this House at any time—a bill which, m my judg-
ment, if passed, will exercise a more prominent in-
fluence on the operations of the Government and
the Treasury of the United States, than any
measure which has been passed here for fifteen
years. I hope, therefore, that the bill will be
fully discussed—1 hope that its friends and its
opponents will both be heard, and that its bearings
.and influence will be fully understood before a
vote shall be taken. If any motion is to be made
to stop the debate, I hope it will not be for the
pieserit, nor until the bill is thoroughly understood.
Mr. ALBERTaUN resumed the floor, but yield-
ed at the req test of
Mr. MA&ON, who said: i have heard the state-
ment of the gentleman from Onto, [Mr. Vinton.]
He proposes a protracted debate. Here we have
been six months listening to intei minable debate—
often interesting, often not so. The subject now
under consideration has been before the House
five months, for i brought it here shortly after the
commencement of the session. The minds of the
members are, 1 believe, prepared to act upon it.
I believe that every memuer has made up his
mind upon it. Upon the other question to which
I ha\e alluded, and which has engrossed so much
of the attention ot the House, 1 doubt whether the
mind of any gentleman has been changed, not-
withstanding the lung debate which has taken
place. Those membeis whoaie not disposed to
consume the time of the House in debate may
have as good ajudgment, and come to as sound a
conclusion, as gentlemen who make speeches.
And I think it is time we should be acting. That
is all. If the committee are of my opinion, then
we shall rise and adopt a resolution in the House
closing debate—say to-morrow. And I give no-
tice that, at the proper time, I shall make the
motion. I have no right to make it now, because
1 hold the floor only by the kindness or the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Albertson.]
Mi. McDONALD gave notice of the following
amendment; which was read:
To strike out of the filth line of the bill the
words, " for a period of six months and over,"
and to insert in the ,sixteenth line, after the word
" interior," the words "for all those who served
three months and over, and le>-s than six months,
eighty acres;" arid to btriue out the word "eighty,
and insert " one' bundled and twenty," as tne
bounty lor those who served six months, and less
than twelve.
Mr. ALBERTSON said, that in offering his
amendment to the anginal bill, he did not intend
to make any lengthy lenidiks. His amendment
reaches a large class of those patriotic and inento-
rious soldiers, who had devoted themselves to the
defence and glory of our common country, for
whom tne oiigmal bill does not provide. The bill
of the committee provides only for those who
served for a teimot six months and longer, but
his amendment piovides for all—as well tor those
provided tor n tlie original bill, who had served
tor six months or longer, as for those who may
have seived loi a less term of time. He could see
no just grounds or reason why a distincuonshould
be made, where really no distinction exists.
Those who had served for three, four, or five
months, were as meritorious in degree as those
who had seived for a longer term. He urged the
gieat and uigent demand in the public mind, why
this lar^e and patnotic class of our iello w-citizems,
who left their families and homes, and endured
the dangers, puvations, arid hardships of war, {or
the defence and security of o-ar fiiesnies and our
homes, should now, at tins late day, leceive tlie
small and inadequate compensation winch this bill
now proposes to give them, for their invaluable
public services. Where, lie . sked, was the man,
with an American heart in an Amencan bo^om,
that would not be willing, at this late day, to come
forward, and in some degiee do justice to those
patriotic citizen-soldiers, to whose bravery and
pro wes we are indebted lor the perfect security of
our families and homes? He trusted that tins
Congiess ttould not adjourn before r^ome bill being
passed providing for mem. If it does not, in his
humble opinion, the reason would not be bccause
the public voice does not demand it at our hands.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, addressed the com-
mittee. After expiessing his hearty concurrence
in the appeal of the gentleman from Onio, [Mr.
Vinton,] in favor of deliberation before passing
this bill, as preliminary to the remarks he intended
to make, he inquired of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. (Jo,Bb,] how many soldiers this bill
provided for, and how many soldiers there weie m
tne war of 1812 ?
Mi. COBB stated that the bill only provided for
the living soldier or for the widow of tne deceased.
It was thciefore impossible to state the exact num-
ber who would receive the benefits of the bill.
Mr. EVANS said, if the introducer of the bill
had been prepared to tell how many soldiers there
were in the war of 1813, he should have followed
up the inquiry by asking how many soldiers these
were in the Indian wars of 1811, the Florida war,
and General Wayne's war. He considered the
inability of the introducer of the bill to give any
idea of the quantity of land it would dispose of at
" one fell sWoop," fatal to the bill.
Mr. COBB, Did the gentleman say that I was
incapable of informing the country how many sol-
diers there were in the war of 1812?
Mr, EVANS. I understood the gentleman to
say so.
Mr. COBB said he was well posted up in these
statistics; he had the documents before him, and
could tell the exact number of soldieis in the war
of 18)2 to one man. But this w«e not a question
involved in the bill, as the bill did no such thing
as provide for all the soldiers of that war.
Mr. EVANS said, as the introducer did not
state the amount of public lands which would be
iriven away by this bill, he (Mr. E.) would tell:
it would be enough to bankrupt the Tieasury, as
far as it relied upon this source of revenue. He
called upon Democrats on that side of the House,
who had always gone against an increase of tariff
and against dis-tii >ution, not to accomplish these
objects in an indirect way. lie called upon gen-
tlemen to meet this question directly, and not take
away from the revenues of the United Slates, for
twenty-five years at least, more than three mil-
lions annually.
He proceeded to say, that the principle upon
which bounty lands had, with one exception, uni-
formly been granted, was as an inducement for
enlistments—as a means of obtaining soldiers for
the war. The single exception in the whole Gov-
ernment was the arant of bounty lands to a part
of the soldiers of the Mexican war. Yet it was
now proposed, thirty-eight years after the services
were performed, to give away an untold amount
of pubhch\nds,as gratuities. He reminded gei tie-
men, especially new members, that this was no
new proposition. During the last Congress they
had had under consideration, arrd fully discussed,
a bill to grant 160 acies of the public lands to
everybody who had ever served in any war or
skirmish; lfiO acres to every man who wanted to
kill a Mexican, and another 160 acres to the man,
whoever he \yas, who first began that war. Hd
(Mr. E.) voted against all such Buncombe propo-
sitions. He named, as another reason, conclusive
of itself, against the passage of the bill, the fact
that the sales of the public lands had already been
' solemnly pledged for the payment of the principal
I and interest of the debt of the United States. To
! give away the public lands, as proposed by this
' bill, he a'gued, would be a violation of the solemn
faith of the Government. Since they were disposed"
j to giveaway the public lands in this lavish man-
i ner, he asked why not give them to other equally
I meritotious classes—to the sailors, to the otfireis
: of the navy of 1812, to the soldiers of the Chero-
; kee, Creek, Black llawk, and other wars? He
f glanced at the brilliant exploits of the navy during
i the war of 1812, laying the foundation for Amen-
I can naval fame; and argued, that upon every prin.
< ciple of justice the sailor of that war was equally
with the soldier entitled to this gratuity. But he
intimated that the reason for the discrimination
might be found in the fact, that our veteran tais
usually remained m the service, and their votes
were not to be looked after, like tiiose of the sol-
diers.
If gentlemen were determined to enter upon this
system of getting rid of the public lands, he rec-
ommended to their support the lollowing propo-
sition, which he had drawn up as a substitute for
the bill:
"Th.it all the public lands of the United States are here-
by gianted, in portion-* ot one hundrwi and MXtv acres, to
eac.i p< rson who wilt permanently settle upon uudpuiuvaie
the same." *
This, he said, while it would not perhaps give
away any more lands in the aggregate, would dis-
tribute the bounties more equally, and he thought
was a fauer measme, though he did not promise
to vote for it himself.
Mr. BURT referred the gentleman to the first
four lines of the bill, to show that the class of per-
sons to whom it proposed to give these bounties,
: was much more limited than the gentleman sup-
i posed.
