1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June Id,
• Mr., EVANS admitted that the gentleman might
be right in his strict reading of that part of the bill;
but they all knew that no such strict construc-
tion was intended for the bill; if it provided only
for a limited elass, nobody would vote for it; it was
intended, and if it did not now include it, would,
by amendments, be made to include all personswho
served in the war of 1812. If it provided for
everybody, he opposed it because it would break
down the public land revenue; if it were limited,
he opposed it because it was partial and unjust.
He opposed it because the public lands were spe-
cially pledged to pay the principal and interest of
the debt of the Government; because the proceeds
of the sales of the lands (if they did not go into
the general Treasury) belonged equally to at! the
States, and as such ought to be distributed for pur-
poses of education, enlightening the people, and
other good and holy purposes; because all persons
who had served their country faithfully were not
included; because it was not known how many
persons it provided for, or how far it would put its
hand into the public Treasury; because agents,
speculators, and other corrupt persons would get
the principle part of its benefits; because it intro-
duced into the country a system of bribery and
corruption, and a system of log-rolling; bccause it
was not an act of tardy justice, but a mere gratuity
proposed forty years after the services were ren-
dered, and which would not go to those who were
justly entitled to thegratuity, if gratuity were to be
made; and for diversother reasons which hestated.
He called upon Whigs and Democrats to vote
against the bill, on the ground that its support
would involve the abandonment of the doctrines
for which each party had so long contended, viz:
of the land proceeds belonging to theStates equally,
and of their constituting a necessary part of the
public revenue for the support of the burdens of
the Government; and he denounced it as a bill for
the benefit of speculators, agents, and corrupt per-
sons.
It was unjust; it was wrong; and it ought not
to be done. And every nation that would be
guilty of injustice and wrong, must suffer the pen-
alty of us own acts. If a bill of this description
was to be passed, he contended that it should be
made general m its operation. Why should one
man receive one bundled and sixty acres of land,
whilst another was landless? Ifthis pnnciple was
to pievail, why not at once adopt one qf the favot ite
doctrines of the day, " vote yourself a farm "—
" every man was entitled to a farm." If the bill
was to be pressed, then he should insist upon the
substitute which he had indicated.
Mr. E. concluded by calling upon gentlemen to
give some sufficient reasons for the passage of the
bill. None such had yet been urged. He alluded
to ihe efiect which such a measuie might exeicise
on the popular vote. For his own part,(he said,)
he would not do a wrong act to secure a million
votes. Votes which were bid for at the expense
of the treasury of the United States, or at the sac-
rifice of great public principles, possessed no at-
traction for him.
Air. E. having concluded,
Mr. HUBBARD said, my object in addressing
the Chair is, to call attention to two provisions of
the bill, which need amendment, and to propose
the amendments.
The bill, as reported by the committee, requires
"   months service to entitle the soldier or
lus heir to any laud." Tins is not right, for one
aimy may do moie seivice, and encounter more
perils, hardships, and sufferings, m two months,
than another m six or twelve. Let us, therefore,
make but one line of division, and give to ail who
served less than six or more than one month,
eighty acres, and all who served six months or
upwards, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
This will be easily understood by the people con-
cerned, and easily executed by the land office de
purtmentg.
The Lml, as reported, requires that the soldier be i
" regularly eniolled, or enlisted" into service, and
"honoiably discharged." These, in many cases,
would be very hard, useless, and unjust requisi-
tions, and would, to my knowledge, deprive many
of the very best soldiers of land.
I will proceed to show how a call was made for
volunteers to assemble at Fayetteville, Tennessee,
to serve against the Creek Indians in the last war.
They assembled promiscuously, and the fust who
got there were mustered into service and enrolled,
and marched directly into the Indian country;
they were followed by dozens of others who over-
took them, united with them," fought and starved
with them, and they got into that state of suffering
and confusion, that thev were compelled to return or
perish. They dispersed to their homes,and were
never discharged; and although their achievements
were the wonder of that age, and iheir privations
without paralle.l, yet, for the want of a regular
muster-roll and " honorable discharge," this bill
would give them no land. Again, the bill makes
no provision for drafted militia at any time, nor
for volunteers in the Seminole war of 1818; and
General Jackson has testified that these last-named
troops "underwent privations and hardships be-
yond anything he had ever known." They
marched from remote sections of Tennessee and
Alabama, through Geotgia and Florida, had five
skirmishes with Indians; took three Spanish posts;
removed the Governors; shot Armbrister, hung
Arbuthnot and others, and returned to Tennessee
in little over five months; and many of them were
neither mustered regularly into or out of service,
or were discharged at all. This bill would depuve
all of these of land.
All the proof, sir, which should be required, is,
that the party actually served in the army for the
time required; but whether his enlistment was
" regular" or not—whether he was " discharged"
or not, yet if he was paid, and regarded as actu-
ally in the military service for the time, and can
make that proof, it is all you ought to require; and
it were better that a few " stragglers" should get
a piece of land (which no one will give one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre for at the sales)
than to wholly cutoff others who are entitled, by
requiring impossibilities of them, or by putting
those who come within your rules to so much
trouble <is to make it nearly equal to the worth of
the land to prove their claims to it.
It has been attempted m this bill to bring up
other feelings than ought, in my judgment, to
occupy members here. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Evans] has called upon Whigs as
"Whigs," and Democrats as "Democrats," to
resist this bill. 1 hope the gentleman will not be
able to succeed m his purposes—1 know he cannot
make it a party question among the people.
I have constituents, of both pai ties, who fought
together as patriots, and never asked a question,
when in service, to what party either belonged.
Many of the Whigs, I am fully persuaded, are
more attached to their party, for the name it bears,
than on account of the conduct of their rulers.
They love the name of " Whig," because their
fathers bore it in the revolutionary struggle; and
would despise to be considered as ff'higs, if oppo-
sition to tins bill and kindred measures are to be
taken as evidence of " Whig" principles, or if
Whigs are rallied under their party name to defeat
it. That gentleman has charged as a motive with
the supporters of this bill, that we " want votes." !
These soldiers and their friends, he alleges, "have j
votes." Very well; let that be admitted, and does ]
that constitute an objection? If so, none but the
worst measures ought ever to be voted for. And
we ought to refuse to do justice to these old sol-
diers, because they and their friends have "votes."
1 thought that to secure their and his right to vote,
was the veiy thing they had been fighting for, and
I am sorry he lias thought fit to use his right so
freely against them; but, perhaps, they are not so
powerful as some other classes who " have votes"
also. Weavers, spinners, manufacturers of a'l
kinds, are a very numerous class, and " have
votes"—perhaps the gentleman has voted for a I
protective tariff; but he, I expect, never once
thought of the votes. Merchants, bankers, bor-
rowers, arid speculators of all sizes and sorts, with
great unanimity, and many others without selfish
motives, have been in favor of a national bank.
I suppose, however, that it never entered into the
gentleman's head that any of these " had votes."
The gentleman may have been willing, nay, anx-
ious to distubute the proceeds of the sale of all of
the public lands among the States, or for internal
improvements; but in all of this he was, without
doubt, only anxious for public good, and never
once thought of the " votes" of those who favored
these measures.
If, in his own views, all of these measures hav-
ing such vast numbers in wealth and interest in
their support are correct, yet he ought not to call
to his aid such a vast multitude of voters, such an
army of interests, to bear down the just claims of
a few scattered soldiers, their Widows and children,
who have so faithfully served their country in the
day and hour of danger.
There are questions, Mr. Chairman, where, in
my judgment, it is wrong to call upon party, or to
call up party feelings. Whenever the justice or
the injustice of our acts falls alike upon individuals
of each party, this justice should not be withheld,
or injustice inflicted, to create party strength.
This case is one of them, and I hope no member
or set of members will be allowed to convert it into
a party contest, by calling upon Whigs Or Demo-
crats, as such.
Befoie 1 conclude, it is my wish to say a few
words to those members who affect to consider
themselves as statesmen above the ordinary level,
and Who would be thought to view all such ques-
tions without regard to the feelings of the persons
concerned, but only as it concerns the finances of
the Government—the ways and means of keeping
up a supply of money for the uses of its machinery.
These pretend that they only object to this grant
of bounty land to soldiers for fear of its diminishing
the means and credit of the Government.
I now, sir, propose to meet these on their own
grounds, and break down their opposition by a few-
plain and undeniable positions.
I will ask them three questions upon this sub-
ject, true answers to which will be fatal to them:
Which has best credit and greatest resources,
a Government owning vast bodies of wild, uncul-
tivated lands', and smaller productions, or one hav-
ing these lands in cultivation, and an extended
commerce? t
Has Texas, with equal population and millions
of acies of wild lands to pledge, more credit than
Rhode Island and Delaware, not together so lar°-e
as one of her counties, and no wild "land ? °
Would the descendants of the Pilgrtftis of Ply-
mouth Rock alone, if they owned all of this vast
continent, and not an Indian upon it to dispute
their claim, have more credit and resources at the
present day than our present inhabitants, mixed
together from so many countries, with all of our
vast improvements in agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures ?
Answer these questions truly by your votes,
and you settle the future policy of this Govern-
ment as it should be, in relation to this important
question.
You will find that you can make more money
and greater revenue by letting the lands be settled
and worked, even if you give them away, than
you can by keeping them up for sale. I ran make
this plain as any other demonstration. Most men
not engaged in trade, who work about as tenants,
and those who are idle and would work if they
owned land, are now of but little use to the Gov-
ernments, State or Federal, compared to what
they would be if they were owners of soil. Let us
take one of these, now producing nothing, and put
him upon eighty acres of land, which you are
holding up for sale, and which you make sale of
ten years hence for §100. You give the man the
land, and m two years he has ten acres in cultiva-
tion, producing $8 per acre in some crop. This
gives him $80 a year for his crop, and m eight
years $640 worth of crops at a very low estimate.
This goes abroad, and returns you in goods of
9640 worth, upon which he has annually paid 30
per cent., or equal to §192. And perhaps his
labor has made the land worth $500. Now you
have $192 in hand, and a prospect of $24 a year
tax, and a farm and buildings worth $500 instead
of $100. And all of this is made by giving the
eighty-acres tiactof land to some man who will
work it, and you have added to the list of your
useful and permanently prosperous citizens. Now,
I ask, which is best, the keeping the land for a hi -h
price, with poor dependent inhabitants, or givm**
it away to get it cultivated, increasing the pro^
ductions of the country by millions, and the hap-
piness, comforts, and independence of families by
thousands and tens of thousands?
You need not let any feeling of stinginess come
over you, and make you grudge this so-called
gift. 1 can tell you from experience, that he who
goes upon a piece of wild land, grubs up the small
wood, cuts down the large trees, fences in the
ground, builds his hut, and breaks up the turf,
and makes two crops, (for it takes two to be even)
-—he, I say, who does this, earns the land; and if
it is afterwards worked by anybody, you are
