150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
Mr. HUNTER had nothing to say, except that
he was requested to withdraw the papers by a
member of the other House.
The leave asked was granted.
EXTENSION OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the President of the United States
had announced to that House that he had approved
and signed the bill extending the franking privilege
to Mrs. Sarah Polk.
SLAVERY.
The "VICE PRESIDENT stated the business
next in order to be the pending motion to print the
resolutions relating to slavery, passed by the Gen-
eral Assembly of theStateofVermont,and present-
ed by the Senator from that State, [Mr. Upham ]
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the consideration
of the motion be postponed for one hour; which
was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roadg be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
fbhing mail routes between the places hereinafter named, to
wit: From McGregor's landing to the Mississippi river, via
Menona and Portville, to Louisville, in Fayette county;
from Ead's Grove, in Delaware county, to Louisville; from
McGreggor's landing to Sodamand Poverty Point; 1'romCeu-
treville,in Appanoose county, to G.uden Grove, in Delaware
county, and thence to intersect the route from Fort Des
Motnes to Council Bluffs; and also from Dubuque, Iowa,
via Fair Play, Wisconsin, and New Diggings, to White Oak
Springs.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of retrocedmg to
the State of Maryland alt that portion of said District which
is not embraced in the corporate limits of the city of Wash-
ington ; and also into the expediency of so amending the
charter of the said city of Washington as to authorize the
Corporation thereof to exercise the powers of legislation
usually evercKed by the rpgnlaily organized Territories of
the United Stales, under their respective organic laws.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution; which lie over, under the
ruler
Whereas the Congress of the United States, possessing
only a delegated authority, have no power over the shbjeet
of negro slavery within the limits of the United States,
either to prohibit or interfere with it in the States, Territo-
ries, or District, where, by municipal law, it now exists, or
to establish it in any State or Territory where it does not
exist; but, as an assurance and guarantee to promote har-
mony, quiet apprehension, and remove sectional prejudice,
which by possibility might impair or weaken love and de-
votion to the Union, or in any part of the country, it is
hereby
Resolved, That as people in Territories have the same in-
herent right of self-government as> the people in the States ;
that if, in the exercise of such inherent rights, the people in
the newly acquired Territories, by the annexation of Texas
and the acquisition of California and New Mexico, south of
the parallel of 36 degrees and 30 minutes of north latitude,
extending to the Pacific Ocean, shall establish negro slaveiy
or prohibit it, such establishment or prohibition of ne-
gro slavery, in the formation of their State Governments,
shall be deemed no objection to their admission as. a State
or States into the Union, in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. H. moved that the resolution be printed;
which wa3 agreed to.
Mr. SMITH submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby
is, required to communicate to the Senate an abstract of all
ac counts filed against the United States, under the act of
the 2d of June, 18-18, entitled "An acttoiefund money for
expenses incurred in subsistence or transportation ftirn^hed
for the use of volunteers during the present war, before be-
ms mustered into the service of the United Statesspeci-
fying in said abstract which have and which have not been
paid ; arid in the former case, the person for, and to whom,
and for what paid ; and in both the date and amount of each
account.
Mr. S. also submitted the following resolution,
which lies over :
Ilaolvcil, That the Secretary of the Navy be required to
communicate to the Senate a copy of so much of the account
of Prospci M. Wetmore, late navy agent at New York, as
rem.iin^ unadjusted, with all the items of debt and credit, so
a-, to show the balance which appears to be due to the United
States from said agent on the books of the Fourth Auditor,
tog -the r wifh copies of all loiters, and an abstract of all
vouchers appertaining to said account.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of restoring to the revenue cutter
service the officers who were dismissed from that service by
the Secretary of the Treasury, the 30th June, 1849.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolutions,
which lie over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making provision
for the jfayment of deputy surveyors of the public lands for
property destroyed or stolen by the Indians from said depu-
ties whilst in the line of their duty as such deputies.
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War communicate to the
Senate such information pertaining to this subject as may be
on file in the War Department.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay to the Rev. Henry Slic^r, for his services at this and the
special session of Congress, the usual annual compensation
paid to chaplains.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the bill for the relief of
Charles Reeder, Walter R. Johnson, and the legal
representatives of Thomas P. Jones, reported the
same without amendment, accompanied by a re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John M. Mcintosh,
reported a bill for his relief, accompanied by a re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me-
morial of the Potomac Insurance Company of
Georgetown, reported a bill to renew and continue
in force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown.
ROUTE TO SANTA FE.
- Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom ivas referred the motion to print a
report of the Secretary of War, accompanied by a
report and map of the route from Port Smith to
Santa Fe, reported the following order; which
was agreed to:
Ordered, That the report be printed ; that 2,000 additional
copies be printed for the u^e of the Senate, and 500 for the
u^e of the Topographical Bureau ; and that the maps be en-
graved on the same scale as that in which they are presented
in the report.
Mr. B. also, from the sam6 committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
the Panama Railroad Company, reported against
printing the same; which report was concurred in.
Mr. B, further, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the motion to print certain
documents in relation to bullion and specie imported
into New York, reported in favor of printing the
same, together with the memorial on the subject;
which report was concurred in.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a petition of citizens
of  Michigan, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill, for the examination and settlement of claims
for land at the Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan; which
was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Biddle, reported
a bill to provide for the final settlement of the ac-
counts of Jonathan Kcarsley, late receiver of the
public moneys at Detroit, and John Biddle, late
register of the land office at that place, accompanied
by a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, there was, I
believe, the other morning, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce certain statistical infoimation in
relation to the amount of bullion and specie im-
ported into the city of New York. Inasmuch as
this is purely a question of finance, I ask that the
Committee on Commerce be discharged, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Finance. There
are various documents relating to the amount of
bullion and specie imported into New York during
the last year.
The motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF THE CHIPPEWAS.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolutions of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Minnesota,
relating to the removal of the Chippewa Indians
from lands within the Territory to which the In-
dian title has been extinguished.
Mr. DOUGLAS suggested that the resolutions j
in question be transmitted to the President of the i
United States.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, I have no
objection to an order of that kind. I wish that
this matter may be brought to the attention of the
President of the United States. If he deems it
right and proper, he can give an order for remov-
ing those Indians. .
Mr. KING. It is presumable that the Presi-
dent of (he United States has complied with the
requisitions of his duty upon this subject. It is
the duty of the Government, in its intercourse
with the Indian tribes, to ascertain whether their
treaty stipulations have been complied with; and
if not, to force their compliance. It has not'been cus-
tomary heretofore for us to interfere in the matter,
i do not know that it has ever been done. If the
object is to inquire of the President whether he
has complied with his duty in the matter, I should
be opposed to it. We must take it for granted
that he has. If it be simply to inquire what.the
result of his action has been, I have no objection
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Alabama ask a division upon the question ?
Mr KING. I simply made a suggestion. It
was not my intention ft do more than that.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Legislature of Minne-
sota directed the Governor to send a copy of the
resolutions to the Vice President of the United
States, and to their Delegate in the House of Rep-
resentatives. There was no order transmitting a
copy of the resolutions to the President of the
United States. It at least deserves the attention
of the President, and I can see no objection to the
order.
Mr. KING. I make no objection.
The committee was accordingly discharged from
the further consideration of the resolutions, which
were ordered to be transmitted to the President of
the United States.
PRESENTATION OF CREDENTIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Thomas G. Pratt, elected a Senator by the
General Assembly of the State of Maryland, to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of
the Hon. Reverdy Johnson; which were read, and
the oath prescribed by law was administered to
Mr. Pratt, and he took his seat in the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Conrad W. Faber, Leopold Bierwith,and The-
odore Victor; which, by unanimous consent, was
read a first and second time, by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. KING, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill granting to the
State of Alabama the right of way, and a donation
of public lands, for the purpose of making a rail-
road from Selma to the Tennessee river.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. CLARKE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to authorize
the payment of invalid pensions, in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. DOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
William Darby; which was read a first and second
time, by unanimous consent.
Mr. D. stated that this bill was not of such a
nature as properly to appertain to any of the stand-
ing committees of the Senate. At the last session
it had been referred to a,select committee,in whose
report all the facts of the case were embraced.
Not deeming it necessary to refer it again, he
would ask that it be considered by the Senate,
without reference, upon some suitable day, and
would therefore move that Monday next, at one
o'clock, be assigned for its consideration; which
motion was agreed to, and the bill was made the
special order for Monday next.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuanceof notice,asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Joseph P. Williams; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Land3.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. CLEMENS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
