1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Florida, Indian, and other wars mentioned in this
bill; everyone of whom left the service unharmed,
unwounded, undisabled; every one of whom re-
ceived every cent he asked when he entered the
service; to every one of whom the Government has
paid all it agreed to pay at the time the contact
was made. Sir, if this measure can be justified I
hope its friends will do u in some other way than
by the usual gasconade about their superior pa-
triotism and devotedness. I hope they will be
and navies, and especially touching a system of
bounties, pensions, and half-pay salaries.
Mr. PRES ION KiNG asked his colleague to
yield him the Boor tor a few minutes.
Mr. fc>A.CKKTr yielded.
Mr. KIING said, he desired to ask his colleague,
who was entitled to the floor, and could make the
motion to move that the committee rise for the
purpose of moving in the House a resolution to
close debate and finally dispose of this bill to-day.
called upon to show its soundness and wisdom. jjTfte House had been m session more than six
Sir, if this spirit of recklessness in respect to 1 months, and had done nothing. The question of
bounties and pensions is not checked, the lime is j! admitting the State of California was still before
not distant when our pension system will become >\ the House—undecided—and every device was re-
larger and more burdensome upon the Treasury i1 sorted to to delay and prevent action upon it. He
than that of England. Let us pause and see where
we are on this subject befoie we go further—be-
fore our whole system has become corrupted, and
we are irretrievably sunk in the labyrinth ot boun-
ties, pensions, and half-pay retiracies, into which
England has fallen.
The income from our public lands does not
amount to two millions a year. Filty millions will
not pay the bounties contemplated by this bill
and before provided for; so that all sales ot other
lands, if this bill pass, may be considered as at an
end for a quarter of a century to come.
There are many other objections to this bill. It
is little else than a bounty on the war spirit—an
encouragement to those who arc forever disposed
to embroil us in difficulties with other nations, j
Our whole history shows it is not necessary to i
secure an army—it is not to pay a debt due. j
Wiiat is it, then, but a measure to foster the worst |
spirit of aggression, now by far too rife in tins j
Republic? It is saying to the whole country, and j
to every man in it, serve but-three or six months
in any war you may get up, whether with the
Semmoles of Florida, the inhabitants of Cuba, or
our Mexican neighbors, and you shall be a pen-
sioner for life, you shall be lewarded with boun-
ties. S.r, 1 shall never sustain a doctrine so
rtpngnant to the best interests of the country; it
is dangerous and destructive in every aspect in
wh ch it can be viewed, and should not be en-
couraged.
i know there is great merit in the service; 1
know there has been great devotion m our armies;
J know, too, it is popular to talk about old sol-
diers. I know of their hardships and their suffer-
ing*; but when we are legislating, we must do so
upm some principle, and not be governed by
visionary notions, nor clap-trap schemes for popu-
larity. The people leqmre of us just laws, not
jaws germinated in the hot-bed of passion, preju-
dice, or selfish design.
Pay to every soldier his just due; give to the
patriots of the Revolution the reward Government
could not pay at the time; give it in pensions; se-
cure to every man wounded or .in any way dis-
abled m the public service, a support and mainte-
nance for life; restore to him, so far as the country
can restoie, the competency health and vigor
would give; secure to the widow and the father-
less, in some degree at least, a compensation for
the loss of a husband ami father; give to all such
an adequate pension; perform, m ail things, your
obligations and contracts with the soldier who
leaved the service, after receiving his full pay, in as
hale and healthy a condition as he enteied into it.
if he performs on his p&rt, see that you perform
on yours. And, sir, when you have placed your
pension and bounty system on this suie and en-
duiing basis, you will have a sound principle to
guide you. In the place of a little gratuity
here, which is used as a precedent for a little
gratuity theie, and as a justification for something
somewhere else, you will have system,order, cer-
tainty. security. And, m one branch of the Gov-
ernment at least, we shall have abandoned that
most dangerous of ail practices, the practice of
following precedents in the room of principle.
i repeat, sir, that with the hale, healthy soldier,
who remains uninjured by the service, the nature
of his service is that of contract—contract he vol-
unteers to make upon terms well known before
it is made—terms he anticipates, and agrees to
perform for a consideration known and agreed
upon. Adopt this sound system, and you will
keep down your standing army. You will not
make your army a favored class, nor swell its
ranks, for the hope of a pension in expectancy,
if you would maintain your Republican simplicity,
guard well every question touching your armies
^regretted to hear the gtmiltman irom Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] this morning, oppose ti/e prompt decis-
ion and disposal of the subject now befote the
House. Tne friends of the bill desired prompt
action. It was before the committee an oustacle
to action on California, and yet the gentleman
from Ohio, a prominent and influential leader of
the Whig party, advocates delay.
- Mr. JONES rose to a question of order.
Mr. JxiiNG deemed the point of order to be
stated.
Mr. JONES made the point that the gentleman
from iNew York [Mr. SackettJ could not yield
the floor to his colleague to discuss the piopnety
of rising, or the question of California, or any
thing else.
Tne point of order was settled by
Mr. JSACKEIT resuming the lioor and con-
cluding nis remarks as above.
Mr. McDUNALD. i had supposed, sir, that
the time had arriv d when the case of the soidters
of the war of 1812 would be taken up and dis-
cussed, and then claims considucd without run-
ning into pai ly measures and distinctions. 1 had
supposed that, on this occasion, the only occasion
when the question has been agitated m this House
duiing this session, tms hostility would not have
been manifested. 1 had supposed that the people
ot ihe United States had loimed m opinion as to
the justice of these bounties, and that this bill
woutd not be met by an attack upon the principle
upon which u is based. But 1 have been mis-
taken. 1 find gentlemen rising on the opposite
side of this House, and attacking the bili, and en-
deavoring to defeat as passage, i'he gentleman
fiom Maty land is particularly hostile, and has la-
bored most strenuously to defeat it. He denounces
it on the ground that it is contrary to the Demo-
cratic principle. If that be uue, then I would ex-
pect the gentleman to support it. His conversion
to Democracy is too recent lor me to put any trust
in it. It is not fiotn the gentleman, nor fiom that
side of the House, that I should expect to hear
Democratic principles expounded and practiced
upon. He may be like King Agnppa m ihe pies-
ence of St. Paul, almost persuaded 10 be a Chris-
tian, but that he has not sulnciemfaiih to lead him
to the performance of good works. He says it is
not Democratic to give bounties to soldieis for
services rendered to the country. This is, cer-
tainly, not orthodox; and yet, before the close of
his remarks, he offered, us a substitute for this bill,
a proposition to give away the public domain to
the first settler.
He says further, that he did not know where
the claimants of the bounty of the Government
under the provisions of this bill, are to he found.
They may not come from the gentleman's district.
It may be that ihe piovisious of the bill may not
affect the gentleman's constituents; it undoubtedly
would be a benefit to them if his substitute could
become a la-v. I have no doubt Tnany of th^m are
perfectly indifferent whether they are settled on
their own or on the laud of any one else.
But the gentleman is opposed to the bill because
it does not make provision for giving bounties to
| those who cany our flag upon the seas. Then
i why not amend the bill so as to make it include
| that class? This is a matter which does not go to
1 the principle of the bill. Let the gentleman bung
forward his amendment, and when it comes to be
acted on, I, for one, will support it. Let not the
gentleman object to the bill, because its provisions
are not extensive enough to include all that may
be meritorious.
But there is an objection which comes from the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett,] who
has just taken his seat. What is that objection ?
it is that a contract was entered into by these peo-
ple; that a contract was formed between the Gov-
crnroent and the soldier, and that thai contract has
been completed. He supposes that the soldier,
when he offers himself to sei've his country on the
field of battle, enters into a calculation of how
many dollars and cents he is to receive from the
Government, and that thisstipulated^sum is ample
compensation for all the services he may render,
no matter what hardships he may be called on to
endure. I am not surprised that this objection
should come from that section of the Union, where
the whole business of life is regulated by the stand-
ard of the almighty dollar.
This may be so in relation to his region of coun-
try, but let me tell the gentleman that a Govern-
ment which treats its volunteer soldiers in this
manner, when it comes to need their services again,
will find some difficulty in procuring them.
But this bill is based upon a different principle.
What is it? This Government has always acted
libeially towards all those who have stood up in
her defence, with the exception of those who are
contemplated by this bill. They have been over-
looked; they have been placed in the class of step-
children; forty years have rolled around, and this
Government has riot yet done justice to them. We
are now called upon to do them justice; shall we
refuse this reasonable demand ? shall we refuse to
do what justice demands at our hands? The stat-
ute of limitations, though it may properly be
pleaded in some cases, is not to be applied in such
a case as this. Many of those whose services
entitled tnem to this bounty aie no longer among
us. 1 do not know how it fs in other sections of
the country, but in that portion which 1 have the
honor to represent, i have had the pltasurc of
meeting, within the last three weeks, during a re-
cent visit to my district, some two hundred of the
sui vivors of these wars, composed of men from the
North, South, East and West—they who fought
at Orleans, and on the bloody heights of Queens-
town—those engaged in border warfare, under
General Wayne—those who have bled for the
country on many a well-fought held. They have
reason to complain, that they have not been fairly
dealt with. And yet, sir, theie seems to be no
means of passing this measure of lelief.
Another strange objection that is urged against
the bill is, that justice has been w till held so long.
It was notgiven to them when they were vigorous,
when they could have made use of, when they
could have profited by the bounty. But is there
not the greater reason why it should be no longer
withheld—why it should now be given to cheer
and support their declining age, now that they
have become enfeebled by age, and, perhaps, by
disease, and when they are no longer able to earn
their subsistence? Tims you will render their last
days, days of gratitude to their country for the
bounty bestowed upon them. Their highest pride
will thenceforth be, that they have shared in the
defcncc of their country, and that that country has
not forgotten them in their o:d age.
1 am in favor of the amendment proposed by
myself, or the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama would be acceptable to me. My object
is, that none shall be left out.
It is a matter of some consequence to me, that
this Congress should not adjourn and leave those
men to suffer the pangs of penury and want, by
i withholding from them that which is theus, as a
i strict matter of justice and right.
! Talk to me, sir, about a contract! It is a term
, that has no connection with this question—no
' meaning whatever. Will you talk to rne about a
! contract in re'erence to the man who has bared
j his bosom to the shafts of the enemy, when it 'is
proposed to give him a homestead to shelter him
m his old age? Sir, this is trifling with the sub-
ject. Before closing my remarks, I wish to offer
another amendment, for the reason, that the bill, as
it now stands, will come m conflict with amend-
ments already offered in regard to othei matters.
My proposition is, to strike out in the fifth line
the lollowing words, "for a period of six months
and over ''
In conclusion, I have to say, that whatever may
be the reason which actuates tne gentleman from
Maryland in voting against this bill—whether it is
because he sincerely believes it to be anti-Demo-
cratic, and is disposed to turn from the error of his
ways, or whetherhe desigrs to reserve these lands
for the benefit of the paupers of his district to the
exclusion of the soldiers, who defended their coun-
