152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
to fit out a fleet, and increase these expenses very
largely, in order to perform such service fully.
But is there any more reason why we. should
maintain any system, at this expense, for such a
purpose, than there-would be in appropriating
money to furnish ships of commerce with money
and provisions in the first instance? If we may
expend money for this purpose', why not for any
and every other commercial facility? The only
legitimate use.for such vessels is, for the mainten-
ance of the revenue laws—a purpose which may
be accomplished, so far as they can aid the object,
with an expenditure probably l€fes than that of this
service, in the lasfcfiscal year, by about $240,000.
Mr. Walker, in his estimates, submitted on this
subject two years ago, supposed that we might
readily save $200,000 under this head of expendi-
ture. As to the precise amount, I- speak from
memory, not having the report before me. But I
will here take occasion to inform the Senator from
Maryland that this bill was not framed by guess,
but upon a report and estimates furnished by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I think it probable,
Mr. President, that if these vessels were not em-
ployed, beyond the necessity which exists for
them, the scrvice ought to be reduccd below the
estimate made either by the former Secretary of
the Treasury or myself. But this is not the only
item of expense upon which a large reduction
might be made. The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates the expenses of the warehousing system
beyond its receipts at $194,634. This arises en-
tirely from the mistaken policy of embarking the
Government in the business of storing goods.
Thera are three classes of warehouses authorized
by the existing treasury regulations: first, stores
rented by the Government and superintended by
its own officers*, secondly, licensed stores of pri-
vate individuals, who make a business of storing
goods; and, thirdly, the warehouse of the importer,
licensed for the occasion, under certain regulations
established by the department. The expenses in
the two last are defrayed by thfc importer. The
whole loss of the Government is upon warehouses
of the first class. This part of the system ought
to be abandoned,- for a variety of reasons. In "the
first place, it is against principle and experience
for a government to enter into competition with
individuals in the business of storing goods. The
British Government, with an experience upon this
subject larger and longer than ours, has left the
business to private enterprise. Our own experi-
ence teaches the same lesson.
In your own city of New York, Mr. President,
the merchants are reluctant to store in the public
warehouse. The amounts stored there.are so large
that the insurance offices refuse to insure, and this,
together with the fact of fhe incapacity of govern-
ment machinery^© adapt itself to the sometimes del-
icate and often rapid vibrations in commerce, makes
this branch of the system eminently unpopular.
Nor are these the only objections to this branch of
thesystem. Goods are sometimes lost in the public
warehouses. No provision exists for compensating
such losses. But, without doubt, compensation
will be demanded. Our private calendar will be
encumbered with such cases, and in legislating or
attempting to legislate for them, we shall probably
waste more than the amount involved. Let us get
rid of this part of the system. 1 have it from high
authority that we could probably sell out the leases
-which we have taken without loss in all cases,
except in the city of New York. *
The leases there amount to about $110,000 per
annum, and we had better submit to whatever
loss is to accrue upon them at once. What this
will be I know not. But the leases must have
been improvident, indeed, if the loss is more than
15 per cent. At this rate we should save some-
thing more than §170,000 of the $194,000 referred
to by the Secretary. Upon the two items alone of
the revenue cutters and the warehousing system
we ought to save at least $400,000. This sub-
tracted from §2,200,000, the expenses of the'last
fiscal year, would leave $1^00,000. These reduc-
tions might be made by treasury regulation. There
is no law, of which I am aware, to prevent it, and
the manner and measure of reduction are especially
matters for treasury regulation. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, as yet we are only on the threshold of the
inquiry into the reforms proper to be made. I
find immense " personnel" in the revenue service
which manifestly ought to be reduced.
The act of March last requires an annual report il
of the persons employed and expenses incurred in
the collection of the revenue from customs in the
several collection districts of the United States.
This, sir, was a provision introduced in commit-
tee upon my motion, and the facts developed by
this report are curious and startling enough. Sir,
I invite public attention to it. The report is to be
found in the letter of the Secretary containing the
estimates of appropriation, i find from this report
that there are employed in the New York custom-
house 705 persons, besides 18 bargemen—barge-
men, by the way, who get $600 per annum, whilst
seamen engaged at the same port in the cutter ser-
vice receive but $192 by the year. This number
is exclusive of the revenue-cutter service. At
New York we thus ha^e 725, at Boston 233, at
Philadelphia 165, at Baltimore 92, at New Orleans
207—making at these five ports 1,420 persons em-
ployed, exclusively of those engaged in the reve-
nue-cutter service.
Now, sir, I had the curiosity to compare these
numbers with those engaged here in the depart-
ments. Accordingly I procured a statement, com-
piled by our excellent clerk, Mr. Hickey, from the
Blue Book, and giving the number of officers, clerks,
and messengers in the several executive offices of
the Government of the United States at Washington,
on the 30th September, 1849. The entire number,
counting heads of department's,comptrollers,audit-
ors, clerks, and messengers, amounts to 640—
many less than the number of " employees" at
New York alone, and not half the number at the
five ports to which I have just referred. A*hd yet,
sir, all the accounts of every description, embracing
the whole operations of receipt and disbursement
of the Government, have to be audited and settled
here. Will any man pretend that a large ieduc-
tion might not be made in the numbers engaged in
collecting the revenue from customs ? This, again,
is properly a matter of administration. No law-
is required to effect it. Without doub£, an immense
saving might be made by a reduction of the person-
tie J in this service. I believe, Mr. President, that,
with judicious reforms, the whole expenses of col-
lecting the revenue might be met with the sum
originally appropriated. But I am wjlling to vote
for an amendment which I understand thechairman
of Finance will probably propose, allowing an ex-
penditure at the rate of §200,000 more than that pro-
posed by the act of March last. The Secretary
would thus have a sum at his disposal of between
seventeen and eighteen hundred thousand dollars.
I would vote for this increase, because I would ex-
tend the limitation far enough to enable the Secre-
tary to operate without embarrassment and diffi-
culty. I think there can be no doubt but that he
would have quite enough if this limitation law
were imposed. If he could save $400,000 upon
the two items to which I have referred, that sum
alone, deducted from the expenditure of $2,200,000
for the last fiscal year, would leave only $1,800,000.
Deduct fiom this again what might be saved by
the other reductions to which I have referred, and
there can be little doubt of his ability to meet all
reasonable expenses in collecting the revennewith
$1,750,000. I know that the Secretary of the
Treasury has estimated for $200,000 additional
expense in the revenue service in California. There
is also a small item for other new collection dis-
tricts But it is to be remembered that even if
$200,000 were a proper and moderate estimate for
collecting the revenue in that district, still the whole
of it is not an additional charge upon the expense
for the last fiscal year. A part of that $2,200,000
was expended in this very service. The expense
of repairing and fitting out the revenue cutter Law-
rence, during the last fiscal year, is to be charged
to the California district. She was fitted out and
sent to that distrtct during that year. I suppose,
>too, that the custom-house officers appointed for
California also received something during the year
ending June 30, 1849. But, sir, be this as it may,
there ought to be an offset to these expenses m
new districts, in what is saved by abolishing old j
districts that are useless. If any Senator will take j
the trouble to deduct from the annual expenses of I
collecting the revenue from 1840 to 1845 the amount [
spent in the revenue cutter service, (more than
$110,000 per annum,) he will find the average an-
nual expenditure thus computed to have been less
than the sum appropriated in the act of 3d March,
1849. (See report Secretary of Treasury, Decem-
ber 3, 1845.)
These, Mr. President, are the reasons which in-
duce roe to desire in this bill some limitation which
will define the sum beyond which the Secretary of
the Treasury shall not be allowed to go. 1 shall
sustain such an ament^ent in no captious spirit—
from no wish to embarrass the Secretary in the
administration of his department. On the con-
trary, I believe I shall render him a service if I
succeed. I shall smooth his path towards reform;
a reform, too, which would reflect credit upon
himself and the Administration to which he is at-
tached. If a fixed sum is proposed by law, as a
limit to his expenditure in this branch of the ser-
vice, he may make the proper reductions without
embarrassment. He has a ready answer to all re-
monstrances against the necessary reductions. He
may point to the law, and justly throw the respon-
sibility upon Congress. If, on the contrary, we
suspend the restraining clause, and leave the sum
to be expended indefinite, it will be almost impos-
sible for him to make any reductions in the person-
nel of the service. He will be besieged by the
office-holders and th#ir friends. Influences, per-
sonal, social, and political, will be brought to bear,
if possible, upon him. Add to this the natural re-
luctance to parting with patronage and power,
whfch is to be found in almost every human -heart,
and you state a case in which reform becomes al-
most impossible. I know that inconveniences will
always be found in every attempt to reform such
I abuses as exist in this branch of the public service,
j But "where there is a will there will be a way.,r
| Let us create the necessity by law for reforming
! present abuses, and it will not be venturing far to
predict that the work will be accomplished with
far less inconvenience than is now supposed. Sir,
we are commencing a new and, as all confess, a
salutary system. Let us, then, exert ourselves,
not to create difficulties, but to remove the ob-
stacles from its proper execution.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Virginia has
remarked upon this question as if he supposed me
to be opposed .to salutary reforms in- this depart-
ment, and as though that were the drift of the re-
marks which I made. Now, sir, this is not at all
the case. I believe with the Senator that the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue have been greatly
increased, and I incline to think most unnecessa-
rily increased, during the last twenty years; and
though I marvel that'the discovery was not sooner
made, and the proper corrective applied during all
that time, I rejoice at the awakened vigilance which
has just detected this enormous expenditure of
public money.
The Senator from Virginia has the candor to ad-
mit that the present Secretary of the Treasury has
set us a good example in this matter by reducing
the expenditure for the revenue-cutter service.
Under a former Secretary, he says, this expense
has been as much as a half million or thereabouts,
while the reductions made by the officer now at the
head of the Treasury have brought it down to
$275,000—a reduction of almost fifty per cent.
I believe that the expense .of the warehousing
system may be reduced, and perhaps altogether
avoided, by dispensing with the system itself.
Although that is a question as to which much may
be said on both sides, I know that very judicious
and sensible men have considered it of doubtful
expediency, and I think fair arguments may be
adduced to show that neither the Government nor
the importers should be charged with this burden.
Upon the whole, sir, I do not know that there is
any great difference between the Senator from Vir-
ginia and myself at present, unless it be that I
think that these expenditures, which have been
! permitted to grow up until they have reached the
! enormous amount of which he complains, should
be checked and reduced by legislative action, and
not by the discretion of the head of a department,
lopping off, as he is compelled to do, here one
; branch and there another of the public service. I
think it the bounden duty of Congress to carry out
the law which they passed on the 3d of March,
1849, and make specific appropriations for all allow-
ances for collection of the revenue, in the same
manner in which it determines what shall be the
| expenditures of other branches of the public ser-
! vice; and the wonder is that this was not done long
i ago. And now, sir, the sole result of refusing to
1 suspend the operation of this proviso will be to
transfer the duty of making those reforms which
' it is incumbent on the National Legislature to
! make, after a careful investigation of all the facts
i and their probable influence upon the facilities o>
