1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
commerce, and the faithful, prompt, and efficient
collection of the revenue, to the arbitrary discretion
of the Secretary, to make him, in fact, our agent
and attorney.
I am not opposed to an exact economy. I have
avowed my readiness to cooperate in the passage
of any measure calculated to effect judicious-re-
trenchments, and I will prove the sincerity of that
avowal on every proper occasion. I care not in
what branch of the public service the investigation
may be made; let us pursue every charge of exces-
sive expenditure in all its minute details, not hast-
ily and eagerly adopting every proposed reduc-
tion, but carefully and candidly investigating the
facts, and acting only with a full knowledge of the
subject. All this I think is properly the duty of
the Committee on Finance, and by refusing to
suspend this proviso, we rid ourselves of the labor
■which is our duty, and throw upon the Secretary
the business of legislation.
I have said that the expense of collecting the
revenue on the present basis is about §2,200,000
per annum. It is true that the Secretary has esti-
mated the future cost at $2,650,000. This is done
by assuming the present scale of allowance, and
adding what is proper for the expenses of the new
collection districts upon that basis, and increased
expenditures at points where the business has in-
creased. If this amount be too high, if we are to
correct the errors of those who have heretofore
managed this department, let us ascertain and de-
termine wherein the allowances now made are too
much, what parts of the system shall be lopped
off, and what the precise scale of reduction shall
be. We can do this by strict legislative and spe-
cific appropriations.
Now, sir, the act of 3d March, 1849, was intro-
duced the session before the last. It was fully ex-
pected that it would be passed during that session.
To suppose otherwise would be to imply a re-
proach not at all respectful to the other side of the
Senate—to suppose, in short, that it was "allowed
to linger on our calendar until it was ascertained
what Administration would be pinched by it.
That imputation I will not make. I suppose it
was intended that it should pass two sessions ago,
and in that event Congress would have tvpid the
whole of the last session to digest the new system
.—to make the necessary inquiries on which to
base our action. But as Congress failed to pass
the bill until the last night of the last session, and
then as far as I recollect without discussion, cer-
tainly without the investigation which might other-
wise have been had, it is surely nothing but fair
that an opportunity for this should now be afforded
by suspending the proviso until we shall have had
the time which it was supposed the last Congress
might have applied to the subject.
What information the Committee on Finance
might have had, I do not know. I take it for
granted they had no detailed plan of reduction, or
they would have incorporated it into the bill, and
not have left everything vague as it is, and alto-
gether within the discretion of the Secretary. I do
not desire that any abuses or extravagances shall
be perpetuated, but that Congress rfiay do its own
work of retrenchment with a full knowledge of
what they are about, and not break up the present
system by a blow at random. . .
I have no objection to the amendment limiting
the suspension of the proviso to the end of the
fiscal year. The Secretary called the attention of
the Finance Committee to this subject at an early
period, but the delay in organizing the House of
Representatives and our tardiness heie have com-
pelled them at once to cut down the public service
in this department to a large, inconvenient, ana
embarrassing extent. The expense of collecting
the revenue upon the present scale of service and
expenditure has been about §2,200,000, and the
limitation imposed by the proviso proposed to be
suspended' is $1,560,000—a reduction of nearly
one-third, while additional expenditures are de-
manded by the new collection districts in Texas,
California, and Oregon. This act was introduced
into the House of Representatives early in 1848,
nassed that body at the first session of the last
Congress, and slept in this Chamber till the last
of the last session, w*ien it became a law. ine
riroviso going into operation on the 1st ot
present month, and none of the detailed arrange-
ments and specific appropriations contemplated
the act having been made, the Secretary
impelled to make great and important changes
in the complex operations of the customs-depart?
ment.
He has been obliged to issue a circular directing
the revenue cutters to be laid up and their crews
to be discharged. This, while it relieves the
Treasury of a charge amounting to $275,000, dis-
penses altogether with a class of public service
hitherto supposed to be indispensable to prevent
smuggling, and at a period of the year when it .has
been considered to be of great value to our com-
mercial marine, to which it' affords frequent assist-
ance during the storms of winter. Besides, it has
become necessary to direct that the expenses of
the warehousing system, not hitherto paid by the
receipts from storage, &c., shall no longer be a
charge upon the Treasury, but be paid by the im-
porters. This is another item of §194,000. So,
too, the cost of weighing, gauging, marking, and
measuring goods, heretofore paid by Government,
and amounting to $260,000, must now be thrown
on the owners, agents, or consignees. The ex-
penses attending appraisement must now be de-
frayed by the importers instead of the Govern-
ment; this will relieve the Treasury of another
charge of $194,000. Besides this, the allowance
for California, Oregon, Texas, and other new dis-
tricts, and for estimated increase of business else-
where, must be curtailed to the amount of
$167,000, and.after all a per centage on the com-
pensation of all officers of the customs must be,
retained until the effect of these changes shall be
ascertained.
Every one must see that these are vast changes
in the established system of the Department, not
proper to be made without full consideration, such
as Congress has not devoted to them, and that
they demand the immediate attention of this body.
The act of March 3d, 1849, could not, I think,
have been passed with due deliberation. Proper
estimates were not furnished; a detailed system of
reduction w.as not submitted; but it was intended
that future legislation should make specific that
which circumstances have now thrown entirely
into the discretion of the Secretary.
Prior to this act only the net revenue from cus-
toms was paid into the Treasury, all the allow-
ances authorized by law for its collection being
first deducted. But by this act the gross revenue
, is required to be paid into the Treasury, and spe-
I cific appropriations for the expenditures are to be
made by Congress, and by way of compelling
the Secretary to apply for these, and Congress to
determine upon them, the Secretary is limited un-
til such appropriations be made to an expenditure
of $1,560,000 after the 1st January, 1850.
Now, sir, I ask if, under these circumstances, it
is not the duty of Congress to suspend the opera-
tions of this proviso until they can give the sub-
ject proper consideration, and if the refusal to do
so may not bring embarrassment upon the com-
merce and the collection of customs, for which we
may have cause" to be reproached hereafter?
vv nimo _<• in address
by
is con
Sir. DAVIS, of Mississippi, rose to
the Senate, but yielded to -
Mr DICKINSON, who moved to amend the
joint resolution,"by substituting therefor the fol-
lowing:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmeri^a in Congress assemt/ed, Phat until
specific appropriations are maile by law, the proviso to the
fourth section of the act of the 3d March, 18J9, he suspend-
ed* Provided, nevertheless, That, in the mean timo. the ex-
nenses of collecting the revenue from customs ehall not
pvreed such sum per annum as vva<* expended for sau pur-
pose during the fiscal year ending the 30Ui June, 1848, to-
gether with such Minis in addition as may be paid into thu
treasury for dravage, cartas??,-labor, and storage.
Mr. DA-Vis, of Mississippi. The amendment
offered by the honorable Senator removes the ob-
jection which I felt to the resolution originally in-
troduced, which was to suspend the operation of
the policy of limiting and making specific the ap-
propriation for the collection of the revenue. It
is an anomaly in our Government, that the collec-
tion of the revenue has heretofore been unchecked
by any appropriation from Congress, while all
other expenditures have been confined within a
fixed limit. It is also most true that it ha,s been
impossible, from the reports and estimates, and
statements of the Treasury Department, to ascer-
tain what amount of money, paid originally by
imposts into the custom-houses, has been detained
by orders of the Secretary of the Treasury with-
out any appropriation or any law therefor, and
thus consumed in the payment of expenses.
It issomewliat strange that this matter has con-
tinued so long unrebuked and unchecked by any
administration; and it certainly inures greatly to
the credit of the last Secretary of the Treasury,
that he was the first who ever asked Congress to
take from him a portion of his powej; for that is, in
effect, what is done, when money is withheld from
the treasurer. By the Constitution of the United
States, no money can be drawn from the treasury
of the United States, except by law; a'ffd yet from
year to year, here was a large amount of money
annually drawn by the Secretary of the Treasury
from its natural channel, and appropriated by him
at his discretion. This was an evil which I con-
sidered to be remedied by the act of March last.
It was an evil which was not first suggested in
March, 1848, which my friend from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] seemed to suggest was only carried
out in March, 1849, to bear upon the incoming
Administration. It was suggested by him in his re-
port at the commencement of his service, and waa
followed up year after year, until that year when
his services were about to close. Then, for the
first time, in the year 1848, he omitted it; he
passed over the year 1848", and transferred to the
.year 1849 the action upon this matter. This must
be apparent to that Senator, if he recollects the
political complexion of the last Congress.
I would prefer, Mf. President, instead of sus-
pending the "proviso at all, to increase the appro-
priation—to increase the sum to whatever limits,
by our estimate, may be found necessary to sup-
port the expense of the revenue. I do not con-
sider that a case has yet been made out to show
that any increase is necessary.
j Nor was the sum of §1,560,000 adopted vaguely,
I without a calculation, as is now intimated. In
1846, a statement was called for of the total
amount expended in the collection of the revenue.
According to the report of the financial year, end-
ing in June, 1846, the sum total was near two
millions of dollars. The same year, Mr. Walker,
in two letters, to the Committee of Finance in the
Senate and to the Committee of Ways and Means
in the House of Representatives, recommended
the adoption of just such a law as this. In March,
1846, in writing to the committee, he called upon
them to make this report. In May, 1846, he re-
newed the same recommendation, to which he ap-
pended a section, that t'ne amount to be disbursed
i should not exceed, for the fiscal year ending June,
i 1847, or for any succeeding year, §1,520,000. In
1 his next report—his annual report—he set forth
J the various reductions at §500,000, and upon that
i estimate, and his statements of the expenditures
of the previous year, this sum was based.
I Now, sir, this sum of $1,560,000 is not the
I whole sum appropriated to the collection of the
j revenue. There is to be added to it a further oiini
! of $240,000 or '$250,000, on account of the draw-
I back from storage, &c., making a total sum of over
| $1,800,000, which is directly appropriated. This
' sum is not equal to the two millions reported in
' this case. It is about the same originally reported
as expended in 1846, because then theie was no
such drawback for storage, drayag;e, and labor,
which now amounts to two hundred and forty or
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, and which
is therefore to be deducted from the sum expended
that year. This deduction will bring it down to
about that sum.
Then, sir, I do not doubt that the retrenchments
have been properly made. I do not expect that
any officer of the Government should dismiss his
own employees, unless he is coerced to it by spe-
cific appropriations. I do not expect that where
his predecessor had a certain number of clerks,
&c., he will carry his retrenchment into effect by
dismissing the employees of his own department.
It is not to be expected of any and I trust it
will not be expected of the present Secretary of the
Treasury that he should limit the expenses of the
collection of the revenue.
The Senator from Maryland seems to suppose,
however, that a new charge, heretofore paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury, is to be thrown
upon the expenses of collecting the revenue, or
* .  - T^"n«7. f fhinlc that is not the
Now, I think that is not the
case." "Heretofore, as I understand, the Govern-
ment has employed draymen, laborers, and clerks.
For all the labor, the drayage, and storage, the
Government originally pays, and this is refunded
when the goods are taken out. Now, by the act
of March 3, 1849, Government will still pay out
the amount for labor, storage, and drayage, and
