1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
try,—whatever reason may have brought his
mind to this conclusion, I stand here to support,
to lie fullest extent, the largest measure of lehef,
because I believe it to be just.
Mr. VINTON addressed the Chair and was
recognized.
JVlr. PRESTON KING said he would like to
address the committee, and claimed the floor, on
the giound that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
VinionJ had once spoken.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Ohio had addressed the committee by the
leave of the gentleman from Indiana, and had not
occupied the door in his own right.
Mr. VINTON proceeded to address the com-
mittee, substant ally as follows:
Mr.*V. said, that most of the bounties proposed
to be given by this bill had been repeatedly before
the House, and some of them almost eveiy year i
for more than a quarter of a century, without
meeting with a favorable consideration; but from
appearances, the cuirent in favor of tins bill was
so strong that he did not know it was ot any avail
to try to stem it. He way, however, desirous of
stating the grounds which would govern his vote.
The bill proposes to give hind bounties to those
troops who served in ttie Indian wars in the west-
ern country, under Wayne and otheis; m the last
war with Gteat Britain; m the Florida war, &c.
In the case of the troops who served in the war of
the Revolution, inasmuch as the country was un-
able to pay them for their services, pensions were
allowed them at a subsequent period by way of
compensation; though land bounties were not
grunted even in the ease of the revolutionary sol-
diers, to any except those who served during the
war. In ail the cas<*s provided for in this bill, the
troopsfwere fully paid all that the Government
contracted to pay, and all that the soldier at the
time expected to receive, to the last dollar. The
proposed bounty, then, cannot be claimed as a mat-
ter of right, it is a pure gratuity, and a gratuity,
too, the value of which is greatly diminished from
the fact that speculators in these warrants will
pocket nearly the whole value ot the land granted.
If this immense quantity of land warrants oe added
to those already in the market and yet to be issued
to the soldiers of the Mexican war, it is perfectly
plain that a land bounty, or soldier's right to 160
acres of land, will sink down to a mere song in the
market, not to exceed some ^20, which was for a
long time the standing price or ihe warrants issued
to the soldieis of the iast war with Great Britain.
Gentlemen who have gone befoie me, and have
inquired into the subject, estimate the quantity of
lands that will be granted by this bill, at from fifty
to a hundred millions ot acres. And the gentle-
man who repoittd the bill admits that hecannotin-
focmus what quantity his bill does give away. One
thing is certain, that with the Mexican warrants
yet to be laid on the lands, the quantity embraced
by this bill will be equal to the whole demar-d for
public lands for some fifteen or twenty years to
come, at least, if not longer. When a bounty
land warrant can be bought for §20, or for any
sum much below $!£00, for one bundled and sixty
acies, which is the Government puce m cash tor
that quantity of land, it is very oeitam that the
Goteiomemcan never sell an acre of land while this
stale of things continues. I (hen assume it to be
true, that this bill, it it become a law, will entirely
dry up, ror the next fifteen or twenty yeais, that
branch of the public revenue which is deuved from
the sale of the public Lnds. This brings me to
the inquiry, whether the financial condition of the
country is such as to justify us in granting away,
in mere gratuities, this important t ranch of the
public revenue. For, if once given away, we
shall not have the ability to get it back again in
time of need. This leads me to inquire whataie
to be our necessai y public expendituies, and what
our means or income to meet them r In the first
place, the registered debt of the country is about
sixty-five millions; to which must be added our
debt to Mexico to and our own citizens under the
treaty of peace with that country, whi.h will in-
crease the whole debt of the nation at this time to
about eighty millions. The interest on this debt
is to be piovued for, and we ought to create a
sinking fund to meet the principal when it falls
due. "in addition to this, we must provide lor the
current expenses of the Government, which will
hereafter unavoidably exceed our past expendi-
tures, let whatever party may come into power or
remain in power. The expenses of the Govern-
ment, including the interest on the debt, will, in
future, in all probability amount to from thirty-five
to forty millions per annum, without maki/ig pro-
vision for a sinking fund to meet the pimciple of
our debt, If we dry up this branch of the reve-
nue, what have we ieft to meet this laige demand
for money? Nothing but the income from the
customs. Is there any well informed gentleman in
this House, who will say that we can safely rely
on this one branch of income to meet our futuie
wants? Is it safe to assume there will be no future
diminution of imports5 On the contiary, is there
not every reason to expect that the time is not lar
distant when we cannot pay the balance agawist
us by sending abroad our public securities, and
that an expoit of specie will take place? An ex-
poit of specie to any considerable amount will, of
necessity, curtail our imports, and "with it our re-
venue from customs. We cannot expect that the
days of commercial revulsion are past. They will
come upon us and on ail other commercial nations.
Let me, then, imagine, what perhaps is inoie than
probable, that m the course of two or three years,
the income from customs will be insufficient to
meet the wants of the Government. What are we
to do, if we part with the land revenue? We have
several expedients, to all or any one of which we
may lesort, to meet the deficiency. But let us
consider whether the motive to giant these gratui-
ties is strong enough to induce us to resort to all
or any of them, in the first place, in case of need,
we can make a loan. But to make a lean in time
of peace to meet the expenditures of the Govern-
ment, is contrary to all ournotions of sound econ-
omy. It is a very bold experiment to grant gra-
tuities that will bung about that necessity. It we
do not make a loan, we can add to the duties on
impoits. Will the South and ihe free-trade gen-
tlemen vote for gratuities that will lorce them into
that necessity? This may be acceptable to the
manufacturing interest; but will it not be well lor
the friends ot manufactures to consider whether,
if this state of tilings be br« ught about by their j
votes, the advocates of tree-trade may not insist on j
an excise on manufactutes, and resist an increase t
of duties on imports? An excise is an expedient !
to which we may resort to replenish the Treasury, j
Last of ail, we may resort to dnect taxation. 1 |
do not believe any part of the country would stand
that, and certainly the South and West would not.
it is, under our system, a most unequal as well as
u.ost oppressive tax, being Lid, not according to
the value of the property in the different States,
but according to the number of their people; so
that Illinois would pay as much direct tax as Mas-
sachusetts. Is it politic or right to grant bounties
that will subject us to the hazaid ot any of these
necessities r I think not. Instead of tiiat, it ap-
pears to mc we ought to preserve tins great landed
interest, and appropriate it to public uses, and
especially to create out of its income a sinking
fund for the discharge of the public debt. In a
little tune the Mexican land warrants will be ab-
sorbed, and if we make no mote grants, we may
safely calculate after that the levenue from the
public lands will be equal to five or six millions
per annum. The great increase of oui population,
trotn us natural growth, and from immigration,
renders this all but certain. A majoiity of the
three hundred thousand emigrants that now come
into the country annually become agriculiunsts.
Ou^ht we not, m justice to ourselves, io avail our-
selves of this oppoitu mty to pay off the public debt
of the country without taxing the countiy a cent."
These emigiants have no ught to complain, il they
pay for our choice lands, only what our own citi-
zens have always paid, and which, consiucimg
their quality, aie the cheapest Jcinds in the woiid.
The public domain of this countiy is wot th tins
day one thousand millions of dollars; and nothing
can be more ceitain, than if tlu-s bill passes, the
whole of them will be abandoned to wild specu-
lation, to the gieat detriment of the settlement of
the country, while the expense which they occa-
sion to tiie Government will be in no wise dimin-
ished, but rather increased; for the lands must
still be surveyed, the Indian titles tnusr still be
bought in, the laud offices must sull be kept open
to receive the entnes of the warrants, tne Land
Office ai the seat ot Government, and Lite Pension
Oxfice must be kept up; m a woid, our whole ma-
chinery must be maintained; while,so soon as the
revenue from the lauds ceases, they will be re-
garded as abandoned, and will become the subject
of the most enormous plunder and speculation.
Posterity, when it looks back on this great herit-
age, will wonder at our folly.
In the course of his remarks,
Mr. VINTON yielded the floor to
Mr. MEADE, who offered the following amend-
ment:
jfaid be it further enacted, That all warrants heretofore
i?suwl to soldiers in the war of 3819 with Great Britain, or
to their widows or orphans, shall be transferable in the same
manner as other ttnliuoy land warrants.
Mr. B1S3ELL said: Mr. Chairman, I am in
favor, most cordially, to the bill now under dis-
cussion. 1 am in favor of it upon principles of
justice and national policy, because it proposes an
act of justice to a meritorious class of our citizens,
and because the true policy of our Government is
indicated in the principle upon which the bill is
suppoited. Bui, before giving my leasons at
large for advocating this measuie, I wish to notice
some remarks of the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Evans ] That gentleman as-
serted that the friends of the bill had brought it
forward with the view of making political capital
in their respective districts. This is the motive
which,in theopinionof that gentleman, influences
the friends of the measure.
Now, I protest agamst any gentleman looking
into his own bosom to find motives for my.action.
He knows the influences that control him; he
knows why he votes for a measure or against if,
and on that subject 1 shall not quarrel with him;
but when he infers from his knowledge of him-
self, or from any other cause, that the friends of
this bill support it upon such considerations, and
from such motives as he has ascribed to us, i beg
leave mo.-t respectfully to say, that he must not
speak for mc. Why, sir, the benefits conferred by
this bill are not confined to any locality, nor to
any particular districts.
The bill is not sectional or local in its character.
Its benefits are not to be confined to particular dis-
tricts. Are there not soldiers living in Maryland ?
Are they not to be found in the northern and
middle States, as well as in the western? Un-
doubtedly. Then how is it that this measure is to
be peculiarly popular m my district or in yours,
sir ? Is it ihe new States only or chiefly, thatare ta "
be benefited by this measure ? On the contrary, sir,
those who are to be the recipients of whatever
benefits this bill may confer, are to be found prin-
cipally in the old States, and not in the new. In
advocating this measure, therefore, I am sustain-
ing the interests of the people residing in the gen-
tleman's own State, and in the States of New York
and Pennsylvania, as well as in Illinois. And
more particularly their interests, because the class
of persons embraced in the provisions of this bill
are chiefly the residents of the old States. Hence
it is no sectional measure; it has no sectional ten-
dencies; it is not for the benefit of the new States
so much even as for that of the old.
One objection, which the gentleman from Mary-
land urges with great force, and which has been
urged with equal pertinacity by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vintojj,] who has just resumed his
seat, is, that it will divert from theTreasui y of the
General Government a fund of very srteat import-
ance. The gentleman from Ohio, especially, pre-
dicts that a high tanlf, and other calamities equal'y
to be deprecated, will fall upon ihe country as a
consequence of diverting a portion of the avails of
the puohc holds from the general Treasury; but I
beg leave to dissent from his views altogether.
You well remember, Mr. Chairman, that there wts
a notable scheme once statted, of giving away to
the States the entne avails of all the public lands.
1 am not quite sure, but I suspect, from knowing
the political party which advocated the measure,
and knowing the party to which the honorable
gentlemen [Mr. Evans and Mr. Vinton] belonged,
that they both favored the scheme. That scheme
proposed to give to the Slates—not to individuals
that they might cultivate them—not to decref.it
soldiers, who had fought the battles of your coun-
try—not to the descendants of those who had fallen
in battle, but to the Stales, the entire avails of the
public lands.
Mr. VINTON (the floor being temporarily
yielded to htm) was understood to say that that
bill was passetl by a majoiity of something like
two-thirds of the members of the House of all
parties, and that the reason for it was, that there
