THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED A T WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS i3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31ot Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 21, }850.
New Series....".No. 79.
lively interest he has manifested in this measure,
and the attention and efficient aid he has given it,
entitle him to the gratitude of the whufe country.
•He has, in my judgment, rendered a service to the
country, and especially to that meritoiious class of
persons embraced in the bill, which they will be
slow to forget.
The getitlemm from Alabama, too, [Mr. Cobb,]
who reported the present bill from the committee ot
wi ich he is a member, who has shown himself so
(ieitrminedly its friend, and who was the first. I be-
lieve, to direct, by resoluuon4ihe attention of this
House to this subject—to him, also, do I take
pleasure in tendeiing my acknowledgments for
what I regard as service valuable and just to a de-
sei ving class of our fellovV-citizens.
i hope, Mr. Chairman, the bill may become a
law without unnecessary delay; and 1 feel confi-
dent that the cnuntiy will approve it.
Mr. HOLMli^ next obtained the floor, and
proceeded to address the committee. He desired
to ask the Chair m what consisted the difference
or similarity between this bill and the VVilmot
piovisn? The difference (observed Mr. H.)isex-
actly tins: The Wilmot proviso designs by force
of tliis Government, in the exeicise of its mighty
powers, to cheat one section of the country for the
benefit of anoiher This bill proposes by the like
action of this central Government, to cheat all the
States for the benefit of a few speculators.
Now, sir, the public domain, whether acquired
by conquest, or whether acquired by donation
from the generous old Dominion, was intended
expressly as a common fund for the common ben-
efit ot the States constituting one common country.
And, sir, to show that that was the I.ght in which
it was Viewed by this Government, and that it
was so regarded by the nation when we emerged
from the Mexican war, I put this question, and 1
put it to the honesty of every man now present—
Did not this Government, when the strug"le was
past and the Mexican campaign ended, put forth
a proclamuion deilaiing that the enure fund aris-
ing from the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, should be held liable for the redemption of
the debt that had been incurred in the prosecution
of the war? 1 ask gentlemen, Did they or did they
not mortgage these lands, and if they did mort-
gage the land—if your stocks, raised upon the hy-
pothecation of that land, has gone into foreign
markets, into the hands of those capitalists who
confided in your declaration—[ ask whether you
are not doing wrong in giving away this fund >—
whether you are not doing an act that no honest
man,acting in his individual capacity, would dare
to do even in Wali street'
Sir, in that street of immense business, and im-
mense capital, if a man makes a mortgage on
winch ho raises a fund, and afterwards sells and
transfers such mortgaged property, and fails to
pay the mortgage, he is treated as being dishonest,
even by that honorable and highmiirdtd company
of brokers and shavers. And, sir, so important
'do I think this obligation—to preserve the thing
mortgaged—in a national point of view, that i w.sh
solemnly to ca.l the attention of this committee to
it. Men should not do, when congregated together,
that Which they would oe ashamed to do as individ-
uals. 1 ask that this mortgage may be read by
the Cleik. The Clerk read the 19th section of the
act of 1347, authorising the issue of Treasury
notes, a loan, and f-n other purposes.
Mr. BA\ LY. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a qu^suon?
Mr. HOLMES. Certainly; but the gentleman
must not pit a question which it may be difficult
for me to ar s#er, [a laugh.]
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to ask the genfleman
whether tne loan that was negotiated by this Gov-
ernment in 184d, was not obtained upon as favor-
able terms as the loan of 1847, notwithstanding the
fact which the gentleman so strongly insists upon,
that the public lands were pledged m 1847 for the
rej a/metit of the money boi rowed ? Did not that
loan command a piemium.'
Mr. HOLMES. I will say to the gentleman
from Virginia, in reply to his interrogatory, in the
79
first place, that when we entered into the war it
was of somewhat doubtful issue, but that we sub-
sequently made acquisitions of territory, which
served as additional security to the creditors of the
Government, and consequently the credit of the
nation proportionally rose. But I wish to ask ;
the honorable gentleman, how does his inquiry I
affect this question as to the mortgage virtually j
existing upon the public land?
Mr. BAYLY. The creditors of the Govern- !
mem, by means of the loan in which the lands j
were not pledged, have no security arising from j
that source, and lands acquired subsequently can- i
not be considered as being pledged. j
Mr. HOLMES. I wish to put this question to '
the gentleman: Suppose that he wete in want of j
money, which he found it difficult to ratte, and |
that he should pledge the annual proceeds of his j
farm for the repayment of a loan, first for the leduc- ■
tion of the interest, and secondly for the reduction
of the principal, and that after the money hud
been borrowed, additions were made to his farm,
by improvements or otheiwise, would he feel him-
self authorized to divert any of ihe proceeds of
his crops of corn, wheat, or tobacco, to another
purpose, and turn round to his creditor and say,
'• 1 want to use this money for some other pur-
pose—I want to give it to my children, or I want
to drive m a new coach. 1 feel rich enough to pay
you when I choose." I put the question to the
gentleman, would this be a fulfillment of the obli-
gation* Would this be keeping; faith with his
creditor ?
Mr. BA.YLY. I do not see the analog}*-.
Mr. MeCL&RNAND. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. HOLMES. The gentleman from Illinois
must excuse me, I want to finish what I ha\e to
say. I j^ave way to the gentleman from Virginia
repeatedly, but i really cannotargue with each gen-
tleman individually. 1 should never be able to
get through with what I have to say. Now, the
only answer lhat can be given to my argument i*
that which was given by the leader of their party,
that in the subsequent loan we got a premium,
although the proceeds of the public lands had
been hypothecated before. That is the argument
on the opposite side. .Now, I ask eveiy gentle-
mam in thte House—no, I uo not ask the gentle-
man from Virginia, for he does not seethe analogy
between the case of the Government and that of
an individual'—-but if there is an analogy, I ahk
any man who calls himself a conscientious, a
righteous man—and in reference to a nation, it will
be remembered that it is lighteousne^ that exalt-
eth a nation—1 ask whether it would be just, under
any system of ethics, to divert this fund to any
other purpose? But it is baid, here a a class of
meritorious individuals who have served then-
country faithfully, and were worthy soldiers—
men who have achieved so much glory (or their
country. Why, sn, is not agreacet hioutedueto
those who went forth to the field, voluntarily and
enthusiastically, in the war with Mexico? but is
this an excuse for conimittinga wrong? Oh, gen-
tlemen say, do justice to these old soldiers. Aye,
do justice and love mercy. Justice is put before
mercy. I beg gentlemen, if they do mean to give
away these lands, to reflect upon the right tiiey
have so to dispose of pioperty which they them-
selves have hypothecated.
Now, I will ask another question. S.-tys the
gentleman from Illinois, these Unds can never pay
the debt for which they have been hypothecated.
That may be, or it may not. But I put this ques-
tion: if, as the gentleman from Illinois says,
these lands have not yielded more than seventeen
cents an acre, what does his argument amount to ?
It amounts to this: We should not apply this
fund to the purpose originally designed, because
there is not enough of u to accomplish that pur-
pose. That is to say, that it I had a piece of propeny
which I had bought for a hundred thousand dol-
lars, and after 1 had paid for it, I had mortgaged
it to a friend for forty thousand dollats, and it
yielded but four per cent., 1 might appropriate tha
proceeds to other purposes and refuse to pay the
principal or interest upon ihe mortgage, i do not
ask the gentleman fiom Virginia, for he does not
see the analogy. WeJJ now, I say these public
lands have yielded from two to thr^ee millions of
dollars annually: that wilt pay the interest; upon a
large sum; and I put this question now to our
noithern friends who have been pleading on this
floor day after day for ftee trade: Ate you pre-
pared—and here 1 come in conflict with my friend
again, 1 fear—are you, for the purpose of aiding
this grand distributive bounty scheme, prepaied to
place in the hands of these agents and speculators
these donations of land ? I confess that I am not.
The operations of the manufacturing establish-
ments of Pennsylvania have for the most part
been suspended, and gentlemen have already told
us that there must be a tariff imposed, and my
friend, while on the one side he wishes to defeat
the bill, draws the same sort of conclusion on the
other s.de by stating that if this bill passes, the
absuaction of such an amount will create a neces-
sity for an equal amount to be raised—but in what
way ? The gentleman can devise but two schemes
for that purpose. The first is internet} taxation.
I take it, however, that if the South agree to that,
the Wo: will not, and I ask my friends of the
West, Are your constituents willing to go for in-
ternal taxation ? I apprehend they are not. "Well,
then, if they are not willing, and the Whigs have
the power at this moment, 1 ask, aie you southern
free trade Democrats willing to allow a tariff to be
| placed upon iion and coal?
j Hut I speak of those who, upon the principle of
; free trade, are not limited by a modification of
j their own policy; and i ask this question—ifgeti-
! tlemen will not agree, to internal ordireot taxation,
I will my friend from Virginia, and otheis who
j advocate fiee trade on alt'occasions, go for this
i measure? The question might be asKed with
i fearful import.
j I will tell you what the effect of this bill will be.
; It will have the effect of dividing parties in this
{ House, of controlling eveiything, of swallowing
i up the public lands. I do not mean swallow up
[ m the sense as explained by the gentleman over
1 the way. 1 mean practically swallowing up, so
j far as the amount of the value is concerned. No
j land can be made pioductive without actual occu-
I pution and cultivation. The value must depend
j upon the extent of the population. This popula-
tion has but two modes of increase—by nature
i and by emigiation. Increase in both these ways
j is certain and irrevocable; but all transportation
I across the ocean requires the outlay of laigesums,
( and the consequence is, that Ireland has a starving
i population of half a million. Th6 emigration to
, this country amounts to from three and a half to
j four hundred thousand annually, Weil, now,
t what will you have done by giving up these lands ?
I Wnl you have populated them? No, sir. But
J you will place in the hands of speculators im-
I mense quantities of land; and these men will be
} enabled to govern and keep m their own hands
the prices of those lands, it will have the effect,
also, of inuuemg men to enter into this kind of
speculation; and aU the evils that have been so
well depicted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, will be brought upon us. A great revulsion
will be brought upon the country likean avalanche.
Mr. H.W1NG said: Mr. Cnatrman, i am m
! favor of the principle of this bill, and propose to
j answer the material objections uiged against its
passage. In the first place, it is asserted that the
public lands are pledged, by the act of 1647, for
the redemption of the certificates of stocii of the
United States, issued under its provision®
terms of the I9 h section are, as fallow:
Skc. 10. be Ujurther enaefut, Tlmt, for the pay-
ment at the .-took which may he ti< ku-m! ud 1. r the provis-
ion.- of tins net, the a.tl-s oj' the |hii>uc hunis ate nereby
pltrd<j> d ; and it i  hereby made the duly ot ui« Seen tary
of ui j Tiea.-iny to use and apply ;nl money!* w.nc h may be
K'Cfcived for cue bales o public lands a:ttr the 1st day of
Jinu m, Ics-iS* fiist, to pay the nmre.-t on all tho fctoclw;
and secondly, u&t* me baianee, after pa.nug toe interest irt
the puichase of said stocks at their niaikut value,'7 ..
Now, it is evident that the terms of this section
do not maka any specific pledge of these landrf,
