1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
ton, Hay, Haymond, Ilebard, Henry, HllJiard, Houston,
Howp, Hunlt'i-j J. L.Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George
G. Kmg, JamosG.Kina, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McGaushey, McKissock, F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson^Neweil, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, RiSJey,
Rockwell, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermer-
hom, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague,
Stanly, Alex. II. Stephens, Taylor, John B. Thoippson,
Tliurinan, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, White, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Wmthrop.
For Mr. Dow—Messrs. Ashe, Avereti, Bay, BeaTe, Booth,
Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, A. G. Brown, Buel, Burt, G. A.
Caldwell, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Dunham,
Ewing, Gerry, Gilmore, Green, Hammond, I. G. Harris, S.
W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Iltbbard, Iloagland, Holmes, Hub-
hard, Inge, A. Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
La S6re, Leffier, Littlefield, McDowell, R. M. McLane,
Meade, Miller, Morse, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Richardson,
F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Thomas,"Jacob Thompson,
William Thompson, Waldo, and Whittlesey.
For Mr. Glosshrenner—Messrs. Albertson, Bayly, Bing-
ham, Bocock, William G. Brown, J. Cable, Carter, Howell
Cobb, Durkee, Fitch, Fullei, Hall, Hackett, Haralson, Har-
lan, Holliday, Preston King, Job Mann, Mas-on, McCler-
nand, McDonald, McLanahan, McMullen, MiNson, Morns,
Orr, Parker, Robbing, Robin?on, Ross, Sawtelle, Scddon,
Stetson, "Strong, James Thompson, Venable, Wellborn,
Wilmot, Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. Walbridge—Messrs. Disney, Doty, Gorman,
MeWilhe, Olds, Potter, Savage, Sweetser, Walden, and
Wood.
For Mr. Washington—Messrs. Colcock and Alex. Evans.
For Mr. Flood—Messrs. Edmonson and Powell.
For Mr. Lewis—Messrs. McQueen and Wallace.
For Mr. Lane—Mr. Featherston.
For Mr. Dorsey—Mr. Hamilton.
For Mi. Shekel!—Mr. Root.
Mr. MORSE rose and nominated Charles K.
Gardner, late Postmaster of Washington city.
Mr. SACKETT, on his own motion, was ex-
cused from further service as a teller.
Mr. THURMAN was appointed in his stead.
Mr. PECK stated that he should decline to vote
for the residue of this day, having paired off with
his colleague, [Mr. Hebard,] who was indis-
posed.
The roll was then again called.
When the roll had been called through, a great
many members changed their votes.
Mr. MORSE withdrew the name of Mr. Gard-
ner.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, withdrew the name of
Mr. Dow.
The tellers reported that 209 votes had been cast;
necessary to a choice 105; of which
Mr. Giddmgs received 102
Mr. Glossbrenner.   106
Mr. Dow    1
209
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Gloj-sbtennei—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Avcrett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Buel,
Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland,
Howt-ll Cobb, Williamson R. WT. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Di«noy, Doty, Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hackett,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Tsham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Holiidav, Ilubbard, Inge. Andrew Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King,
La Sere, Leffler, Littleficld, Job Mann, Mason, McCler-
nand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. Me-
Lane, McMullen, McQueen, MeWillie, Meade, MilTer,
Millson, Morns, Morse, Old?,, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson,Ross, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Stetson, Strong. Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Wal-
den, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wilmot,
Wood, Woodward, and Younff.
For Mr. Giddm s—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andiews, Ashnuut, Baker, Bennett. Bokee. Bowie, Breek,
Bug"5?, Biooks, Burrows, Chester Butlei, Thomas B. But-
ler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Claik, Clingman, Colo, Conger, Comad,
Corwin, Croweil, Deberrv, Dickev, Dixon, Duor, Duncan,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould. Grinnell,*rialloway, Hampton, Hay,
Haunond, lleniy, Hilliard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James
L. Johnson, Keri,'Daniel P. Km?. George G.King, James G.
Knur.' H. Mnnn, Matteson, McGaughey, MeKir-sock, Fims
E. McLean, Meaoham, Moon*, Morelnad, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Olc, Ou>, Outlaw, Owen, Phcemx, Pitman, Put-
nam. Reed, Revnolds R-s!ev, Rockwell. Root,Ro>-e, Rum-
sev. Saekett, Schcnek, Schermcrhorn, Schoolcraft, Shep-
herd, Silvester, Spalding, Spiaguc, Stanly, Alexander If.
Stephen*, T«i\lor, John'B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck,
TJnileilnll, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and
Winthrop.
For Mr. Dow—Mr. Dunham.
So Mr. Glossbrenner having received a majority
of all the votes, was declared to be duly elected
Sergeant-at-iums of this House for the thirty-first
^IVh. Gi.osBRENiTER was thereupon introduced
within the bar by Nathan Sargent, Esquire, late
Sergcant-at-arms, and was sworn by the Speaker.
Mr. CARTER moved that the House adjourn,
but withdrew the motion at the request of a num-
ber of members near him.
Mr. BILLIARD rose and said that, to carry
out the order of the House, he would offer a reso-
lution, (which he sent to the Speaker's table.)-
Mr. HACKETT moved that the House do now
adjourn.
No question was taken on this motion.
The resolution was then read in substance as
follows:
Resolved, That Mr. Horner, the presentDoorkeeper, and
Mr. Johnson, the present Postmaster, of the House, be, re-
tained in their respective places during the present session.
The resolution having been read, objections
Were made to its introduction
Mr. HILLIARD inquired of the Speaker
whether the resolution was not in order?
The SPEAKER said that the Chair hod hereto-
fore ruled a similar motion to be out of order.
Mr. HfLLIARD. Is it not carrying out the
order of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled other-
wise,and the House has acquiesed in the decision.
Mr. HfLLIARD. I shall not take an appeal,
though the decision is against my judgment.
After a momentary conversation between Mr.
HOUSTON and the SPEAKER—
Mr. BAKER moved (for the purpose, he was
understood to say, of proceeding to the transaction
of the public business) that all further action on
the order of the House, relating to the election of
officers be postponed until Monday next.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. STANLY was understood to inquire of the
Chair whether, if a postponement should be agreed
to, the resolution would then be in order? if not,
what use was there in postponing?
The SPEAKER replied, that the resolution
would not then be in order, because it was a viola-
tion of the rules of the House-, and if the election
was postponed to a day certain, no election could,
in the opinion of the Chair, .be had in the interval
between that time and the present. If a motion for
indefinite postponement should be agreed to, it
would be equivalent to rescinding the order; and a
resolution to proceed to the election of officers
would be in order.
Mr. BAKER. Does the Chair decide that if a
motion for indefinite postporement should prevail,
the resolution of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Hilliard] would then be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in that event,
would entertain a'motion that the House proceed
to the election of a Doorkeeper'and other officers.
But the resolution^ the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Hilliard,] as was the case with a similar
resolution in relation to other officers, was ruled
out of order on the ground that it was not in con-
formity with the rules of the House prescribing the
mode of election. And this objection to the resolu-
tion would be applicable, whether the order re-
mained in force, or whether it were rescinded.
-Mr. HILLIARD suggested, as an inquiry,
whether the taking the yeas and nays on-the res-
olution would not be, in fact, taking a vote viva
voce.
The SPEAKER said, it would be in the recol-
lection of gentlemen, that the same point had here-
tofore been raised by the gentleman from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Morse.] The Speaker had then given
his opinion, that the proceeding now contemplated
by the gentleman from Alabama would not be a
compliance with the rule. The opinion of the
Chair on this point remained unchanged.
Mr. VINTON rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether, if the execution of the order was indefi-
nitely postponed, it would be in order again to
bring up the subject during the present session?
The SPEAKER. Not with reference to the ex-
ecution of that order. But the Chair is of opinion,
that it would be in order to proceed to the election
of officers of the House, their election being ne-
cessary to the organization of the House.
Mr. HACKET moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. MEADE rose and (scarcely heard) was un-
derstood to inquire, whether the order was still in
force—whether it applied to the other officers of
the House not yet elected?
The SPEAKER said it applied to the other offi-
cers.
The SPEAKER then statecHhe question to be
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker,] that the further execution of the order be
postponed until Monday next.
Mr. BAKER desired to modify his motion. He
presumed that the indefinite postponement of the
order would leave the present incumbents in office.
The SPEAKER made a remark not heard by
the reporter. " ^
^ Mr. ASHMUN said that he understood that
if the order was indefinitely postponed it could not
be called up again; but that it would be'in order,
at any time to move to proceed to the election of
officers. He would suggest that an indefinite post-
ponement should be agreed to, and that whenever
any member should make another proposition
looking to an election, it should be voted down,
because it would be an attempt to remove from
office.
The SPEAKER (to Mr. Baker.) Does the
gentleman from Illinois withdraw his motion?
Mr. BAKER. I move that the execution of
the order be indefinitely postponed; and on that
motion I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALL desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether there was any rule of the House
under which, if the motion for indefinite post-
ponement was agreed to, the present incumbents
would be continued in office.
The SPEAKER (doubtfully heard) was under-
stood to say that the Chair could not decide what
the effect of the motion for indefinite postpone-
ment would be, except upon the resolution itself.
It was for the House to decide who its officers
were, fend by what tenure tHey held their offices.
The question before the House was on the motion
for indefinite postponement.
Mr. McMULLEN objected, he said, to the re-
ception of the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order with-
out reference to any objections.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to ascertain
whether the yeas and nays were ordered; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HACKETT moved that the House ad-
journ, and asked tellers on that motion; who were
ordered. (Messrs. Waldo and King of Rhode
Island were appointed.)
And the vote being taken stood yeas 69, noes 98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Baker, and was decided in the
negative—yeas 80, nays 125—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Ashmun, Baker,
Bennett, Bokee, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, C. Butler,
Thomas B. Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler,
Clingman,Cole, Conrad,Corwin, Croweil, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Freed ley, Giddmgs, Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
HaNoway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hilliard, Hous-
ton, Howe, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G, Kins, James
G. Kme, Horace Mann, Matteson, McKissock, F. E. Mc-
Lean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Nelson, Newell, Ot;le,
Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, RUley, Rock-
well, Rumsey.Sacketl, Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester,
Sprague, Stanly, A. II. Stephens, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck,
Underbill, Watkms, Wlnte^ Williams, Wilson, and Win-
throp—8<J.
NAY'S—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Ashe, Avfrett, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bocock, Booth,
Bowdon, Bowie, Kowhn, Boyd, Win. X Brown, Buel, Burt,
J. Cable, George A. Caldwell, Campbell, Carter, Cleveland,
W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Daniel, Disney, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing, Featheis-ton, Fitch. Ful-
ler, Gerry, Crlmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Hackett,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, T*ham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris-, Kibbaid,
Hoaj land, Holliday, Hubbard, Hunttr, In^e, Andrew John-
son, James L. Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere. Leffler, Lmlefiold, Job
Mann, Mason, MoClemaud, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McLanahan, It. M. McLane, McMullen, Mc-
Queen, IVlcWillie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morns, Morse,
Moiton, Old*, °ir> Parker, Peaslee, phelps, Potter, Powell,
Rielnrdson, Robftins, Itobmpon, Root, Rose, Ross, Savage,
Sawtelle, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Spalding, Fredei-
ick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweet-
ser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—125.
So the House decided that the execution of the
order should not be indefinitely postponed.
[Cries: "Proceed with the election."]
Thereupon, the House adjourned.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
The following notices were given under the
rule, of intention to introduce bills, viz:
Mr. EWING gave, notice that he would a«k leave to in-
troduce, on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, "A lull
granting bounty lauds to the officers who served their coun-
try in the late war with Mexico."
