158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
Mr. KACJFMAN gave notice, that on to-morrow, or some
future day, he would introduce a bill, to be entitled "An
act to establish an additional District Court of the United
States m the eastern portion of the State of Texas."
Mr.BOWLlN gave notice, that on to-morrow, or as soon
. thereafter as he could obtain a hearing, he would ask leave
to introduce "A bill granting to the States of Missouri and
Arkansas certain swamp lands, for the purpose of reclaim-
ing them, and increasing the value of the public lands in the
vicinity thqgpof."  
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of a large numberof citizens
of Washington county, for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at Ozaukee, in Wisconsin. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of James
Capen, of Massachusetts, for a pension.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The petition of George
W. Billings, praying that the proper officer, on behalf of
the United States, be directed to conclude a contract with
him for the furnishing of Water-rotted hemp for the u^e of
the Navv, in accordance with his proposals made Julv 31st
and August 2d, 1849, under an advertisement of the Navy
Department.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The petition of Elizabeth Odell, a half-
breed woman of the Sioux nation, praying that h certain
sum of money due her under treaty of 1837, be paid her.
Also, the petition of Mary Woodbury^ a half-breed woman
of the Siom nation, praying that a certain sum of money
due under the tieaty ot 1837, be paid her.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut: The petition of Buck-
ingham Loekwood, and others, for indemnity |pr French
Spoliation*. Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. MFLLSON: The petition of John G. Wilkinson,
praying compensation for Jus services as Navy Pension
Agent.
Also, the petition of Robert Owens, asking the difference
of pay between that of a chief boatswain's mate and a
boatswain.
Also, tbe memorial of Ann P. Swift, A. Jeffery, and others,
asking indemnity for French Spoliations.
' By Mr. DISNEY: The petition of citizens of Cincinnati,
Ohio, for the erection m said city of buildings for the ac-
commodation of the officers of the Post Office, Treasury, and
Judicial Departments. *
Also, the petition of the Chamber of Commerce of Cincin-
nati, of similar import; and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Po=t Roads.
Also, the petition of John Johnson, of Cincinnati, for com-
pensation for his services as Indian agent, &.e. Referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of S. Keyser, of Cincinnati, praying for
arrears of pension. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
PenMons.
By Mr. WELLBORN: Tiie memorial and petition of the
heirs of William Hixt, for commutation pay for services
rendered by their father in the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. GOTT: The memorial of David Montgomery, for
an increase ot his pension.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Benjamin Daniels,
sen., Peter Spuik, James B. Turner, and 44otheis, citizens
of Pike county, Ohio, expressing the opinion that soldiers
of the war of 1812, and those of the several Indian war's
prior and since that period, are preeminently entitled to the
same measure of reward accorded to those who served in
the war with Mexico ; and praying Congress to grant to th* m
the same system of reward which was awarded to those who
served in the Mexican war.
Also, the petition of John P. Brown,the principal Drago-
man, (Interpreter Secretary for tire Turkish language,) of
the Legation of the United Slates of America at the Sub-
lime Porte; praying Congress to giant him the usual salaiy
and compensation given for the performance of the duties
of a diplomatic agent at Constantinople, in the absence of
any other, from August 1ft, 1845, to July l<t, 1846, a period
of eleven months; which duties, lie alleges he performed l>y
orders of the Piesidont ot the United States at that time.
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. DISNEY: The memorial of the heirs of John
Skyren, praying for indemnification on account of French
spoliations. Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens of Ohio, praying for
the abolition of the office of Chaplain. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciarv.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Clarke on the subject of
slavery in the Territories. Referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Also, the memorial of BoydReily, praying for compensa-
tion for the invention and use of vapor "baths. Referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of sundry citizens of Ohio, praying
for the passage of an act extending Hie jurisdiction of the
District Courts in ceitain cases to the navigable lakes and
navigable rivers in the United States. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Jeffer-
son W. Cook, praying the passage of a special act granting
him the bounty land and eUra pay due his deceased brother
Seaborn J. Cook, foi the benefit of the minor heirs of said
Seaborn J. Cook, of whom said Jefferson W. Cook is a guar-
dian. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. MORTON: The petition of the heirs of Apollos
Cooper, for such half pav, &c , as they are entitled to, m
consequence of their ancestor having been killed in the
battle of Brnndywine. Referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
By Mr. .YleLAXE,of Matyland: The memorial of certain
merchants, ship owners, and others, praying the passage of
a law limiting the Jiabihtv of ship owner#.
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, on Saturday Ia«t: The pe-
tition of Leonard Reynolds and others, that the Goverment
refrain hereafter from the employment of chaplains to Con-
gress, the army, and navy, and thus disconnect it«elf from
all connection with a national religion. Referred to th«
Committee on th« Judiciary.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
Rome, Oneida county, New York, for a suspension of dip-
lomats relations between the United Slates and Austria, on
account of Austrian oppression of Hungary. Referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, the petition of J. R. Johnson, of Cazenovia, Madi-
son county, New York, for the release of Drayton and
Sawyer from prison. Referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
ANo, the petition of Martin Hatch, of Cbateauguay.
Franklin county, New York, for arrearages as an invalid
pensioner. Referred to the Committee on'Invalid Pensions.
Also, a petition for establishing a post route from Somer-
ville, Lewi* county, New York, through Harrisburg and
Pinkney to Rodman, in Jefferson county, New York.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of John Van Horn and
others, citizens of the county of Niagara, New York, asking
Congress to grant an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at the mouth of Eighteen Mile Creek, in said
county. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motron by Mr. WALDEN, s.
Resolved, That the memorial and accompanying papers,
relating to the settlement of the account of Thomas Allen
i for printing the compendium of the sixth census, be taken
, from the Clerk's files, and referred to the Committee of
I Claims.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January li), 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, oi" Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of the executor of Cornelius Howland,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee.
Also, the memorial of William Rotch and others,
asking indemnity for French spoliations prior to
1800; which was referred to the select committee.
Mr. COR WIN presented a petition from citizens
of Cuyahoga falls, asking a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of Andrew A. Jones, asking
compensation fot* extra services in the New York
custom-house; which was referred to the Commit-
! tee of Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I present a
! petition from soldiers who served in the Florida
war, asking that they may receive the same bounty
land that was granted to soldiers of the Mexican
war. I trust the petition will receive a favorable
consideration from the Senate, and that the peti-
tioners will be put on the same footing with those
soldiers who served in the war with Mexico. I
move its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BORLAND. If the honorable Senator
will permit me to make a suggestion to him, -I will
inform him that similar memorials have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
: They are now undergoing investigation there,
and, as one report on the subject will answer all
the purposes desired, it is better that all the me-
morials of this character should go to that com-
mittee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I accept the Senator's sugges-
tion.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS also presented a petition from
George W. Billings, asking Congress to cause the
proper officers of the Navy Department to com-
plete a contract with him for water-rotted hemp,
according to advertisement and his bid; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. S. I am also requested to present the me-
morial of Captain Mansfield Lovell, of the artillery
service of the United States. The intention of the
memorial is to improve the condition of the light
artillery of the service of the United States, and it
is seconded also by a strong letter from Cqjonel
Bragg, of that service. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON presented the petition of Mrs.
Commodore De Kay, asking the payment of a bal-
ance that she alleges is due her late husband;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Samuel
McKenney and other trustees of the Methodist
Episcopal Church in Georgetown, District of Co-
lumbia, asking the passage of a law authorizing
them to sell and convey certain real estate, the
property of that church; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
merchants, ship-owners, masters, and others in-
terested in commerce, asking that the northeast
of the Mississippi river may be improved
anddeepened; which was referred to the Commit*
tee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of the heirs
of John Strykins, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to the
select committee.
Mj*. STURGEON presented the memorial of
Walter Colton, a chaplain in the navy, asking
compensation for services rendered while holding
the office of alcalde and other judicial appointments
in Monterey, during the military occupation of
California by the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of Albert
Fitz, asking cQmpensation for services as special
agent of the United States to the British West In-
dies in 1841; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD,
Ordered, That the petition of the American Colonization
Sociciv. on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Also, that Nancy Haggard, heiress of William Grymes,
have leave to withdiaw her petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill to pro-
vide for the adjustment and payment of expenses
incurred and obligations contracted by the State of
Florida, in providing for the safety of the people
of that State during the recent insurrection of the
Seminole Indians, reported the same without
amendment.
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
P. P. F. Degrand, asking a charter fer the pur-
pose of constructing a railroad, reported in favor
of printing the same; which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the report of the Sec-
retary of War in relation to the amount due the
Seminole Indians in the service of the United
States during the war with the Florida Indians, re-
ported against printing the same; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the peti-
tion of the heirs of John-Holden, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of thesame;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of the clerks
of the Adjutant General's Office, submitted an ad-
i verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
1 Also, from the same committee, to which was
( referred the petition of Jeremiah Downs, asking
l to be allowed a certain sum, made an adverse re-
] port on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
: Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
i tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
| bill to increase the efficiency of the army by a
, retired list for disabled officers, reported thesame
' with amendments; which were ordered to be
! printed.
; VACANCY ON THE COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
| Mr. NORRTS. By the expiration of the term of
I service of the Senatorfrom Maryland, [Mr. Stew-
i art,] there has occurred a vacancy in the Com-
1 mittec of Claims. I am unacquainted with the
practice of the Senate in regard to matters of this
kind, but I will, however, move that the vacancy
be now filled.
1 Mr. HAMLIN. I believe, if I recollect cor-
; rectly the practice of the Senate, that vacancies
have been filled in the various commiftees by nom-
ination. 1 move that Mr. Dodge, of Iowa, be
appointed to-fill the vacancy in this instance.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection to the
appointment of Mr. Dodge, but I suggest whether
the appointment should not be left to the Vice
President?
The suggestion was acquiesced in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, Mr. Dodor will he considered as appointed
to fill such vacancy.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BADGER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
notaries public to take and certify oaths and affirm-
ations and acknowledgments in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
