1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M5B
a comfortable subsistence; and suppose each of
these families could he given, as the honorable
gentlemen from Maryland and Ohio say,a quarter
section, or eighty acres of these lands, I ask these
gentleman tf they, or 1, or any of us, would*be any
poorer for it? Would our country be any poorer
for it? Aye, indeed, sir, who of us but would not
be richer, far richer, for this act of mercy, which
would be the stepping-stone, as it were, to an event-
ual and "thorough reformation of the ignorance
and misery witn which shuddering humanity is
now cursed all around us. And when I see the
pure and noble-hearted philanthropists of our
country, struggling in their vain efforts to reform
these abuses, and to raise up the down-trodden
and debased among us, by their efforts to dispel
ignorance by education, and relieve the misery
and wretchedness around them .by their daily acts
of charity, I bless my God that we have such
noble hearts among us; and while I admire and
reverence the noble spirit they are thus mani-
festing, I cannot but feel that the task or duty
in which they are engaged is a hopeless one,
and must ever continue so, until the cause of
these evils is removed; It is in vain for us to
ta!k of secular education, of religious instruc-
tion, or of those daily acts of charity which relieve
the momentary wants of humanity, so long as the
suffering mass aiound us are without any homes;
and by this word, sir, I mean something more than
a mere hovel or wretched tenement, which many of
them are now inhabiting, and which may per-
chance keep out sufficient of the cold wmtery
blast to prevent their freezing J Something more
than a crust of bread and a cup of water, merely
to keep the death-rattle from their little ones. I
mean a home wbich shaU be such in every sense
of the word—one that shall belong to the occupants
of it, and one where, amid the social comforts
and enjoyments of the family circle, the children
of the present, and who are to be the fathers and
mothers of the future generation, shall be taught
and schooled in those lessons of duty and patriot,
ism which shall fit them to take charge of the des-
tinies of this great and mighty Republic; and into
whose hands they are soon to be committed by
those of us who are passing from the stage of life.
Sir, we hear much said and boasted among us of
the strength and durability of our institutions, and
the courage and patriotism of the American peo-
ple. And I would not detract in the least from
the merit of those institutions, or the richly-earned
reputation of the American people for patiiotism
and love of country! No, sir; I would rather in-
crease the strength and perpetuity of those institu-
tions, by infusing into the minds of the people a
filial love and reverence for them, which shall bid
defiance to the combined assaults of despotism
throughout the world. And how can we do this
sir? Why, by giving to the houseless and home-
Jess, the poor and the friendless of our family—for,
after all, we are but one great family—giving to
these, I say, a home, where they can learn to love
and reverence the institutions which have thus
cared for and protected them, and where they ran
teach to their children the same lessons of duty
and patriotism. This, sir, will do it. This would
not only make us, as a people, more happy and
prosperous than we ever have been, but it wouid
also, as a nation, make us invulnerable against a
world of despots; for in that case, sir, every
hearthstone in our land would become a Ther-
mopylae, and at every threshold would be found a
Leonidas to protect and defend it. Sir, when I
shall see this Government engaged in a system of
legislation, which shall care for, and protect those
of its citizens who need its care and protection,
and who nave a right to demand it, then shall I
believe, and feel, that we are fulfilling our true
mission among the nations of the earth. Then
shall I believe "that the'tree of liberty is striking its
roots so firmly in the soil in which our fathers
planted it, and which is in the affections of the
people, that it shall bid defiance to the storms
which are now shaking the empires and kingdoms
of the Old World to their centre! The honorable
gentleman from Wisconsin, who so eloquently ad-
dressed this committee a few days since, said that
we were living at an important period in the his-
tory of our country. "We are, indeed, living at an
important period, not only in the history of our
country, but the world; we are living at a time
when nations around us are upheaved and con-
vulsed by the storms of internal dissensions and
bloody revolutions; at a time, sir, when the
" crashing of an empire is but a tick of the great
Clock of Eternityat a time, when the great heart
of humanity, throughout the world is heating a
lively response to the song of liberty and freedom j
first echoed and resounded on the plains eff Lex-
ington and the heights of Bunker Hill; and let us
be careful, sir, that the notes of complaint and
dissatisfaction arising from penury and want
among us, are not heard mingling their discordant
elements in that happy song which is becoming
the morning hymn and the evening anthem of
universal humanity. And I would appeal then,
sir, to the Representatives of this great people
now assembled here, if they would strengthen and
perpetuate the institutions of our country, and in-
crease the happiness and prosperity of the people,
that they so legislate upon this subject, tnat the
soil which is now held by Government, and is i
free from the blasting curse of the speculator and
monopolist, may ever continue so, and may be-
come the happy homes of the virtuous and patri-
otic sons of freedom. Give to the poor and friend-
less among us a home which will not impoverish
us, but which will make them rich indeed; and
although the benefits arising from it may not at
once he felt throughout our country—though
society may not immediately reap the rich harvest
of ieward which must ultimately be realized from
such an act of mercy, depend upon it, the seed
will thus be sown, from which, if we do not, our
children at least may reap the fiuits of a rich and
abundant harvest.
Mr. M. desired to say, in conclusion, that if he
could not get a more just and comprehensive act
passed, he would then support the bill granting
these bounty lands.
Mr. HARALSON obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made a report.
Mr. MASON obtained the floor; but yielded to
Mr. McCLERNAND, who gave notice of the
following-amendment to the bounty-land bill, which
he desired might be printed:
" That Hie benefit* and rights conferred hy the ninth sec-
tion of the act eniitltd 'An aci to raw, for ahmited time,
an additional military /mce, and for other purpoj-ei-,' ap-
proved February I I, Jc'47, be and the Ramu aie in reby
extended in manner a< inflows: tb.it t-, each non-< omm -
Moned officer, musician, m ptivate, who &eived m the regu-
lar army, or in any company or coimnnmi of volnntetV,
rangers, or militia in the Indian war, in the northwest, prior
to the treaty of Greenville, in 1794. or in the late war vviiii
Great Britain, twelve momlH or more, shall be entitled to a
bountv of lfiO acre< r ( land, or who served hx month* or
more tf() acres, or who set ved three month'* or mm c 40 acies:
Provided alwyt, That .<-aid non-commissioned officer, mu-
sicinn, or private, has not rec* iv< d a bounty of land hereto-
fore, and is not shown to have been dtshonoinhlv di.-ch ;
by the rolls. Pioiided also, That the bounti' s heiem ^uui.-d i
shall be subject to the s«arne rules ot de?.C'Jnt prescribed by !
the aforesaid act, and the act or acts amendtiiniy of the •
same: Prowled, farther, That 110 'trea-ury ?crip,'as au- j
thorizeri by said act of Fi bruaiy 11,1847, shall be author- 1
ized or l-sufd under tbi* act. " :
Mr. ALBERTSON also desired that his amend- i
Also, the remonstrance of John 8. Nevitte and 550 others
citizens of ft1c=sis«?pn , a^ain** the removal of the land-
office from Wa&hmgton, Mississippi, to Monticello, in' th«
same State.
ment might be printed
Objection was made.
TERMINATION OF THE DEBATE.
Mr. MASON offered a resolution terminating
debate on the bounty land bill to-morrow, atone
o'clock.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. BISSELL demanded the yeas and nays.
Pending the question thereon—
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c , were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. McQUEBN : The petition of citizen*5 of Marion
di-Miict, South Caiolnta, I01 a inail-route from Wilmington,
North Carolina, to Mam-bester, South Caiohna.
Also, a pttinon from ciuzens of same district, for a mail
route froin .Tettrie^' Cre< k, South Carolina, to Graham's
road, m the Williamson" district, South Carolina.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The memorial of the President
and Professors ot Dickinson College, in Cumberland county,
Pennsylvania, in behalf of the medical officers of the navy
of the United States, pra\mg (or an assimilated rank with
officers of the line in tlie navy.
By Mr. MEADE: The petition of William H. Harrison
and other<, again«t the reduction of postage.
By Mr. BROW;Y, of Mississippi: The memorial of Mrs. j
Ann de Neufvdle Evans, ot Natchez, Mississippi, piajmi? ^
remuneiatiou and compensation Air money advanced, and [
looses sustained, bv her ancestor, John d« N>uf\ 1 lie, of Am- i
stcrclam, Holland, in espousing the cause of American inde-
pendence.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June. 19,1850.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, early in the
session I had the honor to present to the Senate
the petition of P. F. Degrand, and more than a
thousand other citizens of New England, for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph from St. Louis, Missouri, to
San Francisco, m California. That memorial,
wit)i the documents accompanying it, was referred
to the Committee on Printing-, and the printing
was afterwards 01 dered; but ihe printing has not
yet been done. I now wish to move that the pe-
tition and accompanying documents be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals. I will only
say that the petitioners are not attached to any
particular route, and that they have no personal or
local interest in the grant of land, if it should be
made. Some of them have given the subject a
great deal of consideration; they believe in its
practicability and in its necessity, and they desire
some expression of the sentiments of Congress
upon the matter, and some assurance that it will
receive the countenance of the Government.
The memorial and documents were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have also a memorial from
citizens of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, asking an al-
teration of the tariff of 1846, ancT the imposition of
specific duties on lmpoi rs. They complain of the
effect, or rather of the eifects, of certain provisions
iri the tariff law of 1846, as being1 oppressive on
the labor and industrial pursuits of themsel ves and
of their neighbors, and they desire that it may be
revised, so that the mateiial prosperity of the coun-
try and the dignity of labor may be preserved and
perpetuated. This does not seem to be the mo-
ment for the consideration of such a subject,
though I perceive indications that the time must
come, and that it is not very far distant, when this
matter must-receive some degree of attention, and
that to some extent the tariff law will receive the
consideration of Congress.
The memorial was received and laid upon the
table.
Mr, CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Georgetown, in the Disnict of Columbia, asking a
reduction of the rates ct' postage;*which was re-
ferred to the Committee cri the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr, MASON presented a memorial of the phy-
sicians cf tUchmorid, in the State of Virginia,
asking that the iank of the medical officets of the
nas y may be assimilated by law to that of officers
of like grade m the medical staff of the aimy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a memorial of members of the Bar of
I Washington, in the District of Columbia, asking
j that the salary of the Judge of the Orphans' Court
! of the District of Columbia may be increased,
i which was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
j trict of Columbia.
IVIr. DOWNS presented the memorial of Anna
! De NeufviJie Evans, heir and legal representative
[ of " John De Neufviile & Son," asking the repay-
ment of advances made by her ancestors in the
Revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of Robert
Butler, containing additional evidence in relation
to his claim to compensation for property taken
for public use.
Mr, F. said that the Committee on the Public
Lands had made an adverse icport on this claim
on the 4fh of April last; and, as the present peti-
tion presented additional evidence, he would move
that the report be recommitted to the Committee on
the Public .Lands, with the memorial; which was
agreed to.
Mr. STURGEON presented additional docu-
ments relating to the memorial of the legatees of
ThomasD. Anderson, deceased; which, with their
memorial on the files of the Senate, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM,
OidercJ* That the petition of John H Kimball, adznfnfe-
' trator of Elizabeth Binglnttn, deceased, on the fifes of the
' Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions. " *
