1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1m
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution, which, under the rules, lies over one day :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the instruc-
tions given to the agent of the United States who was em-
ployed to vi=it Hungary during the recent war between that
country and Austria; and of the correspondence by and
with such agent, so far as the publication of the same may
be consistent with the public interest.
Mr. DOUGLAS also submitted the following,
which lies over one day under the rules:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to he laid before the Senate, in open ses-
sion, if, in his opinion, consistent with the public interest,
otherwise in Executive session, copies of all instructions
and communications of the late Secretary of State to our
late charge d'affaires at Guatemala, and ?ill dispatches and
communications from said charge d'affaires to the Depart-
ment of State, including any conventions or treaties he may
have concluded with either of the States comprising the late
Republic of Central America; and also all conospondence
between our said charge d'affanes and the Governments
or tepresentalives of either of said States; and also all com-
munications and instructions from the present Seeretarv of
State to our late charge d'affaires or our present cbareG
d'affaires to either of said States; and of all dispatches or
communications from our chargd d'affaires to the Depart-
ment of State, including any conventions or treaties he may
have concluded with either of said States; and also all cor-
respondence between the Depaitment of State and either of
said charge d'affaires touching the so-called kingdom of
the M.osquitoe , and the right of way from the Atlantic
through Lake Nicaragua.
On motion ofJVlr. PEARCE,
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to lay be-
fore the Senate a copy of the correspondence of our piesent
consul at Valparaiso.
VERMONT RESOLUTIONS ON SLAVERY.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the next
business in order to he the, question on printing
the resolutions of the General Assembly of the
State of Vermont on the subject of slavery, Mr.
Phelps being; entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENTON. I ask that the subject may He
over until one o'clock, for the purpose of giving
me an opportunity of introducing a bill.
Mr. PHELPS. If the Senator will permit me,
I will suggest to him that we pass informally over
this subject until to-morrow. My reason for ma-
king this suggestion is, that I discover from the
papers of this morning, not having been able to be
in my seat yesterday, that the Senate thoughtprop-
er yesterday to take up for consideration a meas-
ure of great public importance which I have urged
here, and it is with a view of disposing of that
measure—the subject of discussion yesterday—
th?t I now propose to pass over this subject to-
day.
Mr. BENTON. As the Senator pleases. I
leave it wholly to himself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no ob-
jection, the subject will be considered as having
been informally passed over.
• COMMITTEE ON FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the Senate has adopted
a resolution for the appointment of a select com-
mittee on the subject of French spoliations, in
order that some order may now be taken for the
appointment of that committee.
If I mistake not, one o'clock on Thursday was
assigned as the time for the appointment of the
committee, but that period having passed, I hardly
know what is the precise situation of the subject
under the rules of the Senate. For the purpose of
bringing it before the Senate, I will move that the
Senate now proceed to the appointment of the
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to be informed whether,
according to the rule of the Senate, the chairman
of the committee is to be appointed by a separate
ballot first?
The VICE PRESIDENT. I will read the rule
on the subject:
•♦In the appointment of the standing committees, the Sen-
ate will proceed by ballot severally to appoint the chairman
of <ach committer, and then, by one ballot, the^other mem-
bers necpf-sary to complete the same; and a majority of the
whole number of vote* given shall be necessary to the choice
of a chairman of a standing committee. All other commit-
tee* «haH be appointed hj ballot, and a plurality of votes
shall make a choice. When any subject or matter shall
have been referred to a committee, any other subject or
matter ot a biuiilar nature may, 011 motion, be n.fened to
such committee."
Under the rule, it will be seen that it merely
provides that all the members of the committee are
to be voted for at once, and that a plurality of votes
will elect.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to ask the Senator,
[Mr. Smith] whether "he proposes to have the
chairman of the committee designated by ballot.
Mr- SMITH. I know nothing of what is the
practice of the Senate in these matters. -
Mr. DICKINSON. I move, then, that the
chairman be designated by ballot.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to ballotaccordingly,and
Mr. Truman Smith was elected chairman, the
vote being for Mr. Smith 30; Mr. Dawson 15.
The other votes were scattering.
For the other members of the committee the
Senate next proceeded to ballot, and the following
gentleman were elected by the votes set opposite
to their names:
For Mr. Mangum 31
Mr. Bradbury 29
Mr. Hunter 29
Mr. Sturgeon 29
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. FOOTE. I have a favor to ask of the Sen-
ate, and it is one which, I trust, will be granted.
I am anxious that the resolution which I offered a
few days ago, relative to territorial governments
for California, Deseret, and New Mexico, should
be taken up this morning, for the purpose of being
made the special order of the day for one o'clock
on Friday next. The postponement of the reso-
lution which has taken place from time to time,
has been in order that matters deemed by some
gentlemen to be more important should have pre-
cedence. I may state in addition, what I believe
will have its effect with the courteous members of
this body, that whilst I do not design debating the
question myself—I have never intended to do so,
my general views in relation to it being well
known already—a distinguished friend of mine,
the honorable Senator from Michigan, who has
never had an opportunity heretofore of declaring
his views upon the question involved in this reso-
lution, is disposed to offer them at length when
the question shall be presented for consideration
on Friday next. I trust, under the circumstances,
that no obstacle will be thrown in the way, and
that my motion will prevail.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was taken up accordingly. It is as follows:
Resolved, That it is the duty of Congresc,at this ^es^ion,
to establish suitable territorial governments for California,
for Deseret, and for New Mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the reading of
the resolution asked for?
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose the reading may be
dispensed with. I now move that it be made the
special order of the day for one o'clock on Friday
next.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will not Monday do as well?
It occurs to me that Monday would be more con-
venient.
A Senator. There is a special order for
Monday.
Mr. FOOTE. Iunderstand thatthereisaspecial
order for Monday next, otherwise I should have
no objection to adopt the"Suggestion of the Senator
from Georgia. I will suggest to the Senator from
Georgia, however, that my impression is, that there
is not much probability of there being an extended
discussion upon the resolution, but we are all de-
sirous, I apprehend, of hearing my honorable friend
from Michigan.
Mr. BADGER. There is only one difficulty, I
will suggest, in making the resolution the special
order for Friday. If made the special order for
that^tiay, it will interfere with the established
usage of the Senate of ad journing over from Thurs-
day until Monday.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 think it ought to be made the
order of the day for the day I have named, for the
very reason stated by the Senator why it should
not. As we are in the habit of adjourning over, if
made the spccial order for Friday, and the Senate
sit on that day, m consequence of such order being
made, there is no danger that it will interfere with
any other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT was about to put the
question upon postponing the resolution and ma-
king it the special order for Friday.
Mr. CLAY. Monday is proposed. Let the
question be taken on the remotest day.
The question was then taken on making the res-
olution the special order for Monday, and it was
agreed to.
EXPENSE OP COLLECTING THE REVENTJE.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope now, sir, that the Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, viz: the joint resolu-
tion for suspendingforalimited time the limitation-
upon the expense of collecting the revenue.
The motion was agreed to-9 and the resolution
was taken up. *
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendment to offer
to the amendment of the Senator frojn New York,
and I will remark that it was submitted to the
Committee on Finanee, and that it met the appro-
val of the members of that committee. I offer it
as a substitute for the amendment of the" Senator
from New York, as follows:
"That, instead of the sum appropriated for the expenses
of collecting the revenue in the act of March 3d, 1849, a
sum equal to that expended in collecting the revenue of the
fiscal jear ending June 30th, 1848, exclusive of the expenses
for storage, carta«e, drajajje, and labor m that year, be and
the same hereby is appropriated for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30th, 1850, together with such sums in ad-
dition as may be received for cartage, drayage, labor, and
storage."
Mr. DICKINSON. This amendment is entirely
acceptable to me. It preserves the principle of
appropriation and still carries out what my amend-
ment intends. It is precisely the same thing in
other language. It means what I understood and
intended mine to mean, but my friends understood
it otherwise and consider this better. The one
now proposed renders the meaning certain and
unmistakable, and I have no objection to it. The
members of the Finance Committee, I believe,
agree to it also.
The question upon the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia, which was accepted
by Mr. Dickinson, was then put, and it was
agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Several Senators. Let it be read a third time
now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will ask of the
Finance Committee some furtherexplanation before
the question is taken upon the final passage of the
resolution, I will ask whether this is proposed as
the permanent policy—in other words, whether
the sum expended in 1848 is to be considered the
fixed quantity to which, in all time to come, is to
be added the variable quantity for storage,cartage,
labor and drayage?
Mr. DICKINSON. This is intended to be en-
tirely temporary in its character; and it is to be
hoped that the matter will be taken up at the ear-
liest possible period, investigated carefully, and
specific appropriations made. In that the Senator
shall have my active cooperation.
Mr. DAVIS. As I stated yesterday, I am dis-
posed to act with the Committee on Finance, and
looking upon this as a temporary measure, and as-
sum ing that we are to have another, as soon as the
policy can be carried out, I will give my assent to
The resolution was then read a third time and
Mr. DICKINSON moved to-amend the title of
the resolution so that it would read " Joint resolu-
tion to amend the act of 3d March, 1849."
Mr. PHELPS. I will suggest to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance that the
title he proposes is, in my view, inappropriate.
The resolution does not amend the art of March,
1849. It merely suspends the operation of this act
for a given period. The resolution as it stands at
more properly a resolution making an appropria-
tion for specific purposes, and I^suggest to the
honorable Senator so to amend the title as to indi-
cate its real character.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Senator
from New York whether this will not sufficiently
express it: " A bill limiting the expense of col-
lecting the revenue from customs for the present
fiscal year." , .
Mr. DICKINSON consented to adopt the title
proposed, and the question being taken it was
agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, called up the following
resolution, which he offered yesterday:
Resolved,-That the Secretary of the Senate be dnectcd to-
pay to the Kev. Henrv Sheer, for hi.* services at this and
the .special session of Congress, the usual annual compen-
sation paid to Chaplains.
Mr. DAWSON. Let us understand the reaolu*
