160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16.
tion. What amount is meant by the phrase " usual
annual compensation Is it intended that he
shall receive §500 for the extra session which was
held after the close of the last regular session, and
$500 also for this ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. No, sir; only $500 for
the two. It js, I understand, the usual practice to
allow §500 for a special session; and if you take
the number of days of that extra session and add
the time that has elapsed since the commencement
of this, it will amount to very nearly as much as a
short session of Congress. I trust there will be no
opposition to the adoption of the resolution. I
will, however, modify the resolution by inserting
the words " not exceeding $500."
Mr. YULEE. I must object to the adoption of
that resolution. I am willing to give the gentle-
man an adequate and proportionate compensation,
but it seems to me that the compensation named is
altogether beyonchwhat is proper; besides, it is
establishing a precedent. I am opposed to the res-
olution altogether, but I should be willing to make
a proportionate allowance, and move the insertion
of the words " proportionate amount" of the usual
annual compensation, and to strike out the words
" not exceeding$500."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hardly think the
honorable Senator from Florida is in earnest.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, I am perfectly in earnest;
as much so as I ever was in my life.
Mr. DODGE. The objection comes very badly
from the Senator from Florida, at this particular
time. I trust he will withdraw the amendment.
He cannot be in earnest. No one would think of
giving Mr. Slicer less than $500.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to avoid the consumption
of time, but t will state that 1 feel averse to the
resolution, because I do not think that these ser-
vices should be sought for and made a source of
profit. I am sorry that the application was made
at all. It has been customary for the chaplains of
Congress to perform the duties until their succes-
sors were appointed, without additional compen-
sation. if we make this allowance, we shall have
to make the same allowance every year.
Mr. DODGE. Not at all. There can hardly
occur an analogous case.
^ Mr. YULEE. I am willing to make a propor-
tionate allowance, but not to grant the sum named
in the resolution. I will therefore move that it be
laid upon the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. There has hardly ever
been a special session of so long continuance as the
last. The number of days in which Mr. Slicer has
actually performed duty in this or the other House
amounts to neaily the time of a short session of
Congress. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope the Senator from Flor-
ida will not press the motion to lay the resolution
on the table. Let us meet it by a direct vote.
Mr. YULEE. Very well, sir, I will withdraw
it.
Mr. BERRIEN. The gentleman who has been
performing the duties of chaplain has attended
during; the extra session of the Senate, and he has
been here more than a month this session, in con-
sequence of our delay in proceeding to an election.
Does it become the Senate of the United States,
now having terminated its connection with the
gentleman, to dispute as to the amount of com-
pensation, whether it shall be $500 or $250? I
cannot agree with the Senator from Florida that
these services should not be the subject of com-
pensation. They have always been considered
heretofore a just and proper subject for compensa-
tion; besides, the gentlemen who are thus engaged
have not at all times the means of accumulation (
that other persons have. I think the amount pro- [
posed is perfectly appropriate in relation to this j
case; and I hope the resolution will be permitted |
to pass. j
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the question !
to be on the amendment proposed by the gentle- '
man from Florida to substitute the words " pro-
portionate amount.''
Mr. YULEE. I wish it to be understood that
I do not object to a just compensation for the ser-
vices rendered by the chaplain of the Senate. That
compensation has been fixed at $500 for. each ses- !
sion, I believe. This is an application which seeks !
an extra profit, and one which I understand has I
no precedent. Other chaplains have always ren- I
aered services at extra sessions succeeding the I,
inauguration of a new President, and I understand
that it is unprecedented to make a charge Tor such'
services. I object to it, and I regret that the ap-
plication has been made; but I am willing, as it
has been made, to consent to a proportionate allow-
ance—an amount proportionate to the usual an-
nual allowance. That is my motion.
Mr. BADGER. I hope I may be permitted to
make aa appeal to the Senator from Florida to
withdraw the amendment. With my friend from
Georgia [Mr, Berrien] I think it hardly becomes
us to be engaged in a dispute whether we shall
give Mr. Sheer $250 or $£500. That gentleman
has attended regularly during the extra session,
and during six weeks of this, and there is an evi-
dent propriety in treating the reverend gentleman
with liberality, and in doing it promptly and with-
out question; and I should hope that it would be
done without any serious ditference of opinion.
The Senator from Florida will find the proportion-
ate rule difficult to be followed. Our chaplain re-
ceives $500 per session, whether it be of three
months or of eight or nine months' duration, and
it would therefore be impossible in practice to ap-
ply the proportionate rule; and I should hope
that, after all, the Senator will consent to with-
draw his motion, to let us adopt the lesolution
submitted by the gentleman from Iowa, and mod-
ified as it now is.
Mr. MANGUM. I do hope, sir, that we shall
not make so much ado about this very small mat-
ter. Why, sir, the extra session of the Senate was
a session in itself. I believe that almost every
member of this body was paid for his attendance
at that session as for a regular session. Why not
apply the same rule to our officers that we apply
to ourselves? This gentleman has received a pretty
hard measure of justice at our hands, and 1 hope
he will be permitted to receive the customary al-
lowance. I shall vote for this, as I shall for any
claim of a similar kind.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to say, sir, that
in point of time the attendance of Mr. Sheer lacks
but about fifteen days of the regular duration of a
short session. I wish also to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that their chaplains * have
sometimes received extra compensation for their
services. I withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was rejected.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think we had
better give Mr Slicer compensation for his services
at the Executive session as for one whole session,
inasmuch as the compensation does not depend on
the length of the session.
Mr. MANGUM. Oh, it will amount to the
same thing.
The resolution was then adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay tlic Ilcv. H«niy Sheer, tor his services at tin? and the
special session of Congress, the usual animal compensa-
tion paid to chaplains, nut exceeding the sum ot' $500.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
On motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by him on the 24th December last:
Resolved, That the President bo requested to cause to bp
laid before the Senate alfcharges which have been preferred
or filed m any of the Departments against individuals who
have besn removed front oihce since the 4th day of March
last, with a specification of the cases, it any, in which the
officers charged have had opportunity to be heard, and a
statement of the number of removals made under eacrii De-
partment.
Mr. BRADBURY modified his resolution by
adding the following;
« Including mihotrtinates in the custom-houses and other
branches of the public service.'5
Mr. MANGUM. As I regard this resolution in
its principle as a total departure from the former |<
practice of the Government, and as, in my judg- j!
ment, across invasion of the constitutional author- |j
ity and rights of the Executive Chief Magistrate, I 1'
move, sir, as a test vote, that the resolution lie upon j|
the table; and upon that motion I ask for the yeas jj
and nays. i;
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President  Jj
Several Senators. The question is not de-
batable.
The yeas and nays being taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Clarke,
Clemens, Cooper, Corwin, Davis ot Massachusetts, Daw-
son, Dayton, Greene, Mangura, Miller, Morton, Phelps,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and
Webster—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Butler, Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of
Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Downs, Feloh, Ham-
Jin, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mason,* Norris, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Soute, Sturgeon, Turaey, Walker, Whit-
comb, and Yulee—29.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
Mr. BRADBURY then addressed the Senate at
length in support of his resolution. His remarks
will be published hereafter.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and in a few minutes the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 16, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXPENSES OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution limit-
ing the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs for the present fiscal year.
Mr. BAYLY rose and said that he asked the
unanimous conscnt of the House t|fat this joint res-
olution might be put upon its first and second read-
ing now, and be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, it was important that the res-
olution should be acted upon at once.
[Cries of "Leave—leave."]
No objection was made.
The resolution was then read by its title a first
and second time, and, on motion of Mr. BAYLY,
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BAYLY said he would also ask that, by
unanimous conscnt, the estimates might also be
referred, as their reference was necessary to enable
the committee to act.
No objection having been made, the said esti-
mates were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. DUNHAM rose and said : Prise, Mr.
Speaker, to make a personal explanation. I see
by the morning's paper that I am reported as hav-
ing alone voted, on the final vote for Sergeant-at-
qjrms, f°r Mr. Dow. The election of Mr. Gloss-
brenner was, as I am informed, produced by sev-
eral gentlemen changing their votes. 1 had given
my vote and stepped out of the Hall on some im-
portant business, and did not return in time to
change mine. Had I been present, it is but due
to myself to say, I should have done so, and have
voted with my friends.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD asked permission to in-,
troduce a resolution to takejrom the files the pe-
tition and papers of John O'Neal.
Objection was made, and the resolution was
not intioduced.
Mr. CROWELL asked permission to introduce
a resolution to take from the files the petition and
papers of James Fletcher, with the view of laying
them before the proper department.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD objected, inasmuch a3 he
was not permitted to introduce a similar resolution.
Mr. T. L. HARRIS remarked that he found in
a daily paper of this morning that his vote was
not recorded upon the last vote for Sergeant-at-
arms. He did vote, and for Mr. Glossbienner, of
Pennsylvania.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files, for the purpose of refer-
ring them to the appropriate committees, the peti-
tions and papers of Francis Yoast, John P.Rogers,
and William B. Edward.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition and
papers of Susan C. Randall; and the same were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, leave was
also granted to withdraw from the files the petition
and papers of S. B. Elliott; and the same were re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THIRD AUDITOR'S OFFICE.
Mr. HARALSON rose, he said, to ask leave of
the House to introduce a resolution which, he
thought, would strike the House as important to
be acted upon. If any objection should be made
to the resolution, he would give it a direction
