1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
12 55
ment of the Territory of Wisconsin. A great deal
of dissatisfaction was consequently produced. A
large portion of our population were composed of
Dutch. They had to sustain a government in.
which they had no voice, and they complained j
very much of not being allowed to vote, although
they had to pay taxes. Our Legislature finally-
passed an act allowing aliens who had declared
their intentions to become citizens, the right to
vote. The first election after this was an election
for delegates to form a constitution. This pro-
vision was then inserted in the constitution of
"Wisconsin. It has had, I believe, a very salutary
effect. 1 never knew or heard of any evil result-
ing from it. I do not believe any evil would result
in this case. I have offered this amendment with
no desire to discuss it, but simply to get a vote of j
the Senate upon it. I believe that I am but fairly
representing the wishes and feelings of my constit-
uents in offering and voting for this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I am sorry that the chairman
of the Committee on Territories [Mr. Douglas]
is not now in bis place. I recollect distinctly that
the provision referred to by the Senator from Wis-
consin was the subject of conversation in that
committee. I do not think we ought to extend the
right of suffrage and eligibility to office in these
Territories beyond the citizens of the United States
and those made such by the treaty with Mexico.
I "shall, therefore, vote against any such extension
aft the right as that contemplated by the amend-
ment, I think our laws are uncommonly liberal
to foreigners. There are certain rights which I
have no doubt the territorial legislatures will grant
these persons; for instance, the right of holding
property in land and various other rights. But
the rights of suffrage and of eligibility to office
ought not to be extended in these Territories be
yond the terms of the treaty, or beyond the terms
of the original bill. This matter, as I before re-
marked, was the subject of conversation in the
committee, and it was thought best to leave the
provision as it now stands.
The question then being taken on the amend- ,
ment of Mr. Walker, it was not agreed to. j
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I have an- !
other amendment to offer, of which I spoke some
time since, which does not at all affect the general
provisions of the bill. It is to strike out of the tenth
"section the words, u Nor shall the lands or other
property of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents."
{ presume that no person who has lived in the
western country, or in any of the Territories, has
failed to observe that it is a great embarrassment
to the Territories, as soon as they began to pros-
per and offer inducements to settlers, that the land
is bought up in patches and quantities-—the best
land being bought by non-residents for purposes of
speculation. These non-residents get the benefit
of the labor of the residents who improve the land.
The residents improve the land and increase its
value. Thus the value of the land of the non-
resident is increased. Th§ Territories have had
no remedy by which to force these non-residents
to contribute their proportion for this. The op-
eration of the provision which I now propose to
strike out has always been to make residents really
pay a great deal more than non-residents. That
has been the practical operation of it, for the resi-
dent is taxed on his labor, while the non-resident
has the value of his lands increased by the labor
of the resident. The non-resident has the benefit
of this, without contributing a share of the bur-
den.
I have not offered this amendment for the pur-
pose of entering into any discussion on it. I of-
fered this same amendment to the Oregon bill
when it was under consideration. The Senate
did- not then adopt it. 1 now offer the amendment,
that we may have a vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. CLAY, i think the amendment, if adopt-
ed, would be in violation of the uniform principle
and practice of the Government. As far as I re-
collect, the Government has never made any dis-
crimination, in the imposition of taxes, between
• the lands of residents and of non-residents. It is
very true, as stated by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, that there is some inconvenience, some hard-
ships, on the part of the residents. But he ought
to recollect, that if the resident citizens bear the
.principal part of the burden of government, they
derive also the principal benefit of that govern-
ment in the protection which it affords. The non-
resident only derives incidental advantages from
the government there.
There is one sort of taxation to which the non-
resident is subject, and for which he receives no
benefit whatever. It is what is called the " road-
tax." This is a tax which the non-resident has
o pay, but from which he derives no benefit.
The benefit is derived by those who travel over
the road, it is a great inconvenience, to be sure,
that a large quantity of land should remain unculti-
vated in the.hands of persons residing abroad. If
we were to sanction this principle, however, it
might finally turn out that non-residents would
have to bear the burden of taxation altogether.
The advantages which the non-resident derives
are altogether incidental and indirect, and I think
he ought not to be taxed for these more than the
resident is for his direct and positive advantages.
Upon the whole, therefore, without trespassing on
the time of the Senate, 1 think that we had better
adhere to the uniform practice of the Government
on the subject.
The question then being taken on the amend-
ment, it was not agreed to.
Other amendments were offered and discussed
until half-past three o'clock; of which a report will
be found in the Appendix.
Several Senators submitted amendments, which
they will hereafter offer, that they might be print-
ed, which was ordered.
The Senate then proceeded to Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 20, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
the speaker's table.
Mr. LEFFLER asked the unanimous consent
to have such Senate bills, lying on the Speaker's
table, as would not give rise to debate, laid befoie
the House.
Mr. JONES objected. He said he had no
objection to taking up all the business on the
Speaker's table, but he objected to considering it
under this condition.
close of debate.
The SPEAKER announced the first business
in order to be the motion made last evening by
j Mr. Jones, to lay on the table the resolution of
Mr. Mason to close debate on the bounty land
bill " to-morrow at one o'clock."
Mr. MASON said, he had understood from some
gentlemen who were in favor of laying the resolu-
tion on the table, that they were willing to close
debate to-morrow; and, as the resolution read
" to-morrow," he hoped the gentleman from Ten-
nessee would withdraw the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. DANIEL said, he would move to amend
the resolution by inserting Saturday.
The SPEAKER statedj that no amendment was
irt order pending the motion to lay on the table.
The resolution, as it now stood, provided for the
close of debate to-morrow. The gentleman from
Kentucky could modify it, if he saw fit, by in-
serting Saturday, but an amendment was not now
in order.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion, he said, for
the present, to see in what form the House would
place the resolution.
The'question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. MASON said, he was perfectly willing to
take to-morrow or Saturday; he would let the
resolution stand fixing to morrow, and if any
' gentleman saw fit, he could move to insert
Saturday.
Mr. ALBERTSON moved as an amendment to
insert Saturday.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to amend the
amendment by inserting to-day.
The SPEAKER stated, that the question was
first on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JONES inquired if the question would not
first be on the longest time?
The SPEAKER stated, that, in the opinion of
the Chair, the rule to which the gentleman referred
did not apply in this case, but the question was
first on the amendment to th,e amendment.
The question was taken on the motion to insert
to-day; and
The SPEAKER announced—ayes 57  noes 53?
no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
ye«s 95, nays 79; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Baker,
Bingham, Booth, Brigjt*, William J. Brown, Bue), Burrows,
Thomas B. Butler, E. Oarrington Cabell, Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Carfter, Casey, Williamson W. Cohb, Corwiu,
Dimmiek, Doty, Dunham, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gid-
dimrs, Goodenovv, Gott, Gould, Green, Grfnnetl, H H, Hal-
loway, Haralson, Hailan, Hay. Hibbard, Ho3gland3 Houston,
Howe, Hunter, Wiiiiam T. Jackson, Julian, Daniel P. Kio^
GeoigeG. King, Prcs-ton King, La S'erv, Lpffter, LittlefieM,
Ho are Mann, Marshall, Mason, McCIernand. McDonald,
McG.uighev, Meaoliam, Morehead, Morris Morse, N^s,
Newell, Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Ridley, KohinsoiuUockwell. Root, "Ramsey,Sackett, School-
craft," Silvester, Spaulding, Spiagup, Richard H. Stanton,
'harldeu-* Stevens, Stetson, Tajlor, James Thompson,
William Thompson,Tuck, Underbill, Van Dvkf5, Walden,
Waldo, Wrntworih, White, Whiulfecy, Williams, Wilmot,
Wmthrop, Wood,and Woodward—95-
NAYiS— Mes-rs. Albertson, Alston, Ashe, Asbrmm. Bayly,
Bealo, Bissell, B^kee, Bowie, Bovilin, Bipol-s .AUet G.
Brown, Burt,Chester Butler, George A. Caldwell, Cuandler,
Chnirman, Cole, Conger, Crowell, Daniel, Deberrv, Dixon,
Ewmg, Featherston, Fuller, Gorman, Hamilton, Hampton,
Thomas b. Harii*, Hebard, Henry, Hilliard, Ilolladay,
Howard, Hubbard, Inse, Joseph W. Jackson, James L.
Johnson, Jones, James G. Kins. John A. King, Job Mann,
Mntteson, McDowell, McLanahan, Finis E- McLean, Mc-
Queen, Mc Willie, Million, Moore, Morton, Olds, Orr, Otis,
Outlaw, Parker, Peck, Potter, Richardson, Robbins, Roas,
Sawtelle, Schermerhorn, Seddon, Sbepperd* Frederick P.
Stanton, AlexanderH Stephens, Strong, Sweetser,Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Venable, Vinton, Wallace, Watkins,
Wellborn, Wildrick, and Young—79.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SAVAGE, who was in the post office at
the moment his name was called, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to record his vote.
Objection was made.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the -
amendment as amended.
Mr. VENABLE asked that the amendment
mi°:ht be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The original resolution offered by the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] proposed
to close the debate on the bounty land bill to-
morrow, at one o'clock. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. AtBERTs'oN] moved to strike out
" to-morrow1' and insert " Saturday." The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Preston King]
moved to amend the amendment by striking out
"Saturday" and inserting "this day." Tb?
amendment to the amendment has been agreed to;
and the question now recurs on agreeing to the
amendment as amended. In other words, on in-
serting in the resolution " this day."
Mr. VENABLE, (to the Speaker.) Has the
previous question been called ?
The SPEAKER. 11 has not.
Mr. VENABLE. Then I desire to say a word.
Several - Voices: The resolution is not deba-
table.
The SPEAKER stated that debate was not 10
order on the resolution.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, (to the Speaker.) Will
the Chair oblige me by stating what the question
will be if the amendment to the amendment is
rejected ?
The SPEAKER. If the amendment to the
amendment is rejected, the question will recur on
the adoption of the original resolution offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,]
which proposes to close the debate to-morrow a.t
one o'clock.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the yeas
and nays on agreeing to the amendment as amend-
ed •
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 99, nays 83; as follow:
YEAS Me-scrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrew?, Bingr-
ham, uooth, Bojd, Brigss, Albert G. Brown, William J.
Brown, Bin'l. Burrows, (JlieMrr Bullrr, TliOlimr- B. Butler,
E c Cabell, Joseph Cable, Calvin. Cartter, Casey,
Chand'er, Clarke. Williamson R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Claw-
ell, Dickev, Dimnnck, Doty, Dunham, Fitch, Fowler, Freed-
ipv. Giddmgs, Goodouoxv, Gott, Gould, gcccm. GrmneJi,
Hall, Hallnwav, HarnUon, Harlan, Thomas L. Ham*, Hay,
Hibhard. Hoagland, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William J.
Jackson. Julian, Daniel P. liine, Geoige G. King, Preston
Kins, La Sere, U'ffler, Liui-field, Marshall, McCIernand,
McDonald, MeGam'hev, Morn's,Nes, Newell,Ogle, Peas ee,
Phelps, Phcemx, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Kisley,
Robinson, Rockwell, Boot,Biim ey, Saekett, gehermerttorn,
Schoolcraft. Silvester, Spauldirig. Sprague, Richard n-■ tai -
ton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stefcon, Taylor, William in™'p-
son, Tuck, Underhill, Van Dyke, WaMen, Wlrfto,, VVenl-
worth, White, Whittlesey, Williams, Wilmot, Wlnturop,
Wood, and Young—®.
