THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
NAYS— Alberteon, Allen, AHon, A-Jie, Ash-
mnn, AvVreu, Baker, Bivly, Beale, Bks* !l, Bofeee, Bowie,
B 'WJm, Brooks, R«ki. G^n-ge A. Caldwell, Chn^man, Cole,
(Tou<^r, romad. Daniel, Oeherrv, Dimm**, Dixon, Nathan
E^aiM, Ewtug, Feather^ton, Fuller, Oortunii, H-unihop,
Hampton. Hebaid, Henry, Hdhard, IIoil• day, Howard,
Huhi) ird, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, J.is. [
L. Johnson," Jones, John A. Kins, Job Maun. Matie^on, i
M< Dowell, McKi^soek, Finjp E. MeL'-an, MeQtieen, Mdler, j
MilUon, Moore, Moreliead, Mor^e, Morton, Old-*, Orr, Otis
Outlaw, Parker, Peek, Potter. Richardson, Rohhin«, Ro>s,
Savage, Sawt«1le, Seddoo, Shepp^rd, Alexand« r lb Ste-
phen^, Strong, Sweeisrr. Thomas Jacob Thompson. James
Thompson, Taomlw, Venahle, Vimon, Wallace, Walking,
Wellborn, Wildnck, and Woodward—b3.
*So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of the
resolution as thus amended; and, having been
taken, was decided in the affirmative.
So tjje resolution, as amended, was adopted.
And the House determined that all debate on the
bounty land bill should terminate this day at one'
o'clock.
bounty land bill.
Mr. COBB,of Alabama, moved that the House fj
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the ^
state of the Union. !'
The question having been taken and decided in !j
the affirmative— i!
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rich-
ardso.y in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the special older of the day, being the hill
"providing for the soldiers of the war of 18I2,
3813-, J814, and 1815, with Great Britain; the In-
dian wars of 1811; the Florida (Seminolean) war
of 1835 1836, • and the war Known as General
"Wayne's, of 17^2 to 1795, that have not hereto-
fore been provided for."
Mr. HARALSON was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HILL1ARD requested the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr Haralson] to yield the floor for a
moment, to allow him (Mr. Hilliard) to offer an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair would re-
mind the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hil-
liard] that no amendment was now in order.
Mr. HILLIARD said, he merely desired to
give notice that he would offer the amendment at |
the proper time; and he a&ked that it might be read j
for information. j
The amendment was accordingly read for in- j
formation, and is in the following words: ;
ProvuM, That the persons to whom the said lands am '
heieby granted, shall actually occupy and cultivate the said f
lands for the space of u twelve months." " j
Mr. HARALSON, who was entitled to the I
floor, then rose and addressed the committee to the !i
following efleet:
Mr. Chairman: I beg leave, at the outset of my
remarks, to give notice to those gentlemen who
are desirous to obtain the floor, th t it is not my
intention to occupy the full time which the rule of :
the House allows me. The only purpose I have
in view is, to answer some of the objections which
have been made by various gentlemen to the pas-
sage of a bill. I do not say ihis very bill, or this
bill as it may be modified by the amendments
which have been proposed to it, but to the passage
of any bill which may be proposed to be passed
by Congress granting portions of the public Iand<
to she soldiers who have rendered services to their
'country in the several wars in which we have been
engaged. 1 have never, 1 confess, been able to
understand the peculiar process by -which those
who have made these objections have come to the
conclusion, that some one portion ofthese patriotic
soldiers who have done services to the country are
entitled to grants of the public lands, while other
pnrrions, who had rendered an equal amount of
services,a e not entitled, ft is not my design to
eo into an investigation of the history of the
legislation of Congress on this subject, or into the
reasons which have heretofore operated on Con-
gress to sanction this system of granting bounty
lands to our soldieis. By some, it was originally
viewed in the light in which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sackett] and other gentlemen
have viewed it, as a contract; while by others it
has been regarded as not a mere fulfillment of a
contract, but as a gratuity, after the performance
of valuable services; and a gratuity in the fullest
sense of the word it is. Such was the case in
reference to the grants to the soldiers who were
engaged in the war with Mexico. These bounties
were not granted to them until long after the com-
mencement of the war. Some hard battles had
beefi fought btfore Congress gave the soldiers of
rhat war anything. The first bounty land bill, after
the commencement of the war, was not passed
untif thell'h February, 1847, nearly twelve months
after the commencement of the war, and after
much of the service had been rendered. In re-
lation to that war, therefore, these bounty lands
were entirely gratuitous, and the services were not
regarded in the light of a contract. I wish, sfr, to
a«k the committee if they are disposed to make a
distinction between those soldiers who fought in
the wars with Mexico and those who fought in the
wars with Great Britain, and under Gen. Wayne,
on the northwestern frontier, and in the Seminole
and other Indian wars, many of whom are now
stricken in years and suffering from poverty? Is
it intended to place these on a different footing
from those who fought in Mexico, or will you ex-
tend to them the same bounties which you have
given toother soldiers in other wars? Whether
our patriotic citizens turned out to contend against
Great Britain in 1812, 1813, 1814, and 1815, or
with General Wayne, in 1792, to repel the Indians
on our northwestern frontier, or in the Seminole and
Creek wars in the South, or in the war with Mex-
ico, they tire all alike entitled to the gratitude and
the reward of their country; and I hope, sir, that
the bounty of Congress will be extended equally
to all; and that we shall not, to use a trite ex-
pression, u mske fle^h of one and fish of another."
But, Mr. Chairman, it has been objected to the
passage of this bill, that under the act of 28th of
January, 1847, we have outstanding obligations to
the holders of the loan negotiated in that year,
having granted a hen on those lands to the public
creditors of the United States, and that by this
lien we are barred frpm granting these bounty
lands to the soldiers who have setved in our wars.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] tells us j
that these public landsarcall pledged to the bond- I
holders of the United States, and we have no right j
thus to dispose of them. Now, sir, the views
which \ take of the character of this act of Jan-
uary, 1847, and the obligations it imposes on us,
are very different from those given by the gentle-
man from Ohio. But even looking at that net in
the view which he takes of it, the act of 1847 goes
no further in its provisions than to pledge those
public lands which were the property of the
United States at the time when that pledge or mort-
gage was given; nor can such pledge or mortgage
be hindipg on any other portion of the public do-
main. The act can only bind such of the lands as
were in the possession of the United States at the
time of its passage. In order that 1 may not put
others in error, and that I may commit no error
myself. I will read the section of the act of Jan-
Uiry, 1847, on which those gentlemen who have
made this objection rely to sustain it. The 19th
section of the act of 28th of January, 1847, is as
follows:
"That for the payment of the stock which mav be created
under the p-ovwiOn« of thi< art, the sale-of the public lands
are herein pledged, and it is herein- marie the duty of the
Seereturv of the Tiea«urv to use arid appiv all the moneys
whieh may ho received into the Trea*urv for the sale* of
the public ?nnd«, aftei the first day of January eighteen
hundred and foirv-eijrht—first, to pav the interest on all
*t'H k«. i^ued by vir'uc of this aft; and secondly, to n«e the
h ihusre of «md lenetpu, after pavins the interest aforesaid^
m the piirc>M«p of ®aid sloe k- at their market value, pro-
vided no more than pai shall he paid for said .-tock«."
Now, sir, what lands are the*e which have
been thus pledged by the act of January 28,
1847? It will not be contended that the act con-
templated the pledging of the faith of Congress
further than in reference to the lands whirh "were
at that time in the possession of the United States.
I am prepared, sir, to show what was the amount
of land we had unappropriated at that time. Since
the passage of the act of 1847, we have acquired
from Mexico a large extent of country. In order
that the subject may be better understood by the
committee, perhaps it may not be amiss here to
state what was the amount of the public lands
then belonging to the United States. The aggre-
gate quantity of the public lands belong-in? to the
United States at that time, was 283.715,713 acres
which excludes what lies in the Territory of Ore-
gon, and all that we have acquired from Mexico.
The very broadest construction, therefore, which
could he given to this act of 1847 in favor of the
public creditors, can only extend this lien over
those lands then belonging to the United States.
And are these all the lands which belong to the
United States ? We have since granted bounty
lands to about one hundred "thousand soldiers who
were engaged in the war with Mexico; the, result
of which war has been the acquisition of territory
to an extent not then known. In California and
New Mexico we have acquired according to the
statement in the Land Office, 526,017 square miles,
making 336,689,920 acres, west of the Rio
Grande, including no part of the. land which some
gentlemen think belongs to New Mexico, and
which, if they are right in their judgment, is to be
added to the above amount. And there is now
j belonging to the United States, the territory in
Oretron, computed at 341,463 square miles, or
218,530,320 acres. And these were not included in
the public domain of the United States at the time
when the act of 28'h January, 1847, was passed.
The whole of the puMic lands now, may be esti-
mated at 83^ 941,953 acres.
While on this part of the subject, Mr. Chair-
man, it may be worthy of "remark, that the fcet of
1847, containing this pledge r f the public lands ror
the purpose of inducing capitalists to become bid-
ders for the loan, so far from increasing the eager-
ness of bidders, did not in any perceptible degree
affect the sales of the stock. Nor did it prevent
Congress frfom disposingof the public lands, even
at the time when the act of January, 1847, w as
passed. Early in the month of February, Con-
gress passed the bounty land bill, for the benefj^
of the 100,000 soldiers serving in the Mexican
war. What was the effect of this? act of Congress ?
Did it throw any impediment in the way of the ne-
gotiations for the loan? When the bonds came
into market were they reduced in value in conse~
ouence5of this grant to the Mexican soldiers?*
They were all taken at a premium of from two to
th^ee per cent., large quantities being taken at 102
to J03. If 1 am wrong as to this fact, I hope I
shall be corrected. They were sold, therefore,
with all this lien on the public lands, lessened by
the grant of bounty l«nds, for more, than their par
value, in the city of Washington. How, then, can
it be alleged that the grflnting these bounties can
affect the confidence of the bondholders in the se-
| curity given by the act of 1847? Ooe hundred
' thousand patents for bounty lands have been is-
sued under the act of 1847, and we have seen the
price of the United States stocks advancing from .
102 and 103 to 119. After this statement of facts,
sir, can any gentleman be serious in advancing the
argument that the stocks of the United States
have been injuriously'affected by the granting of
bounty lands to our soldiers? I think not. I do
not know where our stocks will stop in their on-
ward advance—when they will reach their highest
point of value. On this point I am not so well
prepared to speak as either my friend from South
Carolina or my fiiend from Maryland. I am not
so familiar with the subject of stocks as they seem
to be. But I know that the lien, which they al-
lege to be an obstacle to our granting these bounty
lands, has not lessened the value of the loan, and
that it never will, in my opinion; and for this rea-
son—that the public creditors do not look for their
security to the public lands; but they look to the
other resources of the United States, which they
consider as amply sufficient to guaranty the pay-
ment of all her debts, not perhaps within twelve
months, but in five or ten years. Some of the
stocks now in market are not redeemable until
I860, perhaps at a still later period. But that they
will he paid no one doubts.
I wish now to say a word or two to my friend
from Ohio, who insinuated that the friends of this
bill ought to be careful lest they create, by this
policy of granting away bounty lands, the neces-
sity for a revision and increase of the tariff of 1846..
Now, in reply to this I have to say, if the passage
of the bill would he attended with any such con-
sequence, I apprehend I should be doing that gen-
tleman no injustice in saying I should expect to
find him one of its warmest advocates. If we
leave the taiiff of 1846 alone to its operation,
there need be no cause for alarm. What with
the rapid increase of our trade, and the revenue
which is annually accruing from the act of 1846,
as it now stands, if the finances of the country are
administered with a proper degree of economy,
the Government will be able, when its bonds be-
come due, to pay them all off in good faith. 1 hope
this will be the case, and I have no doubt of it.
There is, indeed, one means by which this pros-
