162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Horner—Messrs. Briags, Brooks, Chester Butler,
T. B. Butler, Calvin, Casey, Clark, Conger, Conrad, De-
berry, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow,
Gott, GrinneH, HaHoway, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Houston,
Kerr, D. P. King, G. G. King, J. G. ICinsr, Horace Mann,
Matteson, Meacham, Morehead, Nelson, Newell, Phoenix,
Putnam, Reed, Risiey, Rockwell, Schermerhorn, Sprague,
Stanly, A. B. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Tuck,
Underbill, Whrte, and Winthrop.
For Mr. Flood—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Beale,"
Bis«ell, Bocock, Booth, Boyd, Burt,G. A. Caldwell, Howell
Cobb. Edmundson, Ewing, GSilmore, Green, I. G. Harris,T.
L. Harris, Hibbard, Holhday, Howard, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones,La Sere, Littlefield, Mason,McClernand, McMullen,
Meade, Miller, Millson, Morse, Parker, Phelps, Powell,
Richardson, Ross, Jacob Thompson, Venable, Waiden,
Waldo, and Young.
t For Mr. Cole—Messrs. Albertson, William J. Brown,
Daniel, Doty, Dunham, Duikee, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gor-
man, Haekett, Haralson, Harlan, Andrew Johnson, Julian,
Leffler, Job Mann, McDonald, McLanalian, R. M.MeLane,
McWillie. Orr, Robbins, Robinson, Sawtelle, Frederick F.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strong, James Thompson,
Wellborn, Wilmot, and Woodward.
For Mr. Tufts—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews,
Baker, Bennett, Burrows, Campbell, Clingman, Cole, C'or-
wjn, Crowell. Dickev. N. Evans, Goodenow, Hunter, J. L.
Johnson, Geoige G. King, McGaughey, Finis E. McLean,
Moore, Ogle, Otis, Pitman, Reynolds, Root, Ruirisey, Sack-
on, Schenek, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spalding, Thurman,
Vinton, and Wilson.
For Mr. Randolph—Messrs. Alston, Ashmun, Bokee,
Bteck,E. C. Cabrll, J. P. Caldwell, A.Evan^?, Gentry, Gould,
Hampton, Haymond, Hilliard,'Howe, Marshall, McKissoek,
Morton, Outlaw, Owen, Rose, Seddon, Shepperd, John B.
Thompson, W.ilkui*,. and Williams.
For (VIr. IVoleott—Me-ssr«<. Bingham, Buel, J. Cable, Cai-
tej, G'levelaud, Disney, Hall, Hamilton,P. King,McDowell,
Mori is, Olds, Pea*lee, Peck, Potter, Savage, Stetson, Sweet-
ser, Thomas, WilJiain Thompson, and Whittlesey.
For Mr, Clare—Messis. Bowdon,W. R. W. Cobb, Feath-
erston, S. W. Harris, Hubbard, McQueen, and Wallace.
For Mr. Wright—"Mr. Kaufman,
No choice.
MrrWOODWARD rose to inquire ofthe Speak-
er whether it would be in order to introduce a
propositvpn choosing officers by resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, and
has so ruled yesterday and on two other occa-
sions.
Mr. BROOKS paid that if the Speaker had not
very carefully considered the question raised by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] he (Mr. B.) begged leave to suggest a re-
consideration of the decision.
The rule, as he (Mr. B.) understood it, pre-
scribed that the vote should be taken viva voce.
The only question which arose was, what was a
viva vocc vote' The ballot they all comptehended.
The vote i?iv« voce meant by the living voice; and
if, on a resolution, a member voted aye or no, he
desired any gentleman to explain why that was not
as much a viva voce, vote, as if he uttered the name
of Horner in full, or Robert E. Horner, or Robert
Horner, or expressedSiimself in any other way.
The object of a viva voce vote, as he understood,
was that each member might put himself upon rec-
ord; that each and every member might know,
and that the country might know how each and
all had voted.
Mr. CARTER interposed, and (addressing the
Speaker) inquired what was the question before
he House?
The SPEAKER said, there was no question
pending before the House. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] was, as the Speaker un-
derstood, simply making a suggestion to the Chair.
Debate was not in order.
Mr. CARTER. And other members object to
Mr. B.'s pioceeding.
The SPEAKER said the Clerk would call the
roll.
Mr. BROOKS said, that in order that he might
conclude his remarks, he would take an appeal from
the decision ofthe Chair.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not debatable.
The appeal itself is in order; and the House can
determine whether it will adopt the mode proposed,
or whether that mode is in conformity to the rules
concerning the election of officers.
The SPEAKER then stated the decision, and
declared the question to be, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. McCLERNANO was understood to suggest
that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Woodward] had not offered any proposition, but
had merely submitted an inquiry to the Chair.
Mr. WOODWARD so stated.
Mr. EYANS, of Maryland, said that for the
purposeof testing the question, and with a view of
taking an appeal from the decision of the Chair if
it were adverse to his motion-, and he believed that
he now knew what the decision would be, from
the intimation thrown out by the Chair upon th s
and upon former occasions, he would offer the fol-
lowing resolution; ~
Resolved, That Robert E. Horner and John M. Johnson
be, and they are herebv appointed—the first as Doorkeeppr,
and the last-named as Postmaster of this House, lor the 31st
Congress*
The resolution having been readfor information,.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
Mr. EVANS said that, with entire respect to
the Chair, for the purpose of testing the question
he would take an appeal from the decision, and
would ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DUER called for the reading of the rule in
question.
And it was read, as follows:
1114. In all cases of election by the House of its officers,
the vote shall be taken viva voce."
Mr. EVANS. I understand this to be the rule
under which the Speaker decides the resolution
to be out of order.
The SPEAKER said there was another rule
prescribing the mode of election by ballot. The
fourteenth rule qualified the other only so as to
provide that the election should be held viva voce
instead of by ballot.
Mr. STANLY rose to inquire whether the
House had not once since the adoptior>of the four-
teenth rule (which was ten years ago) elected its
officers by resolution. If he was not mistaken, in
the twenty-seventh Congresa a resolution of that
kind had been adopted.
The SPEAKER said he was not a member of
the body during the twenty-seventh Congress. Tn
a subsequent Congress, however, (the twenty-
eighth, he thought, and perhaps the twenty-ninth,)
the officers of the House had been elected by reso-
lution. The resolution had been introduced with-
out objection or under a suspension of the rule. The
Speaker, however, had no recollection of any elec-
tion being made by resolution where objection had
been made.
The question, "Shall the decision ofthe Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 132,
nays 62.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
[Cries of "Call the roll."]
The SPEAKER requested the tellers to resume
th eir seats.
Mr. BUTLER of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
NEWELL, moved that the House adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
The roll was then again called the fifth time.
The tellers reported that 209 votes had been cast;
necessary to a choice 105; of which
Mr.Tufts received  98
Mr. Flood  51
Mr. Cole  45
Mr. Wolcott    9
Mr. Horner  4
Mr. Clare    9
209
The following is the vote in detail r
For Mr. Tuft4—-Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrew-, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett. Bokee, Kreck, Rrises,
Brooks, Harrow*, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell,Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Clai k,
Clm<iman,Cole, Coniad, Cot win, Crowell,Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Aloxandei Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedlev, Gentry. Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin noil,
Halloway, Hampton, Haymond, Henrv, Hilhaid, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson. Kerr, Daniel P Kim,',
Georce G. King, Horace Mann, Mmsball, M.itte.-on. Mc-
Gaughey, McICi-<oek, Finis E. McLean. Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson. Ode, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Wmnix, Pitmnn, Putnam, IU>ed, Reynold*, Risiey, Rock-
well, Root, Rose, Rum-ey, S.iokett, Schenek, Schermer-
hoin, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague,
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens,Thadden- Stevens, Tavlor,
John B. Thompson, Thmmnn, Tuck, Undeihill, Vinton,
YVatkins. White, William.-, Wihon, and Wmfhrop.
For Mi. Flood—Messrs. Averett, Ray, Bajlv, Beale
Bis.-ell, Bowdon, Buvd, Albeit G. Brown. Buth George A
Caldwell, Williamson R W. Cobb. Howell Cobb, Colcoek,
Daniel, Edmundfon, Ewing, Featherston. Gilmore, Green,
Ilackett, Hall, Tsham G. Harris Thomas L. Harris, Ilib-
bard, Uolliday, H.thbard. Tnge, Robert W. Johnson, Jones-
La Sere, Liftlefield, Ma«on, McClmiand, McMullen,
Meade, Miller, Million, Motse, Parker, Phelps, Powell, 1
Kiehatd*on, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Jacob Thompson, Wal- j
den, Waldo. Woodward, and Young. i
For Mr. Cole—Me^rs. Alherkoiil Ashe. Bingham, Booth, 1
William J. Brown, Buel, Carter, Cleveland, Doty,Dunham,
Durkee, Fitch, Fuller,Gerry,Gorman, Hamilton, Haralson,
Hailan, S. W. Hams. A.Johnson, Julian, Preston King,
Leffler, Job Mann, McDonald, McLanahan, R. M. McLane,
Mc'Wilhe, Orr, Peaslee, Potter, Bobbins, Robinson, Saw-
telle, Frederick P. Stanton, JUchard H Stanton, Stetson*'
Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, William Thompson,.
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wilmot, and Wood.
For Mr. Wofeott—Messrs. J. Cable, Disney, Howard,
Kaufman, McDowell, Morris, Olds, Peck, and Sweetser.
For Mr. Horner—Messrs. Chandler, Conger,.Hay, ^ James
G. King, and Newell.
For Mr. Clare—Messrs. McQtueen and'Wattaee.
No choice.
Mr. HOLMESr of South Carolina, moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON,-of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays, but withdrew the demand and
substituted a call for tellers.
Mr. CARTER renewed the demand forthe yeas
and nays. (They were refused.)
And tfye question being taken, the House, by
ayes 66, noes not heard, refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES moved that there'be a call ofthe
House, and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered*
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that Che House do~
now adjourn,
Mr CLINGMAN submitted, as a qu^stidn of
order, that the motion to adjourn was ndt in order,
because no intervening action had taken place since
a similar motion had been rejected %
The SPEAKER said that the ordering of the
yeas and nays, on the motion for a call fsf the
House, was such an intervening action as would
authorize the motion for adjournment to be agair*
made.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mr. BOBBINS : The petition of Reeves, Buck & Co.,
Elihu D. Farr, Bowlhy & Brenner, and twenty-six other
merchants and citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an appro-
priation for the erection of a haibor on the 'eastern side of
Reedy Island, in the Delaware river. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. RUMSEY : The petition of citizens of Essex andj
Clinton counties, New York, for additional duty on iron,,
&c.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New York, to abolish
the office of chaplain, &c.
Bv Mr. WALDEN : The petition of Daniel Hager, jr.,
of Schoharie county, New York, an invalid pensioner, for
arrears of pension.
By-Mr. CONGER : The petition of AaronKeeler, of New
York, a soldier of the Revolution, asking to be enrolled oi*
the pension list.
By Mr. MILLSON : The petition of William B.Bingley
and wife, asking additional compensation for ten acres of
land tn Gospoit, Virginia, sold to the United States as a site
for the dry dock.
By Mr. BOWDON: The petition of William M Mitchell,
and sundiy other citizens of Alabama, in leferencetQ the
election of chaplains by Congress, &c. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. HUNTER: The resolutions of the Legislature of
Ohio, relative to the reduction of the price of public lands
in the vicinitv of the Wabash, Ene and Miami canal. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Land*.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of William B. Edwards^
praying for an invalid pension. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
f AUo. the petition of Francis Yoast and John P. Rogers,
stating they made a mistake in entering certain tracts of
land at the Springfield Land Office, Missouri, praying fop
relief. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ANo, the petition of Burton McGhee and others, citizens
of McDonald county, Missouri, praying for a po«t route
fiom Carisville, via Henry Christian's, Blair's Mill, and
Rutledge, to Honey Creek ; also, for a post route from Nea-
shoe, Newton county, to Rutledge, McDonald county. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads^
Al«o, the petition of John Morris/for himself and other
citizens of Newton county, Missouri, prajing for a post
route from Enterprise, via Perseverance, to Giaud Falls.
T?eferred to the Committee on the Pt>st Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of J. Sidney Hen-
shavv. a mathematical professor in the Navv, discharged un-
dei the ar-t of Congress parsed August 3d, 1848, reducing
the number from twentv-one to twelve, for relief.
Al-io, the petition of Saiah Bowfer for relief, for loss
sustained by liei father, a revolutionary soldier, on Conti-
nental money paid him.
Also, the petition of Joseph Beckwith and eighty-seven
others, citizens of New York, agamst Congress employing
chaplains.
Also, the petition of Michael Long, of Oneida county,
New York, for a grant of land.
AJ-o, the petition of Henry J. Turner,,heir, assignee, an<f
repie^entativp of Henry W. Turner, deceased, for compen-
sation for seizure and sale of the ship Vigilant by Richard
H. Hacklev, acting vice consul of the United State-m Spain.
By Mr. REED The petition of Joseph Wright for an in-
valid pension. Reierred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mt. BOYD: The memorial of sundry citizcns of Ken-
tucky in favor of abolishing the office of chaplain in the
army, navy, and Gongress of tho United States.
