1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
perous condition of things may be prevented, and
that is, any successful attempt, on our part, to dis-
turb (he present s'ste of things in relation to the
revenue—1 mean the tariff. You know, sir, that
the tariff of 1816 works well. Tt has given us
an abundant revenue; it has falsified all the pre-
dictions of those who saw in it only a futile source
of disaster and ruin; and it has more than realized
the most sanguine expectations of its friends. I
•would pay, then, to use a homely phrase, "Let
well enough alone." I assure you, sir, when
gentlemen talk of this bounty lands system ren-
dering it necessary that the tariff shall be increased,
they are far from disturbing; my equanimity. Such
language may nlnrm the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] but I assure you, it has
no terrors for me. I am inclined to suspect, too,
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] has
been seized with the panic which seems to distress
his southern friends.
Now, sir, it has been alleged that such has been
the injurious effect of the tariff of 1846, that our
manufacturers are no longer able to pursue their
business with any profitable result. It is pretended
that, on this account, some of the manufactur-
ing establishments have been partially if not alto-
gether suspended — that they will actually be com-
pelled to stop business. To this, I can only say,
that forsome years past, I have particularly direct-
ed my attention to this kind of business, nnd I see
in my section of country all these establishments
going on prosperously under the ample protection
afforded by the tariff of 1846. If the manufactu-
rers are not doing well in the North, let them, if
they will, turn their attention to the state of things
in the South; let them come to the South, and see
how prosperously our manufacturers are going on;
and I think they will feel inclined to invest their
capital there. We have, besides other induce-
ments, an abundance of unemployed water-power.
1 can say, with confidence, that there is no pur-
suit, no branch of industry, in my State, in a
more thriving condition than that of manufactures.
There is no business in which capital is more pro-
ductive. I admit that the manufacturers are not
making so much as they did when the raw mate-
rial was to be obtained at lower prices: but there
is no business in the South which thrives better
than the manufacturing of cotton. With these
facts before me, sir, I cannot admit that there is
any ground for the panic which appears to have
seized on some gentlemen. Sir, 1 will not pledge
myself to vote for the bill in its present form.
But I intend to propose an amendment or two,
which L hope will be adopted, and which will put
the bill in a more unobjectionable form,
It may be well, sir, to examine into the state of
the country, and to see what is the probable num-
ber of soldiers who will be entitled to come in and
claim the benefits of this bill. I confess, that
until I entered into an investigation of this point,
I was not aware of the great number of soldiers—
taking into view all the different wars in which
we have been engaged—who would be entitled
to this relief. 1 should probably consume too
much of the time of this committee if I were to
go into the specifications which I have prepared,
for the purpose of obtaining full and accurate in-
formation on the subject. Probably there may
not have been less than five hundred thousand
soldiers who have been engaged in these wars—
talcing the whole of our wars, and every term of
service, however short, into the calculation. But
even if they reach that number, there is no reason
why gentlemen should feel any alarm. This bill
proposes to give to each soldier who may have
served three months, forty acres of land; to those
who have served six months, eighty acres; and to
those who have served twelve months, one hundred
and sixty acres. The whole amount of public
lands thus granted could not exceed forty or fifty
millions of acres. If you were to give to every
one of these soldiers one hundred and sixty acres,
it would be scarcely a drop in the bucket, when
you look to the total extent of the public domain,
if to every man living of these soldiers, and to the
widow or heirs of every one who has died there
was a grant of one hundred and sixty acres, the
whole would not exceed eighty millions. How
much land is there belonging to the United States ?
In Otegon there are 213 536,000 acres In Upper
California there are 336,689 000 acres; and in the
other States and terntorbs 283,735,000 acres 
making a total of about 838,941,000.Ares. And
what would be eighty millions of acres out of this
immense domain ? It is but a drop in the bucket.
Does any gentleman suppose the value of our
stocks would be affected by such a grant? Does
any one suppose that any diminution of the rev-
enue would result from it? The effect would be
too slight to be perceptible.
Some gentlemen have referred to the annual cost
which is devolved on the United States by the ex-
penses incurred for the extinguishment of Indian
titles, surveys, land offices, &c. On this subject I
have made inquiry at the General Land Office, and
! have satisfied mypelf that, after deducting all the
costs, after defraying the expense of purchasing
the Indian title and the land offices, the netamount
of every acre sold is about one dollar and two
or three cents. If you were to grant to every sol-
dier who has been engaged in our various w*irs since
the establishment of our Government 160 acres,
there would still be left nearly eight hundied mil-
lions of acres. Is it to be believed, then, that the
effect of this grant would be a depreciation of our
stock; or that the revenue would be so reduced as
to render it necessary to alter the tariff laws if we
pass this bill, when such a vast extent of the
public domain would still be left undisposed of.
No, sir; there is no ground for panic. *
A word or two, sir, on the objection, that the
relation between the Government and these sol-
diers is a contract. He who complies with the
condition of a contract to which he is a party, does
his duty well. But he does nothing more than his
obligation under thecontract imposes on him. But
this view of the case does not lessen the obligation
of the Government to do its duty towards him
who, without any contract, goes out to fight the
battles of his country. If a distinction is to be
made, it ought to be in favor of him who rushes
voluntarily into the war, animated solely by mo-
tives of patriotism, and not of him who moves to
the field induced by the bounty which is offered to
him.
I pass now, Mr. Chairman, to another objection
which'has been urged against the passage of any
bounty lands bill, for I wish it to be understood
that I do not regard myself as pledged to this par-
ticular bill. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] objects to bills of this character, because
they operate to the encouragement of speculators.
He objects that the parties for whom the relief is
intended are but slightly benefited, while in a
great majority of cases, the advantages innure to
speculators who contrive to get possession of the
lands. 1 am free to acknowledge, Mr. Chairman,
that there is too much truth in this objection so
far as it relates to the bill passed in 1847, for the
benefit of the soldiers who served in the war with
Mexico.' In too many instances, I am aware,
they who ought to have received the bounty were
swindled out of their lands. And this, sir, is at-
tributable mostly to the loose and defective man-
ner in which that bill was prepared. But, sir, is
there no way to prevent these fraudulent practices >
I know how hard it is to head men who bend their
minds to the discovery of any iw de which their
ingenuity ran devise for the purpose of making
money I know it is very difficult by any law to
provide against these fraud#. Many of my own
constituents have suffered severely by falling into
the hands of men of this stamp. And it is my de-
sire, sir, if this bill is to pass, so to fortify it as to
render it impossible for any speculator to get hold
of these lands, until they have passed info the
hands of the rightful owners. But from the mo-
ment the tit'e pa~sses into the hands of the owner,
the protection of the law ceases. We can exer- ^
cise no control over it after it has come into the j!
hands of the owner. He may throw all his prop !,
ertv to the winds. He has the right to dispose of
the land as he may think proner No law can in-
teifere with his purposes. AH that I can do in
the way of suggestion I will do: and I shall move
so to fortify the bill as that, in every instance, the
patent shall be granted to the soldier himself, and
thus all the advantage shall be secured to him, or
to his widow and children, and he or they shall
go directly into the possession of the patent to the
land. With their future management or disposi-
tion of the property we have no right to interfere
Th re is another point. I propose, at the proper
time.to submit to the committee some amendments,
for the purpose of having them considered befme
the bill comes up again for final action, and I will
now read them. They are as follow:
"That all bounty land warrants or certificates which may
hereafter be issued under the provUions of'ihe ninth section
ot'tlie act of the 1Kb Fwbruary, 1&47, ar d u <W this «ct, shall
be issued, located, and patent* d m the name of the soldier
who p"t formed the service, whether living or dead, and.<u' h
patent* sh.ill innure to the benefit of the person or per&ons
entitled to the sain*.
"Sec. 2, Jivti be it further evaded, That no transfer of
land granted in virtue ot this act, or any other biw giving
bounties of land to non commissioned officers, mu.-h-irins,
and privates, shall be valid unless theeontractor agreement
therefor, or letter of attorney giving power to sell of convey,
shall have been executed after the patents s ail be i^&ued
and delivered to the persons entitled thereto."
By this means, sir, I think we shall cutoff spec-
ulators from obtaining these lands by fraud. f
know, sir, that great frauds have been practiced
on the soldiery, and I am anxious to guard against
them. In some cases, 1 believe, companies have
been formed, who are engaged in the business of
buying up these warrants, or of procuring men to
represent and identify claimants, by which means
they obtain the warrants, and the rightful owner is
defrauded. The law of 1847 is insufficient to pro-
tect the claimants against these depredators.
There is no effectual way but to issue the warrant
to the soldier himself, and to put him at once in
possession of the patent, and this will secure to him
his right.
Mr. MEADE (Mr. Haralson yielding for an
inquiry) asked some questions inaudible to the
reporter, relative to the inconvenience which must
attend the location of the smaller grants of forty
acres, especially where the situation of the lands
was remote from the residence of the claimant.
Mr. HARALSON, (resuming.) I do not think
it necessary to make any change in the bill, in ref*
erence to this matter. I think that in most of the
cases, the claimant will find it easy to step into
the adjoining State to locate his Unds; and if he
cannot do this, it will be better to send a faithful
friend who will locate his land for him, than to sell
it for one half of its va'ue, or less, which has been
done frequently; or to lose it altogether, as it some-
times happens. I have no doubt, sir, that many
of the soldiers who fouffht in the Mexican war,
and for whose benefit the act of 1847 was passed,
were swindled out of their lands. The provision
which I propose, to remedy this evil, is to deliver
the warrant and the patent to the claimant himself,
so that he may either locate his lands, or obtain
some friend to locate them for him. He can then
return his certificate to the General Land Office,
and be put in possession of the patent to the land,
and sell it if he thinks proper to do so. This, I
hope, will be a sufficient answer to the objection
of the gentleman from Maryland.
I have a great dislike, Mr. Chairman, to refer
to particular cases, but there is a case presenteU
to me in my own district, which I confess has af-
fected me deeply. One of Wayne's men, who
was out with that gallant officer m 1792, and who
is now very old, came to me and presented me a
discharge, signed by the old General himself, with
whom he had faithfully served three ytars. He
had been receiving only six dollars a month as a
reward for his services. He thought his case
hard, when he heard of the more liberal gratuities
which Congress has given to the soldiers of the
Mexican war. "When you are giving lands
(said he) to the soldiers who were in heservice dur-
ing the warwith Mexico foronly threemonths,why
should you not be as generous to the <>ld sotdieis
who fought under Genet fil Way ne for three years?"
I was dumb, Mr. Chairmon. I could give no sat-
isfactory reasons for this distinction. It v. as^ a
sr ontaneous effusion of my heart to assure him
that, so f*r as any effort of mine could obtain i ,
he should have the benefit of these bounty landa.
I am here, sir, to-day, to redeem my pledge to
this old man, Jackson. I am entirely opposed to
any system which gives these graiuuiis to one,
and denies them to "another. But the gemlcn a«
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] as well as others
who have addressed the committee, has giv^n ro-
tice of his intention to propose and advocate
amendments to grant lands to all persons w ho will
settle them, without respect to their military ser-
vice Sir, it requires no shatpress of vision to
see the object of such liberality: it is to weigh
down, ami ultimately defeat the bill. I trust, sir,
that its friends m iy defeat s&ch amendments, and
stand by the reasonable amend merits of its niends,
amendments intended in good faith to perfect the
bill.
One word more, and I have done. When you
are so liberally disposing of the public lands to
