18.50*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i/
residence of a United States Consul at Baiikok for the pro-
tection of American citizens and their lawful commerce in
Siam,
REPORTS 03? COMMITTEES,
Mr. JONES, fiom the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition iind papers in
the case of Isaac Watts Griffith, reported a bill to
increase the pension of Isaac Watts Griffith, ac-
companied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, a bill to author-
ize the payment of invalid pensions in certain cases,
accompanied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Also, from the same committee, to.whieh was
referred the memorial of the heirs of Judith Wor-
then, reported a bill for their relief, accompanied
by a report; which were ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of
Thomas Copperthwaite& Co., reported a bill pro-
viding for the purchase and distribution of the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States
among the several States and Territories; which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of General Roger Jones, reported a bill for his re-
lief, accompanied by a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which wag referred the memorial of Hor-
ace Southmayde & Son,asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of William A. Seely, asking the inter-
vention of the United States to enable him to ob-
tain frpm the Government a claim for recovering
the crown jewels of Holland, reported against
printing the same; which motion was agreed to.
NOTICES OP BILLS TO BE INTRODUCED,
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would intro-
duce a bill to establish ports of entry and delivery
at Madison and New Albany, Indiana, and for other
purposes.
Mr. YCJLEE, in pursuance of notice, aslced and
obtained leave to bring in a bill to reduce the min-
imum price of the yellow pine lands or pine bar-
rens; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
TEXAS REDUCTION LIMITS BILL.
Mr. BENTON made his promised motion for
leave to bring in a bill for the reduction of the lim-
its of the State of Texas, and prefaced his motion
with an exposition of the principles of his bill, and
of his reasons for bringing it in. He said:
The biii makes a proposal to Texas for the re-
duction of her limits. She is too large, either for
her own convenience or for the proper equality
and well-being of the other States. She covers
sixteen degrees of latitude, and fourteen of longi-
tude. She extends from 26 to 42 degrees of north
latitude, and from 96 to 110 west longitude; that
is to say, from four degrees south of New Orleans
to near four degrees north of St. Louis, and from
the longitude of western Missouri to the summit
of the Rocky Mountains. Her southeast corner
is in the mouth of the Rio Grande—region of per-
petual flowers; her northwest corner is near the
South Pass in the Rocky Mountains—region of
eternal snow. She has a gulf frontier of near a
thousand miles—a river frontier on the Rio Grande
(part disputed) of two thousand miles—an indis-
puted river frontier of a thousand miles on the
Arkansas, about five hundred more on the Red
river, nearly another five hundred on the Sabine
frontier, and an inland frontier of three hundred
miles more between the Red river and the Arkan-
sas. She has a circumference of above five thousand
miles, and a superficial content of three hundred
and fifty thousand square miles. Such a State is
too large, either for her own welfare or that of the
other States. She is large enough to make seven
States of the first class, and ought, for her own
welfare as well as that of the other States, to be
reduced to a reasonable size. The proper time for
the reduction was the time of her admission into
the Union, and I proposed it at that time—pro-
posed the reduction and the settlement of all ques-
165
tions with her, before she was admitted.* That
proposition was overruled; she was admitted as a
State, with all her questions of extent, boundary,
public lands, debts, and Indians, unsettled; and
never to be settled afterwards except upon her own
terms. What was proper then is indispensable now:
what might have been easily done then becomes
difficult now. All the evils then foretold are com-
ing to pass, and becoming worse from delay; so
that the work of reduction oflimits and settlement
of these questions can no longer be deferred with-
out great public misfortune.
The bill proposes to reduce her, at once, with
her consent, into a State of about 150,000 square
miles; and, eventually, into two States of about
75,000 square miles each. The reduction is pro-
posed on the principle of leaving all the present
population and all the organized counties un-
touched, and ceding the unseated and wild lands
to the United States. The western boundary line,
retired to the parallel of 102 degrees of west lon-
gitude, and the northern boundary line retired to
the Red river, would have this effect; and would
leave the State in a compact form, with very com-
modious and proper boundaries, and very suitable
for future division into two States. She would re-
tain all her gulf coast, one half of the Rio Grande,
about a thousand miles on the Red river, and the
Sabine frontier as it is. A parallel of latitude,
through open prairies, east of the Rio Ptierco,
instead of the claimed Rio Grande, would become
her western boundary. The Red river, now the
boundary of part of the State on the north, would
become the whole northern boundary. The Ar-
kansas would be abandoned in its whole extent, and
the southwest corner of the State brought down
from the head of the Arkansas to near the head of
the Red river—from the frozen region of 42 to the
genial clime of 34.
This reduction would leave the State compact
and homogeneous, with natural boundaries, and
perfectly adapted to the division which is pro-
vided for. She would still be too large for one
State, and this is the proper time for dividing her;
and the bill contains the provision for that purpose.
A north and south line is taken for the dividing
line, which will give about equal extent and equal
advantages to each State. The parallel of 98 de-
grees of west longitude divides the Red river front
equally between them, giving four degrees to each.
The same parallel foliowed south to its intersec-
tion with the Rio Colorado, and thence following
that river to its mouth in the gulf, divides both the
gulf coast and the territory about equally again.
This is the proposed division line—the second
State to become separate and independent, and
entitled to immediate admission into the Union as
a matter of right, on attaining a population of
100,000 souls.
All exterior to these limits is proposed to be
ceded to the United States. The cession is esti-
* The following is the copy of a bilt introduced into the
Senate by Mr. Benton, on the lith December, 1844, viz:
A BILL to providefor the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representatives
of the Unitpd States of JJmerrra in Congress assembled, That
the President ot tile United States be, and he hereby is, au-
thorized and advised to open negotiations with Mexico and
Texas for the adjustment of boundaries, and the annexation
of the latter to the United States, on the following bases, to
wit:
I. The boundary of the annexed territory to be in tile des-
ert prairie west of the Nueces, and along the highlands and
mountain heights which divide the waters of the Mississippi
from the waters of the Rio del Norte, and to latitude forty-
two degrees north.
II. The people of Texas, by a legislative act, or by any
authentic act which shows the will of the majority, to ex-
press their .(si-ent to said annexation.
III. A State, to be called "the State of Texas," with
boundaries fixed by herself, and an extent not exceeding that
of the largest Sftate of the Union, be admitted into the
Union, by virtue of this act, on an equal tooting with the
original States.
T V. The remainder of the annexed territory to be held
and disposed of by the United States as one of their Terri-
tories, and to be called " the Southwest Territory."
V. The existence of slavery to be forever prohibited in
the northern and northwestern part of said Territory, west
of the hundredth degree of longitude west from Greenwich,
so as to divide, as equally as may be, the whole of the an-
nexed country between siaveiiol'ding and non-slavebolding
States.
VI. The assent of Mexico to be obtained by treaty to
such annexation and boundary, or to be dispensed with
when the Congress of the United States may deem i,uch as-
sent to be unnecessary.
VII. Other details of the annexation to be adjusted by-
treaty, so far as the same may come within the scope of the .
treaty-making power.
mated to amount to two hundred thousand square
miles, and stretches from the Rio Grande to the
Arkansas, and to the head of the Arkansas, and
is supposed to contain most of the public lands
which Texas possesses. It is a large extent of
country, and is desirable to the United States, and
almost indispensable to her, from its great extent,
its geographical position, and its actual condition
as a shelter for savages. It covers the whole
country which lies at the head of our rivers in
front of the New Mexican mountains, and from
the Rio Grande to the Arkansas. It stretches
from 28 to 42 degrees of north latitude, and covers
the whole country in front of New Mexico and
California. It is now the State of Texas, and in-
terposes that State between the settled parts of the
United States and the whole front of New Mexico
and California. The United States owes great
duties to these two new acquisitions—duties
which it cannot fulfill without possessing the abso-
lute right of way to them, the primary disposition
of the soil, and the management of the Indians.
The duty of protection cannot be extended to them
without a right to make roads and plant settlers.
We want a road from the frontier of Missouri to
Santa Fc and California: we cannot make them
without an absolute right of way, and the power
to make settlements upon them. New Mexico is
suffering from Indian depredation—suffering more
now under the American Government than un-i
der any period of the Mexican Government,
even in its most helpless and distiacted con-
dition. People are killed, captives carried off,
and stock driven away, in sight of the town
of Santa Fe—in sight of the American flag flying
over the town. The roads from Missouri and
Arkansas to the capital of New Mexico are about
as dangerous now as in time of actual war. In
fact, so far as New Mexico and the roads to her
are concerned, there is no peace. The treaty with
Mexico has brought no peace there. The war
stilt rages, and worse than ever—all round New
Mexico, all through her, and upon all the roads
leading to her. New Mexico needs settlers—a
home population—to defend her. Settlers are
the natural and chcap defence of new countries:
but settlers, to defend a country, must have a stake
in it—an interest in the soil. They must have
land—must have donations and preemptions; and
the primary disposition of the soil is necessary to
that. A regiment of a thousand men, raised and
officered in the country, with grants of land in ad-
dition to pay; would give the protection to New
Mexico, and her roads, which are due to them;
and give it in the way to be both cheapest and most
effectual. But, to do that, the right of jurisdiction
and the primary disposition of the soil is indispen-
sable to the United States. We cannot protect
New Mexico—we cannot go to her, or to Califor-
nia, upon any direct line, or upon any line within
the United States south of 42°, without going
through the State of Texas, subject to the impedi-
ments which State rights may in terpose, and with-
out the rights over the soil which the protection of
the roads require.
The right of jurisdiction and the primary dispo-
sition of the*soil is indispensable to us in all that
part of Texas which intervenes between New .
Mexico and California—which lies in front of the
mountains at the heads of the Red river and Ar-
kansas—which stretches from the Rio Grande to
the edge of thte South Pass in latitude 42°. It is a
tract of 200,000 square miles, and cannot be ob-
tained without a price. Texas is in no condition
to make such a gratuity to the United States. She
owes money, and wishes to pay it. She needs im-
provements, and desires to make them. She is
young, and requires a system of schools, and needs
a school fund. And for all these objects her prin-
cipal reliance is on these 200,000 square miles of
territory, containing her vacant lands, and so in-
dispensable to us. The bill offers her fifteen mil-
lions of dollars—a sum not arbitrarily assumed,
but adopted from the offer made, and for a less ex-
tent, in 1844. The treaty of annexation, negoti-
ated but not ratified in that year, gave her ten
millions of dollars: five millions more, some say
ten, were-offered to Mexico. Adopting that offer
to Texas and Mexico, the same sum of fifteen mil- ,
hows is now proposed to Texas, and with better
reason, for we get more country, and that which ■
has become indispensable to us from the acquisi-
tion of New Mexico and California. It is but a
small sum, considering the objects to be attained.
