1M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jam 16,
Even if it took the money out of the treasury, the
attainment of these objects, now amounting to pos-
itive duties, would justify the sacrifice; but it will
take no money from the treasury. The land ceded,
after all deductions for the sterile and the appropri-
ated, would still contain enough, arable and vacant,
to raise the amount. But land is not all that Texas
cedes. She is required to relinquish all her claims
upon the United States; and these are neither few
nor small. She is to relinquish all claims for prop-
erty surrendered to the United States—ships, forts,
arsenals, munitions of war,'custom-houses, cus-
tom-house revenue, public squares, and public
edifices. She is to relinquish all claims for her
debts, the means of paying which were in her cus-
tom-houses, already surrendered, and in the vacant
lands now proposed to be ceded. She is further to
relinquish all other claims, embracing a serious j
item for the depredations of Indians collocated on
her borders by the United States, before the annex-
ation, and bound to be restrained from mischief
by the existing treaty with Mexico, and to which
Texas became party.
These are the great reasons of national policy,
and of national duty, which make this reduction
of limits and cession of territory indispensable to
us. They are sufficient in themselves; but there
is another reason, of a different kind, and of new
and pressing urgency, on which we cannot shut
our eyes, nor avoid the involvment which it threat-
ens, if allowed to go on. Texas and New Mexico
are about coming into collision: the United States
are, and must be, a party to that collision. It is
their duty to stop it before it becomes more serious,
and to stop it amicably and paternally by extin-
guishing the claim of Texas to the territory in dis-
pute. This bill, if agreed to by Texas and the
United States, will have that effect. It will give
Texas a defined western boundary four degrees
east of Santa Fe, and will remove all cause of
collision.
These are some of the reasons which make this
reduction of limits and cession of territory desira-
ble, and in fact indispensable, to the United States.
There are reasons why it should also be desirable
to Texas. It would give her the means of getting
rid of a debt which discourages emigration, ab-
sorbs her resources, paralyzes improvements, and
postpones the establishment of a school system,
it would release her from the management of wild
laiids, always an inconvenient subject of State le-
gislation. It will give her at once her ultimate and
proper form and limits, and enable her to give to
all her public establishments and highways their
proper localities and directions. It will free her
from all questions of dispute or controversy at
home or abroad, and enable her to direct all her
energies to the prosperity of the State, with the
means to promote it.
It would relieve her from the anomaly of free-
soil—pregnant cause of future mischief—which is
within her limits; and it would give to that quarter
of the Union additional weight in this body by the
addition of the two Senators to which the second
State would soon be entitled.
These are my reasons for offering to bring in
this bill. I owe it to myself to pay, that I have
* not taken this step without the knowledge of the !
Senators from Texas. I owe it to them to say that 1
they have expressed no opinion upon the merits
of my plan. I have proceeded upon my own view
of what was best both for Texas and for the
United States; and now ask leave to bring in the
bill.
Mr. Benton then submitted his bill, which was
read a first time, as follows:
A BILL proposing to the State of Texas the reduction of
her bouarianes, the cession oi her exterior territoiy, and
the relinquishment of all her claims upon the United
Suites, for a consideration to be paid her by the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States, in Congress assembled,
That the following propositions shall be, and the
same are hereby offered to the State of Texas,
which, when agreed to by the said State, in an
act passed by her General Assembly, shall be bind-
ing and obligatory upon the United Spates and
upon the said State of Texas.
First. The State of Texas will reduce her
boundary on the west to the one hundred and
second degree of west longitude, from the meridian
of Greenwich; and on the north to the Main or
Salt Forfi of the Red river, between the parallels
of one hundred and one hundred' and two degrees
of west longitude.
Second. When the population of said State
shall equal or exceed one hundred thousand souls
west of the line formed by the ninety-eighth de-
gree of west longitude, and by the river Colorado,
from its mouth to its intersection by said parallel,
then the State of Texas will further reduce her
western boundary to that line; and the part of
Texas lying west of that line, as reduced by the
first article of this agreement, shall be and remam
a separate State, entitled to immediate admission
into the Federal Union, on an equal footing with
the original States.
Third, The State of Texas cedes to the United
States all.her territory exterior to the limits to
which she reduces herself by the first article of this
agreement.
Fourth. The State of Texas relinquishes all
claim upon the United States for liability of the
debts of Texas, and for compensation or indem-
nity for the surrender to the United States of her
ships, ports, arsenals, custom-houses, custom-
house revenue, arms and munitions of war, and
public buildings, with their sites, which became
the property of the United States at the time of
the annexation.
Fifth. The United States, in consideration of
said reduction of boundaries, cession of territory,
and relinquishment of claims, will pay to the State
of"Texas the sum of fifteen millions of dollars in
a stock bearing five per cent, interest, and redeem-
able at the end of fourteen years, the interest pay-
able half yearly at the Treasury of the United
States.
Sixth. Immediately after the President of the
United States shall have been furnished with an
authentic copy of the act of the General Assembly
of Texas, accepting these propositions, he shall
cause the stock to be issued in favor of the State
of Texas, as provided for in the fifth article of this
agreement.
The bill was then read a second time by its title.
Mr. BENTON. I suppose it should now be
referred to some committee.
Mr. FOOTE. Refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. I should suppose that it would
be more properly referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Several Senators. No; the Judiciary.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary accordingly.
CALIFORNIA, DESERET, NEW MEXICO, AND
JACINTO.
Mr. FOOTE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce, a bill to provide for the
organization of the territorial governments of Cali-
fornia, Deseret, and New Mexico, and to enable
the people of Jacinto, with the consent of the State
of Texas, to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original
States, in all respects whatsoever.
In asking leave to introduce the bill, Mr. F
said :
Mr. President: In accordance with a notice
given by me some weeks ago, I rise for the pur-
pose of obtaining the assent of the Senate to the
introduction of the bill which 1 now hold m my
hand ; which is entitled "A bill to provide for the
organization of a territorial government in Califor-
nia, Deseret, and New Mexico, and to enable the
people of Jacinto (with the assent of the State of
Texas) to provide a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union upon an equal footing with* the original
States, in all respects whatsoever." I beg leave
to detain the Senate for a few minutes, whilst, in
accordance with Parliamentary usage, and the ex-
cellent example just supplied to us by the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] I
explain the objects of this bill; of whom and his
example I may say, that it is sometimes quite
convenient for one who is disposed to assail, but
who wishes to do so without exposing himself to
the avenging justice of the lex talioni$> rhetori-
cally to exhibit himself, as he has done this
morning, in a speech merely introductive to a bill,
which is, regularly, not subject to be responded to
at all; instead of coming upon the arena of debate
in a more formal manner, and generously allow-
ing those who differ from him in sentiment the
opportunity of replying to views which, going
unanswered, might be productive of a delusion
not easy to be removed by a response made in the
customary routine of debate.
So far as the reduction of the present territorial
boundaries of Texas is conccrned, I believe that
there is no difference of opinion in this body. It
is certainly most true, as this moment urg-ed in our
hearing, that Texas, allowing to her alfthe terri-
tory claimed by her act of 1836, (adopted whilst
she remained an independent republic,) would be
too large for a single State of this Confederacy; and
I will add that her title to all the territory claimed
for her by the act of 1836, entitled "An act for
defining the boundaries of the republic of Texas,"
is one which no ingenuity can undermine and no
sophistry elude. Indeed, I suppose that the true
limits of Texas will nesver again be disputed in the
Congress of the United States; since the honorable
Senator from Missouri, who, when the resolutions
of Texan annexation were under consideration in
this Chamber, was, if I recollect aright, the only
Senator who presumed to call in question her now
acknowledged boundaries, has become a convert
to the teachings of others on this subject—to the
teachings of those, sir, who, when they first adven-
tured upon the ta&k of instruction, were treated
with naught but scornful incredulity and a sort of
Fadladcen contempt. Sir, the fact that Texas is
too large for a single State is by no means a new
discovery. Such was the opinion of those who
framed the resolutions of annexation, as novone
will doubt who will examine them; for upon such
examination it will appear that they expressly
contemplate a future division of Texas into four
States or less, with the consent of Texas herself'.
The terms of the resolution of annexation, so far
as this point is concerned, are as follows:
"New States, of convenient size, not exceeding four in
number, maddition lo said State of Texas, and having suf-
ficient population, may hereafter, l\v the con-ent ot said
State, be formed out of the territoiy thereof, which shall lie
entitled to rtdnussion under the provision* 01 the Federal
Constitution."
Yes, sir; the ultimate formation of new States
within the limits of Texas, as these limits were
recognized to exist at the period of annexation,
was distinctly contemplated, and most formally
provided for, and that these limits were understood
at the time as embracing all the territory now
claimed by Texas, is quite evident from the fact
that it was in addition provided by the resolutions
of annexation themselves that "such States as
might be formed out of that portion of said terri-
tory lying south of thirty-six degrees thirty min-
utes north latitude, commonly known as the Mis-
souri compromise line, should be admitted into
the Union with or without slavery, as the people of
each State asking admission might desire;" whilst
it was provided that " in such State or States as
should be formed out of the territory north of said
Missouri compromise line, slavery or involuntary
servitude (except for cumes) should be prohibit-
ed." Now, as this same Missouri compromise
line is some two degrees or more north of what
has been generally marked upon our maps as the
northern boundary line of Texas, and runs
through the heart of what is now called by some
New Mexico, and which was once universally
recognized as such, it follows as an inevitable con-
clusion, that the American Congress which adopt-
ed the resolutions of annexation designed nothing
less than the recognition of the precise northern
and western boundaries of Texas as described m
her act of 1836, already referred to. It is, there-
fore, not at all surpiising that the territoi ial sui face
of Texas as then marked out was on all sides re-
garded as too large to be permanently embraced
within the confines of a single State, and might
well bear future division and subdivision.
I repeat, therefore, Mr. President, that it is no
new discovery which has been announced so pomp-
ously in our hearing this morning, that Texas,
with the boundaries that of right appertain to her,
is too large for a single State; nor is the honorable
Senator from Missouri entitled to the credit of
having originated a scheme for the reduction of her
limits. No one will doubt this who is aware that
the bill, for the reception of which I now ask, and
which has been printed by oider of the Senate,
and which has been lying upon the tables of hon-
orable Senators for at least ten days past, actually
provides for the establishment of a new State with-
in the limits of Texas, with the consent of the
