imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
There were not a few of the persons who were
engaged in the War with Mexico, who desired
mertiy to go out by way of experiment, or to
bring; upon themselves notoriety; but the whole
population of the State which he had the honor in
part to represent, were engaged in the war of 1812.
They were called out continually, not to make
aggressions upon foreign territory, and to secure it
to the United States, but to defend the very terri-
tory they -were now proposing; to devote to the
use of those brave men who encountered the perils
and hardships of warfare, in consideration of the
services which they rendered to thecountry. They
were not young men only who were engaged in
that warfare against the savages, but husbands
and fathers left their wives and children, and went
forth to defend thecountry.
It was a duty which they owed to these men,
now since the soldiers ofthe Revolution had passed
away, to pay some attention to their wants and
necessities; many of them had never received a
solitary cent byway of compensation, although
they underwent the hardest toil. The Govern-
ment was at that time destitute of means, and
these men fought the battles of their country
without compensation, sustaining themselves as
best they misht, often without provisions, in a
starving condition; enduring all the hardships at-
tendant upon privation, fatigue and the ligorsof
climate. And all this without fee or reward.
He withdrew ihe amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS renewed the amendment. He
said that he did it in good faith. Every senti-
ment of his heart responded to the views ex-
pressed by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
McLean.] The drafted militia of 1812 were as
meritorious troops as any.in the service of that
year. It was to that class that the northwestern
frontier was indebted for its protection from the
memorable surrender of General Hull in August,
up to the arrival of the first regular troops in De-
cember following. It was on that frontierthat the.
Kentucky militia fought so gallantly beside those,
of Ohio. The bloody field of the " River Raisin"
bore testimony to the gallantry of Kentucky At
Fort Meigs they fought beside the Ohio militia,
and both showed themselves worthy sons of those
gallant States.
He thought them as meritorious as any other
troops. They suffered more than any portion of
the regular army of that year. He had never
been in favor of the system of bounty lands or
pensions, but if there be any duty devolving upon
statesmen, it wgs that of dealing- out their bounty
and their justice with an even hand. Capricious-
ness of legislation should always be avoided.
Congress had given bounty lands to all who served
in the Mexican war: and surely those who served
in ** Wayne%s war" and in that of 3812, were as
meritorious as tho^e who went to Mexico. He
would treat them all alike, deal out our bounty to
all of equal merit with an equal liberafrty.
Mr. G. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment. He
remarked that he was entirely averse to this lim-
itation on the power of debate in reference to a
subject so important in itself, and which involved
some of the most serious questions that could be
brought before the American people.
In the first place—as had been said by some of
the friends of the bill—they were voting away
fifty millions of dollars worth of the public prop-
erty. That was one consideration which was en-
titled to some attention. In the next place, they
weie giving it away; and this involved the con-
sideration as to how far they, as the Representa-
tives of the people, had the "right to give away
fifty millions of dollars' worth of the public prop-
erty to a particular class of the community.
And then asrain, sir, said (.Mr. T.,) anothercon-
sideration arises. It is charged on this floor, and
I think rightly, that the public faith is involved;
that it would be a violation of the public faith to
make any such application of the public domain
as is here proposed. Gemlemen cannot get over
this objection by saying that only a part of the do-
main has been pledged. You mustcarry out a prin-
ciple. Suppose you have pledged a part, and that
you then give away the whole, can you turn
round to your creditor and say I have not violated
the pledge, because I did not pledge the whole?
I should like to hear these questions debated,
and unless there be debate, how are we to recon-
cile the conflicting opinions of gentlemen? One
thinks that the bill ought to be amended in one
way, and another thinks nought to be amended
in another way; one thinks the donations ought
to be made to one class of individuals, and another
thinks they ought to be made to another class;
another thinks that all the States in the Union
ought to be benefited alike. My constituency are
as largely interested, perhaps, in this matter, as
any constituency in the United States; and I might
myself put forward a claim—having done some
small service to the State; but a man may render
service to his country in a variety of ways, with-
out establishing any foundation, in reason or jus-
tice. for singling him out to be the recipient of
special bounty. This is a system which is.fast
gaming ground in this country, and the result to
which it inevitably tends, is, thatone half of the
community shall be taxed for the benefit of the
other half. I have an amendment to propose, to
give a portion of this public property to every
American citizen. If you are going to divide it
at all, divide it fairly among all. The people who
were engaged in these Indian wars have been ap-
plying to Congress for the last twenty-five, thirty,
forty, or fifty years for donations, in considera-
tion of their services, and those applications have
always been refused. But this bill, and the pro-
ceedings of tn-day, shadow forth the temper of
the times. It is a mistaken course. You are
traying the trust that has been committed to you,
under the false and absurd idea that you must give
extraordinary rewards to a class of individuals
because they have fought for the country.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SAVAGE renewed the amendment. He
said that he should support the amendment, be-
cause it provided for more persons than the original
bill. That he differed with the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] who asked what number
there were to be provided for, with a view of
furnishingan argument against the bill. For my-
self, (continued Mr. S.,) the more there are, the
better it suits my policy.
1, with the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] feel deeply the folly of our course, in
hastening through this bill without due considera-
tion. I venture to assert, that it is the great bill
—the most important of any that has, or will come
before Congress during the present session; and
yet we are allowed five minutes to talk about it.
Many difficulties hang around the subject
which ought to be provided ngainst. 1 fully appre-
ciate the ingenious effort of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] to defeat the bill f but 1
should much rather that he had given us the ben-
efit of his long experience in perfecting its details.
"Why tell us about speculators—why will he not
aid the House in legislating against them ? Surely,
if there is a man in the world able to defeat these
speculators, it must be the gentleman himself; and
I hope that he will turn his ingenuity into that
channel, without delay.
I am a member of that party which, a few years
since, was found strolling for the acquisition of
the vast territories of Texas, Oregon, New Mex-
ico, and California. We did this to extend the
area of freedom, and we have thus secured to
our citizens for more than one hundred years,
I hence, a city of refuge in the West, to which the
poor man may fly from the frowns of the proud
man's domicil. The population and settlement of
these territories is the great question now before
us. I differ with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton ] who desires to exchange these lands for
the gold of foreigners. I prefer to give them in j
reward of the blood of our citizens—I desire to
settle upon these lands men bound to the country
by the recollections of the past—by the blood of
themselves and their ancestors.
_Mr. VINTON interposed, and (Mr. Savage
yielding the floor) explained what his position, in
his remarks yesterday, had been. The explana-
tion was not hea-rd by the reporter, but the ori-
ginal remarks of Mr. V. will be found in another
column.
Mr. SAVAGE said: I did not misunderstand
the gentleman. I understand his piesent policy'!
to be, to sell these lapds to such men as will buy !j
them. I understood him to say, that the foreign '
emigrants would pay money into the Treasu>yfor
them. A few years ago, and the gentleman's pol-
icy would have taught us to give the money, thus
raised, to the States by,way of distribution; and I
have no doubt but that the gentleman to-day
would give it to the States, or anybody else rather
than these soldiers. And I now say, that I re-
gard this matter simply as a choice between par-
ties—who shall have the public lands, is the ques-
tion. In this contest I am for the soldier, not
only from feelings which have grown up in my
bosom at other times, but because I believe it to
be the true policy of this country to reward those
who have periled all in its defence. This bill will
not give them one twentieth part of the public do-
main; it is as little as they ought to have.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GOODENOW renewed the amendment.
He said that, if the bill is to pass in any shape,
he was most decidedly in favor of the amendment
offered by the honorable gentleman from Virginia.
It must nor be forgotten, that there was, during
the war of 1812, a class of regiments for which
this bill does not provide, unless amended as pro-
nosed. He alluded to the yearsmen, as they were
t^pn called. Congress passed an act in January,
1813, by which the President was authorized to
raise such number of regiments of infantry, not
exceeding twenty, as, in his judgment, was neces-
sary for the puhlic service, to be enlisted to serve
for one year. Several regiments were organized
under the act to which he had referred, went on
to our nothern frontier, and then did much effi-
cient and hard service. Among them were the thir-
rv-third and thirty-fourth regiments from Maine.
Now, unless these men, and this class of men,
shall be provided for, he could not vote for the
bill. It would be gross injustice to exclude them.
Mr. G withdrew the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, rerewed the
amendment, and &aid: Mr. Chairman, I renew the
amendment, and I do«it in good faith, because I
am honestly and sincerely in favor of the liberal
and beneficent object to be accomplished by the
bill under consideration. It is true, sir, thete are
provisions in the bill which 1 do not approve, and
which I earnestly desire shall be stricken out. I
refer to those provisions which restrict the grants
of land proposed to be made, to onlv a small por-
tion of the brave and gallant men who have given
their efforts, and in many cases their blood, to the
country. I would have this bill comprehensive in
its terms, and so liberal in its provisions as to em-
brace all who have contributed to achieve our con-
quests, or defend the country against the inva-
sions of a foreign foe. •
I differ from my honorable friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] in the opinion that this is a mere
gratuity to the brave defenders of the rights and
honor of our country. It is no gratuity—no mere
gift—but the discharge of a high moral debt—a
debt of erati'ude, of honor, and of patriotism, and
which has been too long and unjustly withheld,
and which we ought instantly, and without delay,
• to discharge. Sir, 1 beg the honorable gemle'man
to remember the services of that gallant and patri-
otic band of men who, upon the first call of their
! country, rushed to the point of danger from that
| gallant and patriotic State which I have the honor
j in part to represent, old Kentucky ! Sir, among
| a'l the hiave men who have crimsoned with their
I life's blood the battle-fields of our country, none
! were braver than the troops from Kentucky. The
i mounted men of 1S1Q from that State, provided
! their own horses, their arms, accoutrements, and
| provisions for twenty days. They were required
j to rendezvous at Dayton, Ohio, and they did so,
■ sir, with that alacrity so characteristic of Kentucky
soldiets. After the stock of provisions, which
| had been supplied by themselves, was exhausted,
! they were compelled nearly all the balance of their
I period of service, to subsist upon half rations,
i The records of their country speak in terms of
i high commendation of the patience and fortitude
; with whirh their privations and hardships were
j borne. They were discharged upon the frontier,
! at a distance of hundreds of miles from home, arid
' compelled to return at their own expense. Gen-
j eral Harrison's reports show 'hatShelby's men of
: the following year, were subject to the same pri-
vations, and were discharged in the same way at a
great distance from their homes. The mounted
men of both years,_ 1812 and 1813, received infan-
try pay, at the rate of only eight dollars per month.
They received no pay for clothing, nor any pay for
thp. piovisions furnished, or the use of their horses.
While the Government paid full compensation in
all other cases for the transportation of troops,
provisions, and munitions of war, the volunteers
