1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
dividing said Territory into two or more Territo-
ries, in such manner, and at such times, as Con-
gress shall deem convenient and proper; or from
attaching any portion of sard Territory to any
other State or Territory of the United States.
Sec. 2. And beAt further enacted, That the exec-
utive power in and over said Territory of Califor-
nia shall be vested in a Governor, who shall-reside
in the Territory, and hold his office during foyr
years, unless sooner removed by Jhe President of
the United States, or unless said Territory of Cali-
fornia shall before that time have been admitted
into the Union; he shall be commander-in-chief of
the militia of said Territory; shall have power to
appoint and commission all officers, civil and mili-
tary, required by law to be appointed for said Ter-
ritory, whose appointments are not otherwise pro-
vided for bylaw; shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed; shall have power to grant par-
dons for offences against the said Territory, and
reprieves for those against the United States, until
the decision of the President thereon shall have
been made known; shall, on extraordinary occa-
sions, have power to convene the General Assem-
bly; and he shall, ex officio, be superintendent of
Indian affairs. The said Governor shall be allowed
and paid quarter-yearly at the treasury of the
United States the annual compensation of
dollars.
Sec. 3. And be ilfurther enacted^ That there shall
be a Secretary of the Territory of California, whose
commission shall continue in force for four years,
or until the said Territory shall have been admit-
ted into the Union, unless sooner revoked by the
President of the United States; he shall reside in
the said Territory, and it shall be his duty, under
the direction of the Governor, to record and pre-
serve all the proceedings and papers of the execu-
tive, and all the acts of the General Assembly, and
to transmit authentic copies of the same, every six
months, to the President of the United States; he
shall aid the Governor, as may be necessary, in
the execution of his official duties; and, in case of
a vacancy in the office of Governor, the duties and
responsibilities of that office shall devolve upon
and continue to be executed by the said Secretary,
until a Governor shall have been appointed and be
ready to enter upon his duties, or until the said
Territory of California shall have been admitted
into the Union. The said Secretary shall be al-
lowed, and paid quarter-yearly at the treasury of
the United States, the annual compensation of
dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of the Territory of California shall be
vested in a General Assembly, which shall consist
of the Governor, a Legislative Council, and a
House of Representatives. The General Assem-
bly shall have power to make laws m "all cases,
both civil and criminal, for the good government
of the people of the said Territory, not repugnant
to nor inconsistent with the constitution and laws
of the United States, and shall have power to es-
tablish inferior courts, and to prescribe their juris-
diction and duties; they shall provide for the ap-
pointment of the judges and other officers of the
said courts; and for the appointment and for defin-
ing the powers and duties of justices of the peace
and other civil officers in and for the said Territo-
ry, and shall regulate and fix the fees of office, and
ascertain and provide, by levying and collecting
an internal revenue m said Territory, for the pay-
ment of the same, and of all other services ren-
dered to the said Territory, under the authority
and for the support of the territorial government
thereof. That every bill that may be passed by a
majority in the House of Representatives, and by
a majority in the legislative council, shall be re-
ferred to the governor for his consideration within
the period of ten days, and-if "he approve he shall
sign it and notify the legislature thereof; but no
bill or legislative act whatever shall become a law,
or be of any force, without his approbation.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative council of the Territory of California shall
consist of nine members, to continue in office live
years, unless sooner removed by the governor of
this Territory—any live of whom shall be a quo-
rum, and they shall be nominated and appointed
in the following manner: As soon as the repre-
sentatives shall have been elected, they shali be
convened by the governor as hereinafter prescribed,
and when organizedAshall nominate to the gover-
nor eighteen persons, who shall have attained the
age of twenty-five years, who shall have been
residents in the said Territory for one year pre-
ceding their nomination, and who shall at the rime
hold no office of profit under the United States, or
this Territory, the office of justice of the peace ex-
cepted, and each of whom shall have been a house-
holder and a resident of said Territory for twelve
months previous; from which eighteen persons the
governor shall appoint and commission nine, to
serve as members of the legislative council of the
Territory of California. And four months before
the expiration of their term of service, or whenever
a vacancy may occur in the legislative council, by
resignation, dea'th, or removal from office, the
house of representatives of this Territory shall
nominate two persons, qualified as aforesaid, for
each vacancy or place to become vacant after the
expiration of their regular term of service, from
whom the governor shall appoint and commission
a sufficient number to complete and preserve the
number of nine members of the legislative council.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, in order
to form fhe house of representatives of the Terri-
tory of California in the first instance, the govern-
or of this Territory shall issue a proclamation
calling upon all tfte male citizens of this Territory,
above the age of twenty-one years, who shall have
made their election under the eighth article of the
treaty aforesaid, to remain citizens^ of the United
States, and upon such white male citizens of the
United States, above the age of twenty-one years,
as shall have resided six months within the said
Territory, and shall have expressed their bcma fide
intention to remain citizens thereof, to meet in pri-
mary assembly on the first Monday in
next, at such points and places, and in such dis-
tricts as the governor may deem most convenient
to the people residing within the boundaries of this
Territory; and the governor shall appoint three
discreet and competent persons, to be designated
in his proclamation, to preside at the meetings to
be held at each of the points or places, and on the
day aforesaid, to be bound by an oath faithfully to
perform their duties as judges of the qualifications
of the citizens aforesaid, and as judges of election;
and the said citizens so assembled and qualified,
shall vote by ballot for such number of delegates
to be assigned to the respective places or districts
in proportion to the ascertained or probable num-
ber of voters in each, as near as can be ascertained
by the governor, so that the whole number elected
shall not exceed twenty-five; and &uch delegates
when duly elected and notified by the judges of
election, shall assemble at the eailiest day practi-
cable, to be appointed by the governor, and at such
place as the governor, by his proclamation, shall
appoint, and shall proceed to organize the house
of representatives of the Territory of California by
the election of a speaker and clerk, and such other
officers as may be proper, and shall determine the
rules of proceeding of that body. They shall then
proceed to nominate eighteen competent and qual-
ified persons, as required in the preceding section,
from whom the governor shall appoint the legisla-
tive council; and when the general assembly shall
have been thus completed, they shall proceed by
law to divide the Territory of California within
the boundaries established by this act into a con-
venient number of counties; shall provide for as-
certaining the number of qualified voters in each
county; shall fix the number and apportion the
representatives to the several counties according to
the number of voters in each; and shall establish
regulations to secure the punty of elections, and
the accuracy of the returns thereof to the governor
of the Territory. The representatives first elected
as aforesaid, shall continue in office for one year
from the day on which their election was held.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That after the
first election, as provided for in the preceding sec-
tion, the house of representatives of the Territory
of California shall be composed of members elected
to serve for two years, according to such apportion-
ment of representatives to population as the gener-
al assembly shall determine to be right; and no
person shall be eligible or qualified to be represent-
ative who shall not have attained the age of
twenty-one years, and who shall not have resided
in this Territory at least one year next preceding
the day of election, and who shall not be a house-
holder within ^e county in which he may be
elected; and no person holding an office under the
United States, or any office of profit under the
Territory, except that of justice of the peace, shall
be a representative. In case of vacancy, by death,
resignation, removal, or otherwise, of a represent-
ative, the governor shall issue a writ to the coun-
ty, in. which a'vacancy may be, aV aforesaid, to
elect another person to serve the residue of the
term.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted^ That the first
general assembly of the Territory of California
shall be convened in the town ofSan Francisco,
and thereafter it shall meet annually on the first
Monday in December, unless a different day may
be appointed by law, or it may be convened by ,the
governor on any extraordinary occasion at such
place as may be fixed upon by law. The legisla-
tive council and house of representatives, when
assembled, shall each choose a speaker, and its
other officers, and determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings. Each house shall siton its own adjourn-
ment from day to day. Neither house shall, during
the session, without consent of the other, adjourn
for more than three days, nor to any other place
than where the two houses shall be sitting. The
members of the general assembly shall in all cases,
except treason, felony, or* breach of the peace, be
privileged from arrest during their attendance at
their respective houses, and in going to, and return-
ing from the same; and for any speech or debate
in either house they shall not be questioned in any
other place.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That all and
every free white male citizen of the*Territory of
California, above the age of twenty-one years, who
may have elected, under the eighth article of the
treaty between the United States and Mexico, of
the 2d of February, 1848, to remain or become cit-
izens of the United States, and all free white male
citizens of the United States who may have resi-
ded in said Territory for twelve months, and who
shall have paid a territorial or county tax, assessed
at least six months previous thereto, shall be enti-
tled to vote for representatives to the general assem-
bly of this Territory ; shall be eligible to, and capa-
ble of holding, any office of honor, trust, or profit,
in the said Territory, under the United States, or
under the said Territory, and shall be entitled to
vote for a delegate to the Congress of the United
States, during the temporary government provided
for this Territory by this act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the ju-
dicial power in the Territory of California shall
be vested in a superior court, and in inferior courts,
and justices of the peace. The judges of the su-
perior and inferior courts, and justices of the
peace, shall be appointed by the Governor, by and
with the advice and consent of the Legislative
Council, and shall hold their offices for the term of
four years, unless sooner removed by the Gov-
ernor; the superior court shall consist of three
judges, who shall reside in the said Territory, any
two of whom shall constitute a court. The said
Territory shall be divided into thiee judicial cir-
cuits, in each of which there "shall be two terms of
a circuit court held in each year, each of which
terms shall be held by one of the three judges of
the superior court, at such times and places within
each circuit as may be determined upon by the
General Assembly for the general convenience of
the people; and there shall be one annual term of
the superior court held at the seat of government
of the Territory, at such time as the general as-
sembly shall prescribe. The inferior or circuit
courts shall have the ordinary and common law-
jurisdiction, and the superior court shall have ju-
risdiction m all criminal cases, and exclyswe juris-
diction in all those that are capital, and original
and appellate jurisdiction in all civil cases of the
value of at least one hundred dollars. The ses-
sions of the superior and inferior courts shall con-
tinue until all the business depending shall be dis-
posed of, or for such time as may be prescribed by
the general assembly. The superior and inferior
courts shall, respectively, appoint their clerks,
sheriffs, and other necessary officers, who shall be
commissioned by the Governor, and shall hold
their offices during the temporary government of
the said Territory, unless sooner removed by the
court All free white male citizens having the
qualifications of electors, as required by the tenth
section of this act, and are not disqualified by any
}ecral proceeding, and are possessed of the'quali-
fications known to the common law, shall be quali-
fied to serve as grand or petit jurors in the courts
of the said Territory; and they shall, until the
General Assembly thereof shall otherwise direct,
