1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
be permitted to say, that he thought this Govern-
ment was called upon to render justice; to meet
out the same measure of justice to those who
served in the war of 1812 and 1815, and during
the Indian wars, and those under General Wayne,
as to others. They could not blind their eyes so
much as not to see the propriety of rendering jus-
tice to those soldiers, as well as to those who fought
the battles of the country in Mexico. Would
gentlemen tell him that the small quantity of pub-
lic land that was proposed to be bestowed upon
those people, was of so much consequence to this
nation, that it ought not to be given? A gentle-'
man near him had taken the pains to procure from
the Adjutant General's office a statement showing
the number of troops that had been employed in
the war against Mexico, showing how many were
employed in the war of 1812, and how many m
Florida and the other Indian wars. From the
estimate of the gentleman, it appealed that it boun-
ties were given to the whole ofrthese men, the
amount would not exceed twerity-two millions of
acres. This was no such mighty quantity, that
it would impoverish this Government; but it would
be remembered, that half of these men at least,
were no longer living, and a simple act of justice,
such as had been rendered to those who served in
Mexico, should no longer be refused by this Gov-
ernment to those who were yet lingering about
the Halls of Congress, and appealing to the na-
tion's giatitude. He was proud to have an oppor-
tunity to stand here the advocate of the rights of
those gallant men, than whom braver or more
patriotic never trod a battle-field, or walked upon
the face of the earth."  
He withdrew the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Marshall,
Mr. HUBBARD begged leave to say to those
who were friendly to the bill, that he had prepared
an amendment, which had been accepted by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] in lieu of
his amendment, and by the gentleman trom Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] who had also looked at
it, and preferred it to his own. It embraced the
amendment which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McClernand] had introduced, and with the
consent of the gentleman from Kentucky, he
would offer it.
Mr. KERR inquired if the amendment of the
o-entleman from Alabama embraced the proposi-
tion which he (Mr. K.) had made?
Hr. HUBBARD (apparently not understanding
the precise tenor of the inquiry) replied, that n
■was a substitute which the gentlemen to whom he
had referred had accepted in lieu of their own
amendments. He would explain its provisions,
if they could have a little order.
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to
oi dsr.
Mr. HUBBARD said, he would state, for the
information of those who desired the passage of
some bill of this sort, that the amendment he
proposed provided for all classes of service of
sixty days and over; it gave forty acres of land
to whose who had served sixty days or over, and
not exceeding six months; to those who had served
for any period between six and twelve months,
eighty acres; and for services exceeding twelve
months, one hundred and sixty acres. That was
the proposition; it could readily be understood by
all. It included militia sei vices, and services in
the Indian wars, as well as services in the regular
army; it excluded all those who had heretofore
received bounties for their services; and it left the
execution of the law as provided in the Mexican
bounty land law. These were simply the propo-
sitions of his substitute. He hoped the friends of
the bill would unite upon it. It embraced all
those cases, or nearly a,H those, which had been
proposed to be provided for by any proposition i
offered, and he thought would unite more strength }
in its favor than any other measure which had
been brought forward, if it were defective, it
could be amended after it was received.
Mr. H 's proposition was read, as follows:
Amend, by inserting after the word "that' in
the third line, the following: I
a The benefit"! and rights conferral hy the ninth section |j
of the act entitled ' An act to raise, for a limited time, an j
military force, and for other purposes,' approved i
Febiuary 11,1847, shall be and the same are hereby ex- {
tended, in manner as follows: that is" , , • I
Amend by striking out all after the word " pn-s i
vate>" in the fourth line, and inserting the follow-
ing:
'• Who served in tne regular army, or in any company or
command ot volunteers, rangers, or militia in the Indian
war, in the northwest, prior to itie treaty of Greenville, in
1794, or in the late war with (item Britain, or in any Indian
war between the years 1811 and 1842, twelve months or
more, shall be entitled to a bounty ot 160 acres of laud, or
who served six months or more 80aeies, or wno served sixty
days or more 40 acres: Provided, always, That said non-
commissioned officer, musician, or private, has not received
a bounty oi land heretofore, and is not shown to have been
di.-honoral>ly discharged by the rolls : JPiouidcd, aUo, That
the bounties herein gianted -ha]! be suhjuet to the same
rules of descent prescribed by the aloresaid act, and the act
or acta amendatory ol the same: Provided, further, That no
4 treasmy tecrip,' auihouited by &aid act ol Februaiy 11,
1847, shall be authorized or ts&ued under this act."
Mr. HOWE addressed the Chair, and was rec-
ognized.
Mr. KERR made the point of order, that the
question was first on his amendment, it having
been moved as an amendment to the amendment
of Mr. Marshall.
Mr. HOWK claimed the floor, and appealed to
Mr. Hubbard to withdraw his amendment, to
give him an opportunity (by renewing it) to ad-
dress the committee.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
—the result of which was, that
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew his amendment:
Thus, by the decision of the Chair, leaving the
question on the amendment offered by Mr. Hub-
sard to the original bill.
Mr. KERR proposed to move his proposition
as an amendment to the amendment of Mr. Hub-
bard.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the gentleman
had not the floor for the purpose—the right to it
being m the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Howe,
Some further conversation followed between
Messrs. Preston King, Jones, McClernand,
and the Chan man.
Mr. JONES made the point of order on the
amendment of Mr. Hubbard.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. JONES appealed fiom the decision.
Mr. SACKEf'T asked that the amendment
might be read.
Mr. McCLERNAJJD called for tellers on the
appeal.
The amendment of Mr Hubbard was read.
And, pending the question on the appeal, the
committee rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 20, 1850.
Mr. CLAY, his known, Mr. President, I dare
say, to a number of Senators, that last fall we had
a Convention in the Stale of Kentucky, it was
composed of one hundred delegates, representing
all parts of the State. They formed a constitution,
which was submitted to the popular voice, and ihe
convention adjourned to meet again during this
present month, after the people should have passed
upon the new constitution. They accordingly met
again, coming from every county m the Common-
wealth. They were composed of rather a large
portion of Democrats, and the residue Whigs,
and just at the moment of their adjournment, after
giving the finishing hand to the constitution, they
adopted these resolutions:
« At a meemi" composed of the delegates to the constitu-
tional convention ol Kentucky, the lUtli day ot June, 1850, for
the purpose OI taking into consideration the compromise Mlli-
mi'ttMl by theCommitlecol Thirteen and now pending heloro
Congress, K. Apperson, of Monlsouiery, was called to the
chair, and James H. Gariard, ot Clay county, >\ as appointed
secretary. Colonel T. P. Mooi e, of Mercei, then offered the
billowing preamble and re-olutions. The thud resolution
was ami- nded, and the whole wa> then unanimously adopted:
" Whereas H was the declaration ot" the wise and patri-
otic men who framed the Federal Constitution that the object
and intent ol tlmtinstiinnent was to secure the people ol the
United Slates that liberty which the Revolution had achieved:
arid whereas the su sequent experience has demonstrated
the wise and wonderful adaption ot that means to this end :
therefore,
'■Resolced, That we, the delegates to the constitutional
convention of the State of Kentucky, representing every
county in the Commonwealth, and nearly equally by ttie
two great parlies ol the State, most earnestly d( precate what-
ever threatens the integrity ot that veneiated chaiter of our
liberties.
I'Raolveth That it lathe highest effort of patriotism to en-
! deavor to allay ihe spirit of discoid engendered by gengrapM-
| cal divisions, rather thau by conflicting interests, which, at
I tlua juncture, darken# the political firmament.
"Resolved, That we cordially approve the patriotic endeavor
of the Committee of Thirteen to reconcile tlie exit ting differ-
ences between the northern and southern sections of our
Confederacy, and that Kentucky w il gwe her undivided
support in th« attainment of an object so necessary for the
welfare of our common country.
"Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing preamble ond
t resolutions be traiifennttt d !y the secretary to i-aeh of the
Senators and Representatives in Congr^s from Kentucky*
te R. APlMiRSON, Chairman,
"J. H. Garrard, Secretary
I will only add that it gives me great pleasure to
say that, during a life which is not very short, I
have never known the people of Kentucky so
united, to a degree almost amounting to unanimity,
as they are in favor of the report of the'Committee
of Thirteen of,this body. I will simply present
these resolutions, and ask that they be laid upon
the table.
The resolutions were received and laid upon the
table.
DEBATES IN THE CALIFORNIA CONVENTION.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to which was
referred a resolution submitted by Mr. Walker
on the 5ih instant, to rescind a resolution for the
purchase of the debates of the California Conven-
tion, reported the same with an amendment direct-
ing the Secretary to purchase two thousand copies
of said debates, at a price not exceeding f 1 50 per
volume.
Mr. RUSK. Is this an arrangement with the
owner of the book ?
Mr. WALKER It is not. The resolution
which it is proposed to rescind was adopted in
April, before the book was published, and Mr.
Brown, the publisher, then incurred some expense
in preparing to deliver the work which the Senate
by that resolution directed its Secretary to pur-
chase, which he would not otherwise hove incurred.
To rescind the resolution which has been adopted
would cause some embarrassment to Mr. Brown,
and perhaps he would have some cause of com-
plaint against the Senate. But if the Senate should
adopt the resolution now reported, 1 believe Mr.
Brown would accede to it. If this were an origi-
nal resolution, even at $1 50 per volume, 1 should
have been opposed to it; but under all the circum-
stances of the case, I shall give it my support.
Mr. RUSK. This is not a book which belongs
to the Senate. This gentleman, at his own cost,
reported the debates and proceedings in the Cali-
fornia Convention, and has published them in a
volume, the expense of which must have been
considerable; and it seems to me that to insist upon
a reduction of the price to §1 50 is to deal hardly
with him. The debates in other conventions are,
I believe, much higher. Those of the Kentucky
Convention are published at j5 per volume.
Mr. WALKER. I concede that theie is tnuch
force m what the Senator from Texas ha3 said;
and gentlemen can accomplish the object which
some around me have, by laying the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KING. I do not profess to know much
about this matter, but the price seems to me to be
enormously high. I suggest whether it would
not be better to ascertain what would be a fair
price, yea, a liberal price, and then make this man
such acompensation forhis book as may be deemed
fair and liberal, if we cannot get the book at a fair
price, the question will present itself whether we
should take it all. For myself, one, copy will be
amply sufficient; and I cannot consent to vote for
the printing of any such book for general circula-
tion. However, as it is- represented that this in-
dividual has been induced to incur some expense
in the preparation of these books, I am content to
give him a fair price for them, though I think that
$2 is extravagantly high.
Mr. WALKER. The resolution now reported
reduces the price to $ I 50.
Mr. KING. Well, 1 will leave it to others who
are better acquainted with the matter than I am to
sav whether $1 50 is too high.
Mr. WA.LKER. Under oidmary circumstan-
ces I should be opposed to it, too. I have received
a letter from the publisher, which [ request the
Secretary to read.
The Secretary accordingly read a letter from
Mr. Brown, containing a general statement of ex-
penses incurred in the preparation of the matter
