1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20.
for this work, and comparing the proposed price
with the price of the debates of other conventions.
He had received 810,000 from the California Con-
vention for reporting and publishing their debates
and proceedings and i'urnishing them with a fixed
number of copies m English, a smaller edition lit
Spanish, and for the copies that he might sell he
charged $2. The debates and proceedings of the
Kentucky Convention were sold at $5 a volume,
although the Stale jaaid the reporter, and also the
printer for the original publication.
Mr. DOWiNS. I hope the resolution reported
by the committee will pass. 1 believe in that re-
solution the pub isher will acquiesce. It certainly
appears to me that there has been something ap-
pioaching to a contract with this gentleman, under
the first resolution. I understand that alter the
adoption of that resolution, he made ariangements
to publish his woik at a gieater expense than he
■would otherwise have incurred, and hence, it we
do not pay the $,2, we should at least take the work
at the reduced price of $1 50. We are very fre-
quently publishing less valuable and less useful
documents at a much greater price. The debates
in the California Convention every Senator has
been using for some time, for copies have been
laid upon our tables, and theiefoie, under all the
circumstances of the case, i hope the resolution
will be adopted.
Mr. BEiNTON. For many years we have been
pui chasing books uuiil we have almost bioken
down under the system, if this is now to be done,
1 wish to have it put on the record, and therefore
1 call for the yeas and nays on the final passage of
the resolution.
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not know that I dis-
tinctly understand thismatter, but if 1 do it is this:
In the early part of the session a resolution was
adopted requiring our Secretary to procure for the
use of the Senate 2,000 copies oi tins book. Theie
is no compromise under that resolution, unless the
Secretaiy has made a contiact. If he has made
none, we are under no obligation to take the books.
X am now prepared to 'Ate for a resolution to re-
scind the resolution some time since adopted, and
against the amendment now piesented to the
Senate. From the letter of the publisher of this
woik which hits been read here to-day, 1 learn un-
equivocally that he will make no reduction, and
that he looks upon it as a contract. Wtiose fault
is it that he does so ? It is his own, and that is his
misfortune; and we certainly cannot be called upou
to make good any losses he may have sustained.
1 am satisaed that boiler books, m better binding,
and heuer in every point of view, can be pur-
chased at h ill the price.
Mr. bADGEK.. In answer to a question which
has bean put, I beg simply to slate that 1 under-
stand the Secretary, on learning the piice ot this
book, declined to make any contiact under the res-
olution, until he should receive tuuher directions
from the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I concur in the views of the Sen-
ator from Missoun wall regard to these books. I
have tried on several occaaions to promote more
economy in the purchase of books for this body,
but it seems that economy here runs in veins. 1
tried it wher, Mr. King's California leport, was
before this body, but it seemed that 1 did not then
strike the i ight vein. So anxious lias the Senate
been to publish and circulate books, that I believe
in one instance some 1500 or 15,000 copies were
given to the author of it lor his own use. 1 wish
to see some discrimination in the publication of
works, and as 1 hitherto failed to hit the right vein,
1 at>k uiheis to mtorrn me if there is not some law
of physical geography or otherwise, by which we
may know when practical i conoiny may beapphed r
Mr. DOWNS. The resolution adopted uy the
Senate directed the Secretary 10 procute from Mr.
J. Ross Brown two thousand copies of the debates
arid proceedings in the Caitornia Convention,
provided the same could be furnished at a sum not
exceeding the price to subscrib rs and others.
How, 1 do not say that there has been a contiact
entered into, but there was such an assurancegtven
by the adoption of th-s resolution as to induce t-ie
puoiu-her ij incur fome expense in their prepara-
tion. The resolution directs the Secretary to buy
a certain number of copies at the price at which
the publisher should sell them to others, and lie
tells us that his price is ^2. That resolution
means something; he proceeded to publish the
Look> and I think as a matter of justice the book
should be taken. I am not. generally m fuVor of
encouraging tht purchase of books, but this work
has been tead and used by Senators lor sometime
past, and now that we have got alL the advantage
of the booK, we ought not to turn round and say,
you ask too much lor it. 1 hope the resolution win
L>e adopted.
Mr. RUSK. The original resolution was passed
some time ago, before the publication of the book;
and if it did not operate as an inducement to this
publisher, I do not know what would be an induce-
ment. He has gone on and produced his book,
and now it is not a question wnether we will buy
it. It' we did not intend to take the book, we
should not have ind. ced this man to have incurred
expense in its publication. In the adoption of such
resolutions we should be more guarded. This res-
olution is in such loose terms that if it was now
belore us as an original resolution I would not vote
for it; but being passed, we cannot refuse to lake
the books.
Mr. PRATT. On this subject there is no nega-
tive side, it we vote against tins resolution the
original resolution remains in force. Some ot us
are opposed to paying anything for the purchase
of these books, but unless the question can in some
way be divided we have no ntguiive.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think the Senator from
Maryland wili find no difficulty in the case, for if
we vote down the amendment now reported by
the committee we may voLe lor the adoption of the
resolution to rescind me ouginal resolution.
Alter a Jew words fiom Mi. BRiGrHT and
otheis, tne amendment was adopted as reported
by the committee.
Mr. BEN ION withdrew his call for the yeas
and nays, and the resolution as amended was
adopted, as Iollows:
Resolved, Thiit the resolution of the Senate, adopted the
loltidiy oi April la&t, duunmiiiiii tue pmUM e troni Joun
li s* Brown or two imnvdnu or thu debates in the
California Convention, be and tlte fdiue la heieuy rescinded;
and tnat tilt: saiu rfeciet.uy by directed to paicliase two
titou.-aod copis s ot !-aui deb-tte- HlapiiCt; nut txeeLdiug one
dollar and imy cents pet volume.
THE CALEB GRIMSHAW.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which were reieried the several me-
morials relatn-g to the conduct of Captain David
Cook in saving the crew of the American ship
Caleb Grimshaw, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing the presentation of a gold medal to David
Cook, mastei of the English baique Saiah.
On the motion of Mr. KING, tne resolution was
re id a first and second tunc, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to its consideration as m Committee of the
Whole. *
Mr. KING. The resoluiion now before the
Senate, 1 presume, is sufficiently plain. It explains
i seif. Perhans there has n«5t, in the history of
our times, been manifested greater liberality and
greater devotion to the calls of humanity than wete
manifested by this individual in endeavoring to
save the ship Caleb Grimsijaw. That vessel had
been burning lor many days, and a portion of the
crew attempted to make their escape. Some thirty
or forty ot the persons on board of her did escape;
the residue, consisting of some three hundred and
ninety pussengeis, in the last extremity, when tne
fiie was* aoout bu sting thiough the decks, were
rescued by this individual, and taken on board his
vessel, wiieie he treated them with gieat kindness,
and furnished them with everything which it wasin
his power to lurnic-h them; and he took theni into
port to the American Consul, who sent them home,
i hope this joint resolution win be passed unatn-
I mou&ly; for 1 think we shou.d give this slight
I token ot our estimation of such honorable service.
No amendment being olieied, the resolution was
reported back to tlie Senate mid ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was lead a third
li.rie and passed.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill supple-
mentary to the act entitled " An act providing tor
the taking ot* the seventh and subsequent censuses
ot the United States, and to hx the number of the
membeis of the House of Representatives, and to
piovide for the future apportionment among the
several Siates."
The bill was read by its title. s
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 ask the Senate to con-
sider this bill at this time without referring it to a
committee. After drawing up the bill 1 sent it to
the Secretary of the Interior to ascertain whether
It would be satisfactory to him,.and 1 have re-
ceived his approval of it. As the Senate will ad-
journ over to-moriow to Monday, I hope it will
be disposed of to-day.
The bill was taken up for consideration as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLAY. Unless there is some great ur-
gency, i think it expedient to print the bill, so
that we may see if its provisions may not be still
further extended. i should be glad to see some
provision by which we shall obtain a full descrip-
tion of the population in the territories, whether
civilized or uncivilized, Americans or Mexicans,
Spanish or otherwise.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know that
there is any piessmg necessity for its passage to-
day ; but it is important that some provision should
be made to pay the expense o( taking the census
in California and Oregon, as I have been informed
that the sum now allowed is insufficient.
Mr. CLAY. So i supposed, but let it lie over
until Monday. ' *
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection.
The further consideration of the subject was
therefore postponed to Monday next, and the bill
was ordered to be printed.
ALABAMA RAILROAD.
Mr. KING said he was not in the habit of ask-
ing indulgence at the hands of the Senate, but he
would be gratified if the body would indulge him
by taking up the bill JNo. 37, being the bill grant-
ing to the State of Alabama the right of way and a
donation of public land for making a railroad from
Selma to the Tennessee river.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING. 1 now move to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a substitute which
1 have piepared in precisely the same terms, ex-
cept as to the names of the termini, as the bills
| which the Senate has passed withm a few days
for the State of Missouri and others. This pro-
posed railroad is designed to connect the Tennes-
see river with Mobile bay. The amendment pro-
poses to grant alternate sections of land to the
State for that purpose, doubling the price of the
sections reserved. As the country through which
the line will pass has been well picked already,
we shall receive but little; but still there are some
lands that it will be desirable to have, on account
of the timber upon them. This line, I may add,
will pass through the mineral region of Alabama,
which it is desirable to open. This biii may grant
but little to Alabama, but still, the little that it
does give may facilitate the construction of that
I road, and afford the means of transporting to
; maiket the productions of the mines.
i The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
I then reported to the Senate, the amendment con-
jj curred in, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
j a third reading, and was read a thud time and
RAILROADS.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the following me-
morials: From citizens of Iowa on the subject of
a railroad from the Missouri uvertothe Pacific;
resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa m favor of
a grant of land for a railroad from Davenport to
Council Bluffs; several memorials of citizens of
Illinois for a giant of land lor the Alton and Terre
Haute railroad; memorial of citizens of Iowa for
a grant of land for a railroad from Burlington to
| Council Bluffs; and two memorials from citizens
of Jowa relative to a railroad from Davenport to
Council Bluffs, asked to be dischargt-d from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
! referred the bill granting to the State of Missds-
1 sippi the right of way and a donation of public
| land for the purpose of locating and constructing
a railroad from Brandon to the eastern border of
said State, in the direction of Montgomeiy, Ala-
bama, reported back the same with an amendment
striking out ail after the enacting clause and sub-
stituting a new bill.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill granting to the States of Alabama
and Mississippi, respectively, a donation of* public
lands, to .aid in the construction of a railroad from
the city of Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio river,
