170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1%
be selected in such a manner as the said courts
shall respectively prescribe, so as to be most con-
ducive to an impartial trial, and least burdensome
to the inhabitants of- the said Territory. The
compensation to the judges, and the compensation
and fees of the other officers and persons employed
in the service of the courts and in the administra-
of justice^ shall be fixed by the general assembly,
and paid out of the revenue to he provided by the
general assembly from the said Territory, for de-
fraying the expenses of its government.
Sec. XI. And be it further enacted, That the said
Territory of California, as established by this act,
shall constitute one judicial district of the United
States, to be known as the district of California,
and a district court shall be established and held
therein, to consist of one judge, who shall reside in
the said district and be called a district judge. He
shall hold, at the seat of government of said Terri-
tory, three sessions of the said district court annu-
ally, the first to commence on the first Monday in
the month next succeeding the establishment of
the court, and the other sessions* progressively, on
the first Monday in every fourth calendar month
thereafter* He shall in all things have and exer-
cise the same jurisdiction and powers which were
>by law given to thejudgeof the Kentucky district,
by the act entitled "An act to establish the judi-
cial courts of the United States," and an'act enti-
tled "An act in addition to the act entitled 'An
act to establish the judicial courts of the United
States,' " approved the 2d day of March, 1793,
and the acts supplementary thereto, and all other
jurisdiction and power which have been or may
be, by law, vested in and exercised by the district
courts of the United States. The said judge shall
appoint a clerk for the said district, who shall re-
side and keep the records of the court at the place
of holding the same, and shall receive, for the ser-
vices performed by him, the same fees to which
the clerk of the Kentucky district, or the clerks of
the district courts of the United States, are by law
entitled for similar services; and the said judge
shall be allowed and paid quarter-yearly, at the
Treasury of the United States, the annual com-
pensation of dollars^
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed in the said district of California
a person learned in the law, to act as attorney for
the United States, who shall, in addition to his
stated fees, be paid, at the Treasury of the United
States, two hundred dollars annually, as a full
compensation for all extra services.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That a mar-
shal shall be appointed for the said district of Cal-
ifornia, who shall perform the same duties, be
subject to the same regulations and penalties,'and
be entitled to the same fees, as are provided for,
and prescribed to, marshals in other districts of
the United States; and shall,moreover, be entitled
to the sum of two hundred dollars, annually, as a
compensation for all extra services, to be paid at
the Treasury of the United States. <
Sec. 14. Andbe it further enacted, That the gov-
ernor, secretary, district judge, district attorney,
and maishnl forthe said districtof California,shall
be appointed by the President of the United States,
m the same manner arid upon the same tenure of
office as such officers are nowappointed under the !
laws of the United States; and that the governor,
secretary, district judge, district attorney, and mar-
shal, and all other officers of the Territory, civil,
military, and judicial, as well as the members of
the legislative council, and the members of the
house of representatives of the Territory of Cali-
fornia, shall, before they enter upon the duties of
their respective offices, take an oath or affirmation
to support the Constitution of the United States,
and to discharge with fidelity the duties of their
respective offices; the said oaths or affirmations to
|>e taken before the governor, district judge, a
juda:e of the superior or inferior couits, ora justice
of the peace, and to be placed upon the judicial
records of the Territory.
Sec. 15. Andbe it further enacted, That at the
first election of representatives to the general as-
sembly of the Territory of California, under this
act, the qualified electors according to this act
shall ^ote for and electa competent and duly qual-
ified person as a delegate from the said Territory
to the Congress of the United States, who shall
possess the same powers, enjoy the same privi-
leges, and receive the same compensation as has
n gJwnted and secured by law to the delegate to
the Congress of the United- States from the Terri-
tory of Oregon.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That all the
ports, harbors, shores, and waters of the Territory
of California, as described in this act, be divided
into and shall' constitute two collection districts,
and' two ports of entry; and such ports of delivery,
not exceeding four, as may be considered neces-
sary by the President of the United States, shall
be established at such places as may be deemed
most advantageous to the public interest and con-
venience; and'two collectors of the customs, and'
such surveyors of the customs, not exceeding four,
as may be necessary, shall be appointed by the
President as other officers of the customs are ap-
pointed under the law. The compensation to
each of the collectors to be derived from the fees
allowed by law shall not exceed the sum of
dollars per annum; and that to each of the survey-
ors shall not exceed the sum of dollars per
annum.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the peo-
ple of the said Territory of California shall al-
ways be entitled to a proportionate representation
in the general assembly; to judicial proceedings
according to the common law, and the laws and
usages in force in the said Territory, not incom-
patible with the Constitution of the United States;
to the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus. In all
criminal cases the trial shall be by a jury of good
and lawful men of the vicinage. All persons shall
be bailable, unless for capital offences, where the
proof shall be evident or the presumption great.
All fines shall be moderate, and no cruel or unusual
punishment shall be inflicted. No person shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, but by the
judgment of his peers, and the law of the land.
If the public exigencies make it necessary, forthe
common pteservation, to take the property of any
person, or to demand his particular services, full
compensation shall be made for the same. No
ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of
contracts, shall be made. No law shall be made
which shall lay any person under restraint, burden,
or disability, on account of his religious opinions,
professions, or mode of worship; in all of which
he shall be free to maintain his own, and not bur-
dened for those of another. Religion, morality,
and knowledge being necessary to good govern-
ment and the happiness of mankind, schools and
the means of education shall be encouraged and
provided for from the public lands of the United
States in the said Territory of California, in such
manner as Congress may deem expedient.
Sec. 18. And be it farther enacted, That the gen-
eral assembly of the Territory of California shall
never interfere with the primary disposal of the
public lands, or soil, by the United States in Con-
gress assembled, nor with any regulation Congress
may find necessary to make for securing the title
in the bona fide purchasers. No tax shall ever be
imposed on lands the property of the United States.
The lands of non-resident proprietors shall never
be taxed higher than those of residents. The
navigable waters within the boundaries of the said
Territory, and the carrying places between the
same, shall be common highways, and forever free
to the people of the said Territory, and to the citi-
zens of the United States, without any toll, tax,
duty, or impost therefor.
DESERET.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act, all that part of
California embraced within the following bounda-
ries, that is to say: beginning at the point on the
forty-second degree of north latitude, or the north-
ern boundary of California, where it is intersected
by the one hundred and sixteenth degree of west
longitude; thence due east, with the said northern
boundary of California, until it shall strike the
northern point of the eastern boundary of Califor-
nia as it has heretofore existed; thence south, by
and with the said eastern boundary line, until it
shall arrive at the northern point of the western
boundary line of New Mexico; thencc south-
wardly, by and with the said western boundary
line of New Mexico, until it shall strike the bound- j
ary line established between the United States and !
Mexico, by the treaty concluded at Guadalupe j
Hidalgo, the second day of February, 1848; thence j
westwardly, by and with the said last men- 1
tioned.boundary line, to its intersection by the one I
hundred and sixteenth degree of west longitudfe; 1
th'ence north, by and with the said degree of west
longitude, to the point of beginning; shall form a
separate Territory, to be known and called the
Territory of Deseret: Provided■, That nothing iry
this act contained shall be construed to impair the
rights of persons or property now pertaining to
the Indians in said Territory, so long as such
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty be-
tween the United States and such Indians; or to
affect the authority of the Government of the States
to make any regulation respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent to the Government to make if this act had
never passed: And provided, further, That nothing
in this act contained shall be construed to inhibit
the Government of the United States from dividing
said Territory into two or more Territories, in such
manner, and at such times, as Congress shall deem
convenient and proper; or from attaching any por-
tion of said Territory to any other State or Terri-
tory of the United States.
[Here follow the same provisions relative to
Deseret, as those relative to California, from sec-
tion 2 to 18, inclusive, except section 16, which ap-
plies only to California.]
NEW MEXICO.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act, all that part of
the territory of the United States called New
Mexico, acquired by the treaty of peace, friend-
ship, limits, and settlement, between the United
States of America and the Mexican Republic, con-
cluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the second of
February, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and
not included within the boundaries of the State
of Texas, as laid down in the act of the Republic
of Texas of the year 1836, entitled an " Act to
define the boundaries of the Republic of Texas,"
shall be organized into and constitute a temporary
government, by the name of the Territory of New
Mexico: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to impair the rights of
persons or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory, so long as such rights shall re-
main unextinguished by treaty between the Uni-
ted States and such Indians: or to affect the au-
thority of the Government of the United States,
to make any regulation respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty,
law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent to the Government to make if this act had
never passed : And provided, further, That nothing
in this act contained shall be constiued to in-
hibit the Government of the United States from
dividing said Territory into two or more Territo-
ries, in such manner, and at such times, as Con-
gress shall' deem convenient and proper; or from
attaching any portion of said Territory to any
other State or Territory of the United States.
[Here follow the same provisions relative to New
Mexico, as those relative to California, from sec-
tion 2 to 18, inclusive, except section 16, which
applies only to California.]
Sec. 53. Andbeit further enacted, That the con-
stitution and laws of the United States are hereby
extended over, and declared to be in full force in
the said Territories of California, Deseret, and
New Mexico, so far as the same, or any provision
or part thereof, may be applicable to the said Ter-
ritories respectively.
JACINTO.
Sec. 54. Andbeit further enacted, That with the
consent of the State of Texas, first had and ob-
tained, the people of that portion of said State of
Texas, included within the boundaries heieinafter
designated, be and they are hereby authorized to
form for themselves a constitution and State govern-
ment; and the said State, when so formed, provided
that its constitution be republican in character,
and not repugnant to the Constitution of the United
States, shall be admitted into the Union upon an
equal footing with the original States, m all respects
whatsoever; said new State to be designated as the
State of Jacinto, or by such other name as the
people thereof shall select for themselves.
Sec. 55. And be it further enacted, That the said
State of Jacinto shall consist of all the territory
embraced in the following boundaries, to wit: be-
ginning at the mouth of the Brasos river, and in
the middle thereof, and running by and with the
middle thereof to the point of intersection of the
northern boundary line of the State of Texas, aa
