17 %
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
E resent style of public printing. Sir, it ought to
e and it must be reformed, and that at the earliest
period, and I for one have determined to move in
it, and to lend my efforts to its improvement.
As he understood the law, the printers were
bound to furnish samples of the work, and the
style in which they were willing to execute it for
the price named; and he was in favor of compelling
an execution in accordance with the sample for all
past contracts, and of requiring a far superior
quality of paper and work for the future. Merely
to dock the printer a few dollars, because, in the
opinion of the committee, the work did not come
up to the requirements of the contract, was in his
opinion no remedy at all; it saved a few dollars,
but it left the printing in any style of wretched-
ness almost that the printer might choose. This
was not at all what we sought for; what he wanted
was work of excellent quality, on good, firm, clear,
white paper, the whole to be well and substan-
tially bound .for preservation; such documents, in
Bhort, as at least equaled in execution those of the
State Legislatures, and such as we would not be
ashamed to offer to foreign governments in ex-
change for those which they were in the habit of
sending to us.
If some reform were not effected in the public
printing, he pledged himself to bring in a resolu-
tion which should compel its proper execution.
He, for one, was tired of sending out public docu-
ments which, so far as mechanical execution was
concerned, were a disgrace to the country.
He now desired to ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Mc Willie] a question. It was this:'
Whether the committee had yet received any proof
sheets of the style in which the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on commerce and naviga-
tion was to be executed, or any proofs^ofthe style
and manner of any of the public documents?
Mr. McWILLIE said that the proposition which
the committee had received was under the rates of
the general contract for the printing of the House.
As yet, the committee had had no specimens how
the work was to be done; but when it was brought
in, the committee and the House could see whether
it was well done or not. i
Mr. EVANS desired to ask the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] another question:
Had not the committee samples of the style in
which the public printing was to be executed, and
were they not empowered to see that the work
was equal to the sample ?
Mr. McWILLIE said that the samples were
under the general contract made by the Clerk and
the Speaker, as he (Mr. McW.) understood, be-
fore the adjournment of the last, Congress. The
committee would see that the work was done ac-
cording to contract.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he believed it had
been proposed by the Committee on Printing, that
ten thousand extra copies of this report should
be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, was making
a remark or inquiry in another part of the House
whilst Mr. McClerntand was speaking.
Mr. McCLERNAND claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER stated to Mr. Thompson that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McCleiinand]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON took his seat.
Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded with his re-
marks. He said (addressing the Chair) that he
understood that the committee proposed that ten
thousand extra copies of this report should be
printed.
The SPEAKER said that such was the number.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether the
number reported by the Committee on Printing
was the usual number ?
Mr. McWILLIE said he did not know certain-
ly, but believed Jt was.
Mr. McCLERNAND was unwilling to say that
he would not vote for an extra number of the
document, say 5,000, but he was decidedly op-
posed to the large number proposed by the Com-
mittee on Printing. The report on commerce and
navigation was, probably, a valuable document;
but, as a source of practical information, it was
valuable chiefly in the hands of navigators, mer-
chants, and boards of trade. It was such a docu-
ment as the mass of the people would neither have
lteisure nor taste to trace into its arithmetic details.
They would rather refer to the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, where they would
find a sufficiently specific statement of commerce
and navigation, and of the amounts of our exports
and imports. There would be found a summary
statement equally reliable,and certainly more easy
of comprehension. The number he had pro-
posed, 5,000, with the number already ordered for
the use of the House,would afford a sufficient num-
ber to satisfy any useful demand of the country.
It was true that a sort of fictitious consequence
had been given to this document. A Senator had
lately moved the printing of some 10,000 or 15,000
'extra copies of this document upon an indorse-
ment by him of its great merits, and that indorse-
ment had been responded to here by gentlemen of
the sam6 party—of that party who claimed to be
the peculiar patrons of commerce and internal im-
provements; but who have furnished - quite as
strong evidence that they favor these objects as
much for the advancement of political and partisan
schemes as for the advancement and development
of the interests of the country.
There was another reason upon which Mr. McC.
opposed the report of the committee: it was this,
that under the contract system the cost of public
printing was almost a waste of public money. The
history of public printing was instructive upon the
point of economy in that connection. Upon the
removal of the Government from Philadelphia to
Washington, Mr. Duane was elected public printer.
The system established by that election continued
until about 1817, when it was substituted by the
contract system, which continued until 1819, when
it was rejected, repudiated as defective and un-
worthy. In 1819 the prior system was restored in
the election of Gales & Seaton, which was continued
until about 1844, when, at the instance of an ex-
member of Congress from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,]
.a law was passed requiring President Tyler to let
the printing of the Executive by contract. This
movement originated, probably, in personal hos-
tility to President Tyler. In 1846 the contract
system was renewed, applying also to the printing
of Congress, since which time it has been in op-
eration. And what of its operation? It is unde-
niable that our printing has been wretchedly exe-
cuted—wretchedly executed in manner and in re-
gard to time. It often came too late for public use;
and when it came, it came upon inferior paper and
in inferior style. This had been predicted by
skillful men in the first place, and it was now pre-
dicted that the public printing executed under this
system would have to be renewed in the course of
a few years. The ink would spread and the im-
pression fade and a reprint must be ordered. It
probably would be economy to abolish the system
at once—even at the expense of some §5,000,
$10,000, or $15,000, paid as an indemnity.
For the-double reason, therefore, that the num-
ber of the document proposed to be printed by the
committee is unnecessarily large, and that it would
be a waste of public money to print so large a
number under the contract system, he should vote
for a reduction of the number.
Mr, THOMPSON, of Kentucky, remarked that,
as to the importance oi this particular document, he
simply wished to say, that it certainly was of great
impoitance to the commerce and navigating inter-
ests of the country; that it was descriptive of sta-
tistical information especially profitable to our com-
mercial marine on the lakes or the ocean; that of
his constituents but few had any direct interest in
the matter, he being from an interior- district, ex-
cept that general and diffused interest to fall upon
all from a properous and enlarged trade, conducted
by good navigators, and sensibly conducted, be-
cause of the full and accurate knowledge of the
extent, characters and multiplied articles of export
and import involved in our commerce. That knowl-
edge, both as to navigation and imports and exports,
was of general interest. Besides, the committee onty
proposed what had for years been approved and
ordered by the House, and, so far as he knew, ap-
proved by the country. To so much of remark as had
been made by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Evans] and the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand,] he desired to respond and say, that
the contract for the printing was let to the lowest
bidder, the bids made by specimen or description of
type, &c., &c.; that the bond or contract was con-
summated through the Clerk; the committee au-
dited the accounts of the public .printer, and had
the power to curtail or dock his bills if the docu-
ment furnished or printing; done was inferior to the
contract stipulations. The contract was made -
before the committee had anything to do with the
matter.
The proper way for the gentleman from Mary-
land to come at the matter was, if the committee
did not sufficiently curtail or disallow, to enforce a
curtailment upon each inferior or bad job. The
committee could not buy the paper or get the
type—the contract was made and the power of the
committee and House was the powerand penalty of
curtailing or disallowing any item or charge on ac-
count of inferiority. But for the inferiority of the
work the committee could in no way be responsi-
ble. He (Mr. T.) admitted that the public printing
had been badly executed, very badly done; but this
was rather of the system of letting to the lowest v
bidder. If they took it too low, inferior materials
and cheap work might save the contractor. Bad,
however, as that work was, to the former contract-
ors he understood it had operated very hard. He
believed that Wendell & Van Benthuysen, the for-
mer worthy contractors, had now pending a peti-
tion to be indemnified or remunerated for losses
.sustained by them whilst contractors. The fault,
if fault there was, was not in the action of the
committee, but could only be remedied by abolish-
ing the system of letting the public printing to the
lowest bidder, and as under the law of 1819 estab-
lishing rates for material, kind of type,&c. To
abolish the contract system, establish such fair
and liberal rates, and then elect a public printer,
was the only remedy he knew. The committee
could not superintend the printing office; and
if there frequently, had not the skill so to direct
the work as to remedy the defects alluded to.
Butof this, if such resolution were reported upon,
he would, when reported upon, say more. He
referred the gentlemen to the law of 1846, estab-
lishing the system, and all pertaining to this busi-
ness.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, addressed the
Chairman.
A word of conversation took place between that
gentleman and Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
of which nothing was audible to the reporter.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to order, and inquired if
debate was in order—if there was any question
befoie the House?
The SPEAKER replied, that the report of the
Committee on Printing was before the House.
The Chair would state that it was not in order to
discuss the contract system upon this report of the
committee, although it had thus far been indulged'
by the House without objection. Now that ob-
jection was made, the Chair decided that it was not
m order.
Mr. EVANS (still retaining the floor) said, if
the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Houston] had
been in, he would probably have heard the report
read, and known that there was something before
the House. He had only risen to say, that instead
of an expense of about $500, as estimated by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McWillje,]
the binding of 10,000 copies, at 12 cents per copy,
(as every gentleman saw at a glance,) would
amount to $1,200.
Mr. CONGER rose, and said he would move an
amendment to the resolution reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had intended,
before he had taken his seat, to have submitted a
motion to reduce the number of extra copies from
10,000 to 5,000. He appealed to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Conger] to allow him now
to make that motion.
Mr. CONGER said he preferred first to offer
his amendment, and have it acted on. It was read,
as follows:
Add at the end of the resolution, as follows:
"Provided, That the expense of binding do not exceed
12i cents per copy."
Mr, CONGER said that in relation to this
amendment he desired to say a word. He said he
had had some little experience in relation to this
matter of binding while on the Committee on
Printing during the last Congress, and his expe-
rience had been sufficient to convince him that it
was important to limit the price beyond which the
committee should not go in their contract. If the
price was not limited, it was very likely to run up
to fifteen or seventeen cents, though the committee
had had assurances that it might be done for
twelve. If it could be done for the price reported
by the committee, the limitation proposed could do
no harm, while it might prevent extravagant exac-
