1266
TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
•' Illinois [Mr. Baker] were not in explanation of
4 his motion to strike out that word.
Mr, BAKER. Then I ask the gentleman——
The CHAIRMAN (interposing) said, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] would confine his
remarks to the amendment which he had offered.
Mr. JONES. Are the remarks of the gentle-
man in order?
The CHAIRMAN said, it was impossible for
the Chair to anticipate what applicalion the gen-
tleman was ^oing to make of rfis remarks.
The reading of Mr. Baker's amendment was
called for, and it was re'ad.
Mr. BAKER (continuing), said, his only pur-
pose iri rising was to say that the bill, afier the
amendment which had been adopted, did not
.answer,. the wishes of its friends or enemies. It
was not likely to receive that deliberation which a
bill appropriating so much of the public domain
ought to receive. He was a friend to some' of its
provisions, and was opposed to others. He hoped
that the committee would agree to rise, and that
in the House the bill would be referred to a select
committee, in older to place it in such foim as
would not grant four hundred thousand quarter-
sections, without its being the intention of any-
body to grant one fourth of that number.
Mr. JONES said, if the committee rose, it
would not be in order to refer the bill for the pur-
pose designated, or for any other purpose-.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Baker, and decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. PARKER moved the following amendment
to the amendment of Mr. Hubbard:
Provided, farther, That the benefits of the act shall not
be const ued us forfeited by ihe pnvates and non-eonmiH-
sioned ofticers who wc-re? piomoted lo the grade of a com-
missioned officer, dunng their service in any o!" the wars in
this act mentioned.
Some conversation followed on point3 of order,
in which Mr. EVANS of Maryland, Mr; HAR-
RIS of Illinois, and Mr. ALBERTSON, partici-
pated.
Mr. PARKER, in support of his amendment,
said that the object thereof was to secure the ben-
efits of this bill to such persons as, during our sev-
eral wars, were promoted from the ranks to the
grade of a commissioned officer. These instances
were not so numerous as to increase to any con-
siderable extent the amount of land to be appropria-
ted by this bill. But whatever amount of land may
be required by his amendment, it is one so entirely
proper in itself that he should add but a single
word in its support. None of those who were
promoted during our late war with Great Britain
were so promoted except for meritoiious services
rendered m the field, and he hoped their merit
would not now be made an objection to them.
Justice requires that they should participate in all
such benefits as we may think it wise tolgmrit to
the soldiers of our various wars. He called for
the reading of his amendment, as he felt sure it
only needed to be understood, to be at once ac-
cepted.
He withdrew (he amendment at request.
Mr, ALBERTSON suggested to Mr. Hubbard
to modify his amendment by substituting for 18J3,
18il,so ag to read "or in any indian war between
the years 1811 and 1842."
Mr. HUBBARD acquiesced in the suggestion,
and modified* his amendment accordingly.
Mr. JONSS moved to strike out in Mr. Hub-
bard's amendment 1813, and insert 1794.
Mr. McCLERNAN D raised the point of order
that "1813" was not in the amendment, and there-
fore the motion to strike it out was not in order.
Mr. JONES modified his motion, so as to strike
out 1811 and insert 1794.
Further points of order and great confusion.
Mr. PUTNAM asked if H was in order to move
that the committee rise and report? If so, he
would make that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order when the
gentleman gets the floor to make I he motion: the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is now
entitled to the floor.**
Mr. JONES, in-explanation of his amendment,
said that the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama proposed to extend the benefits of this
act to all the soldiers of the Indian wars prior to
1794, and then to the soldiers of the Indian wars
from 1811 to 1842; leaving the soldiers of the In-
dian wars between 1794 and 1811 unprovided for.
He appealed to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] to know when the hardest
fought battles with the Indians in the West and
the Southwest had taken place ? Was it not with-
in this period ?
Mr. MARSHALL requested the gentleman to
name an Indian battle that had occurred between
1794 and 1811.
Mr. McCLERNAND made the same request.
Mr. JONES replied, if he was not very much
mistaken the ceiebiated Nickajack expedition, and
he believed other Indian contests,had occurred be-
tween these years. It was proper while they were
providing for the soldiers of the other Indian wars
to include these also, and not leave a necessity for
another hill. He was as zealous, ardent, sincere a
friend of the measure as any man on this floor or
in this country. It was, in his opinion, the second
best mode of disposing of the public lands: the
best was, to give them to actual settlers who went
and cultivated them.
After some conversation, at the request of Mr.
Green,
Mr. JONES withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GREEN renewed the amendment, and said
he meiely desired to say a word, to which he
hoped he should have the attention of every mem-
ber on this Boor. It appeared to him self-evident
that there was a msjority of the committee in fa-
vor of the general features of this bill. He therefore
made an appeal to the committee, and begged that
they would allow the bill to be gone through and
perfected before the committee rose. He hoped
that it would then be reported to the House, and
that we should adjourn over till Monday. This
meeting here by ten o'clock and silting until four,
with the thermometer langing up to 90, was too
much for our health.
Mr. GREEN withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, in lieu of the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Hubbard,] he would offer the amendment origin-
ally offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Albertson,] having modified it so as to take the
foim of an amendment instead of a substitute.
Mr. McL. was proceeding to address the com-
mittee, when
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed with the point
of order, that the gentleman could not proceed
with his remarks until the amendment was read.
Some conversation followed, which was termi-
nated by the reading of the amendment, as follows:
"That each non-commissioned officei, musician, or pri-
vate, who served m the military service of ihe United States
during the last war wnh Great Bmain, commenced m the
yeai iCi-2, or in any ot the Indian wars befoie or since that
peiiod, including tegular, volunteers, spie-*, rarigeis, sea-
fenetblos, and militia, tor a peuod of not lei-s than six
months, and who shall have remained in &aid service to the
date ot their death, or who was honoiably discharged,shall
be enhiled to receive a eertilicaie of watiant from th« De-
partment of the li.terioi, for the (Quantity ol eighty acres of
land, which may be located by the warrantee, or his as-
signee, or heir—at law, at any land oifiie of the United
States, in one body, and in conformity to the legal subdivis-
ions ol tne public lands, upon any ot the public lands iri
such district then subject to private entry; and upon the re-
turn of >uoh warrant or certificate, with evidence of the lo-
cation thereof having been legally made to the General
Laud Office, a patent shall he i ued therefor.
"That in The event of the death ol any such non-com-
missioned officer, miiMCian, or private, during service, or
a-ter his rib-charge, and before the issuance of a certificate or
warrant, as afoies.ttd, tiie said c< rtihcate, or warrant, sha.l
be i-sued in l.tvoranrt innure to the benefit of his widow,
if' living, and it no wi«!ow he living, to Ins children : Prnvi-
dcrf, That no land wairanl ir-sued under the piovi-ions ot this
act shah he l.nu upon ,uiy land of the United Elates to which
there shall be a preemption uyht, or upon u Inch tiiere i-iiail
be an actual >tulemetit and cultivation, without the consent
ot such s-culcis and cnltivatois be given ihereio.
" Jind }>roci<}eJ,jurlher, That eat h iion-cuminissioncd of-
ficer, musician, or private, who was mu-tered into the mili-
tary service of the United States, and served as specified in
the hr&t provision ot this- act, tor a penod of twelve months
or more, «?hali be entitled to receive a vvuriant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, which may be subject to pri-
vate entry, under the p.pvi ions of the fiist section of this
act, and in the event of the death of any person heiein pro
vided for, befoiethe ls^uimz ot the certificate, or wariant,
then the warrant for such land shall issue to the widow of
such person, if there be one, and if not, then to his chil-
dren.
'* jirul he it further provided, That each non-commi^ioned
officer, mumci«u, or pmate, who wa muttered into the i
mi.itaiy service of the United Staff*, and served as specified ;
in the hrs>f pruv i-si i'i oS tl:H act, for a le&.v penod than six i
month-*, shall he enhlUd to lecetve a uarifnt lor foitv acres !
of land, \\inch may be subject to private cntrv, under the '
provu-icm ot the fi^t section of this act, and in the event of
the death of any person herein provided for, before the isbu-
lng of the certificate, or warrant, then the warrant for such
land shall issueto the widow of such person, it there be one,
and if not, ilieri to his children.
" And be it further provided, That the grants of land herein
made, and the warrauts authorized to be issued, and patents
granted thereon, as well as the location and transfer and as-
signment thereof, shall, in all respects, be made wilder the
provisions, resiriettons, and limitations of the mnth sectroti
of the act of February II, 184?, entitled 'An act to raise,
for a limited time, an additional military force, and for other
purposes,' so far as the same are not altered by the provis-
ions of this act: Froiwtoi, That nothing in this act contained
shall be construed to authorize the issuing of a certificate, or
wariant, to any non-commissioned officer, mu-kian.or pri-
vate, for service lor which he has heretofore received, or
been authorized to receive, under act of Congress, bounty
land."
Mr. McCLERNAND made the point of order
that, until the amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hubbard] was perfected, no sub-
stitute was in order, and that the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland was in effect, if not
technically, a substitute.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
_Mr. McLANE said a few words in explanation
of the amendment he had offered, explaining that
it was, in fact, not his amendment, but the propo-
sition of the gentleman from-lndiana, differing but
little from that submitted by the gentleman from
Alabama. He believed that this amendment re-
moved all the difficulty which now lay in the way
of the passage of the bill. He alluded to the^if-
ficulty which arose under the bill granting bounty
lands and extra pay to the Mexican soldiers, in
making a di&tinction between those who served
sixty days, and those who had actually served'
but a short time. It was regarded as almost a
hopeless task, as some of the troops had never
reached the seat of war. He thought it irapoitant
that, in the construction of a bill which provided
for giving away fifty or sixty millions of acres of
the public lands, some care should be taken to
free this point from difficulty. It is very import-
ant to fix the limit of the term of service required
to entitle claimants to the benefit of this bill. If
gentlemen are not disposed to take the bill, let it
be voted down. If they regard it wrong to give
away the public lands,, let them vote against it.
But do not let the bill be stopped in its progress
by a difference of opinion as to the time of service.
The battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma
were fought but a few hours after some of the
troops sent to tad General Taylor had joined the
army. So that soloiers who have notserved thirty
hours, may be as much entitled to the benefit of
this bill as those who served longer.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, made a remark,which
was unheard.
Mr. McLANE said, the. troops had, in some
cases, not reached the enemy's country. He was
one who di<j not consider the enemy's country as
beginning until we crossed the Rio Grande.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
The amendment of Mr. McLane was then read.
A long conversation followed on a point of
order.
Mr. JONES asked Mr. McLane to accept the
following as a modification of his amendments
JhulprovideJ, further, That to each commissioned and staff
officer, who served in any one of the wars specified and
referred to in tins act, well as all such who seived in the
late war with Mexico, on application to the Department of
the Interior, there shall be issued a certificate or warrant
for one hundred and nxty acres of lam?, to he located under
the provisions of this act. And should any such officer
herein provided for, die before mdl\in« application for the
benefit ot this act. then the ceriifj ate or wariant shall be
issued to and innure to the henefit of the widow of such
officer, if living, and if not, then to their childien.
Mr. McLANE accepted the modification.
Some further conversation followed on points of
order, after which the question was taken on the
amendment of Mr. McLane, as modified, and the
{ vote stood—ayes 74, noes 39.
i No quorum voting.
I Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, proposed to
offer an amendment.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. BURT raised the question of order that, no
quorum having voted, the rule was peremptory
requiting" that the roll should be called, and the
names of tl\e absentees be reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and directed the roll to be called.
After conversation on points of order, amid
great confusion,
The roll was called, and
The committee rose and reported the names of
the absentees, to be entered upon the Journal.
| The committee resumed its session, and
| The question recurring on the amendment of
1 Mr. McLane—
