1850.
the congressional globe.
173
tions after the House had ordered the binding.
H& therefore hoped the amendment would be
adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he would now, with
the permission of the gentleman from New York,
move his proposition as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER stated that the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
would not be in order as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York, but
could be offered after that amendment had been
disposed of.
-The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Conger, and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr! McCLERNAND now moved further to
amend, by reducing the proposed number from
10,000 to 5,000.
Mr. FULLER said, he hoped the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois would not prevail, to re-
duce the number of copies recommended by the
committee to be printed. Five thousand copies
would give each member, for distribution, only
about twenty. It was truly one of the most val-
uable and important documents printed, and one
in which my constituents take a deep interest. It
affords gratifying evidence of the extent of their
interests in commerce, and navigation, and ship-
building It also affords the evidence where the
gentleman's constituents find a market for then-
agricultural produce*
Mr. PHCENIX was understood to inquire what
was the number proposed by the report to be
printed ?
The SPEAKER. Ten thousand.
• Mr. PHCEN1X was understood to say that that
number ought to be increased. It was a very
important document. If ten thousand copies were
published it would furnish each gentleman on this
floor with but forty copies. He hoped the number
would not be reduced. The document contained
a vast deal of information which ought to go to the
country as well as to the seaport towns. The num-
ber proposed was the usual number.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said: I shall
vote m favor of the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois to reduce the number of this document to
5,000. I admit 10,000 has been the usual extra
number printed. Though this may be a^aluable
commercial document, highly prized in the dis-
tricts along the seacoast where the great shipping
interest lies, it loses nearly all of its interest to an
interior people, an agricultural people. It must
he known to every old member of this House that
no inquiry is ever made for this document. No
one of my constituents has ever inquired of me
for this document, and I think, therefore, they take
no interest in these details of trade. They are
content to take aggregates. It is only those en-
gaged in commerce, in shipping, that look to de-
tails; consequently, I have found that this docu-
ment lies on hand. There is no desire to distri-
bute it. Some to whom I might send it, when
they find it only a book of figures, might take up
the conception that I only sent it to them to puzzle
their brains.
[A voice said: "Perhaps your constituents can-
not read?"]
Mr. T. My constituents need no defence for
intelligence, and enterprise, and wealth. I doubt
if they are surpassed by the constituency of any
member on this floor. Five thousand extra copies
will give us something more than twenty to each
member. It is enough. •
Again: We are beginning a new policy. We
are now proposing to bind up these documents.
In other words, we are about to begin the book-
making business. The item here is a small one;
but it becomes a precedent, and i know if gentle-
men would only look into the expenditures of this
House, the extent of its contingent account, they
would feel the necessity of some reform. Year
after year this account has been on the increase,
and now we open new books with the book-bind-
ers, and this, in my opinion, will'soon reach an
amount equal to an enormous printing account.
It is a proper time to consider this precedent ma-
turely. And if we intend to bind up the docu- |j
ments, unless in very special instances, let us re-
duce the printing. As 1 am willing to yield to the jj
proposition to bind this document, I shall support i ]
the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois, to [1
reduce the extra number one-half. For it is ap- i!
parent thakthe binding and the printing will cost
nearly the same amount, so that 10,000 extra
copies, without binding, will equal in cost 5,000
with binding. I shall favor the last amount the
more especially and the more readily, because I
believe that that sum will be a sufficient supply for
the country.
Mr. CARTER said : I agree, Mr. Speaker, with
the gentleman from Mississippi, in his professions
of economy. He will find that all the votes 1 give
upon this floor, as far as I am capable of judging
their effect, will be directed to that end. But, sir,
my judgment compels me to differ widely from
him, in the process of accomplishing the object.
The resolution before the House proposes the
publication of ten thousand copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on commerce and
navigation, which will give about twenty copies
to each district. The amendment of the gen-
tleman ^from Mississippi reduces the number to
five.
That the report is valuable, inasmuch as it
gives the current history of the commerce of the
republic, is conceded. There is no department of
business life that is not interested in it, whether
agricultural, manufacturing, or commercial.
But, sir, to the question of economy : I consider
every line of information giving the current history
of the different departments of the Government,
and the different interests of the country as affected
by its administration, as so many precepts of econ-
omy.
What gentleman is there upon this floor who
doubts, if a thorough practical history of the navy,
with its abuses, (consuming, as it does, nearly one-
third of the national treasure,) Wias laid befoie the
freemen of the Republic, that the expenditure
would be cut down and - the abuses speedily cor-
rected? How long would the idle hangeis-on,
who give no other evidence of public service than
the introduction of their hands into the public
Treasury, and periodically drawing therefrom its
contents to feed their excesses and reward their
idleness, remain in the navy under the title of
" on leave of absence," " waiting orders," &c. ?
Sir, I look with more hope to the wide diffusion
of political information, to correct the excesses and
abuses of every department ot the public service,
and advance the business interests of the nation,
than any other resource; and as long as I continue
of this judgment, 1 shall vote for this, and similar
purposes, liberally.
Mr. HOUSTON said, that under the rule, the
usual number of this document printed at every
session of Congress was fourteen hundred, and
the usual extra number was ten thousand. For
his own part, he could see no reason for reducing
the number, and he'hoped the amendment submit-
ted by the honorable gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] woiild not prevail. He was sur-
prised to hear the honorable member from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Thompson] declare that it was a report
in which his constituents took no interest whatever,
and with which they had no desire to be supplied.
He was the more surprised to hear this, because
he conceived it was one of the most important and
useful documents which eminated from any of the
departments of the Government, and he did not
know from what other source the constituents of
the honorable member could derive information as
to the annual export of the great staple of their
production, cotton, and the respective proportions
in which it was taken by the different nations of
the world. It was from this report, and this re-
port alone,he believed, that the necessary facts and
statistics were to be derived on that important sub-
ject, by the people of the State which the honorable
member-in part represented, and certainly in this
aspect, if in no other, it was of the highest import-
ance to the whole people of the South. But it was
not only in this aspect that it was important that
this document should be primed in larger numbers
than svas pioposed by the gentleman fiom Illinois.
The information and statistics which it embodied
were of the deepest importance to the people of the
whole country, and of every section of it, and for
that reason it should be extensively circulated, or
at least, be generally distributed among them. The
subjects of which it treats, have a strong relation
to every pursuit in the country, and exerted a
powerful influence for better or for worse, in
every branch of trade and* industry carried on
amongst us. It was to this report we must look
for certain, intelligence and official information as
to the great subject of our annual exports and im-
ports, "and the general trade and commerce of the
country with other parts of the world; and in this?
view of the matter the gentleman from Mississippi
could not fail to perceive how important it was to
that system which they bothN advocated, though
with a material difference of opinion as to its de-
tails—he meant-the revenue system and tariff pol-
icy of the country. He would further remark in
this connection, that he well remembered that, in
the elaborate reports of the late Secretary of the
Treasury, the most important arguments whieh
he advanced in support of his peculiar views on
this subject, were statistical facts and figures de-
rived from this annual document; and whatever
might be thought of the use which he had made
of them, it was certain that no one could correctly
understand that subject, or do justice to the con-
sideration and discussion of it, without the aid of
the facts and the intelligence which these reports
furnish in regard to it. It was for these reasons
that, on a previous day, he (Mr. H.) propounded
an inquiry to the Speaker when this s.ubject was
before the House, whether it would be in* order to
move an amendment for printing an increased
number of this document; and for the same rea-
sons he hoped that the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois would not prevail, but that the
House would order the printing of the extra num-
ber contemplated in the report of the committee.
Mr/ STANTON, of Tennessee, said: Mr.
Speaker, in the promotion of a proper system of
economy, in this particular item, as well as in
every other part of the public service, 1 am per-
fectly ready and willing at all times most heartily
to unite. But I cannot concur with those gentle-
men who are disposed to curtail the number of this
document.
I was astonished to hear the gentleman from
Mississippi proclaim that this document is of no
interest to his constituents. In my judgment it is "
one of the best and most important that could be
sent to them. Its peculiar merit consists in the
fact, that it is not a book of theories, speculations,
or partisan reports of any kind. It is a book of
facts and figures—containing the most important
statistical information—giving a complete state-
ment of all the commerce of this country with all
other partsofthe world. Thisinformation, it seems
to me, if it be important to any one, is peculiarly
so to the constituents of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, and to mine. Who is more deeply inter-
ested in it, than the cotton planters whose produc-
tions enter so largely into the basis of the whole
commerce of the country?
Upon the information contained in such docu-
ments as these, are constructed all intelligent theo-
ries of taxation and revenue in this Government.
It is necessary to a fair and full understanding of
the operation of the existing tariff, and to all relia-
ble estimates orxonjectures as to its results m the
future, and to the consequences of any proposed
change. If our measures are not to be mere
experiments without light—mere attempts at the
establishment of a wise and salutary system of
finances—this information is indispensable to the
people, from whom, according to the theory of our
government, ail legislation proceeds.
But, sir, a very simple statement will show that
the number of copies proposed for this document,
is by no means too large. Divide 10,000 among
the thirty-four StatesandTerritories,and you have
less than 300 copies for each. Divide these again
among the counties in each State, and you will have
less than five copies for each county. I am sure my
friend from Mississippi could not have considered
the purport of his remark, when the inference re-
sults necessarily, that he could not find five per-
sons in each county of his district, who would be
interested in knowing the important facts contained
in this document. My^district is very similar to
his, inhabited chiefly by cotton planters. I know
I shall have no difficulty in disposing of the thirty
or forty copies which may be assigned to me in
the distribution, so as to make the information
contained in them useful to the country.
Mr. McCLERNAND (interrupting) said he
understood the Senate had ordered the printing of
10,000 extra copies of this document. This would
give double the number which the gentleman from
Tennessee estimated to each State and Territory.
Mr. STANTON. Then we have the example
of the Senate in favor of the pioposition of our
committee. I think that body shows a just appre-
