174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
ciation of its importance; and.doable the number
will not, in my judgment,-be too large.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he did
not wish todepreciate the document; he kne,w that
the people at large looked at the aggregate and not
at the details. In that respect, the constituents of
the gentleman from~Tennessee and his own were
alike, and the gentleman need claim no superiority
for his. The details of these statistics were al-
most exclusively interesting to the shipping and
commercial interests.
Mr. STANTON. I make no.claim of superi-
ority in-my own constituents. I simply say that
the honorable gentleman misunderstands them, as
I think he does his own, in this important/particu-
lar, Even -if 1 believed, with the gentleman, that
my constituents feel no interest in the information
contained in this document, I should rather be dis-
posed to encourage them to acquire that interest.
1 would at least be inclined to give them the op-
portunity to look into the details of the commerce
of the country, with the hope that they would
eventually be able to appreciate their Importance,
and to make a wise and patriotic use of them
I am not sure, Mr. Speaker, that I heard very
distinctly what the gentleman from Ohio said in
reference to the " paupers and vagabonds in the
navy of the United States." Nor can I see very
clearly how that remark can be appropriate to the
discussion of the question now before the House.
So far as the navy is concerned, 1 apprehend there
is every disposition on both sides of the House to
unite in any practicable measure which willpromote
the economy of that important branch of the pub-
lic service. For myself, I am free to acknowledge
the existence of some abuses in the naval service,
which ought to be.corrected. I am ready to per-
form my part in this work of reform. But, sir, I
cannot sit quietly and hear any portion of the offi-
cers of the navy pronounced " paupers.and vaga-
bonds." I think I can say, and the assertion will
meet the assent of all who have any knowledge on
the subject, that as a class, there is not to be found
on the globe a more worthy, honorable, and gal-
lant set of men than the officers of our navy. In-
dividual instances of unworthiness may possibly
be found; and instances may be foundof men who
have worn out their health and most of their lives
in battling with the waves of the ocean, and the
foes of the country. These men may not be active
and efficient; but will the gentleman be disposed to
denounce them as " vagabonds and paupers," and
to cast them off from" the bosom of the country
they have faithfully defended?
Mr. CARTER (Mr. S. yielding for explana-
tion) disclaimed having; intended any personal al-
lusion. Nothing was further from his heart than
to abuse old age or infirmity, especially where it
was hastened or caused by the public service,
whether in military, naval, or civil life. It had not
entered into his heart to do it. It yr&s premature old
age to which he had alluded—that class of men who
were inducted into the public service, introduced
to the public crib, and then disappeared—leaving
no other evidence of service to the country than
having their names placed upon the lists, and draw-
ing their pay from the treasury. That was the
class to which he had alluded; and he could assure
the talented chairman of the commiftee on the
navy [Mr. Stanton] (if he doubted it) that that
class could be found.
Mr. STANTON (resuming) said it was very
easy to make such charges against the navy 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, interposed with
a point of order, and objected to this discussion in
reference to the navy as irrelevant and out of or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the discussion of that question is enfirely out of
order upon the proposition before the House.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I have nothing
else to say upon the subject, then, except this,
which I am sure you will allow me to say, that
in every practicable mode of economy with refer-
ence to this branch of the public service 1 shall cor-
dially unite with the gentleman from Ohio, whether
to reduce the expenditures, or to rid the country
of " vagabonds," if there be any such in the navy.
Mr. BOCOCK said, he thought this subject had
been sufficiently discussed for its importance, and
in order to economize the public time (as economy
seemed to be the order of the day) he would move
the previous question.
■And there was a.second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was, first, on the motion
of Mr. McClernand to strike out "ten" and in-
sert "five," (so as to print five thousand extra
copies instead of ten.)
The question was taken, and the amendment,
was rejected. *
And then the resolution, as amended, was
adopted.
Whitney's project.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, rose and asked
leave to present certain joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania in. relation to the plan
of Mr. Whitney for the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific.
Objections were made.
So the resolutions were not received.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the execution of the order of the House
relating to the election of its officers; and, first, of
a Doorkeeper.
The tellers, Messrs. Newell, Albertson,
Hampton, and Venable, resumed their seats at
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. NEWELL withdrew the name of Mr.
Horner as a candidate.
Mr. SCHENCK said, that at the special request
of Mr. Tufts, he would withdraw his name as a \
candidate. !
Mr. CARTER withdrew the name of Mr. Wol-
cotr.
The roll was then called—being the sixth time, i
The tellers reported that 2] 2 votes had been taken; j
necessary to a choice 107; of which
Mr. J. J. Randolph received 98
Mr. Christopher Cole 92
Mr. William G. Flood 16
Mr. Servitus Tufts  5
Mr. Charles Stewart 1 1
212
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Randolph—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breek,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler,Thomas B. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Claik,
Chngman, Cole, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon,
Dner, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallo-
way, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Milliard. Houston,
Howe, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G.
King, Jarne^G. King,Marshall,Matteson,McGaughey, Mc-
Kissoek, Funs E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morion, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Ou&>, Outlaw, Owen, Phierux,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rwley, Rockwell, Rose,
Ramsey, Saekett, Sehenck, Scliermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly,
Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddcus Stevens, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Vinton, Watkins, While,
Williams, Wilson, and Wmthrop.
For Mr. Cole—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Booth, Boyd, A G Brown, W. J.
Brown, Buel, Buit, J. Cable,G. A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleve-
land, fi. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Disney, Doty, Dunham,
Durkee, Edmuod*on, Fitch, Fullei, Geiry,Gorman, Green,
Hackett, Hall, Harntlton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, I.
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Howard, Andtew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La S6re,Leflier, Littlefield,
Job Mann, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, MeLana-
han. R. M. McLane, McMullen, McWillie, Miller, Miilson,
Morris, Mor&e, Old;-, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps,
Poller, Richardson, Robhins, Robinson,-Ross, Savage;, Saw-
teile, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweet-
ser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, WjJIiam
Thompson, Waldon, Waldo, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wil-
drick, VVihnot, Wood, Woodward, and Young.
For Mr. Flood—Messrs. Bi;«sell, Bocock, Bowden, W. R.
W, Cobb, Evvmg, Feaiherston, Gilmoie, IloUiday, Tnae,
Jones, Mason, McQueen, Meade, Powell, Venable, Wal-
lace, and Hubbard.
For Mr. Tufts—Messrs. Campbell, Crowell, Hunter,
Horace Mann, and Tuck.
For Mr. Stewart—Mr. Root.
No choice.
Mr. BISSELL withdrew the name of Mr. Flood
; as a candidate; and
Mr. McMullen nomimated e.B.Robinson,
i of Virginia; then withdrew his name.
The roll was then called the seventh time. The
tellers reported that 209 votes had been cast; ne-
cessary to a choice 105, of which
Mr. Randolph received   97
Mr. Cole . .95
Mr. Parker 7
Mr. Stewart  
Mr. Tufts   4
Mr. Foot ..   .1
909
The following is the vote in .detail:
For Mr, Randolph—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck,
Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey,
Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cole, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, A. Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott,Gould, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Billiard,
Houston, Howe, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King,
George G. King, James G. King, Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Owen, Phosnix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley,
Rockwell, Rose,Runi««ey, Saekett, Schenek, Seheunerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague,
Stanly, A. H.Stephens, T. Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thomp-
son, Thurman, UnderhiH,Y nton, Watkins,White,Williams,
and Wmthrop.
For Mr. Cole—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bav,
Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, J. Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland, Howell Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing, Fitch*
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall. Hamilton,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris,Thomas Tj. Harris, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holhday,
Howaid, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian,
Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere, Loftier, Littlefield, Job
Mann, McClernand, McDonald, MeLanahan, Robert M. Mc-
Lane, McMullen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Millson,Moiiis,
Morse, Olds, Orr, Paiker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter,
Richardson, Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle,
R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson,William Thompson, Venable,
Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, Whittlesey, VVildrick, Wiimot,
Wood, and Young.
For Mr. Parker—Messrs. W. R. W. Cobb, Hubbard1 Mc-
Queen, Powell, Wallace, Jones, and Bocock.
For Mr. Stewart—Messis. Featherston, Mason, F. P.
Stanton, Bissell, and Roof.
For Mr. Tufts—Messrs. Campbell, Crowell, H. Mann,
and Tuck.
For Mr. Foot—Mr. Hunter.
No choice.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had shown his
willingness to vote for all the candidates nomina-
ted by the Democratic party. It seemed that
neither of them was acceptable to a majority. If
he had reason to believe that any one was so, he
would continue to vote for.him. He should now
nominate an old officer of this House, a gentleman
who, he believed, would be acceptable on all sides.
He nominated Charles W. Stewart.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said the gentleman
from Illinois was mistaken. He had not yet voted
for Mr. Parker, of Illinois, who was a most suitable
man fo* the place.
Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to say
that he did not know whether he had or not.
  The roll was then called the eighth time. The
tellers reported that 209 votes had been cast; ne-
cessary to a choice 105; of which
Mr. Randolph received 100
Mr. Cole    75
Mr. Stewart 27
Mr. Parker   6
Mr. Tufts    1
209
The following is the vole in detail:
For Mr. Randolph—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andrew's, Ashmun, Raker, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Breck
Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows, C. Butier, Thomas B. Butler. E. C.
Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin. Campbell,Casey, Chand-
ler, Clark, Clingman, Cole, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, De-
berry, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Hil-
liard, Houston, Howe, James L. Johnson, Kerr, D. P." Kim;,
George G. King, James G.Kmg, l-lorace Mann, Marshall,
Matteson, McGaughey, McKis?ock,F. E. McLean. Meach-
am, Moore, Morehead,Morton, Nelson,Newell,Ogle, Otis,
Outlaw. Owen, Phopuix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
RisJey, Rockwell, Ro.*e, Rimicey, Saekett, Schenek,"Sclier-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sheppeid, Silvester, Spald-
ing, Sprague, Stanly, Aiexandei H. Stephens. Thaddeus
Stevens, Ta>lor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Un-
derbill. Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, and Wmthrop.
For Mr. Cole—Mtasrs. Albertson, Ashe, Avetett, Ba> Iv
Beale, Bingham, Booth, Bowlm, Bojd, W J. Brown, Buel^
Josf ph Cable, O. A. Caldwell. Carter, Cleveland. Howell
Cobb, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee. Ewuig, Fitch, Ger-
rv.Giimoio, Goiman, Hamilton, Harlan, [sham G. Harris,
Hibbard. Hoagland, Holhday, Howard, Andipw John«on,
Julian, Kaufman, Piston King, La t'6re, Leffier. Litth fHd,
Job Mann, McDonald, McDowell, MeLanahan', Robert M.
McLane, McMullen, McWillie. Meade, Miller, Morns,
Morse, Oir, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Rieh-
atdaon, Robbms, Robinson, Ro s Savvttlle, Richard H.
Stanton, Slet>ori, Strong, Sweefs'-r, Thomas, James Thomp-
son, William Thomps-on, Walden, Waldo, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Wiimot, Wood, and Young.
For Mr. Stewart—Messrs. Ba\, Bt-sHI, Bocock, Bowdon,
A. G. Brown, Burt, Colrock, Daniel, Edmundson. Feath-
erston, Fuller, Green, Hall, Hammond, IJaraNnn, Sampson
W. Harris, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Mason, McClernand,
Miilson, Savage, Frederick P. Stanton, Jacob Thompson,
Root, Wellborn, and Woodward.
