1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
domain the theatre of monopolizing speculation.
It was intended as a source of revenue; but if we
of this generation choose to be our own executors,
let us make a fair distribution of the estate. Jf
the pub;ic domain is to be seized upon and wasted
under all and any pretext, don't come over the
shoulders of honorable and gallant old soldiers, or
make the professed gratitude of the people an ex-
cuse for a breach of our plighted faith.
The pledge of the proceeds of the public lands
to the public creditor, either meant something or
nothing. If it meant anything, good faith requires
us to stand up to the pledge; if it was intended at
the time to mean nolhing.it was a fraud, in which
we should not be partakers, but make atonement
at once, by acknowledging the obligation.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HILLIARD made a few remarks upon
renewing the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] to the effect that
he had an amendment of his own, forwarded some
days since to the Chair, which he would press
to a vote. That amendment required those who
to be benefited by this bill, to occupy and
cu™'ate the lands granted to them, for the spacc
of twelve months. This would result in good
to the Government by increasing the value of the
public lands, and the £rant of lands would not be
a mere naked §,ift. He believed that our right to
dispose of the public lands was a qualified one;
but by requiring the persons taking lands under
the provisions of this bill, to cultivate them, we
should derive some compensation for the bounty
which we bestowed. If it be true that " he who
makes two blades of grass grow where but one
would grow before, is a pubhc benefactor," then
we should derive some equivalent for our gener-
ous gift.
According to promise, he would renew the !
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro- \
lina, but he could not vote for it. j
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, |
The committee rose and reported. j
On motion, by yeas 93, nays 88—
Ordered, That when tiie House adjourns, it adjourn to
Monday next.
The House then adjourned.
\
1260
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DOTY gave notice of his intention to ask leave to
introduce a bill, according to the rules, with the loitovvmg
title: "A bill to aduut me State of California into the
Union."
PETITIONS; &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule,and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
By Mr. WILMOT: A petition, signed by 35 citizens of
Bradtoid county, Pennsylvania, pra>in  Congress to pro-
vide means to colonize, upon the continent of Afiita, the
free black population of the United States.
By Mj. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania • The petition of
Grotge S. Kline, of Columbia county, Pennsylvania, asking
for a pen.-ion on account of disabilities incurred whue jn
the service of the United States in the Mexican war.
By Mr CHA.VDLER: The petition of Mr>. Mary Deany,
widow of Lieutenant James A. Deany, of the United States
Iniantry, who died in the service or the United States, a>k-
ing for a pension.
By Mr. OURKEE: The petition of John R. Kendall and
29 others, citizens of Burlington, m the State ot Wisconsin,
praying Congress to pass a joint resolution authorising the
Secretary of tne Navy to oider one of the national vessels
acio^ the Atlantic, to transport such delegates as may go
from tfti.- country to attend the Peace "Congress, to be held
in the city of Frankfort, Germany, in August next.
Also, the petition ot Je^se Hooker and 50 others, citizens
ol Salem, in the Slate of Wisconsin, praying Congress to
take some step* towaid the establishment of stipulated arbi-
tration or Con^re^ of Nations, lor the settlement of inter-
national controversies.
AUo, the petition of William Moore and 25 others, citi- I
zens of the county ot Clinton, State of Ohio, praying for the j
repeal of all laws enacted by Congiess for the suppoit of the
Afncan slave trade in the Distuct of Columbia. :
Also, the petition of Wilha.n Moore and 27 other", citi- ;
zens ol the county ot Clinton, in liie State of Ohio, praying
Congress to se^uie to aliened fugitnes the right ot trial by
jury.
Also, the petition of William Moore and other?, citizens
of the comuy of Clinton, State ot Ohio, ptajing that no more
slave States be admitted into the Union.
Also, the petition or William Mooie and others, citizens
of the county of Clinton, State of Otuo, praying toi the es-
tabli-htuent and protection of Ireedom m the temtones of
the United States. „
Also, the petition of Chailes C. Drake and 16 others, citi-
zens of Racine county, Siate nf Wisconsin, piaj ing Con-
giess to establish an irit< inational jurisdiction of peace.
Also, the petition ot Lewis Bndgman and 5d other*, citi-
zens of Fond du Lac county,town ot Rcsendale, State of Wis-
consin, against the admission of more slave States into the
Union ; also, for the prohibition of slavery in such new States
as may be formed by the division of Texas; and lunoustrdung
declaring the flig of the Republic no protection to the coast-
slave trade.
Also,the petition of30pitizens of the town of Burlinsfon,
^tate of Wisconsin, praying that the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to furnish a vessel to convey delegates to the
Peane Convention to he hoJden in the city of Frankfort,
Germany, m August nrxt.
Also, the petition ofE. D. Seward and 52 others, citizens
of Lake Mills and vicinity, in the State of Wisconsin, pray-
ing Congres-s to take sotne action in favor of stipulated arbi-
tration, or a Congress of Nations, fur the settlement of inter-
national controversies.
A!«so, the memorial of James J. Stran? and others, pray-
ing Congress to pas* a law, giving the consent of the nation
th it the Latter-Day Saints may settle upon, and forever oc-
cupy, all the uninhabited lands of the islands in Lake Mich-
igan, and fo ceasp to soil the same to other person*. And
aI*o asking, asthey havenothoen allowed to remain in peace
among the people of these United States, that they will be
sufFeted to remain there sep -rate from them 5 al*o, that Con-
gress do, by some public act, condemn in behalf of the na-
tion, the martyrdom of the Saints, and theirexile from some
of the State<. And funhfr a-kin?, t'n. it Congress take meas-
ures to si-cure redress for these wrongs • and for the punish-
ment of the assre-sors.
Also, the petition of 41 citizens of the towns of York and
Pari*, State of Wi connm, praying that the Secretary of the
Navv be authorized to furnish a vessel to convey peace del-
egates from the United States to the Peace Convention to
be held in the city of Frankfort, Germany, in August next.
Also, the petition of Erastus Dean-and 27 others, citizens
of the towns of Bradford, Emerald Grove, Rock county,
Wi-con-in, praying Consre-s that the Secretary of the Navy
be authorized to furnish a vessel to convey peace delegates
from the United States to the Peace Convention to be held
in the city of Frankfort, Germany, in August next.
Al*o, the petition of A. O-trandel and 49 others, citizens
of Sauk countv, Wiscon<in3 prayuig for ihe repeal of the
law permitting the flogging of seamen engaged in the United
Sntes naval service.
Also, the petition of 42 persons, citizens of Walworth
county, State of Wisconsin, for the admission of California,
with her present boundaries and constitution unaltered ;
and for its admission separate and apart from all other ques-
tion ? or compromises. Also, praying for the pas^njze ofbills
for the government of New Mexico and Utah or D^seret.
Also, the petition of G. H. Smith and 35 others, citizen?
of Sun prairie, county of Dane, State of Wisconsin, prayin«*
Consre^s; to take come measures for the establishment of a
board of National Arbitrator*, or Congress of Nations, for the
adjustment of national difficulties.
Ali o, the petition of William D. Totter and others, citi-
zens of Waukesha county. State of Wisconsin, pra>in« Con-
gress for the reduction of postage to two cents for each let-
ter.
Also, the petition of S. A. Dmnnell and others, citizens
of Lafayette, Walworth county, Wisconsin, praying Con-
gress to admit no moie slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of 3. A. Duinnell and ilbers, citizens
of Lafavette, Walworth countv, Wisconsin, praying for
the establishment of freedom m the territories of the United
State*.
Also, the petition ofS A. Dninnell and others, citizens
of Lafayette, Walwoith countv, Wisconsin, praying Con-
giess to pass an act securing to alleged fugitives the right of
trial by jury.
Also, the petition of S. A. Dmrmell and others, citizens
of Lafayette, Walworth county, Wisconsin, praying for the
repeal of all laws enacted by Congress for the support of
slavery in the District of Columbia
On motion by Mr. JACKSOV, of New York, the petition
in behalf of the heirs of Major William Jackson, for com-
pensation of s>aid Major Jackson a* a deputy commissary of
forage in the revolutionary war, was taken from the hies,
and."together with other paper.*, referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The memorial of Charles Careeno, for
the pa-sage of an act by Congress, instiucting the Indian
Department to pay from the annuities due the Chippewa
Indians a reasonable sum of money for personal injuries
sustained hv him at th#> hands of an individual of that tribe.
Bv Mr. POTTER: The memorial of John P. Downs. Pe-
ter F. Birtenbaugh, Walter Davis, Edward Todd, and Wil-
liam Lewi-, .-oldiers m the war of 1812, and the radian
wars of the West, for a grant of land to the soldiers in those
wars.
Bv Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of Sarah Kirby, widow
of Robeit R. Kirby, to bo plaecd on the pension list.
Bv Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition of D. D.
Bartlett. of Marblehead, for allowance for services of his
father, William Bartlett, in the war of the Revolution.
Also, the memorial of the City Councils of L\ nn, Massa-
chusetts, that Lynn may be constituted a port of entiy.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
montdw, Jane 24, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
STEAMBOAT ACCIDENTS*
Mr. CARTTER rose, and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution. He
assured the House that there were no negroes in
U, or anything of that character. [A laugh.]
Mr. INGE rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion. As he understood, there was now a special
order before the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, being the bounty land bill,
which continued a special order from day to day
until disposed of. He believed it was a privileged
motion to move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that that
motion took precedence over a motion under the
regular order of business. He objected to the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, and moved
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to prodeed with the special order.
Mr. CARTTJER. Will the Clerk read the res-
olution ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olution.
The resolution of Mr. Cartter was read, as
follows: *
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of providing a law com-
pelling all craft cdrryuii? passengers and navigating the
waters of the United State?, or sailing; under the authority -
or the United fetates, to be provided with ample and suit-
able resources of escape to passengers, m case of accident
by hre or otherwise; and further inquire into the expedi-
ency of making certain custom-house officers inspectors to
carry out <my law m pursuance of the purposes of this res-
olution ; and said committee report by bill or Otherwise.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that objection is made to this resolution?
Mr. INGE. I make no objection.
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, the :$•
resolution will be received: it can only be enter- -
tained by unanimous consent.
No objection being made,
The resolution was received and unanimously -
adopted.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Inge—
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. BAYLY appealed to the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw the motion, to enable him
(Mr. B.) to offer a resolution to make the appro-
priation bills the special order.
No response being; heard from Mr. Inge,
BOUNTY LANDS.
Thp SPEAKER announced the question upon
the motion of Mr. Inge.
Mr. MASON inquired, in case the rules were
suspended, whether the bounty land bill would be
the first business in order?
The SPEAKER. If" the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
bounty land bill is the special order, and the only
business on which the committee can act.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 wish to inquire whether
it will take precedence of the California bill ?
The SPEAKER. Jt takes precedence of all
other business, being the special order.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I shall vote against it.
Mr. MASON. Then I shall vote for it. I
hope the House will go into committee on the
bounty land bill; we can finish it to-day.
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas 89,
nays 85, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Averctt, Bay, Bayly,
Bocoek, Bovvilon, Boyd, Breek, William J. Brown, Burt,
Jo.veph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Clmgman, Dann I, Dunimck, Edmundsou, JSwing, Feather-
«ion, Fuller, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson,
Hailan, Isham G. Harris Sampson W. Harn-, Thomas L.
Harri«, Milliard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard,
Inge, Jo-t ph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Rubeft W.
Johnson, .Tone?:, La Spro, Marshall, M$son, MeClernand,
McDonald, M<. Gaughey, McLanahan, Finis E. McLean,Mc-
Queen, Me Will e, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Morton,
Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Reed, Richardson,
Robbing, Robinson, Ross, Savage, SawteJJe, Seddon, Shep-
perd, Frederick P. Sfanton, Richard H. Stanton, A. H.
Stephens, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, William Thompson, "Venable,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth,
Wildrick, Williams, Woodward, and Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Bennett, Bokee,
Booth, Brigs5, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B.
Butler, < nmpbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Claike, Cole,
Cungtr. Comad, Coiwui, Cioweli.Pcberiv, Disney, Dixon,
Doty, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freeiiley,
Gt ny, Guldimjs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Hailo-
wa\, Hay, Haunond, Henry, Hibbard, Howe, Hunter,
Julian, Daniel P. Kins, George G King, James G. King,
John A Kins, Preston King, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace
Mann, Job M.uin, Matron, M« aeham, Moore, Nelson,
Newell, Oti«, Peash'e, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Reynolds,
Ri-ley, Rockwell, Hoot, Rumsey, Sackert, Schunck, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolciaft, Spauldmg, Spi ague, 8tanlv\ Stetson,
Strong, Sweet>er, Undeihtll, Van Dyke, White, Whittlesey,
Wilmot, Wilson,and Winthrop—85.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself in to Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Richardson-, of Illinois, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order of
the day, being the bill " providing for soldiers of
the war of 1812, 1813, 1814, and 1815, with Great
Britain; the Indian wars of j811; the (Florida)
Scminolean war of 1835, 182&, &c.; and the war
known as General Wayne's, ol" 1793 to 1795, that
have not heretofore been provided for."
