176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17.
for the repair of the dam at Cumberland Island, in
the Ohio river; all of which several petitions were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Ebene-
zer P. Rogers, heir of John Caldwell, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of John Kears-
ley and other surviving officers of the last war
with Great Britain, strongly urging upon Congress
the justice of allowing them bounty lands; which
was referred to the Committee on-Military Affairs.
Mr. FELCH submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of John Anderson; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Nancy Gr. Van Rensselaer, widow of a revolution-
ary officer, asking to be allowed an increase of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. -
Mr. FOOTE presented the memorial of William
E. Asquith, asking to be restored to his rank in
the army, from which he was dismissecrunder the
sentence of a court-martial, which he alleges was
rendered contrary to law.
He moved its reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, suggested that the
memorial should go to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. FOOTE moved its reference to'that com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the memorial? Will
my friend state ?
Mr. FOOTE repeated his statement of the ob-
ject of-the memorial.
Mr. BUTLER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, 1 would observe, have quite as much as they
can attend to already on their hands. My friend
behind me, the chairman of .the Committee on
Military Affairs, would be able to dispatch tbe
matter much more quickly than we of the Judi-
ciary Committee can do.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It was at my sug-
gestion that my honorable colleague moved the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I will state to the honorable chair-
man of that committee and to the Senate, that this
case has already been before the Committee on
Military Affairs. It involves a question of law,
and i think it would he rather unfair to the me-
morialist, knowing what the decision will prob-
ably be if referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, to send the jnemorial again before that
committee. I will state that the memorialist in-
troduced the subject to me some time since, and
as Lhere was a question of law involved in it, be-
yond my legal knowledge, I pteferred that it should
then be sent to the Committee on the Judiciary,
where all great legal questions may be best deci-
ded. I am altogether averse-to having the memo-
rial again sent to us, it having been—at least I
suppose it is the same memorial—already once be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
like to be informed what reference the gentleman
who introduced the memorial wishes should be
given to it?
Mr. FOOTE. I moved the reference, at the
suggestion of my colleague, to the Committee on
the judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. I think there is a mistake pre-
vailing in this body. The idea seems to be en-
tertained that all questions of law must go before
the Judiciary Committee. There are questions of i
law arising on many subjects which may be deter- '
mined by gentlemen belonging to other committees
—questions the consideration of which does not
necessarily belong to the Judiciary Committee. I
presume there are a number of lawyers on the
Military as well as on the Judiciary Committee,
and all incidental legal questions that arise may bfc
determined by them. The honorable chairman of
that committee [Mr. Davis] himself has sufficient
legal knowledge and aptitude, I have no doubt, to
decide this question; and the very fact of this case
having been heretofore considered by him, gives
him a great advantage over the members ot the
Judiciary Committee, who have not heretofore ex-
amined the case. However, out of delicacy to !
him, and only upon that ground, I accept the re-
ference to the Judiciary Committee. j
The memoiial was referred to the Judiciary j
Committee accordingly. |
On motion by Mr. PHELPS,
Ordered, That the petition of Stevens and Eliason and
others, on the files of the Senate, relating to the subject of
foreign violations of the patent right or Thomas Blanchard,
be reteired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered,, That the memorial of the leqaf representatives
of Wm. Armstrong, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Indians Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That the petition of Martin Fenwick, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private
Land
On motion by Mr. SOULE,
Ordered, That the memorial of Mrs. Carmick, widow of
Daniel C.irnnek, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Conffhittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That the petition of Robert Butler, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. JOlftlS,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
the petition of David McDutfie.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
Ordeted, That the representatives of Francis Vigo have
leave to withdiaw their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to Military Affairs be referred to tiie Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Ordered, That so much ot the President's message as
relates to the finances be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON" LEAVE.
Mr. BELJL, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
repair and improvement of the dam at the head of
Cumberland Island, in the Ohio river; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish
ports of entry and delivery at Madison and New
Albany, Indiana, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
' Mr. BADGER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Francis
Nash; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of John Le Roy,
. reported a bill for his relief, accompanied by a re-
; port, which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of David Grass; which was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that he would
I to-morrow, or at an early day thereafter, ask leave
, to introduce a bill to provide for the construction
j and employment of snag-boats in the removal of
I obstructions to the navigation of the Mississippi
; river and its principal tributaries.
[ On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
I Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
! to mqiine into the expediency of allowing a peiwon to
Bridget Riley, widow ot John P. Riley, late a private soldier
in the fitth regiment of Indiana voiunteeis. <
On motion by Mr. TURNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
; Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a post
: route from Altamont, Grundy county, Tennessee, to Win-
chester, in said State, via Hockerville.
' On motion by Mr. JONES,
i Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
I Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency oOstab-
i lishing a route from Savannah, Illinois, via Sabula, m
; Iowa; thence through the townships of Union, "Van Buren,
, Fairfield, and the town of Andrew, m Jackson county, to
, Cascade, in Dubuque county.
; APPOINTMENTS IN" CALIFORNIA.
| Mr. SMITH. There are on the table several
1 resolutions calling for information from the De-
partments. I suppose they will not lead to any
debate. I had the honor to submit to the Senate
the other day two resolutions of this kind, and my
friend from New York [Mr. Dickixson] also sub-
mitted one or more. I am desirous that they
should be taken up and adopted. I will move that
they be taken up in the order in which they have
been offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This can only be
done by the unanimous consent of the Senate. If
there be no objection the resolutions referred to
will be now taken up in the order in which they
were presented for consideration. The Chair hears
no objection. The resolutions will be read.
The first resolution in order—the one that was
first offered—is that relating to California. It was
read by the Secretary as follows:
Resolvedy That the President of the United States he re-
quested to inform the Senate, as early a* practicable, wheth-
er any person has been by him appointed civil or military
Governor of California since the 4th day ofMarch I.ipij and,
if so, who has so been appointed, and what compensation
Jias been allowed him.
Also, that he be requested to inform the Senate whether
any agent ha* been appointed by the Executive, or any of
the Departments of the Government, and sent to California
with instructions or authority to organize a State Govern-
ment for that Territory, or to aid and advise the people with-
in its limits in such organization.
And further, that he be requested to inform the Senate
how the delegates recently assembled in California, calling
themselves a Convention, were elected ; by whom the qual-
ifications of the voters were nxed and determined; whiit
those qualifications were; and by what law the tune, places,
and manner of holding said election was regulated.
And further, lhat he be requested to inform the Senate
whether any ecnsu* of the inhabitants of said Territory has
been taken ; and, if so, by what law, and under what au-
thouty.
And furthei, that he be requested to communicate to the
Senate all orders, (written or verbal,) instruction-., or cor-
respondence, by the preceding Administration or thf present
Administration, with any person as civil or military Govern-
or of California, or as agent on the part of the United States
Governmentin California.
And further, that he be requested to inform the Senate
whether any steps have been taken by the Executive, or anv
Departmentof the Government, to assemble a Convention in
New Mexico for the purpo*e of adopting a constitution and
making application for admission into the Union ; and, if so,*
that he be requested to communicate to the Senate all
orders, instructions, and papers in relation thereto.
And further, that he be requested to inform the Senate
upon what ground he bases the opinion expressed in his
Annual Message of December 4, 1849, that the people of
New Mexico will <'at no very distant period present them-
selves for admission into the Union.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT/ When this resolu-
tion was before under consideration, the Senator
from New Jersey moved to strike out so much of
it as will now be read: ~
" And further, that he be requested to inform the Senate
upon what ground he bases the opinion expressed in his
Annual Message of December 4, 1849, that the people of
New Mexico will 1 at no very distant period present them-
selves for admission into the Union.' "
Mr. CLEMENS. I stated the other day that I
thought it probable that the information called for
by this resolution would be furnished in answer
to the resolution which has been adopted by the
House of Representatives. If this should be the
case, it would be unnecessary to adopt this reso-
lution; and I thought it better therefore to wait
and see the answer to that inquiry. As it is prob-
able that we shall have an opportunity of knowing
what that answer is in a very short time, I will
move that the resolution be laid upon the table for
the present.
Several Senators. Let it be passed by inform-
ally.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope this resolution will
not be passed by.
The VI£E PRESIDENT. A motion has been
made to lay it upon the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust the resolution will be
adopted. If theanswer made to the House cover
the entire subject, it will be a very small affair—a
matter of very little difficulty to send a copy of it
to us. I apprehend, however, that this resolution
goes further than the resolution of the House; that
it calls for further information than is called for by
the resolution of the House; and I desire all the
information that can be had upon this subject. I
have seen in the newspapers of the country, or
some portions of the country, that the Adminis-
tration have adopted measures that were calcu-
lated to coerce the people of California in their free
action in forming a State government. If it be
true that any power of coercion, cither civil or
military, has beenused by theAdministration,soas
to prevent the people from the free exercise of the
elective franchise, or the'free decision of any ques-
tion affecting their constitution, the people of the
United States are entitled to know that fact—the
Senate is entitled to know that fact. I desire, sir,
that this call, in the most searching manner in
