1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th of May, 1833,) which said appropriation shall be applied
in the manner provided by said act to the unsatisfied war-
rants which have been or may be issued as therein directed
tootticer* .tnd soldiers atidouie.rs as descnbed in the fiir.-t,
fifth, and seventh sections o! said act, or any other act of
Congress"
Mr. BAYLY said it was known, he believed,
to this House that there were now in the hands of
the heirs of the revolutionary officers and soldiers
of Virginia, warrants that had been actually issued
to them, but there was no land upon which they
could be located As the public lands were going,
■ he desired that Cotsgi ess should be just before they
were generous: he desired that before this fund
was entirely disposed of, this legitimate debt
should be paid. It was therefore that he had moved
this amendment.
Mr. McDONALD made the point of order that
the amendment was irrelevant and out of order.
After some conversation between Messrs.
Holmes, McDonald, and the Chairman,
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs. Mc-
Lane of Maryland, and McLean of Kentucky,)
with the following result—ayes Gl, nays 62.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. NELSON, having obtained the floor, in-
quired of the Chairman whether any of the pro-
posed amendments to the bill made any provision
for that meritorious class of the public defenders
who served during the late war with Great Britain,
to wit, the sailors and marines engaged in that
war?
The CHAIRMAN answering, that he was not
aware that any such proposition had been made.
Mr. NELSON thereupon submitted the follow-
ing amendment, to be added to the section offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
on Friday last, giving bounty lands to the officers
and sailors engaged in the Mexican war, viz:
« And the offieeis, sailors, and marines ot the navy of the
United States, who served in the war with Great Britain in
tile years 1812, '13, and '14, shall be and hereby ate placed
upon the same fooling and entitled to all the benefits and
advantages hereinbefore declared and provided for the offi-
cers^nd sailors engaged in tile late war with Mexico."
Mr. NELSON remarked, in substance, that he
had been waiting during the time the bill in ques-
tion had been under discussion, during the last
two or three days, with the expectation that some
gentleman would offer an amendment, provid-
ing for the sailors and marines who so gloriously
served the country in the war of 1812; but amid
all the propositions which had been made, giving
bounty lands to soldiers and sailors engaged in
the Mexican war, to soldieis engaged in the Sem-
inole war, and in almost all other wars in which
the country had ever been engaged,—the "brace
tars," who so nobly sustained their country's flag
during the war of 1812, and gave an imperishable
renown to our gallant navy, seemed to have been
entirely forgotten. Amid this overflowing of pa-
triotism and of gratitude to the brave defenders of
our country, which had been so manifest during
this debate, the hardy and meritorious sailors and
marines of the war of 1812 seemed tqjtfiave been
lost sight of, in the ardor to reward those whose
claims upon the bounty of the country, to say the
most of it, is not more meritorious than the sail-
ors of the war of 1612.
He observed that it was not nesessary, he was
sure, to remind the committee of the glorious vic-
tories our sailors had achieved on our inland seas,
and their not less gallant conduct on every ocean
where an enemy's ship was seen during the
" second war of independence," to insure the un-
divided vote of this committee in favor of the
amendment which he had just submitted.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman from New York to withdraw the
amendment, pledging himself to renew it.
Mr. NELSON withdrew the amendment.
Mr. EVANS renewed it and said:
Mr. Chairman: The amendment offered by the
gentleman from "New Yoi k, and which I have just
renewed, is so similar to one that I had drawn,
that I shall trouble the committee with a few re-
marks upon it. Already, sir, you have adopted
an amendment giving bounty lands to the sailors
of the Mexican ww, and now I wish to know what
good reason can be given for excluding the sailors
of the war ol 1812? Did these latter fight fewer
battles than the former ? Are the former more en-
titled to the grateful remembrance and to the
bounty of the nation than the latter? Are these
the reasons! If they are, let them be avowed.
For my part, sir, I think I know from history
that' your national character was low, and the
sailors of 1812 exalted it; your reputation as a
naval power was little, and they made it great;
your flag was despised, and they made it respected,
and carried it in glory into every sea beneath
heaven; no clime, sir, that was not witness to their
prowess, no wave over which the pea! of their
victorious cannon thunder did not reverberate; and
the American name grew a terror to the nations by
the prowess of their arms and the might of their
indomitable courage, which knew not how to sur-
render.
Who was it, sir, that took the Guerriere, who
the .Tava, who the Peacock, who the Frolic, who
the Reindeer, who the Endy mion, who, in a single
ship, in a night action, two war ships of the
enemy—the Cyane and Levant? Sir, it was the
gallant, the glorious sailors of 1812, who raised
the nation to a pitch of glory from which it never
has descended; who humbled the then haughty
and arrogant mistress of the seas, and divided
with her its empire—through their exertions, sir,
where has notour commerce spread—what part of
the world is not witness of our greatness and our
enterprise? And yet, sir, these men are'to be for-
gotten in a bill providing for the sailors of the
Mexican war! You are not willing that "Jack"
should have, in his old days, some sailor's safe
harbor where he can repose his war-worn frame
and recount the glorious services he has rendered
his country. Alas, sir! "Jack " seldom votes.
But it has been said,sir, by some gentlemen, that
sailors receive prize money, and that therefore
they should not have bounty lands. I should
like to know what prize money the sailor obtains,
when by overwhelming force he has been defeated.
You give your defeated soldier his land warrant;
he may have run away—have been in Hull's or
in any other surrender—no matter; he has his land
warrant.
But the gallant " tars" who were with the gal-
lant Porter, when, in the harbor of Valparaiso, in
the Essex, he was attacked by two enemy's frig-
ates, the Phojbe and the Cherub, and who fought
the American ship till she was crippled, disabled,
dismantled and on fire; and who, then, plunging
into the sea, chose rather to trust themselves to
the mercy of the waves than surrender to the
enemy;—these gallant " tars" had no prize money,
am! you are predetermined to grant them no hounty
land, though you gave it to the sailors of the
Mexican war.
I say, sir, if one is worthy of being rewarded
by this bill, the other is worthy; and if one is to
be excluded from its provisions, let the other be ex-
cluded also; let us deal justice and scatter our fa-
vors with an impartial hand, and not act in the
spirit of a selfish and narrow favoritism, giving
only to those who are best able in return to re-
ward us.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. HOUSTON, who renewed the amendment.
He said he had no disposition to trespass upon the
patience of the House, but as he had not tres-
passed upon the attention of the committee during
the time that this discussion had been going on, he
trusted he should be allowed to submit a few re-
marks.
He desired to say, in the first place, that he con-
curred in the propriety of giving to the officers,
seamen, and marines, of the navy of the United
States, who had served in the last war with Great
Britain, bounty land, if it were to be given to the
soldiers who fought in that war. And he would
say, further, that if it were in his power to sub-
mit an amendment to that which was now pending,
, he should feel it his duty to do so, in order to ex-
i tend the bounty to the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines, who were engaged in the Tripolitan war.
The argument advanced in o^posiiion to this
proposition was, that the officers, seamen, and,
marines, who were engaged in the last war with
Great Britain, were entitled to receive, and had re-
ceived prize money; that those who were engaged
in that branch of the service, consequently, were
not entitled to receive bounties, as officers andsol-
diers of the army were.
So far as the Tripolitan war was concerned, this
argument had no force whatever, for it was well
known to every individual in that House, that the
brave and gallant officers, seamen, and marines,
who captured the "Philadelphia" in that war, have
been, for many years past, applying to Congress
for some allowance, in lieu of prize money, to
which they thought, and to which he thoaghflhey
were justly entitled on that occasion; but they
had never obtained it. If there had been a solitary
transaction in the whole naval history of the
United States, which was calculated to reflect
creditupon thatarm of the service, and honorupon
our flag, it was that transaction.
If the amendment which was now pending should
prevail, and if at the proper time he should be able
to obtain the floor, he should consider it his duty
to move to add to that amendment, or to offer an-
other which would embrace this class of officers,
seamen, and marines of the navy of the United
States.
He would further remark, that so far as the ar-
gument applied to the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines, who were engaged in the last war with Great
Britain, it had not the force which gentlemen
seemed to suppose it possessed. As to the fact
that the officers, seamen, and marines, in the naval
service received prize money, it was but a part of
the public property, property which had been
taken by them for the public benefit. Those who
had suffered defeat, though they had exposed their
lives, and received wounds and borne themselves
as gallantly as if the mostconsummate and complete
victory had'been achieved, received no such com-
pensation for their exertions as in the case where
a capture was made. The country was the gain-
ers when a capture was made, and it was but right
that those who had accomplished the work, or
aided m its accomplishment, should participate in
the pecuniary benefits resulting from it. But in
the case of the army, as a general thing, no such
acquisitions were made in the prosecution of the
war; their operations seldom resulted in anything
else than destruction of property, although there
might be, it was true, an acquisition of glory; but
when an enemy's ship was captured it became the
property of the country by whose seamen it was
captured; if a merchant ship was captured it be-
came public property. It was in consideration of
this fact that they received prize money, and not
merely because tliey were seamen.
The failing of the Chairman's hammer an-
nounced the expiration of the allotted five min-
utes.
He withdrew theamendment at the request of—
Mr. TOOMBS, who renewed it. He said he
could see no good reason why these* bounties
should be confined to those who fought the battles
of the country on land. He had heard no suffi-
cient objection to the extension of them to the
class of persons embraced in this amendment.
Some gentlemen lmd said that' these sailors re-
ceived "prize money. Why, gentlemen must be
I aware that it very frequently happened, as in the
1 last war, that propeity was captured by the land
\ forces, as well as by those who were engaged
1 in the service at sea. He could see no good
! reason, therefore, on that score, why those en-
j gaged in the service on sea were not as much.
1 entitled to receive bounties as those who served on
land. They had done their duty as well if not
better than any other class. But there seemed to
be a disposition prevailing to trespass upon poor
Jack in every way. First, they were for taking
away his grog, then depriving him of his flogging,
and last of all, taking his land away from him.
He was to he deprived of everything, of liquor,
lash, and land. [A laugh,] He knew of no pos-
sible reason why this bounty should not be ex-
tended to seamen, as proposed by this amendment.
' He withdrew the amendment at the request of—
Mr. McDONALD, who, having obtained the
floor, renewed it, and addressed the committee m
substance as follows:
The opposition to thia bill, Mr. Chairman, has
i taken a very singular course. In the first place,
• the gentleman from Maryland, with the voice as
of one crying in the wilderness, (but it is notthit
voice, it is only like it,) has opposed the principle
of the bill, from beginning to end; he has declared
his intention to vote against it, and now he pro-
poses to extend the distribution of the public lands
to an additional class of persons. The enemies of
the bill are coming forward with a series of amend-
ments, all of which are intended'to defeat the bill.
The gentleman from Maryland informed us on
Fiiday last, that he had some half dozen amend-
ments, which he designed to offer; and further,
that he claimed the privilege of offering them all.
What was his object in making that announce-
