1*272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
loent? and what is his object in offering these
amendments? It is done, sir, for the purpose of
breaking down the bill, for the purpose of enabling
gentlemen who have not courage enough to stand
up and openly oppose it, an opportunity of giving
it a fatal stab in the dark.
I say, Mr. Chairman, if the friends of this bill
desire to pass it, it is their duty to stand up and
vote against all amendments that may be offered
from whatever quarter they may come, and more
especially when they come from the open and
avowed enemies of the bill—those who attacked
t when it first came before the House, and who
have ever since been following its track with the
tenacity of a blood-hound, struggling to defeat it.
But what are the particulars in regard to the
course pursued by the opposition? They have
offered proposition aftegr proposition, making these
warrants only valuable in the hands of men who
actually settle upon the lands located under them.
And now they propose to issue land warrants to
all those who have been engaged in the Naval
service of the United States. Is it expected that
the sailor will leave the briny deep and become a
tiller of the soil—that he wilt cease to plough the
ocean, that he may plough these lands ? Does not
every man know that these propositions, if adopted,
will have the effect of injuring those to whom
bounties have already been granted?—that any
warrant given to a sailor, is so much more land
thrown into the market? This amendment in-
cludes a large class of individuals, who, from the
very nature of their occupation, will he compelled
to part with their warrants to speculators. If you
desire to extend to these people the bounty of the
Government in such a way as that it will be a ben-
efit to them, do not give them land warrants, which
they must necessarily dispose of to speculator^,
but give them bounties in money. They have al-
ready received their portion in the shape of prize
money; but if they hav.e not received enough—if
they have not received as much as is due to them
from this Government—if they have not received
as much as they ought to receive, I, for one, am
ready, not to give them land scrip, which they
must be compelled to part with, but i am for giving
them that which they can use.
Give to sailors land bounties, and those persons
who hang around the departments here, acting as
agents, will become the possessors of them. The
sailor knows nothing about the value of lands.
Give him land scrip, and the result will be that he
will be cheated out of it.
I tell you, sir, it is but an insidious attempt to
destroy the bill, by offering plausible amendments,
which if adopted must result m breaking it down,
and under the hypociitical cry of patriotism, to
aim the assassin's stab in the dark. But these
gentlemen will find we are not to be deceived by
this false clamor, and that in the end, the thin and
scanty veil of hypocrisy will be torn from them,
and they exposed, in all their naked deformity—
and the country will know who are for rewarding
merit and who are against it.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, renewed it.
He said: Mr. Chairman, I endeavored to get the
floor before the regular debate was closed on this
bill, for the purpose of advocating us provisions.
I feel a deep solicitude for its passage, and now j
avail myself of the five minutes allowed me for
explanation to say, that I shall oppose every
amendment that may be offered for the purpose of
defeating, or which will, in my judgment, tend to
defeat, its final success. My time will not allo'w
me to do more than make a very brief reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Houston ] In other countries, those engaged in
the service, whether military or naval, are allowed
prize money; but under our Government it is al-
lowed to the navy only, whilst your soldiers who
fight your battles upon land get no share in the
property captured from the enemy. This restric-
tion has existed upon the army since 1776, when
it was dictated no doubt by the necessities of an j
empty Tteasury. Our gallant seamen, when a ,
capture is made by them in war, are rewarded by !
a. division among them of the booty; our equally i
gallant soldiers, when the fight is over, no matter ■
how murh valuable property may have been cap- <
tured, must content themselves with no other re- ;
ward than the wounds and bruises dealt to them i
by the enemy, whilst all the captured property is !
turned over to the Treasury of the Government. I
But the gentleman says that the army -do not cap-
ture, but destroy property. In this he is clearly
mistaken.
In the recent war with Mexico, your army cap-
tured a vast amount of public property, including
provisions, mules, horses, arms, ammunition, ar-
tillery—in fact, all the materiel of war. Much of
this was used tor the public service in prosecuting
this war; much of it was sold back to the Mexican
Government on the restoration of peace, and the
monky put in the public Treasury; and it is true
that some of the arms and ammunition were de-
stroyed. The artillery alone that was captured in
that war was worth more than a million of dollars.
But the gentleman, in his zeal to defeat this bill,
is betrayed into a strange inconsistency. He ar-
gues that soldiers ought neither to receive prize,
money nor land in lieu of it, because he says they
destroy what tfeey capture; and yet, in the eame
five minutes speech, I understood him to insist
that this Congress ought to pay a large sum in
lieu of prize money to the officers and seamen of
the Intrepid, for the capture of the frigate Phila-
delphia, when that gentleman knows, as we all
know, that the frigate was destroyed by those who
captured her, without ever getting her out of the
harbor of Tripoli. Sir, if you establish that as a
principle and apply it to the army as well as the
navy, you will find your Government indebted
millions to the army for property captured and
destroyed in war. But the friends of this bill ask
nothing of that kind. They merely desire that a
meritorious class of brave men, many of whom
were now old and poor, shall be placed on equal
footing with other soldiers who have properly and
justly received the bounty of their Government.
We oppose the amendment because it is cal-
culated to endanger the passage of the bill, and be-
cause sailors and seamen, when they go into ac-
tion, have a chance for prize money, if victorious,
and need no land. They live upon the water, they
fight upon the water, and when death overtakes
them, they are buiied beneath the water. Not
so with the soldier—he has no chance for prize
money, and when the war is over he needs a home
—a soldier in war and a citizen in peace. It is
eminently proper that out of the vast domain we
possess, we should give him a home, where he
may enjoy in peace the remainder of his days,
and find a resting place in death. The navy lias
been the favorite and pet of this Government to the
prejudice of the army; but if I read the signs of
the times to any puipose, it is not the part of wis-
dom for the peculiar friends of the navy, in view
of the feelings and temper that at present pervades
the country, to seek this controversy with the
friends of this bill. It may recoil when it is least
expected or desired. Think you that the same
people who have rewarded the General with the
highest honors in the world, for no other cause
than his bravery a?id his patriotism, will withhold
this small tribute from the private, who was
equally brave and patiiotic?
Sir, justice must be done to the soldier: and just
here 1 will take occasion to say, that you have in
yourTreasury one hundred thousand dollars, which
belongs to the old and worn-out soldiers, and which
ought not to be withheld from them. ~ It happened
thus when General Scott closed his most brilliant
campaign in Mexico by planting the flag of his
country to waive over her capital. The circum-
stances under which that rich and magnificent city
was captured, rendered her, by the usages of war,
liable to pillage; but the humanity of the com-
manding officer forbade such a proceeding, and in-
stead of pillaging, he gave protection to the prop-
erty as well as the citizens of the place. In
consideration of this forbearance, he levied a con-
tribution upon the conquered city for the benefit of
the soldiers of the conquering army. A part of
this contribution was used in furnishing necessa*
ries and comforts to the sick and wounded of the
army, and in supplying to the soldiers shoes and
blankets that they had lost in the siege and in ac-
tion; and the remainder, together with some other
sums that had accumulated in his hands for the
army, and which did not belong to the Treasury,
he sent home to the United States for a specific
and sacred purpose. The amount of the fund thus
sent was $100,000, and the purpose was the estab-
lishment of an asylum or retreat for the worn-out
and decayed rank and file of the army. This fund
was not permitted to go to that humane and noble
purpose, but was sequestered to the Treasury.
Every principle of justice and of right demands
that we should surrender this fund and carry out
the object so wisely and beneficently designed by
its illustrious author. If my time were not out I
should like to draw a parallel between the action
of this Government in relation to marine hospitals
and asylums for seamen, and its utter neglect of a
corresponding care for worn-out soldiers; but as I
have not time, I hope the hint may be useful to the
peculiar friends of the navy who are thus trying to
cripple this bill.
He withdrew (he amendment.
Mr. SACKETT renewed the amendment, and
stated that he was not about to go into reasons
why this amendment should be ingrafted into the
bill. He renewed the amendment for the purpose
of making a few remarks, to show the practical
working of the bill, rather than with any view of
goins: into the discussion of the amendment. 'If
this bill was to p^ss, it would be well that those
in favor of it should understand its practical oper-
ation. He had entered into a calculation, from
which he was prepared to show that it would take
one hundred millions of public lands to pay the
warrants which would be issued under it. And
what practical benefit would result to the soldier?
Under the law granting bounty to the soldiers^who
fought in the Mexican war, about seventy thou-
sand land warrants had been issued. In that law
there is a provision which fixes $100 as the mini-
mum below which a warrant for land worth $200
cannot de depreciated. Not quite two-thirds of
these warrants had been issued, yet the warrants
have already fallen to the lowest price fixed by
the law. This bill contains no such limitation. It
will authorize the issuing of seven or eight times
the number of warrants issued under the last bill.
And with the restriction of the price to which
they can depreciate contained in the former bill,
omitted in this bill, what will this hundred millions
of lands yield for its scrip in the course of four or
five years? You throw this vast amount of your
public lands in market; as those to whom they are
given cannot occupy them, they will soon de-
preciate to almost nothing. The operators who
procure these warrants for the claimants, will take
about one half.of the value of the warrants; and
after deducting the other costs of obtaining full
possession of the boun.y, the real claimants, the
meritorious and gallant soldiers themselves, will
not realize more than twelve dollars and fifty cents
a piece. You thus take one hundred millions of
the public domain and throw it into the market*
while the soldier himself gets no benefit from your
act. I wish now to advise the committee of my
intention, as I believe that the effect of this bill
will be to impede the sales of the public lands for
a quarter of a century to come, to offer, as soon
as I can, a provision which 1 should wish to have
read.
Here the hammer fell, and Mr. Sackett with-
drew the amendment.
Mr. MASON renewed the amendment. He
said that^e thought the gentleman who had just
taken his seat had been voting with a view to
bringing up the amount of the public lands to be cov-
ered by this bill to one hundred millions, and that
was the reason why he had made this calculation.
The gentleman had been voting for all the amend-
ments which had been offered this morning. The
bill, as it had been prepared by its friends, would
not take one fifth of that amount. And these pub-
he lands belong to the people, who desire to give
them to these gailart soldiers, and we are the
agents of the people, bound to carry their wishes
into effect. The gentleman from New York was
the same who wanted to grant six hundred and
forty acres of land in Oregon to every free negro
who would go there and settle on the Jand. And
now the gentleman was unwilling,to give forty
acrcs to the white soldier, who had fought the bat-
tles of his country. He voted to give six hundred
and forty acres to any free negro who would go
and settle down in Oregon, where the people did
not desire such settlers, and now he could not vote
forty acres to the poor and worn-out soldier.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had
also opposed the bill, and no doubt with all hon-
esty and sincerity, and with as pure motives as ani-
mated those who were m favor of the bill. That
gentleman had been a mem ber of this House almost
twenty years, had received his eight dollars per
diem, and several hundreds of dollars every ses-
sion for mileage; and, during that time, the poor
