178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
Senate that that would be the best way of carry-
ing on the business of the Senate and of the coun-
try, I will make no complaint. But as the object
of the honorable Senator from New York and my-
self was to procure the consideration of certain
resolutions which I suppose will give rise to no
debate, and as this resolution certainly ought to
undergo some modification—for, sir, there are
clauses in it which I.presume the honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama himself, on some little consider-
ation, will not require to be retained—I will move,
in order to give time to the honorable Senator from
Al&buna and other members of this body, to give
the matter more mature consideration, to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the honorable gen-
tleman will withdraw that motion for a word of
explanation. 1
Mr. SMITH assented.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The matter now has assumed
a more tangible shape than it did before, for we
have an explanation which I understand to be by
authority.
Mr. SMITH. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. "Then if not by authority, I
do not know wherein or how the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Smith] is authorized to say that
this Administration had given no orders to Gen-
eral Riley until after the date of that proclamation.
Mr. SMITH. I said that no orders had reached
him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know where he got
his authority for saying that no orders had reached
him, because I know of no one who could know
that fact but General Riley himself and the Ad-
ministration in correspondence with General Ri-
ley. I do not know either how the Senator from
Connecticut was authorized to say that the
Administration have sent to the other House a
copy of every letter, dispatch, scrap, or word that
the Administration has written-and sent upon this
subject, unless he spoke by the authority of the
Administration. I do not expect the Senator from
Connecticut to avow in so many w'ords that he
stands upon this floor as the duly authorized and
accredited leader of General Taylor's Administra-
tion, to speak for them. Such, sir, has not been
the custom of Administrations when they deputize
leaders to speak for them upon the floor of Con-
gress. Jn general, those leaders, when so ac-
endited, if rumor be generally true as to their
course of proceeding, have not been in the habit
of speaking so boldly and emphatically as the
Senator from Connecticut has now spoken, when
he says that every word, every scrap, every
letter, and every fact connected with this matter,
has been copied by the Administration and sent to
the House of Representatives. How does he
know it? Is there a man in the country—is there
a man in either House, who has yet seen this
communication to the House of-Representatives?
I undertake to say that, no man has had an oppor-
tunity of seeing it. If the Senator from Connect-
icut has seen this document—if he has seen these
letters, papers, and these scraps, he saw them be-
fore they were communicated to Congress; he saw
them in confidence; he has been admitted where I
am excluded; he is informed whilst we are kept
in the dark, both upon this point and upon the
time of sending instructions to General Riley, and
of the reception of these instructions by General
Riley.
He, therefore, being enlightened on this subject,
and I being here groping m the dark, I submit to
him whether it is fair that he should move to lay
the resolution upon the table and suppress debate; to
keep me in darkness whilst he pours out light in
twinkling rays, that may serve to bolster up the
Administration, and I am deprived of the opportu-
nity of seeing whether, if the whole flood of light
was poured forth, it would notgive a different face
to the subject? I theiefore submit to him, whether
he, who is the accredited leader—he, who has been
behind the curtain—he, who speaks by authority,
has a right to come forward here and deny to us
any proof or explanation, and then move to sup-
press and stifle this call upon the Administration ?
1 deny, sir, that it is proper; and, what makes me
more tenacious on this point is the fact, which he
has already given forth, that he opposes this reso-
lution because it will have to be modified in many
respects, as many of the interrogatories are inap-
propriate, and in relation to other portions of the
resolution the style must be changed, and that this
will take the whole morning hour to go through
with. Ah, sir, is he enough behind the cu'rtain to
see that this resolution of the Senator from Alabama
is better drawn than the one of the House of Rep-
resentatives; that this one cannot be answered
without letting out all the secrets; that this one
goes a little further than that; and just to the extent
that this one goes beyond the resolution of the
House it must be modified, and* the additional in-
formation that it would procure must be sup-
pressed? To the extent only of the resolution of
the other House, it may be answered. Sir, if there
has been any special pleading by the Administra-
tion in this answer to the House of Representa-
tives; if it purports to be a.full answer, and at the
same time would not be a full answer to this, I
want to adopt this, so as to fnake the answer a full
one, and to include all those particulars that may
be omitted in the answer to the other; and, from
the fact that this must undergo modification, that
some of these inquiries must-be stricken out, it
would raise the inference that there had been spe-
cial pleading, with mental reservation, in the an- !
swer to the other House, which this resolution, if
adopted m its present shape, would drag forth to
the light, with all the deformities charged upon
it.
Why, sir, I begin to apprehend now that there
may be something in this matter. I tell the Sen-
ator from Connecticut frankly, that when I com-
menced this morning I had not a shadow of sus-
picion that the answering of this resolution would
implicate the Administration. I desired to vindi-
cate the present and late Administrations and our
republican institutions; but, sir, the course of the
accredited agent of the Administration gives ground
for apprehension that there is some dark transac-
tion hidden here, that these extra inquiries in this
resolution, if answered fully, would bring to light.
For this reason, sir, I do not desire the resolution
modified; I do not desire it curtailed; I wish an
answer to the whole. If this matter has all been !
right, the Administration will stand vindicated be- j
fore the country; if it has been wrong, the country !
has a right to know it, and, for one, I am deter- j
mined to help to bring it to light. I think, sir, |
that it is due to the people of California—due to
the people of the United States—due to the present
Administration—due to the late Administration—
due to our republican institutions—that such a
stigma, or the suspicion of such a stigma, should
not rest upon them.
Mr. CLAY. I really, sir, have no wish to in-
terfere in this contest between the two honorable
Senators—the Senator from Connecticut and the
Senator from Illinois.
It seems to me to be a pretty equal combat; for,
if the honorable Senator from Connecticut has the
advantage in size, as he certainly has, the honora-
ble Senator from Illinois has undoubtedly greatly
the advantage in position, and makes up by that
for any difference there may be in point of size
between the two Senators.
But, really, I have not risen for the purpose of
discussing the matter. I would like to know from
both the honorable Senators whether this is the
state of the case: That a resolution has passed the
House of Representatives calling for certain inform-
ation; that the information has been communi-
cated, but has not yet been made public, and laid
before us; that this resolution calls for precisely
the same information which the resolution of the
House has called for; and without waiting to see
whether the answer will supply what is wanting
or not, it is proposed to pass this, and thus sub-
ject the Executive Department to double labor in
copying the same papers twice. Now, is this the
fact?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Without referring to the play-
ful remark of the honorable Senator fiom Ken-
tucky, I will answer his inquiry by saying that I
do not understand that to be the fact. 1 understand
that there was a resolution introduced in the House
of Representatives, calling for information on the
same subject-matter that is embraced in the reso-
lution of the honorable Senator from Alabama,
which was introduced about the same time here.
The resolution of the honorable Senator is framed
in different language, and contains more extended
interrogatories; the resolution is more searching
in its character; it is one which could not well be
evaded, even if the disposition to evade such in-
quiry exists, which I think is not the case. But
no answer can be obtained which will be satisfac-
tory until we get an answer to the interrogatories
contained in this lesoluuon.
Mr. CLAY. Well, I beg leave to suggest to
the honorable Senator, with the most perfect good
nature, courtesyr and kindness—and ! have no
other feeling towards any Senator—whether he
had not better wait until the call of the House is
answered, and I promise him, for one? that, if the
communication, when pubfrshed as made to the
House, shall be found insufficient, or shall be found
not to comprehend all that the gentleman desires,
I will with pleasure go with him for obtaining ad-
ditional information.
Now, it seems to me that, if they cover similar
though not precisely the same ground? it would be-
better to pause, to wait until the communication
comes to us, and not needlessly impose upon the
Department a repetition of the same labor. If the
Senator will consent to wait until we see what-in-
formation has been communicated to the House*
and that information prove to be insufficient, I will
with much pleasure'concur with him in taking up
the subject and passinga resolution asking for ad-
ditional information.
I beg leave to add a single remark, and it is*
that, if there has been thi3 Executive interference
in California to produce a premature birth of a
State and a constitution, why, I think my worthy
friend from Illinois, instead of censuring this Ad-
ministration, ought to be profoundly grateful for
its liberality; for, if I understand aright, it has
produced a Democratic child. It is an event winch
the honorable Senator cannot fail to hail with
pleasure; for certainly, if interference on the part
of the present Executive in California had produced
this result, I suppose the honorable Senator wil!>
admit that it would have been desired by them
that the child should have borne some other
name.
Mr. DOUGLAS. For the very reason that the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
has just given, to wit, that this new child called
California is a Democratic child, I was clearly of
opinion that this Administration would not claim
the paternity of it; and hence I was unwilling to
believe the rumor that I saw floating about through
the press, that this Administration had coerced the
people of California into the formation of a consti-
tution ; and, sir, I was unwilling to believe that
there was anything but what they would be will-
ing to bring to light at once, in order that we might
see if they had acted fairly or not. Why, sir, I
am inclined to think that I am as much responsible
for inviting the people of California into this Union
as the Administration, inasmuch as 1 brought for-
ward a bill at the last session, the first that ever
proposed to admit California into the Union as a
State, and I am now willing to avow that, from the
specimen I have seen of the California constitu-
tion, and especially from the complexion of the
elections that have taken place under it, I am in-
clined to claim that the paternity belongs to me
rather than to Gen. Taylor; and as the Senator,
therefore, will compel me to let the secret out, my
object is to vindicate the character of this child*
which I believe to be my own, against such scan-
j dal as the Senator from Connecticut is attempting
to inflict upon it. That, sir, I must confess, was
one of my objects in drawing out this information.
Another was this : I knew that, if I would wait
until the answer to the House of Representatives
should come in, and it was not satisfactory, the
Senator from Kentucky would vote for a further
inquiry. I believe I know that Senator well
enough to know that he has no desire and no mo-
tive for concealment upon this or any other point;
but, sir, " 1 have practised law too long in trials of
criminal cases"—I use a quotation—" to show my
evidence and my case to the opposite counsel first,
and then allow them to procure new testimony to
rebut it." I know, sir, that, even in private*
claims, we object to withdrawing evidence after it
has been found insufficient for the purpose; we ob-
ject to allow parties to swear a little harder to see
if they cannot make out a case. I do not believe
that this Administration would vary the testimony
they would send to us after they knew our objec-
tions to the first; but, sir, I do not wish to set
them that example, or to subject them to that
temptation. I would be unwilling to call forth the
first answer, examine it, object to this part, take
exception to that, and then ask them to go on and
make further developments. -After we have ac-
quired the whole facts, let us make our comments
