1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
upon them. I do not wish to take a case up in
piecemeal; give us the whole. ,
And, sir, what serious objection has been yrged
against these resolutions? The expense of copy-
ing a few papers ! It is the first time in this body
that so much time has been occupied about the
paltry expense of copying and printing a few pa-
pers. There must be something behind besides
the expense, otherwise gentlemen" would not be so
anxious to procrastinate and put off the> question.
However, I submit the question, I have no more
to say, except that I think these transactions ought
to be brought to light, and I will vote to adopt the
resolution now.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise only to offer a few observ-
ations; nor should I utter one word upon the
point under consideration but for the fact that the
Senator fro«i Connecticut [Mr. Smith].has thought
proper to suggest, if not accuse, the late Adminis-
tration of being more or less to blame for aught of
evil that may be apparent in the existing govern-
mental organization of California. Ill relation to
this charge I know—not perhaps as much as the
' honorable Senator from Connecticut appears to
know of the present condition of things—but a
good deal, and enough to satisfy my mind that
whatever has taken place in California of evil—if
evil has occurred there—the late Administration
is not-responsible for it. I cannot reconcile it, sir,
to my sense of duty as a member of the Demociatic
party—I cannot recpncile it to my sense of duty
to the illustrious dead, traduced in our hearing
this day, to permit, if I can preventit, the innuendo
from going abroad without being accompanied by
an ample vindication.
With a single other observation I will close these
brief remarks. The honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, who seems to be sufficiently well informed
about a great variety of matters, has disavowed all
knowledge of the material facts, upon the presumed
existence of which this resolution has been brought
into the Senate. Well, sir, although he may have
scrutinized this subject in many of its bearings, it
is most obvious that he has not looked into it in
all its aspects. I will state to him a few facts, not
for the purpose of imparting knowledge, but for
the purpose cf simply reviving m his recollection
what he must have seen in all the public news-
papers of the country of extended circulation that
I have met with, or most of them, from the New
York Herald down. And the first of these facts
is, that ail which has been charged in the course
of the present debate against the existing Adminis-
tration has been published in the most intelligible
form all over the country, and has been to a con-
siderable extent a subject of general remark in all
public places. How 'it happens that the honor-
able Senator finds it in his power now to declare
that he has never been informed heretotore of
the existence of such a charge, I confess myself
wholly unable to understand. I had heretofore
recognized the honorable gentleman as a regular
and diligent reader of newspapers, and should have
supposed it hardly possible that he should have
failed to see it published in many of the now lead-
in  gazettes of the Union, as most certainly I did,
that a member of the California Convention itself
[Mr. Botts] rose up in his place, just at that pre-
cise moment when General Riley vacated the
chair m the Convention, which he had continued
to occupy during its whole session, and said, m
substance, that he felt authorized to state the fact
that coercive power had been employed to bring
about the state of things then existing m Califor-
nia, and that the constitution then about to be
adopted had been forced upon the people of Cal-
ifornia. lie charged further that orders had been
given, in the most solemn and imposing man-
ner, by the powers at Washington, that unless
such constitution as was adopted should be to
the taste of certain high personages here perhaps
including the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
(for he may have admonished them on the subject
by a circular for aught I know)—unless such con-
stitution were adopted as would be suited to the taste
of distinguished gentlemen in Washington, (ln-
cludhio- the President and his Cabinet,) the whole
influence of the Executive would be thrown against
the admission of California as a sovereign State;
and that, on the contrary, in the event of such con-
stitution as should prove agreeable being adorned,
then that influence would be exerted, through all
legitimate modes, for the purpose of bringing Cali-
fornia into the Union as a sovereign State.
Now, I hope the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut does not impute to me any disposition to
impute anything to the Administration or himself.
Not at all. I state to him a fact that he was bound
to know—a fact that has been published, and which
must be disproved, or else this Administration will
remain unvindicated. I state a fact which must
be explained; in relation to which this Administra-
tion must be defended, else it must suffer in public
estimation. And here I must say that I am rather
disposed to sympathize with the Administration in
reference to these matters. I am rather disposed
to uphold than to condemn it; for, sir, it is unfor-
tunate that those gentlemen who take upon them-
selves the leadership on behalf of the Administration
in this hall seem not to inform themselves of the
material facts which they are bound to know'before
they can completely, skillfully, and successfully
perform their duties. Prom the beginning of the
session until this time there has been a blundering
advocacy of this Administration ; a sort of advo-
cacy that is decidedly damning; a sort of advocacy
that would prostrate any administration. I feel
for it. I condole with it. I feel for the honor of
the American republic when the President and his
Cabinet can only be defended in the mode which
has heretofore been adopted by those who have
been his chiefvindicators, never including of course
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky and those
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber, who,
from feelings of modesty, or considerations of pol-
icy, or other reasons equally potential, have ap-
parently declined any prominent connection with
the vindication from time to time of the Adminis-
tion, which has been attempted by others.
I again say, sir, but for the imputation cast upon
the Administration of President Polk by the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut, I should be willing
that the resolution should be passed by for the
present; but, inasmuch as that imputation has
been indulged, I should not feel that I had per-
formed my duty to the illustrious dead, whose
Administration has now terminated, and to the
Democratic party whose principles I revere, and
to whose cause I am devoied, if I failed to urge
as I have done—notwithstanding the physical
indisposition which is oppressing me—earnestly,
although perchance tediously, upon the Senate the
propriety of immediate action on the resolution
now befme us.
Mr. DAWSON. I do notdesire to enter into
this discussion; but it is due to the Ad ministration
—it is due to the country—it is due to ourselves,
that the facts should be presented so that they
may be properly judged of. It is always exceed-
ingly unpleasant, sir, to hear gentlemen on either
side make imputations that are calculated to injure
any member of this body. My honorable friend
from Illinois has denounced here this morning the
language of Senators. He called upon Senators on
the other side of the house to help him in bringing
to light something which he intimated Senators on
this side desired to conceal; making an allegation
as if gentlemen of the Whig party in the Sen-
ate of the United States intended or attempted
to conceal any political act of this Administration
oroftheirown. That is the allegation. Thatthey
desire to cover up. To cover up what ? Now let
me give out to trie country—Senators understand
it very well—that our body has become a theatre
for electioneering purposes; it may do some good
to the country. My honorable friend from Ala-
bama presented this resolution; he did it with the '
proper feeling—a feeling which I appreciate and
respect. A similar set of resolutions were pre-
sented in the other branch of Congress, published
in the newspapers, and seen by us all. Ihey
were adopted in the other branch; and on Monday
morning, when these resolutions came up in their
order, I rose in my place and spoke over to my
friend, the Democratic Senator from Alabama,
and suggested to him that the similarity of the
resolutions might dispense with a reply to both by
the Executive Department. He very politely and
cleverly acquiesced in the suggestion, and, said he,
we will let them pass by until we see what reply
is given to the resolutions of the other House.
The resolutions were according laid upon the table,
and there they remained, sir, until this morning.
Is there any Executive interference here? Has there
been any Whig Senator who sought to conceal
any act, or to cover up any transaction, in order
, to support the present Administration, or to throw
i odium uoon the past? It never occurred'to me,
and I am sure it never did to my friend from Ala-
bama, that there was any such intention. Well',
this morning this resolution, having been reached
in the order of business, was again taken up, and
the Senator from Connecticut rose and made to
the Senator from Alabama the same suggestion
that was made by myself a few days since. The
Senator from Alabama—a Democratic Senator—
the author of these resolutions,'rose in his place
and said, Mr. President, suffer these resolutions to
lie over. He made the motion himself; perhaps it
was not heard by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. FOOTE. I must say I did not hear it.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir; I presumed it
was a mistake. I saw that the horses had gone
off before the drum tap. The Senator from Illi-
nois has made very grave charges, though t do
not think they were intended; but certain it is he
used language that conveyed charges. He called
on Senators to aid him in bringing to light some-
thing which he intimated there was an attempt to
conceal. Now, I call upon the gentleman to say
whether there has been a single occurrence in this
body that would justify the making of such jan .
imputation, and ailowing it to go to the country ?
If there was any Senator, Whig or Democrat, who
attempted to cover up or conceal any act of Presi-
dent Taylor, is there one here who would justify
it? And yet, mark now, that by the reports that
go to the country to-morrow morning, the country
will be overrun by the idea that the Whig Sena-
tors endeavored to cover over or conceal the acts
of General Taylor. General Taylor would be
incapable of making such a requisition of any
honorable man, and no honorable man would suf-
fer it to be made of him by Geneial Taylor. And
yet the charge was made, and it applies more di-
rectly to me, because of the conversation that took
place between the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama and myself on Monday. And yet the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois calls upon one party in
this body to bring something to light which he
represents it is attempted to conceal. Well, sir,
there is not a Senator on this floor who believes
that there has been any attempt at concealment.
Now, sir, I shall vote for this resolution, and
my friend from Alabama knew that I would. His
motive and mine in relation to this investigation is
the name; his desires and mine are the same; and I
am glad to hear the Senator from Illinois concur,
though he claims the paternity of the State of
California. I must suggest here that it was a
tremendous offspring, and I thought it was too *
large to have been begotten by him; but I may be
mistaken. I do not know how the thing was
brought about.
My only object in rising was to place before the
Senate and the country the true position at least
that I occupy in relation to the resolutions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must be permitted to thank
the Senator from Georgia for the very interesting
lecture he has thought proper to favor me with
this morning in regard to the manner of conducting
a debate, in the parallel that he has drawn between
the conduct of the honorable Senator from Alaba-
ma and myself. The honorable Senator has be-
stowed upon me a very animated lccture, convey-
ing the imputation that I had violated the decorum
of debate with the avowed object of vindicating
the decorum of dehate. Not declaring it in so
many words, but conveying that idea by implica-
tion. How, sir, does he sustain that innuendo?
He refers to the word calumny. He knows, or
ought to know, that his friend, the acknowledged
organ of the Administration here, has used the
word. .
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator is mistaken, ine
word calumny never escaped my hps. I used the
word "concealment" and the phrase '/cover up,
but I said nothing of calumny.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am very glad to hear the
Senator say that he did not use the word. I know
he thinks he did not,and I am willing, m accoi dance
with the usual courtesy observed in debate, to re-
ceive the Senator's explanation.
Mr. DAWSON. I am quite certain that 1 did
not use the word. ,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I stand corrected. In regard
to this word concealment, that Whig Senators had
shown a disposition to conceal facts, if he had list-
ened to the debate he would have known that the
Senator from Connecticut had in the most dexter-
ous manner attempted to conceal facts and to sup-
press a full investigation upon the subject. I feel
