1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
these persons, who will take advantage of the ig-
norance and the poverty of ths soldier, to get pos-
session of his title at a low rate.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. CROWELL, who renewed it. Entirely
sympathizing with his colleague on his left, [Mr.
Giddings,] who had expressed himself as more
witling to vote than to speak on this bill, he him-
self had hitherto forborne from taking any part in
the debate. But he must be allowed to make a
remark or two on the course which had been pur-
sued by the professed friends of the bill, and which
he could ,not but regard as extraordinary. He
did not mean to charge them with having acted
improperly. He did not know that it was not
perfectly right and proper for a number of mem-
bers on this floor, who had taken it into their
heads to carry through a certain measure, to in-
vite the friends of the measure to assemble, and
consult and submit to a drill process, for the pur-
pose of forcing it through the House. All this
might be very correct anii very proper, but it did
not so strike him.
Mr. OLDS* (Mr. Crowell yielding for the pur-
pose) said he wished to put a question to his col-
league. When a caucus was held previous to the
war with Mexico, was not his colleague a mem-
ber of that caucus ?
Mr. CROWELL replied, in the first place, that
there had been no such caucus held,and, secondly,
that if there had been, he was not then a member
of the House.
Mr. OLDS said he supposed his colleague would
have been in that caucus had he been in Con-
gress.
Mr. CROWELL resumed. The notice which
was issued by the friends of the bill, and which
was published in the daily papers of Saturday,
was as follows:
" We are lequested by several members of Congress to
notice, that the members of the House of Rppresbutatives
who are friendly to a bill granting bounty lands to the sol-
diers of 1812, will meet this evening, at 8 o'clock, p. m.,at
the Hull ot Representatives. A full attendance is solicited.,J
That was the notice. It was not a summons for
a general meeting of the members, friends aa well
as opponents of the bill, with a view to make the
measure as perfect as possible. But it was a notice
merely to the friendsof the bill. He gave the hon-
orable gentlemen who had called and favored this
meeting, all credit for theirsincerity. But while he
was wiiling to acquit them of any design to cripple
the ad vancementand growth of the West, he could
not but warn them that this result would be thecon-
sequence of their course, as surely as night follows
day, or day follows night; and if ever this bill should
pass, he intended to move so to amend the title,
as that it shall read: " A bill to aid capitalists and
speculators to monopolize the public lands, and to
inciease the price thereof, and to impede the settle-
ment of the western States in which the public
lands are situated." That would be the effect of
the bill, and if he could accomplish it, it should go
forth with its true character branded on its title
page. Let this bill pass, and we shall speedily
see all this property passing into the hands of such
men as Caleb Cushing, and other speculators and
capitalists, who are already engaged m this busi-
ness, and are prepared to go into it still more ex-
tensively. 14 And (said Mr. C.) when your sons
and wives may heieafter desire to possess these
western lands, they will not be able to obtain them
at the Government price, but will be compelled to
go to these speculators and pay them whatever
they may demand." He denounced this whole
System of speculation. He expected to live and
die in the W^st, and he would be recreant to his
own feelings did he not oppose this measure,
wlucli was not for the benefit of the West. He
again disclaimed any intention to charge the friends
of the bill with any improper motive.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GORMAN renewed theamendment, for the
purpose, he said, of having a vote upon it; and
he save notice that he could not withdraw it for
anybody.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The question recurring on the amended amend-
ment of Mr. Hubbard—
Mr. MEADE offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
Section — . Jlnd be it further enacted, tyc., That all war-
rants heretofore issued to soldiers of the war of 1812 with
Great Biitain, or to their widows or orphans, shall be trans-
ferable in the same manner as other military land war-
rants.
Mr. MEADE said the amendment would ena-
ble the holders of warrants issued to the five years
soldiers of the war of 1819, to sell them as others
do, before the land is located. I have warrants
in my possession, belonging to constituents who
served in that war, which, under the law as it now
stands, cannot be sold until located and the patent
issued. It would cost half the value of the land
to locate it, and when located the land would prob-
ably sell for less than the warrant, if it were now
transferable.
While I am on the floor, I will say, that I see
no objection in the friends of a measure confer-
ring together for the purpose of maturing a plan
that shall contain as few objectionable features as
possible, especially when the enemies of the meas-
ure are waging war against it in the way this bill
has been opposed. But I do think it is highly
objectionable that they should resolve to oppose
all amendments intended to make the bill more ac-
ceptable.
This bill proposes to bestow gratuitously the
public lands on soldiers, to whom they were not
promised. The amendmertf of my colleague [Mr.
Bayly] had for its object the payment of a just
debt to the soldiers of the Revolution, who served
in the Virginia State line. This deferred reward
was the only compensation of any value to them.
It was promised by Virginia while she owned the
whole Northwestern Territory. At a time when
the enemy pressed hard upon her, and when she
ceded to the United States her lands northwest of
the Ohio, she reserved a portion (then believed to
besufficient) for thepurpose of complying with her
engagements; but it proved to be insufficient. It
is true, that some of these reserved lands are still
left; but they are not worth the trouble and ex-
pense of location. While we are giving away
those lands, it appears to me that our first duty is
to pay the debts of those whose unequaled valor
and sufferings secured them.
He withdrew the amendment'.
Mr. HUBBARD renewed the amendment, and
said he would not withdraw it, although it was a
proposition which he could not support. He him-
self was a descendant of one who had rendered
services of the class which the amendment pro-
posed to provide for. He considered that the
proposition was just, and if offered by itself, he
would vote for it, and it would, he doubted not,
receive the votes of a large majority of the House;
but it had nothing to do with this bill, and he
hoped as an amendment to it, it would be rejected.
The question was taken and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. DUNCAN offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
•find provided further, That the provisions of this act shall
include all persons who served as aforesaid in the militia
of the several States whose services have been recognized
and paid for by the United Stales.
Mr. DUNCAN said: Mr. Chairman, I offer
this amendment in good faith; and although it is
said that it has been determined in a caucus of the
friends of the bill, to vote down all amendments, 1
feel that it is no less my duty to offer mine to the
committee. The object of my amendment is to
do justice to a class of men who have rendered im-
portant services to the country, and who are not
included in the provisions of the bill, comprehen-
sive as it is. While it includes all of certain
classes who served any periodt however short, it
is limited to such only as were " mustered into the
service of the United States." During the war of
1312, the regular troops were almost entirely
withdrawn from the Atlantic frontier, and the for-
tifications were left almost entirely undefended.
At the same time, the whole sea-board was threat-
ened by British squadrons, and marauding parties
were occasionally landed. The same was, to
some extent, true on the lake frontier. Under
these circumstances numerous bodies of militia
were, in some instances, called out by executive
requisitions, and in others they rallied as volun-
teers to repel the threatened invasion, but were not
mustered into the service of the United States.
Although friendly to the principle of the bill, to
receive my vote it must either be limited to those
who served a term of six months, or if framed to
give bounty land without requiring any term of
service, it must embrace all classes of men who
have rendered military service. Sir, I wish I
c'ould borrow for five minutes the eloquence and
patriotic ardor of some gentlemen who have ad-
dressed the committee, in order to enable me todo
justice to the merits and patriotism of the men
whose cause I advocate. The whole sea-board
witnessed the promptness with which the militia
rallied to the defence of the country. At Platts-
burg, where the British crossed the line with a
powerful force, backed by all their fleet, thegallant
sons of Vermont and New York rushed spontane-
ously to the scene of action.
Here the hammer fell.
He withdrew the amendment, at the_request of
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, who renewed it. He
said, he had several times endeavored to obtain
the floor for the purpose of moving amendments
to the bill, but had always been unsuccessful.
His only object now was to say a word or two by
way of reply to some of the objections which had
been urged by the enemies of the bill. He knew
that his constituents were in favor of this distribu-
tion of the public lands among the soldiers; and he
should be ashamtd to go and say to those among1
them who had served in the o:d wars, that they
were not considered as capable of taking care of
themselves. He cared nothing about speculators.
His constituents were amply able to protect their
own rights and their own property. He did not
know whose constituents had sold their bounty
lands, and been the dupes of these speculators.
Perhaps they were those of the gentlemen who
seemed to be so apprehensive lest thSse lands
should fall into the hands of such men, and who,
on that ground, opposed the bill. As for his con-
stituents, he could only say, that of ail his constit-
uents who had served in the Mexican war, he
had only been called on, in two cases, to sell two
land warrants for them. It was very evident,
then, that they had not suffered much injury from
this swindling machine, as it had been called. He
could trust them to take care of themselves. He
could not understand the propriety of putting into
the bill a provision granting these bounties in land
to these meritorious soldiers, and then attaching
to it another provision to tie up the recipient of
the bounty, so that he could not do as he pleased
with it.
If speculators had practiced on the soldiers who
were engaged in the Mexican war, he thought
there was little danger of their obtaining any large
amount of the grants covered by this bill. There
were twelve States asking for the passage of the
measure, many of these States having come for-
ward with resolutions recommending it. It was a
subject which had been long discussed throughout
the whole country. How then can any gentle-
man talk about its being confined to a few indi-
viduals, who have met in conclave to mature their
plans ? The heart of the whole country is in
the measure. He had told his constituents that he
had voted for the measure before, and that he
should go for it again. His honorable competitor
had also announced his sentiments in the same
way. ^fhere were nineteen-twentieths of his con-
stituents in favor of this bill, and he should strive
to get it through. He assured the committee that
he had no fear of sharpers and speculators. "
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr McLANE, of Maryland, (who renewed it.)
He said, that he should vote againstall amendments
which, in his judgment, had the effect of injuring
the bill. He said he was in favor of the bill, and
he had never proposed any amendment, except
with a view to perfect it upon principles of justice.
He regretted to see that the opposition to the bill
had been strong enough to oblige its friends to
make sacrifices of opinion, that they might unite
all their force upon one and the same bill. He had
examined the bill proposed as a compromise by
the friends of the bill; and though it was not all
that he wanted, and though it did not include all
the Maryland troops, yet he was happy to say it
included many of them, and it should have his
support. The men who fought at-North Point
well deserved the interest he had taken to have
them included in this bill. Many of the city
troops, and some who served three months, actu-
ally refused to receive pay for their service, and
directed the paymasters of the army to appro-
priate their pay to erect a monument in honor of
the dead. Such men wet! deserves the attention
of this House, and he referred to them again be-
cause their history was the honorable fame of their
countrymen.
