1850.
THE "CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
must say again to the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, in order to be consistent with myself,
although it may be still " harping- on my daugh-
ter," that if he had not made that speech this
morning—perhaps eloquent, and judicious inmost
respects—if he had not dropped one or two re-
marks, J would have refrained from offering any
observations; and in a spirit of courtesy to the
honorable Senator from Alabama, have been will-
ing to accede to his motion in regard to the disposi-
tion of the resolution, which motion 1 have but
just learned for the first time that he did actually
make. TheSenator from Connecticut did indulge
in more than innuendo, did state as his opinion—
and his opinion is entitled to much respect in this
matter, for it seems he has scrutinized the whole
aftair—that whatever had taken place in Cali-
fornia under the administration of Governor Riley,
which we would have a right to disapprove, if dis-
closed to us, had been done under the authority of
the late Administration. I say this is an imputation.
While I would be courteous toward the living,
and exercise justice toward those in power, I feel
bound by the most sacred of all obligations to vin-
dicate the calumniated dead. It has been a maxim
with me through life never to speak of the dead,
or the absent, except in terms of commendation.
While I will not say the Senator from Connecticut
in his speech was influenced by bad feeling, or
disposed to do injustice, I will say that, in my
opinion, he has unduly disturbed the ashes of a
deceased President of the United States. He has
uttered remarks which, though not intended to do
so, will rankle in the sensibilities of his personal
and political friends, especially in the South, till
this imputation shall be removed. That can only
be done, in my opinion, by a full response to the
inquiries contained in the resolution of the honor-
able Senator from Alabama, now before us. And
I say, in addition, that if this resolution is riot com-
prehensive enough to give us the fullest information,
such as may rescue the late Administration from
undeserved opprobrium, I should like to see one
that will bring before us the fullest information on.
the subject, so that we may prove to the honora-
ble Senator from Connecticut that he is mistaken;
and then, I doubt not, he will acknowledge, with
that magnanimity which I hope belongs to his
character, that he has unintentionally done injus-
tice. I have a proposition to make to the Senator.
If he will withdraw his charge against the late
Administration, and rise up in his place and de-
clare that he did not intend to say, and does not
believe, that any part of the conduct of the late
Administration in this affair is subject to the cen-
sure he has bestowed upon it, I will acquiesce in
the proposition he has made, and relinquish all
desire to have this resolution pressed to adoption.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope no Senator will be
influenced in his action on this subject by any de-
sire to extend courtesy to me. I ask nothing of the
kind at the hands of any man. I desire them to
vote according to the dictates of their own judg-
ment, and to understand, too, what they are voting
for. It has become so much the fashion here to dis-
cuss everything but the precise question before the
Senate, that it has come to be regarded as the reg-
ular practice and custom, and the Senator who
objects to it is considered captious and ill-natured.
The question is not now whether this resolution
shall be adopted, or whether'! or anybody else is
in favor of it, or even whether we want the inform-
ation proposed to be obtained. That is not now
the question. It was the question the other day,
however, and the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] voted against it. It is his fault that the
information has not been furnished to the Senate;
and I must be permitted to express my surprise at
the new-born zeal to obtain it which seems to ani-
mate him now. Why did he not vote for its
adoption at the time he caused it to be laid on the
table? Who prolonged this matter, and prevented
us from receiving this information before this time?
It was the Senator from Illinois. He moved to
lay it on the table, and his vote carried it there. I
say the question is not now whether we want this
information, or whether it is necessary, or will be
of public utility, but whether it has not already
been furnished to the House of Representatives;
and, if so, is it not an unnecessary requirement to
call upon the Departments again to furnish it to
us? That, sir, is the only question here now. I
think it is very probable that the information has
been already furnished, and I want the resolution
181
passed by now for the purpose of ascertaining
whether it has or not.
I do not intend, Mr. President, to avoid any in-
quiry that may be necessary to elicit any informa-
tion in regard to this California matter; and if that
proposed to be obtained by this resolution has not
been furnished, I shall draw one which will get all
I want. But I do not want the aid of the Senator
from Illinois in this matter. I can get along by
myself; or, if I cannot, I am willing at least to un-
dertake the task. I move, Mr. President, that the
resolutions be laid on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I claim the privilege of ma-
king a single remark. As an act of courtesy, will
the Senator from Alabama give me the opportu-
nity, by withdrawing his motion?
Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the privilege, then, of
the Senate, as an act of courtesy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no way of
obtaining what the Senator desires, except by a
vote of the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I ask, then, sir, a. vote
of the Senate. ■ 
Mr. KING. I hope my colleague will with-
draw his motion, and allow the Senator from Illi-
nois to proceed. ,
Mr. CLEMENS. Very well; at the suggestion
of my colleague, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not say that I regret—
though I did not expect—yes, I do regret that the
honorable Senator from Alabama has given the
turn to this matter which he has. He has charged
me with being responsible for the delay of this
subject, because the other day, when he was
anxious to have it acted on, 1 moved to lay the
resolution on the table, at the same time assuring
him that I would move to take it up in an hour.
The reason I gave was, that it had come up acci-
dentally on a motion of mine to suspend the order
of the day to get at the consideration of another
subject; but I pledged myself that I would move to
take it up in an hour, and would vote for it. With
what fairness, then, can the honorable Senator
from Alabama charge me with having postponed
it to this time, and with having caused this delay?
Can he with fairness charge me with having voted
against this inquiry, when he heard me, and every
Senator heard me, offer to vote to take it up in
an hour; especially when I went to him in fifteen
minutes and offered to move to take it up, and he
told me he dtd not want me to do it, because it
was laid on the table by a sectional northern vote,
and he wanted to prove and use that fact at the
South—that the North would not allow the South
to have an honest investigation of this matter ?
He had accomplished his object, he said. I told
him, if he had accomplished his object, that I
had not accomplished mine, and that I desired to
see the resolution adopted. Hence, I expected
that yesterday, when the subject might have been
brought up, the Senator would let it go over, and I
expect he will do so again. I wish to show that Sen-
ator that my object has never been concealment. I
am anxious to see this resolution adopted, that it
may not be said in the South that the North, as a
stection, has stifled investigation on.this subject.
That was my object to-day in laboring hard to get it
up, and I was astonished that the Senator from
Connecticut did not understand the movement that
was playing and going on. It has been a matter
of by-play "which 1 have understood all the time.
Mr. BUTLER. Understood what?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Understood that the Sena-
tor from Alabama did not desire to have that vote
reversed, because he wanted to hold me to my
vote to lay the resolution on the table. This was
understood by Senators all around me.
Mr. BUTLER. I never heard of such an un-
derstanding. When the gentleman speaks of Sen-
ators all around, may I be permitted to say that he
takes in too many.
Mr. DOWNS. The remark is certainly too
broad.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It has not reached
as far as my seat. I have not understood it.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say that it did not
reach even as far as this spot.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, I will explain. Sev-
eral Senators came to me—I do not know how
many—and said they believed many were willing
this should be regarded as laid on the table, and
kept there by northern votes. I was willing to
reverse the vote of the other day. Other Senators,
so far as I had spoken to them, desired to show on
the record that they were not unwilling that the
investigation should be made. And when it was
whispered in private circles and here, that the
North had been caught, and that it would be held
up as a sectional vote against allowing this inves-
tigation, several Senators spoke to me, and desired*
to have the question taken up. I desired to see it
taken up for two reasons; one is, I saw that
charges had been made against the Administration
of an improper interference in the affairs of Cali-
fornia, and I understood that the State of Georgia
had passed Resolutions censuring Mr. T. B. King
for his agency there. I knew that Senators on
this floor were under the belief that the Adminis-
tration had interposed to coerce and smother pub-
lic sentiment in California. Knowing that fact, I
desired to "see an investigation of the facts; for, if
it turned out true, no man would be louder to cen-
sure the Administration who" perpetrated that act
than I, nor go further to bring to light the supposed
fraud. If, on the contrary, t(iere had been no im-
proper interference, aftd the people of California
had exercised their own free will and choice, I
expected, with proper boundaries and under proper
sircumstances, to vote to receive California into
the Union as a State. My vote, therefore, in a
great measure, would depend on the facts to be
disclosed by this investigation. When I was told
that it was desired to put me into the position of
having stifled inquiry, as a northern man, I was
unwilling to occupy that position. Hence my de-
sire to have these resolutions come up, and to vote
for them.
Mr. KING. I had no intention of saying a
word on this subject. I much regret the course
this debate has taken. I had supposed that it was
the wish of my colleague that this subject should
be taken up and finally acted on, and I was not
aware that he desired any postponement of it. It
will be well recollected that, when it was taken up
the other day, I appealed to my colleague that he
would permit it to go over until the next day, so
that we might go into executive session, as there
was some business necessary to be acted on.
• As to the disposition manifested by any portion
of the Senate with regard to this subject, of which
the Senator from Illinois has spoken, I myself
knew nothing; and if the Senator has been told
that there was any disposition on the part of any
southern man to press this resolution with a view
to effect an object different from what it expresses,
let him name him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I went to the seat of the Sen-
ator from Alabama, just after the vote was taken
the other day, in the kindest feeling, and said to
him that I would move to take up his resolution
at the earliest period on that day. He said to me
that his object was accomplished; that it was laid
on the table by an almost unanimous northern
vote: his object was thereby accomplished, and
he desired the South to understand the matter. I
! said that mine was not, and that he ought not to
make such a use of my motion, because he knew
I only desired to lay it on the table temporarily.
He replied, you may have done so, but you are the
only one. I was desirous, from that fact, that it
should be taken up, and to have that vote reversed,
so that no such use might be made of it, and I de-
sired also to have it taken up, because I think the
resolution should be adopted.
Mr. KING. My course in this body is well
understood. I have never concealed my purpose,
but have gone straight forward to my object, fair-
ly, honestly, openly. I have no desire to have
any vote taken here which would array one section
of the Union against the other, or induce the im-
pression that a portion of the Senators were actu-
ated by sectional prejudice or any improper jno-
tive. I have supposed that this resolntio%was
introduced, as no doubt it was, in good faith, and
for the purpose of obtaining information which we
believe would be important before we act on the
subject of the California bill. So believing, I was
prepared at all times to give my vote in favor of
the resolution, not because I suspected any im-
proper conduct, or was disposed to bring charges
against any department, but simply, as a Senator
of the United Statee, to get such information on
the whole subject as would enable me to come to
a correct determination in my final action on this
subject. Was not this proper ? We are told, and
by my colleague, that this information is in the
House of Representatives, and therefore it is un-
