1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275-
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS renewed the amendment. It
had not been his purpose, he said, to offer a word
in relation to this bounty land bill. He had no
desire to debate the question, whether bounties
should he granted, or not; but, as the gentleman
from Ohio who last addressed the committee had
thought proper to allude to it in a manner that
would convey the idea that the friends of the meas-
ure were acting expressly for the purpose of ben-
efiting speculators and of destroying the entire
land system of this country, he would take the
liberty of saying a word or two in justification of
the vote which he intended to give. How it
was and why it was that the political friends with
whom he had always been associated, should all
at ortce become so sensitive on the subject of the
public lands, he was at a loss to know. He re-
membered having enlisted, some years ago, under
the Whig banner in favor of a distribution of the
public lands among the Slates; he remembered,
too, that his friends were then for voting millions
of dollars for internal improvements, and he re-
membered the remarkable fact, that out of a mil-
lion of dollars that had been voted to his State,
only an hundred thousand had gone there.
He was willing to assist in sweeping from the
public Treasury the entire income from the public
lands, and in placing those lands in the possession
of the States. But now, when only one twentieth
of them, according^ the statement of Uie gentle-
men themselves, was to be appropriated to a patri-
otic purpose, they became alarmed—they had great
fears that they should be compelled to resort to
direct taxation, or to a new system of excise, as a
means of replenishing the Treasury; that our pres-
ent system of duties upon importations would not
be sufficient to support the Government. He had
no fellow-feeling with those who entertained sen-
timents like those; he coulcl participate in no such
fears; he could not believe that because one twen-
tieth of the public domain was to be divided out,
and bestowed—call it a gratuity, a donation, or
whatever they pleased—upon the soldiers who had
fought the battles of the country, this Government
was to be destroyed thereby. He apprehended
no such result. Northern gentlemen who were in
favor of giving more protection to the manufactur-
ing interest, certainly could have no reason to dis-
cover in this measure any cause of apprehension.
But they were told that it would destroy our en-
tire land system. Suppose (said Air. W.) that
land wan ants were issued to the amount of fifty
or an hundred millions of acres, have you not a
tract of country larger than the whole thirty States
of this Union, composed of public lands? Can it
be possible that it can be seriously apprehended,
that this country would be materially injured by
taking away one twentieth part of the public land
and bestowing it upon those who have fought your
battles?
He certainly could not reconcile it to himself,
nor could he conceive that he was discharging his
duty to his constituents, if, while he weAvilling
to give these lands to the severe! States, tc^e used
as they might think proper, he should hesitate to
grant'a portion of them, in the shape of bounties,
to deserving soldiers. Under no circumstances
could he have a feliow feeling with an individual
who took such a course.
He had made these remarks with reluctance, for
he had a decided objection to speech-making; but
when he saw members of the party to which he
belonged, speaking in contemptuous terms of the
measure before the committee, he felt it to be his
duty to say, that upon this subject he disagreed
with them entirely.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DURKEE renewed it. He said, Mr.
Chairman, I am not opposed to making a just
compensation to soldiers who have served in de-
fence of their country. But 1 am opposed to this
bill, which, if it become a law, will haye the effect
to transfer from the Government the control of
eighty millions of acres of our public domain to
land-jobbers and speculators. Sir, the public
lands are placed under our care for high and noble
purposes; our career of profligacy has been car-
ried far enough in our miserable bounty system,
connected with the Mexican war. I am aware
that some of our western friends think this meas-
ure will operate favorably for the new States, in
reducing the price of land. But this, I fear, blinds
them to the real difficulty with which this measure
is fraught—that is, the control it gives the specu-
lators m selecting all the finest locations. Why,
sir, give me capital enough, and under the opera-
tions of such a law as you propose in the passage
of this bill, I could purchase all the choice public
lands in Wisconsin, give away one fourth of them
to actual settlers, and make a thousand per cent,
on the balance. Sir, the temptation to the capi-
talist is already so great, that large investments
have been made "in the State where 1 reside. An
English nobleman has purchased forty thousand
acres in one of our western counties. A firm in
the city of New York has purchased some forty
thousand acres in the countyofSheboygan, besides
something like fifty or sixty thousand acres in
other counties. There are other extensive opera-
tors in buying and selling land warrants, who have
made their hundreds of thousands of dollars, in
Wisconsin. Sir, the only true policy for this
Government, in relation to public lands, is the
adoption of the measures recommended by the
advocates of land reform—that is, to grant the
lands to the actual landless settlers in limited
quantities. This, sir, is the way for the country
to realize the greatest pecuniary advantage to
maintain our Democratic institutions, by making
the great mass of the people independent, with
their own homes, thereby preventing the establish-
ment of an overgrown, overbearing, landed aris-
tocracy. Look, sir, at Great Britain, the soil on
which resides twenty-five millions of people,
owned by thirty thousand freeholders.
Sir, we should be alarmed at this startling fact,
and provide for the arrest of an evil that has prored
so disastrous in the Old World, by a decree that
all the public lands hereafter shall be disposed of
to none but actual settlers. The gentleman from
Kentucky complains, that if we defeat this meas-
ure, that the poor of our cities and the vicious
will occupy the public domain. Sir, this is the
grand desideratum for which we should look—the
removal of the poor and dependent, and even the
vicious, made so, manyof them, by starvation and
want in our great commercial cities. 1 consider
the discharge of this duty the exercise of one of
the highest prerogatives of good government.
Pass this bill, sir, and bring into market thousands
of competitors in the sale of land warrants, cover-
ing area enough for twelve or fifteen States as
large as cither of the New England States, and
you will'notonly have a great increase of the poor
and unfortunate of which the gentleman from
Kentucky speaks in your cities, but you will
have, at no very distant period, a miserable ten-
antry throughout the country.
The reduction of price in the public lands will in-
crease, rather than dimmish speculation, as I have
already remarked, in enabling the speculator to
make a choice selection at a trifling cost. Mr.
Wadsworth, who died a few years since in west-
ern New York, leaving an estate worth ten mil-
lions of dollars, made an immense purchase of the
Holland Land Company at six cents per acre,
now worth seventy-five dollars per acre. Sir, for
these reasons 1 shall vote against this bill, with the
hope that it will not pass. I wish this eighty mil-
lions of acres of lands to be retained, to come un-
der the new system of land measures, more wise,
and for which the whole country is now ripe. If
our soldiers have not been sufficiently paid, let
gentlemen bring in a bill for their relief, payable
in money, and I will vote for it.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR renewed it. He remarked that
this measure certainly commended itself, in his
judgment, to their setious consideration, as one
entitled to the favorable action of that body; and
so long as there could be no objections serious in
their character, striking at the prosperity of the
country, urged against it, he really could not be
induced to withhold his support from the bill.
What were the objections that were urged against
the bill? His honorable friend from Ohio, and
the gentleman from Maryland, had presented the
main objection, when they stated that it would be
a violation of faith on the part of the Government
to part with a portion of these lands, inasmuch as
they were pledged to the public creditor.
But had the gentlemen referred to the act au-
thoiizing the loan—the act to which reference
had been made?—he meant the act which was
passed in January, 1847, authorizing the issuing
of Treasury notes, and the negotiation of a loan
to carry on the war against Mexico. He believed
the greater part of that loan had been redeemed.
The faith of the nation must be strictly preserved;
he would do nothing that would approach, in the
smallest degree, towards a violation of national
faith; its preservation was paramount to all other
considerations; but he must be allowed to say, that
from the examination which he had given the mat-
ter, he could not but come to the conclusion that
the gentlemen were under a misapprehension, es-
pecially when they supposed that the amount that
would be granted under the provisions of this bill
would be twenty-two millions of acres. He did
not believe it would require ten millions of acres
to pay bounties to the soldiers of the war of 1812,
to those who fought under General Wayne, and
to those who were engaged in the war in Flor.da;
and when he heard the gentleman from Georgia,
the other day, draw a picture of the pitiable con-
dition of a man in his own State, who had served
under General Wayne, it orcurted to him that he
could draw a similar picture for every district iri
the United States.
'He withdiew the amendment.
Mr. GORMAN renewed it, for the purpose, he
said, of having a vote.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment originally offered by Mr.
Duncan was rejected.
Mr. MOORE offered the following amendment:
*/2nd be it further enacted, That for all persons not embraced
in the foregoing propositions, it iJ hereby further provided,
that it may he lawful for any citizen ol the United States
being of lawful age, or an alien rending within the same
who shall have at the tune of the commet.cementof the op-
eration of this bill, in cine f'oi m ol law, declared his intention
to become a citizen, to file in ihe proper land otticw a claim
of preemption to any unoccupied quaiter section ot' tin- pub-
lic lands which shall have been duly surveyed and offered
f r sale, and which shall bo open to pn\are entry at the'
minimum price of public lands : P, ovided, That such claim
shall be invalid unless it be accompanied by an affidavit or
affirmation in wrmn^ duly certified, Dial Hie person filing
Mich claim, and making such affidavit or affirmation is not
owner or claimant of any other land or re^l estate whatso-
ever, and that he or she intends in good faith to piocet-d
foitlnvith to o< cupy and cultivate the land dc-cribcdm such
claim, and upon the filing ot said claim, sueh land shall
not be subject to location or entry by any other person for
the period of one year from the date thereof.
Sue. *2. Jiiul be 11 further enacted, Th.it aftei a residence
of one year from the date of said clann upon the aforesaid
tract of land by the said claimant, he or she, or in ease of
his or her decease, his. or hei heirs or devisees shall be enti-
tled to receive from said^and office a warrant of pigeinpuon
which shall secure to said claimant the rightful and legal
possession ot the tiaet specified in said wairant, for the fur-
ther term of six years from the date thereof, with the privi-
lege of purchasing the same, or any legal subdivision of
eighty acres, at the rate of one dollar and tvventy-^e cents
per acie, with lawful interest from the date of said warrant;
but whi h said preemption right, shall cease, and be ab-o-
lutely null and void whenever the original claimant thereof,
or his or her heirs or devisees, shall have removed from, or
relinquished possession of the laud descabed in said war-
rant.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enactctU That at anytime after
a lesidence ot four years upon said laud, and before the ex-
piration of the term of six years ainres.ud. the said occupant,
upon due and conclusive p'oot to the satisfaction of the re-
gister and receiver in the pinper land office, that he or s-he
ha> resided upon said land for the full term of four years,
and has cultivated the same, accompanied by his or her at-
fidavit or affirmation in writing, that he or she has not bar-
gained to sellhis or her interes't in, or cj<uih tiieieto, or any
poition thereof, and that ho or she fully intends to reside
upon said tract or the remainder of his or her natural hfe,
he shall reef ive fioin said land office a certificate ot right of
oceup.incy which shall secure to him oi her, and to lug or
her heirs, devisees, or voluntary assigns, a right to possess
and occupy, without limitation of time, any legal subdivis-
ion of eighty acres of thr land described m said certificate :
Provided, That if such claimant he the married or widowed
head of a family, he or she shall be entitled to a ceinticate
of right of occupancy for the whole of the laud described in
said certificate ; and the land thus describe d m caul certifi-
cate shall not he diverted from such occupant, his or her hens,
devisees,or voluntary assigns, by virtue of any ludgment
or other piocess ot law whatsoever; hut the said right of
occu ancy shall cease and bti absolutely void whenever the
legal holder thereof shall have become the owner of more
than one hundred and sixty acres ot land, inclusive ot the
land described in such certificate ; and in thai case the land
«.o held hv the riuhtof occupancy shall revert to the Untied
Staes: Pyovided, That any person owning otivr lands, to
whom a tract held by right of occupancy may descend, or
be devised, .'hail have six months in winch to famish ptoof
to the proper otficei, that he has legally conveyed said tract
to some p rson who owns less than one hundred and sixty
acres, including this tract, ot that he has di.-posed of other
lands helongio" to him, so as to reduce the aggtegate ov\ ned
or claimed by him, including this tract, to one hundred and
sixty acies or less, or shall have paid the United States for
the laud so devised to, or inherited by him, dee-crib^d in t
said certi"cate, at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre, with lawful interest thereon from the date
of the warrant of piegmplion ; and in every ease ot furnit-
ure it «hnl! be the duty of -the district attorney ol the
Drilled States for the district in which the forfeited laud is
situated, to institute and prosecute an action to recover to
the United States the lands so forfeited.
