1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Sec. 4. Jindbeit further enacted, That on and after the
expiration ot the six years specified in any such warrant,
the whole or any portion of the tract described therein,
which shall not within the term of preemption have been
purchased of the United States and paid for, or been con-
veyed by certificate of right of.occupancy as aforesaid, shall
be opened to entry and sale as if such warrant had not been
issued.'
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every applicant to
purchase, except as hereinafter provided, after the first
diy of June next, any public lands of the United States,
whether at public auction or by private entry, shall before
obtaining title to the same, be required to make and file in
the proper land office an affidavit or affirmation setting forth
thai tie or she desires the same or the whole thereof, for
occupation, improvement, and use, by him or herself, and
has no intention of selling or disposing of the same, or
any part thereof; and to any and every person refusing to
file fuch an affidavit or affirmation, the minimum priee of
the public lands shall be five dollars per acre.
" Sec 6. Jind fee it further enacted, That any willful false
swearing or affirming in any proceeding under the provisions
of this act, ^hnil be deemed to constitute the crime of per-
jury, and shall be punished by imprisonment for the tertn of
three years at hard labor in a State prison, and by a fine not
exceeding one thousand dollars, at the discretion of the
court; and on conviction of any offender, the title ac-
quired by his or her false swearing shall revert to the United
States
Sec. 7. JinA be il further enacted, That any persons hav-
ing a right to land under the provisions of th>s act, shall
hive the privilege of selling and disposing of the same as
they may see proper, upon paying to the United States the
minimum piice ot public lands witii interest from the date
ot'the locmou ot the same.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected to
the reception of the amendment on two ground?:
First, that it was, as he understood, now pending
as a bill before the House, and therefore by the
rule out of order; and second, that it was entirely
incongruous and irrelevant, being of the nature ofa
proposition granting preemption rights, while the
bill granted lands to military services tendered to
the country, and that it was therefore out of order.
Mr. MOORE stated that no such bil! was now
* pending before the House.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the second point
made by Mr. Thompson, and ruled the amendment
out of order.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
" That all the benefits of this ?ict shall be extended to the
iion-coiniinssioned officer?, privates, and musicians of the
'Old Fourth regiment ot United States infantry," who served
in the war ot i8L*2 tor a period of six months, or more."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected to
this amendment as out of order, on grounds which
he stated.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection and
decided the amendment in order.
Mr. KING, in explanation of his amendment,
said: This regiment, sometimes called "Boyd's
regiment," was enlisted previously to the com-
mencement of the war, and served on the Wabash
and at the battle of Tippecanoe, under General
Harrison; they greatly distinguished themselves
in this battle, as they did afterwards on the north-
ern frontier, where they manfully met and van-
quished British veterans at Lundy's Lane and
Bndgewater, under the command of Colonel James
Miller. No soldiers have more distinguished
themselves since the war of the Revolution, and
none so well deserve the bounty of the Govern-
ment. This class has never been in any way pro-
vided for. The soldiers of the war of 1812, who
enlisted after its commencement, were entitled to
bounty land in larger or smaller quantities; but
soldiers of this regiment might have served for
five or six years, and to the termination of the
war, without becoming entitled to any bounty
land. Attempts have been made m former years
to obtain from Congress some acknowledgment of
the meritorious service of this distinguished regi-
ment—their merits and claims have been fully ad-
mitted, but justice to them has been too long de-
layed, and now, neither on points of order, or on
any other small point, should justice be denied to
these gallantoid soldiers. For one, (said Mr. K.)
if this amendment is not adopted, he should not
be able to vote for the bill; and now, these
soldiers, who were the companions in arms and m
glory with Harrison and Miller, must be provided
for, or Congiess will be taxable with gross and
crying injustice.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who renewed
it, and yielded for a moment to
Mr, GORMAN, who said, under the act of24th
of December, 1811, these very men were entitled
to bounty lands, and they had, no doubt, ail re-
ceived them years since. He held in hi3 hand the
act of Congiess to which he hud alluded; it granted
three months'extra pay and one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
Mr. KING said, if the gentleman from Missis-
sippi would allow him, he could read to the gentle-
man from Indiana a letter of General Harrison's,
stating that these men had not been paid down to
the date when he wrote, and it was known to all
that they had not been paid since that time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, renewed the
amendment. He stated that the object of this
amendment was to extend the boupty lands to
another class, already provided for by the existing
law. It was no new precedent. These persons
were also provided for under the law now in force;
and although there wa3 nothing objectionable in
the tenor of theamendment, yet as it was altogether
unnecessary, he should vote against it. He did
not rise to enter into any discussion of the subject,
but merely to state his opinion that the amend-
ment was not necessary, and he hoped that it
would be rejepted.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr.'HARALSON offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no transfer of
land granted in virtue of this act, or any other law giving
bounties of land to non-commissioned officers, musicians
and privates, shall be valid unlessthe contract or agreement
thtrefor, or letter of attornevgiving power to sell or convey,
shall have been executed after the patents shall be issued
and deliveied to the persons entitled thereto."
Mr. HARALSON said his object in offering
the amendment was to provide, as far as possible,
against any frauds which might be attempted to
be perpetrated upon the rightful owners of this
land; and in order to secure this object, he pro-
posed not only that the warrant should issue in
the name of the party who had done the ser-
vice, but that it should be issued and delivered to
him. Perhaps nine tenths of the frauds practiced
under the bounty warrant act of 11th February,
1847, had originated in the failure to identify the
soldier. He explained the mode in which these
frauds had been perpetrated, and that his amend-
ment would go far to obviate them—that it would
put the trial of the fraud in the courts of justice
and give the advantage to the party to whom the
land was originally granted.
A motion by Mr. FOWLER that the commit-
tee rise, was rejected.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Haralson, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SACKETT moved the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
And be it farther enacted, That any inhabitant of the
United Slates who shall file his affidavit with the Secretary
of the Interior, that he is not the owner of any land or real
est-ite or possessed of personal property of the value of one
thousand dollars, and who shall, in his own p:oper peison,
go into the actual possession of eighty acres or one hundred
and >ixtv acre*? of the- public lands, subject to private entiy,
and shall continue actually to occupy and cultivate the
same for the t^rm of three years, shall be entitled to receive
a patent therefor surrendering to him the title thereof in fc<\
And such oecupantshall be entitled to hold such possession
against any person or persons claiming or to claim the
same; and the land so occupied shall not be sold during
such occupancy. The right to the possesion given under
this act shall nor be assignable, but all rights under it shall
descend to the widow and children of the occupant. Every
person claiming title under this act, before he shall receive
a patent therefor, shall pay into the Treasury, for eighty
acres, three dollars, and for one hundred and sixty acres,
five dollars, as the cost of survey and title papers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, raised the
point that the amendment was incongruous, and
irrelevant, and therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed from the
decision.
After a brief conversation—
The question was taken on the appeal, and deci-
ded in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was held to be out of order.
Mr. HOAGLAND offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
•find provided further. That all soldiers actually mustered
into the service of the United States, to serve in the late
war with .Mexico, who Were taken to the seat of war, and
di^chaiyed by reason of disability, but who have not re-
ceived their bounty, because of the want of a certificate m
due form, from a surgeon of the army, shall be eniitled to,
and recrive the same quantity of land to which they would
have been entitled had they received such certificate.
Mr. HOAGLAND said: Mr. Chairman, there
has been such a variety of amendments intro-
duced to the bill before the committee, that-it is
with considerable degree of reluctance I propose
the one which has just been read. I offer it, how-
ever, in good faith, without any design of incum-
bering the bill, or embarrassing its passage.
I am in favor of the principles and mam features
of the bill, and shall vote for it—however much
it may be mutilated—whether the amendment I
offer prevails or not,—leaving the responsibility
to rest where it should, up6n those who have
loaded it down with amendments, with a view and
for the purpose of defeating it entirely. The diffi-
culty which is sought to be remedied by the amend-
ment must be apparent to all. It is one that could
not have escaped the notice of gentlemen who are
conversant with the rules which have been adopted
for the government of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions. Sir, through inadvertence, negligence, or
perhaps misapprehension of acting surgeons of
the army, many of your soldiers who have been
discharged on their certificates'and sent home by
the authority of^the Government, have not been
able to avail themselves of that bounty which was
doubtless intended to be provided for them.
Owing to the very rigid rules which have been
adopted by the departments, when a soldier has been
discharged, before the expiration of the time for
which he agreed to serve, and the certificate which
is required to accompany the discharge upon
which it is predicated, does not exhibit the fact
that the disability for which he had been dis-
charged the service was incurred while in the ser-
vice and subsequent to his enlistment, a warrant is
denied him.
This, sir, presents an exceedingly hard case—
one of gross injustice to the soldier. Though he
may have served almost the entire period of his
enlistment, yet by reason of the certificate not ex-
pressing what is required by the department, he
must lose his hard earnings. Sir, this is an out-
rage which should not4je tolerated—a remedy
should be afforded without delay. The soldier
who has served his country in good faith in the
hour of need, should not be thus treated by the
Government he has served. He should not be
deprived of that allowance to which he is equita-
bly entitled, because of a non-compliance by the
officer appointed over him with technical forms
which have been adopted through the tenacity of
the head of the department through which his
rights have to pass and be adjudicated.
Sir, I am not talking at random when I say, that
there have been instances of the kind to which (
have alluded. A case of such unjust treatment
occurred with a citizen sold'er within the district
which I have the honor to represent. A respecta-
ble young man, of the vicinity in which I reside,
soon after the news was received that General
Taylor had been probably defeated at Buena Vista,
went forward and tendered his services to his
country. He left a home to which he was at-
tached, and severed himself from relatives and
friends who loved and cherished him, and toolc up
the line of maich to theseat of war. With a con-
stitutio^vigorous $nd robust—one that seemed to
defy p^Rations and hardships—and, in the enjoy-
ment of health, that seemed only capable of being
interrupted by exposure incident, to a soldier's life
in a foreign and unhealthy climate. He crossed the
Gulf and disembarked nearMatamoros, where dis-
ease and affliction seemed to have awaited him. He
was subsequently discharged by reason of his af-
fliction, founded on the certificate of an assistant
surgeon. He returned to his former home, and
afterwards made application for what he con-
ceived to be due him from the country he had suf-
fered for. And how, think you, his application
was met? Not that he had deserted his coun-
try's flag—no, for he had an honorable dis-
charge from the Colonel commanding the post,
but that the certificate of the surgeon was not in
due form.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
u And all the sailors and marines of the naval forces
which have at any tnr.e been e.igaged m buttle, with shore
batterie®, or forces of the enemy, where no prize money
could be gained, or have actually served with the land foices
against the enemy, shall receive one hundred and sixty acres
of land."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, raised the
point of order, that this amendment had substan-
tially been offered before, and voted dosvn; and
therefore, that it was not again in order.
