1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order."
Pending which—
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials and petitions were
presented under the rule, and appropriately re-
ferred :
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: Two petitions of
236 Citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for a grant of laud to
the soldiers of the war with Great Britain.
Also, two petitions of emrens of Pennsylvania, for an al-
teration ot the existing tariff laws.
Also, the petition of citizens of McKean county, Penn-
sylvania, for a mail-route from Carestown, via Mill Creek,
Evans's Corners, Tristles's Point, thence up the east side of
Potato Creek.
Also, the petition of citizens of Warren county, Pennsyl-
vania, lor a change m the nnul-roule from Titusvilk, Craw-
ford county, to Perry, tn Warren county, so that it shall pass
by way of Enterpiise and Holland, in Venango county.
Also, the petition of citizens of Potter county, Pennsyl-
vania, for a mad-route from Culletvport, Potter county,
Pennsylvania, to Wellsville, m the State of New York.
By Mr. MILLION : The petition of Nelson H. Hodges,
heir of William Hodires, pra>u g remuneration tor injuries
to property while in the occupancy of troops of the United
States during the last war witn Great Britain.
Also, the petition ot the heirs of John Barnes, praying
for conimiltation pay and interest due the *aid Barnes, (or
his services as a lieutenant during the revolutionary war.
By Mr. ALEXANDER: The petition ot F. E. Spinner
and 120 othcis, citizens of Herkimei county, New York,
prajin* Congress fo establish the rate of postage ori prepaid
letters at two cents per half ounce, or for the entire aboli-
tion of the Government postal system.
BV Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The rPmon«trance fff
Robert Germany and 25 others, * ltizens of Amite county,
Mi^-isnppi, against the removal of the land office Irom
Washington, hi that State, to Monticello, in the same State.
By Mi • MKACHAM : The petition of J. A. Beckwith and
160 eitizvtis of Middleburg, and Thomas Fuller and 33 citi-
zens of Ripton, Vermont, asking a change In, the revenue
laws of 1818.
By Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee: The memorial of the
Mayor and Aldeimen of Memphis, praying the establishment
of a marine hospital nr that place.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Mrs. Rachel
Maule, asking indemnity foi French spoliations previous
to 1K10.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of Ly-
man. Kinsley and 149 others, citizens of Canton, m Massa-
chusetts, pravirnr for an additional duty on iron.
Bv Mr. CALVIN : The pennon of Andrew J. Hunter and
29 oilier*, citizen* of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying for
a modification of the tanfF ol l£4i).
Also, the petition of E. McGravv, George. Fisher, and
27 other*, citizens ol Blair county, Pennsylvania, aUo pray-
ing for a modification of the tariff of 1846.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 24, 1850.
Mr. HUNTER presented the credentials of the
honorable R. W. Barnwell, appointed by the
Governor of South Carolina to fill the vacancy oc-
ras'oned by the death of the honorable Franklin
H Elmore, which were read.
Mr. Barnwell was then duly qualified and took
his seat.
•MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BALE presented a petition from citizens
of Gaines and Barre, Orleans county, New York,
asking the repeal of all laws by which slavery or
the slave tiade is sanctioned in the District of
Columbia, or in default thereof that the seat of
Government be'removed to some more suitable
location.
Also, one to the like effect from citizens and
eloctors residing; m Rome, Lenawee county, in the
State of Michigan.
Also, one to the like effect, from citizens of Lon-
donderry, Rockingham county, New Hampshire.
Also, one to the like effeet, from etttzens of
South Reading, in the county of Middlesex, in the
State of Massachusetts; all of which were ordered
to he on the table.
Also, from citizens and electors of Rome, Lena-
wee county, Michigan, and from citizens of
Stockbridge, Berkshire county, Massachusetts,
asking that slavery and the siave trade may be
expressly prohibited by act of Congress in all
the territories of the United States; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, fiom citizens of Londonderry, Rocking-
hein county, in the State of New Hampshire; from
citizens of Rome, Lenawee county, Michigan, and
from citizens of Stockbridge, Berkshire county,
Massachusetts, asking that no State may hereafter
be admitted into the Union whose constitution
does not prohibit slavery; all of which were ordered
to lie on tha table.
Also from citizens of South Reading, Middlesex
county' Massachusetts; from citizens of Rome,
Lenawee county, Michigan; from citizens of Stock-
bridge, Berkshire county, Massachusetts; from
citizens of Londonderry, Rockingham county,
New Hampshire; and from citizens of Roonton,
Morris county, New Jersey, asking that, when an
arrest is made of fugitive slaves in any State other
than where service is claimed, he shall not be
delivered except on the finding of a jury that he is
the slave of the claimant; aliof which were ordered
to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
to the State of W isconsin a donation of public lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from the city
of Milwaukee to the Mississippi river, reported
the same back with an amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Susan Coody and others, asking indemnity for
losses sustained in consequence of depredations
committed by United States troops, submitted a
favorable report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was leferred the petition
and papers of Priscilla Prewitt, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of the heirs and representatives
of Uriah Prewitt, deceased.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution to print
the additional report of the Secretary of War on
the geology and topography of California, reported
m favor of printing 5,000 additional copies of the
same; which was agieed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr.«CLEIVLENS, in putsuance ot notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to be entitled
i4 An act to cede the public lands remaining unsold
the 1st day of January, 185-, to the States in
which they lie respectively, and for other pur-
poses, " us follows:
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted. #c., That all the public lands re-
maining unsold on the 1st d.iy of January, 185-, shall be,and
the same are hereby ceded to the Slates in which they he,
respectively.
" Sec. *2. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the public re-
cords, book*, maps, and papers belonging to any of the land
ofhees in any of the States .-hall be turned ovei to such per-
son or persons a* the Governor of each N tate may direct.
(k Sec. 3. %r.hid belt further enacted, That each Stale shall
regulate the mode and manner of sales of public lands with-
in iu limits after the 1st day of January, 1S5-; as also the
puce at which the same shall be sold.
" Sec. 4. JJrul he it fu-rtkcr enacted. That one third of the
proceeds arising from the sale uf public lands in each State
shall he invested m stock of worK* of internal improvement
within the same; and one third of said proceeds shall he
applied to tlie establishment of common schools under the
direction ol the Legislature; and the remaining third shall
be applied in such manner as the Legislature of each State
may dnect."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of John Edsall; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend the act
entitled 44 An act to raise for a limited time an ad-
ditional militaiy force, and for other purposes,"
approved February 11, 1847; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on,the Public Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. RUSK gave notice that he would to-mor-
fow, or some eaily day thereafter, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to provide for raising additional regi-
ments of dragoons.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Numerous adverse reports, about eighteen in
number, heretofore noticed, were taken up and
concurred in.
MILITARY RESERVATION IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, there is a bill
on the table, which was ordered to its third read-
ing some time ago, relative to the boundaries of
the military reservation m Minnesota. After it had
been read a third time, it was postponed at the re-
quest of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, [Mr. Felch,] who wished to investigate
the subject. After investigation, he has deter-
mined to offer an amendment to the bill. As the
bill is on its final passage, that can only be done
by unanimous cohsent.
The Senate took up the bill, being a bill to re-
duce and define the boundaries of the Military
Reserve at the St. Peter Vri-ver, in the Territory of
Minnesota, and to secure the rights of the actual
settlers thereon.
Mr. FELCH asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce an amendment to the bill, consisting of
several sections, a copy of which could not be pro-
cured.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I did not hear the
reading of the amendment very distinctly. I have
looked at the bill,-however, and to my mind there
is an insuperable objection to its passage. 1 would
ask the Senator from Michigan, whether his
amendment proposes to strike out that portion of
the bill which gives preemption rights to individ-
uals who are occupying the public property and
the improvements made by the United States ? If
it does not, the bill will be every way objection-
able. 1 believe that recently some individuals have
claimed preemption rights for and occupy a por-
tion of the public property which had been im-
proved. Under this Dill, they will be entitled to
preemption rights. Now, is it the design, is it the
intention of those who framed the bill, to give pre-
emption rights to individuals who have recently,
by permission of the Government, occupied a por-
tion of the improved public property of the United'
States ?
I suppose that the officers of the United States
stationed there, have from time to time given per-
mission to some individuals to settle near the
garrison, in order to obtain from them the neces-
sary supplies. As far as such persons are con-
cerned, although, strictly speaking, they would
not be entitled to preemption rights, I should not
be disposed to thtow any obstacle in the way "of
giving them preemption rights. But where the
Government of the United States have erected the
necessary buildings for the protection of the people
around that fortification, there seems to me to be
no earthly propriety in giving such individuals
preemption rights U> valuable lands, i wish the
honorable Senator would say whether the bill, as
he proposes to amend it, would embrace cases of
that sort?
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President', I will state the
nature of the proposed amendment, which state-
ment will, I believe, answer the inquiry of my
friend from Alabama. The bill as it was originally '
reported, provided for preemption rights to all the
settlers. It also provided for preemption rights to
such individuals as had settled on the reservation,
but who were driven off by the officers. Now,
there is a settlement there made by a fur company,
abound which have gathered several individuals
who are not connected with the fur company. I
provide, by the amendment, that such settlers
shall have the benefit of the general law which
relates to settlers on the public lands in towns. The
general law grants a*preemption right to the author-
ities of a county to lay out a village.
Another provision of the amendment is, that
these settlers shall have the same rights as if these
lands had not been reserved. The general preemp-
tion law does not apply to the case of a reserva-
tion. Therefore, on removing to a reservation,
the settlers would have no general law to govern
the subject of pieemption rights. The amend-
ment provides for having the general law to regu-
late the subject of preemption rights.
Now, one word with regard to the facts of the case
cited by the Senator from Alabama. The War De-
partment have been under the impression, that the
treaty under which a portion of this reseivation
was occupied, provided for the lands being sold for
none otljer than military purposes. I have looked,
however, at a subsequent treaty, and I find no
such provision there. I do not, therefore, think
that there is any difficulty in the way.
1 was not satisfied with this provision of the
bill as it originally stood. I think we should ap-
ply the principles of liberality and justice to these
settlers. 1 think that bringing them within the
general rule for granting preemption rights, would
be no more than justice to them, and would be
doing no injustice to others.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the Senator does
not answer my question. My inquiry was, whe-
ther, if this amendment should be favorably acted
upon, it would give a preemption right to indi-
viduals who had settled on lands improved by the
