188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
4 l^te F,, B. De Bellevue, were ordered to be withdrawn from
tfie files of the House and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.'
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The pptition of William
Barton, Philip Morgert, and thirty others, citizens of Bedford
■county, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of Cadwalader Evans, Baltzer Morgert,
and thirty-four others, citizen* of Bedford county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to abolish the office of Chaplain, and
to refiain from all legislation on religious subjects. Referred
to the Committee on the Judieiaiy.
On motion by Mr. LA SERE.
It was ordered, That the papers of Josepe M. Howell and
Moses H. Coates, he taken from the files of the House, and
be referred to the Committee^of Claims.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 19, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday wa3 read and approved.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order was the consideration of the motion sub-
mitted yesterday by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] that the further exe-
cution of the order of the House, relating to the
election of officers, be postponed until the 1st of
March, 1851, and on that motion the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that there be a call of the
House.
And on that motion Mr. A. asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and being taken, were
yeas 97, nays 76.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk then called the-roll.
Two hundred and five members answered to
their names.
Mr. BOCOCK moved that all further proceed-
ings on the call be suspended.
And. the question was taken and decided in the
negative.
So the House determined that further proceed-
ings on (he call should not be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER then directed the officers of the
House to close the doors of the Hall.
And the Clerk proceeded to call over the names
of the absentees
Excuses were received for absent members.
Some of the absentees were excused, others not.
Mr. JONES moved that all farther proceedings
on the call be dispensed with.
The motion was rejected.
Excuses were further received.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that further proceed-
ings on the call be dispensed with.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on the
motion.
They were not ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused -to suspend further pro-
ceedings on the call.
Mr. MORSE. I rise to a privileged question.
If a is the intention of the House to carry out these
proceedings seriously, they ought not to have ex-
cused those gentlemen who have paired off and left
the city. 1 therefore move to reconsider the vote
by which all those gentlemen who have paired off
were excused.
The SPEAKER stated that this motion would
not be in order. A separate motion must be made
for each individual.
Mr. MORSE. We will begin and take them
one by one. If we are to remain and carry out
this call, ins unfair that those gentlemen who have
paired off, and ure absent without legitimate reason,
should be excused.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Morse.) What mo-
tion does the o-entleman make ?
Mr. MORSE. Take the first gentleman on the
list.
The SPEAKER. The first gentleman on the
list is Mr. Bowlin.
Mr. MORSE. He was excused on-account of
indisposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must desig-
nate the individual gentleman in reference to
whom he moves a reconsideration.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move a re-call of the
liof fif n ncatttppq
The SPEA KER. The call is not yet completed.
The gentleman's motion, therefore, is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. How many gentlemen are
absent who have not bean excused ?
The SPEAKER. Seven are absent who have
not been excused, and one is yet to be called.
,The call of absentees haying been completed—
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved that
all the absentees, who had not been excused, be
now excused.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The list of absentees (continued the Speaker)
has been called. What order will the House take
in reference to the gentlemen who have not been
excused ?
Mr. BOWDON. As it is apparent that we
shall do no business to-day, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MORSE. To accomplish my object, X
move a reconsideration of the vote by which all
the members absent have been excused.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
It will require a separate, distinct motion for
each call. If the gentleman would have his mo-
tion entertained, he will please designate the gentle-
man in references whom he wishes first to make
the motion.
Mr. MORSE. I desire the Clerk, then, to in-
form me as to the name of the person first excused.
The Clerk. Mr. Bowlin".
Mr. MORSE. I move then, pro forma, that the
vote by which Mr. Bowlin was excused be recon-
sidered. But as Mr. Bowlin was excused by rea-
son of sickness, I hope the motion for reconsider-
ation will not be agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the vote
will not be reconsidered, for the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Arkansas that debate is not in
order.
The gentleman from Louisiana (continued the
Speaker) moves to reconsider the vote by which
Mr. Bowmnt was excused.
Mr.THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Is a motion
to suspend furtherproceedings in the call in order?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. THOMPSON. Is debate in order upon
this motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
debate is not in order.
Mr. THOMPSON. In order to accomplish my
object, I will say that the next proceedings in the
call will be to send the Sergeant-at-arms after
the absentees. He must then bring these gentle-
men in, and they must every one be tried before
the House.
[Criec of "Order"—"That's right."]
Mr. THOMPSON. T therefore move to sus-
pend all further proceedings in the call.
Mr. BURT. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and navs were ordered, and being j
taken, were—yeas 117, nays 83. '
So the motion was agreed to, and all further ;
proceedings in the cull were dispensed with. !
The question then recurred on the motion of I
Mr. Clingman, that the further execution of the j
order relating to the election of officers be post- 1
poned until the 1st of March, 1851. ;
Some desultory conversation followed (leading i
to no action or change of the question) as to the ;
effect of the motion, and upon several incidental j
points of order. ]
Mr. INGE finally insisted on the call of the \
roll, objecting (he said) to this method of submit- !
ting; questions of order to the Chair, in anticipa- |
tion of a certain state of things which might, or j
mischt not, arise. ;
The SPEAKER sustained the suggestion of
Mr. and directed the Clerk to call the roll,
(i. e. of the yeas and nays which had heretofore
been ordered on the motion of Mr. Clingman.)
Mr. PRESTON KING desired to be informed
by the Speaker whether the Chaplain was regarded
as one of the officers of the House.
The SPEAKER said the Chaplain was elected
under a joint resolution of the two Houses, and
such a resolution was now lying on the Speaker's
table as a message from the Senate.
Mr. KING. It is, then, a different matter.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Clingman, and decided in the affirmative— .
yeas 100. nays 98, as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Ashmun, i
Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester
Butler,Thomas B. Butler,E.WC. Cabell, Joseph P.Caldwell,
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Clingman,, W. R. W. Cobb,
Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Crowell^eberry, Dickey,
Dixon, Doty, Dner, Duncan, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans., Fowler, Freedley, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Halloway, Hampton, Hay, Haymonri, Hebard,
Henry, Hilhard, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. Kin?, James G. King, Pres-
ton King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey,
McKissoek, F«E. McLean, Meaeham, Moore, MoreWead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Phcenix, Pitman, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Ruinsey,
Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sltepperd,
Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, A. H. Stephens, T. Stevens,
Taylor, Tuck, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins,
"White, Williams, Wilson, and Wuithrop—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Bfale, Bingham, Bisseli, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd,
William J. Brown, Bufcl, Burt, J. Cable, G. A. Caldwell,
Campbell, Carter, Cleveland, Colcock, Daftiel, Disney,
Dunham, Edmundson, Evving, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller,
Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond. Haral-"
son, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard,
Hoagland, Holhday, Howard, Hubbard. Inge, A. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kaufman, La Sere, Leffler, Littlefield, Job
Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell^M^-
Lanahan, R. M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen, Miller,
Mitlson. Morris, Morse, Olds, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Root, Ross,
Savage, Sawtelie, Seddon, F. P. Stanton, R. H,. Stanton,
Stetson, Swept^er, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, William Thompson, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—98.
So the House decided that the further execution
of the order should be postponed until the first day
of March, 1851.
[When the name of Mr. Orr was called, he
rose and stated that he had paired off with Mr.
Owen, who was attending a sick friend.]
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the vote by which
the. execution of the order had been postponed,
be reconsidered; and that that motion be laid on
the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. SAVAGE was understood to refer to the
duties imposed by the rules upon the Doorkeeper,
in rcspcct to persons privileged to enter the Hall,
&c.
The SPEAKER said, that orders had been is-
sued for the strict enforcement of that rule.
Mr. SAVAGE made the point of order that Mr.
Horner had no other, title to the office he held
than the acquiescence of the House. He was but
a tenant at will 
Mr. CONRAD rose to inquire what was the
question before the House.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Savage] was making a point of order.
Mr. SAVAGE continued. The Constitution
of the United States was too plain to be mistaken
on this point  
Several Members: On what point? We can-
not hear you.
Mr. SAVAGE (continuing.) On the point of
electing our officers. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States says that the House of Representatives
shall choose its Speaker and other officers.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted to the Speaker
whether the gentleman could discuss the question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is stating his
point of order.
Mr. SAVAGE proceeded to say that Mr. Hor-
ner, wrho assumed to. be the Doorkeeper of-this
House, was not the Doorkeeper; that he had
no right on this floor; and that if there was any-
thing in the rules of the House (which he denied)
which prescribed that the Doorkeeper of the last
House of Representatives was the Doorkeeper of
this, he denied its validity, and declared it to be un-
constitutional and void.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has hitherto de-
clined to give any opinion in relation to the effect
of the motion to postpone the election of officers,
and has referred the House to its own previous
practice. During preceding sessions of Congress,
when the elections have not been postponed to so
late a day as at the present, and during the present
session, the duties of Clerk, Sergeant-at-arms, and
Docikeeper, have been performed by the old offi-
cers, and the House has acquiesced. It is not for
the Chair peremptorily to decide that these indi-
viduals are not officers of the House; it is a ques-
tion for the decision of the House itself.
Mr. SAVAGE raised, he said, the point of priv-
ilege, and objected to the further continuance of Mr.
Horner in the office of Doorkeeper. He (Mk'S.)
did not wish (he was understood to add, though
scarcely heard) that any matters connected with this
