1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment first offered by Mr. Schenck; and Messrs.
Corwin and Wallace were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 66, noes 58.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurring: on the amendment of
Mr. Hubbard as amended—
Mr. BQEL offered the following amendment to
the amendment of Mr. McLane;
Pro tided, also, That the benefits of this act shall also ex-
tend to all those who were prevented from serving either of
the peViods provided for in this bill by being captured as
prisons?, or being discharged after capture on the condition
of not serving again during the war.
Mr. B. said: I have risen to offer what I deem a
just and meritorious amendment to the bill under
consideration, and to submit a few remarks in its
favor. I do not wish, however, to be ranked
among the opponents of the bill, because I have
thought proper to offer an amendment. It is
known, sir, that many of the friends of the bill
have, by a private arrangement, agreed upon a
substitute yet to be offered, and determined, if pos- ,
sible, to adopt that, and defeat all other amend- I
merits that may be offered, however meritorious
they may be. Certain it is, that every amendment,
I believe, presented to-day, lias been lost; and 1
have, therefore, great reason to apprehend a simi-
lar fate for the amendment which I have submitted.
But I shall hope for a better result. It may,
perhaps, seem to be put forward as a forlorn hope;
but I trust it will receive some little share of mercy.
And I hope yet to see the bill amended so as also
to include the officers of the Mexican war.
I offer it in good faith, as a friend of the meas-
ure before us. I do not thrust myself as an
enemy amongst its friends. It has been called by
some an extravagant bill; but sir, if it be extrava-
gsnt, which I do notadmit, its extiavagance does
not consist in an illegal appropriation of moneys
from the Treasury, nor in the payment of stale
and oft-rejected claims. To say the least of it,
there is no Galpkinism here. I know of none who
are more justly entitled to share in the mere liber-
ality of the Government, than the so'dier, who
offers bis life in the defence of his country; who
perils health, and all that is dear to hirn, tor the
protection of those who, shunning the battle-
field, remain quietly and safely at their homes.
But, sir, the bill is defective, in not providing
for a large class, consisting of those who have
endured the severest trials and hardships of mill- !
tary service,—1 mean those who served in the !
defence of the northwestern frontier during the I
early part of the war of 1612. It was not their
fault, if they did not serve the minimum period of |
six months, provided for by the bill. I cannot i
consent to measure my estimate of the soldier's
service by the meie lapse of time, but I must take j
into consideration its dangers, its losses, its hard- I
ships and sufferings. On the breaking out of the !
war of 1812, no section of the country was so j
exposed, so utterly defenceless, so abandoned to '
the merciless conduct of the enemy, as the north- ;
western frontier. The entire population of Michi- ;
gan, consisting chiefly of the early French settlers, \
than whom none were more brwe and patriotic, j
was then concentrated upon the narrow banks of j
the waters which separated them from Canada, t
The savage allies of Britain swarmed in their rear .
and immediate neighborhood, ready at any mo- >
ment to fall upon the French settlements, then
thinly scattered along the extreme frontier. The
first intelligence they received of the breaking out
of the war was brought to them by the capture of
an American vessel off Maiden, and the news first
reached ;Mackinac in the form of a British and
Indian force demanding its surrender. Thussud- ;
denly did the war, with all its horrors, come upon i
this frontier, and when it was without any prepa- i
ration for defence. j
A force, composed chiefiy of militia and volun- !
teers from Ohioand Michigan was speedily assem-
bled. It formed the army of General Hull, whose 1
campaign soon followed, but was terminated by a I
surrender, which brought nothing but disaster, ruin,
and devastation to the frontier. Our troops were
taken prisoners, but mostly dischargedoncondition ;
that they would return to their homes, not to serve 1
again during the war, and were thus prevented i
from serving the minimum period. j
Now, sir, history has fixed the responsibility of j
that surrender where it belongs; but let justice and j
honor be done to those patriotic men who sud- l
denly left their homes, exposed themselves to
losses of property, and penled all in the defence of
the northwestern frontier. This campaign had its
hardships, if not its glory; and it was not their
fault that they were obliged to endure the former
without winning the latter.
But, Mr. Chairman, what will be the operation
of this bill unless it be amended, either as pro-
posed by myself or by thegenileman from Indiana?
[Mr. Aibertson.] Sir, it cuts off the Ohioans
who served nobly in the first campaign on the
frontier. It cuts off the militia and volunteers
from Michigan, many of whom returned from
their service in-this campaign to find their
homes laid in ashes, then property destroyed,
their farms devastated, ar.d their friends and rela-
tives murdered. It cuts off, too, I think, many of
the brave Kentuclcians, sir, who fought at the terri.
ble massacre of the Raisin; and, if 1 am not mista-
ken, many of those brave men who fought and
ri-umphed on the Thames. Let us, then"; by the
adoption of this amendment, do equal justice to
those who, whilst enduring the soldier's trials,
were prevented from reaping the soldier's re-
ward.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr Buel was rejected
The question recuning on the amendment of
Mr. Hubbard,
Cries of " Question," " question."
The CHAIRMAN announced the question.
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading of the
amendment of Mr. Hubbard as amended by the ;
amendment of Mr. McLajje, of Maryland, and i
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee. I
Mr. McCLERNAND said the amendment had 1
been read several times, and he objected to us
reading again.
The CHAIRMAN stated thath e would put the
question, " Shall the amendment be read ?" to the
committee.
Tellers were asked and ordered on this question.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, made the point
that the amendment had never been read in its
present form, and that it was the parliamentary
right of any member to call for Us reading, now
that the committee were called to vote upon it.
The CHAIRMAN, reconsidering his decision,
sustained the point of order, and directed the
amendment in its amended form to be read.
It was read as, follows:
" That each non-commissioned officer, musician, or pri-
vate,who served in the military *ervieeol the United State?
during the last war with Great Gntain, commenced in the
year 1812, or in any o| the Indian wars'before or since that ,
period, including regulars, volunt< era, ppics, tangers, sea- :
fencibies, and linhtia, foi a period of not less than six J
months, and who shall have remained in said service to the j
dale of their death, or who was honorably dtscharsed, shall
be entitled to receive a ceitificute of warrant from the De- 1
partment of the Interior, lot the qtuuititj ot eighty .-ores of
land, which may be located b,- the wariantee, or his as-
sujnee, or heirr-al-law, at any land office of the United
States, in one body, and in conformity to the leua! subdivis-
ions of the public lands, upon anj of the public lands in
such district then subject to private entrj; and upon the re-
turn of such warrant or certneate, with evidence of the
location thereof having been lesallv made to the General
Land Office, a patent shall be issued therefor,
"That in the event of the death of am such non-com-
missioned officer, musician, or private, during service, or
after his discharge, and before the issuance of a certificate
or warrant, as aforesaid, the said certificate, or wairarit,
shall be issued in favor and inriure to the benefit of his
widow, if living, and if no widow be living, to his children: j
Provided, That no land warrant issued under the|provisions j
of (his act shall be laid upon any land of the United States '
to which there shall be a picemption right, or upon which i
there shall be an actual settlementand cultivation, without ]
the consent ofsuch settlers and cultivators be given thereto. 1
« Jind provided, further, That each nou-commi^sioned 1
officei, musician, or private, who was musteied into the
military service of the United States, and served as specified
in the fir-t provision of this act, loi a peiiod of twelve
months or more, shall be entitled to receive a warrant for
one hundred and sixtv acres of land, which may be subject
to puvate entry, under the provisions of the fust section of
tins act; find in the event of the death of any peir-on herein
piovid-nt for, befo e the i>suuia of the certificate, or war-
rant, then the warrant for such land shall issue to the
widow of such peison,if there be one, and if not, then lo
his children.
" jiad be it farther provided, That each non-commissioned
officer, musician, or private, who was mustered into the
military scrvicc of tho United State, and served as ppeci-
fied in the first provision of this act, for a less period than
six months, shall be entitled to receive a wan ant for forty
acres of laud, which may be subject to private entry, under
the provisions of the fiist section of ihi« acf, anil in the
event of the death ot anv per-on herein provided for, before
the issuing of the eeiuficate, or warrant, then the warrant
for such land shall i^sue to the widow of such person, if
there be one, and if not, then to his children.
: « Jlnd be it further provided, That the grants of land
I herein made, and the warrants authorized to be issued, and
1288
patents granted thereon, as well as the location and transfer
and assignment thereof, shall, in all resp- ets.be made under
the provisions, restrictions, and limitations of the ninth sec-
tion of the act of February II, 1847, entitled < An act to raise,
for a limited time, an additional military force, and for other
purposes, so far as the same are not altered by the provis-
ions of this act: Prowled., That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to authorize the issuing of a
certificate, or warrant, to any non-cominis&ioned officer,
musician, or private, for service for which be has heretofore
received, or been authorized to receive, under act of" Con-
gress, bounty land.
Provided further, That to each commissioned and
starr officer, who served iu any one of the wars specified and
, referred to in this acf, as well as all such who served in tbe
11 Jute war with Mexico, on application to the Department of
■ j the Interior, there «hall be issued acei tificate or warr&nt for
• ■ one hundred and sixty acies of land, to be located under
the provisions of this act. And should any such officer
herein provided for, die before making application for the
henent ot this act, then the certificate or warrant shall b©
h-sued to and mnure to the benefit of the widow of such of-
. ficcr, if living, and if not, then to their children.
j " Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the officers and
, sailors of the^iavy ot the United States, who were engaged
! I!1 H1)? Mexican war, either in the Gulf of Mexico or on the
I I acme ocean, be and are hereby placed upon an equal loot-
I ing with the officers and men of the army engaged in the
j same set vice, and shall be entitled to extra pay and bounty
; land, as provided for by the several acts of Congress lor the
i benefit of /he said officers and men of the army.
I "Provided, That no assignment of any warrant issued un-
j der the provisions ot this act shall be held to be of any
| validity or foice in law, but shall be utteily void, uutess
i f-uch assignment shall be made after tbe actual issue and
I delivery of the warrant to the person or persons entitled
I thereto, endorsed upon the wariant itself, acknowledged
I before a jusfce of the peace or other officer authorized to
I fake the acknowledgment of deeds, and attested by two
witnesses."
Messrs. CROWELL, of Ohio, and EVANS of
Maryland, asked for tellers, who were ordered;
and Messrs. Butler, of Pennsylvania, and Yen-
able were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
j —ayes 47, noes 71.
So the amendment of Mr. Hubbard, as amend-
ed, was rejected.
The question recurring on the substitute for the
entire bit! heretofore offered by Mr. Albertson,
(and published heretofore)—
Mr. ALBERTSON withdrew it, in order (he
' said) to give the friends of the hill an opportunity *
j of offering a substitute in a perfect form.
j The question recurring on the amendmeftt of
! Mr. Hubbard to the original bill reported from
[ the Committeeon Public Lands, it was read, as fol-
:j lows:
■j Strike out after the word "that" in the third
J line, and insert—
i "The benefits and rights conferred by the ninth section
j of the act entitled 'An act to raise, for a limited time, an
j additional military force, ami for other purposes,' (approved
I Februaty 11,1847.) shall be, and the same are hereby ex-
; tended in Hianuer as follows : That is,"
I Amend by striking out all after the word " pri-
i -rate" in the fourth line, and inserting the follow-
j '"g;
" Who served in tlie regular army, or in any company or
][ command of volunteers, laugeis, or militia m the Indian
i; war, m the northwest, prior to the treaty of Greenville, m
1734, or m the late war with Great 8iitain,or in any Indian
ji wai between the je.us J811 and 1842, twelve months or
i: more, shall be entitled to a bounty of one hundred and sixty
;; acres of land, or who served six months or more, eighty
!i acres, or who served sixty days or more, forty acres: Pro-
j i vided, always, That said non-commissioned officer, musician,
h or private, lias not received a bounty of land heretofore, and
jj is not shown to have been dishonorably discharged by the
j \ i oils : Procured, also. That the bounties herein g: anted shall
II he subject to the same rules of descent prescribed by the
| aforesaid act, and the act or acts amendatory of the same :
I Provided, further, That no c treasui \ scrip,' as authorized by
!| said act of February 11, 1847, shall be authorized or issued
jl under this act."
j! Mr. MILLER offered the following substitute
j' for the entire bill; which was read, as follows:
i! Be it enactcd bij the Senate and House oj Representatives of
; | the UnUcd States of J3nicnra in Cong/ess assembled, That
,, each of the Miiviving commissioned and nun-commissioned
'I officer?. musician^. or privates, whether of regulars, volun-
teer?, janger?, or 'iiihtia, who performed mihtaiy service ift
; au\ regiment,company, or detachment m the service ot the
;] United States in the war with Great Britain, declared by the
;! United Slates on the 38th daj of June, 1612, or in any of the
; | Indian war^. since 17^.0, and each of the comim-sioned offi-
Si cers who was engaged in the military service of the Qniled
ij States in the late war with -Mexico, .-hall be entitled, for
, j twelve months service, to one hundred and sixty acres of
' land, for six months service to tijjbly acres "ot land,
i and for three months scmcc to fort) at res of land: Pro-
vided, The person so having bet n m service shall not re-
j ceive said land, or anv part thereof, it it shall appear by tbe
II muster-rolh ot his resi.nent or corp^, that he deserted or
ij was dishonorably di^chaiged fiom (service, or it he has re-
;j ceived, or is entitled to, anj laud bounty under any act of
i, Confess heretorore passed.
£nc. 2. That each commissioned and non-commissioned
officer, musician, or private, for whom provision is made
by the first section hereof, shall recetve a certificate or war-
rant from the Department of the itttejiorfor the quantity of
