190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
duly elected: would nbt the question of his re-
moval be a question of privilege ?
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair. The resolution was not in order, upon
two grounds: first, that under the rule no gen-
tleman could rise in his place and offer a resolu-
tion except on the regular call of the States; and,
in the next place, that this resolution was an at-
tempt to change a standing rule of the House,
which provided that no rule should be changed
except on a day's notice having been given. Now,
the resolution of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Burt] contemplated a change of a stand-
ing rule, by superadding a new duty to those
which the rules already imposed upon the Ser-
geant-at-arms.
This was clearly a change of one of the standing
rules, and was therefore, he submitted, out of or-
der.
Mr. BAYLY said he could not see how there
could be a doubt about the correctness of the de-
cision of the Chair. It is conceded on all hands
that the Doorkeeper holds on only by the sufferance
of the House. He certainly is not in a better con-
dition than if he had been duly elected. Suppose
on Saturday he had been duly elected, and in the
interval had committed some gross impropriety,
such as would have made it impossible for us to
continue him as an officer of this House: can there
be a doubt that it would be in order for any mem-
ber to move to depose him atonce, without waiting
till-an ordinary resolution would be in order? In
the case supposed, there are many precedents.
Since he had been a member of Congress, one
such had been set. A motion was made to depose
a former Clerk, (Mr. McNulty.) It was enter-
tained as a question of privilege; and he was re-
moved and another put in his place. Prior to that
—many years aso—a distinguished gentleman from
his own State (Mr. Randolph) was accosted by a
Doorkeeper in a manner he considered disrespect-
ful to the body of which he was a member. He
came at once into the House, and moved his expul-
sion.
It may be said these were cases of malfeasance
in office. But this cannot affect the question of
order. No one could know the grounds of the
motion until it be entertained as one in order. The
reasons for the motion can have nothing to do
with the question of order. That depends upon
the character of the resolution itself, and not upon
the reasons which prompted it. If it be one affect-
ing the House, one of its members or officers, it is
privileged for that reason-, and the motives which
have prompted it cannot be considered or even
known till the question is entertained.
If such be the rule, where an officer is in by
election, is it not still more clearly so, where, as
in this case, he is tolerated only by sufferance?
But, said Mr. B., it is suggested by those around
me, that the question is too plain to justify debate;
and he yielded the floor.
Mr. BURT. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the appeal is debatable.
Mr. PRESTON KING said, the real diffi-
culty in the choice of these officers was, that the
friends of slavery on both sides of the House were
unwilling to vote for any officer who was not a
friend to slavery. This was the real difficulty in
the choice.of officers.
The SPEAKER (interposing) said the Chair
would remind the gentleman from New York that
the question open to debate was the merits of the
appeal, and that no other question was before the
House for discussion.
[Cries of u Let him proceed; go on," &c.]
jVlr. KING (continuing) repeated that the real
difficulty which had postponed the organization of
the House, and which had elected officers hy the
combined votes of gentlemen of opposite political
parties, was 
Mr. McLANE called the gentleman from New
York to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the remarks of the gentleman from New York are
not in order.
Mr. KING. I was stating what I believed to
be the real difficulty in 
The SPEAKER, The question before the
House is on the appeal of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] from the decision
of the Chair, and that is the only question open
to debate.
Mr. McLANE. I object to the gentleman from
New York proceeding. -
Mr. KING. I rose for the purpose of moving
to lay on the table this whole subject.
Mr. McLANE. I ask that the gentleman from
New York take his seat.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is decided to be out of order', and the gentle-
man from Maryland calling for the enforcement of
the rule, the gentleman from New York will take
his "seat.
Mr. ^SCHENCK addressed the Speaker, and
was recognized.
He said that, supposing it was the object of the
gentleman from New York to make an explana-
tion^ he (Mr. S.) had intended to move that he
have leave to proceed in order.
Mr. KING. I rose to make the motion to lay
the whole subject on the table, and to gifls my
reasons' therejbr.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. King] was proceeding with remarks
irrelevant to the question before the House, and
was called to order by the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. McLane.] The Chair ruled the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York out of
order; when, under the rule of the House, which
was insisted on by the gentleman from Maryland,
thfe gentleman from New York was requested to
take his seat; and unless a motion is made to that
effect, the gentleman cannot proceed.
Mr. WILMOT. I move that the gentleman
from New York have leave to proceed in order.
Mr. KING. Does the Chair decide that I have
not the right to make that motion?
The SPEAKER. The motion has been made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wil-
mot.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman cannot make
any motion while I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] insist upon his claim to the floor,
he must be awarded entitled to the floor. The
Chair need not remind the gentleman from Ohio,
that when a gentleman is called to order, and a
motion is made to permit him to proceed in order,
the House has always indulged that motion in
preference to any other. But the gentleman from*
Ohio has the ri ht to 'insist upon his claim to the
floor, and if he insist, is entitled to it.
Mr. SCHENCK said he meant no discourtesy
to the gentleman from New York. If thegentleman
really desired to proceed with the discussion of the
question in order, he (Mr. S.) Would not object;
on the contrary, he had intended to move that the
gentleman be allowed to proceed m order. But if
the gentleman only wanted the floor to move to lay
the whole subject on the table 
Mr. KING. I desjre the point of order to be
dccided, whether the gentleman from Ohio can get
the floor whilelhe question of order is pending.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
New York was ruled out of order, and that ruling
was acquiesced in 
Mr. KING (interposing.) Acquiesced in by
whom ?
The SPEAKER. Acquiesced in by the House.
Mr STANLY was understood to call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to the provision of the rule to
show that in case of a member being called to
order, a motion to allow him to proceed was in
order, and had priority over everything else.
Mr. SCHENCK said he desired to call all these
gentlemen to order, as he claimed the right to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
the Chair hopes, will allow the proper direction
to be given to the question of order. The Chair
is the more anxious that it should take the proper
direction as, one appeal pending, no appeal can be
taken to the House.
Mr. STANLY addressed a word to the Chair 
as was presumed by the reporter-—in further refer-
ence to the rule to which he had before called the
attention of the Chair.
Mr. -SCHENCK (interposing.) I desire to
know if the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] will not allow me to make an explana-
tion. I was willing, and intended to move,
that the gentleman from New York he allowed to
proceed in order; hut he [Mr. King] says he does
not want to discuss the question, but to move to
lay the whole subject on the table. Before that mo-
tion is made, I desire an opportunity to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will .state the
point of order, the decision, and the appeal. The '
gentleman from New York [Mr. King] was pro-
ceeding in the discussion of this question; he was
called to order for irrelevant remarks; the Chair
ruled the gentleman from New York out of order
and required him to take his seat, and stated," that
under the rule to which the attention of the Chair
had been called by the gentleman from North
Carolina, the gentleman from New York could
not proceed if any member objected. Objection
was made by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
McLane,] who lequired the gentleman from New
York to take his seat. At that point of the pro-
ceedings, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
rose and was recognized by the Chair; for what
purpose the Chair could not say.
Mr. SCHENCK (interposing.) Nor have I
been permitted yet to state 
The SPEAKER (continuing.) The gentleman
from Ohio was recognized by the Chair. After
that, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
mot] moved that the gentleman from New York
have leave to proceed in order. The Chair enter-
tained that proposition until the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] claimed his right to the floor
as having been first recognized. The Chair acqui-
esced in that claim and awarded the floor to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STANLY said, that under the rule, when
a member was called to order, it was his duty to
sitdown; and the question was, Shall he be allowed
to proceed in order? That question was first to be
taken; otherwise the first gentleman who rose de-
prived him of his right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to desire to proceed,
not for the purpose of explaining, but for the pur-
pose of advocating the motion he proposed to make.
Mr. KING. I am not responsible for the mis-
understanding of the Chair. My only object was
to explain the reasons for the course which I in-
tended to pursue.
The SPEAKER. The Chair misunderstood
the gentleman from New York. Other gentlemen
seem to have placed the same construction on the
language of the gentleman from Npw York—to
wit:, that he desired to proceed for the purpose of
moving to lay on the table the question before the
House. If the Chair misunderstood thegentle-
man from New York, and he states that his ob- '
ject was to explain upon-the question on which he
was called to order, the Chair rules that he has
the right to make the explanation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to say that I intend-
ed to move that the gentleman be allowed to pro-
ceed in order, if his object was to discus3 the ques-
tion. But if his object was to lay upon the table,
I desired to submiialso a few reasons which might
tend to the same result. I wanted to state some
reasons which have not been stated and which
satisfy me that the decision of the Speaker is
right.
Mr. KING. I will explain.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from'New
York has the right to proceed, to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. KING. That was my only object—to ex-
plain the reasons for my action. And if the ques-
tion of order 
Mr. McLANE. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must first hear
the explanation which the gentleman from New
j York wishes to make.
| Mr. McLANE. I submit that no leave has
• been given to the gentleman from New York to
explain. Leave must be given—by whom? By
the House; any^entleman can object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maryland
will observe the point raised by the gentleman
from North Carolina, which the Chair sustains,
that a member, upon being called to order, is per-
mitted to explain, and does not require the assent
of the House. The gentleman from New York
will be permitted to explain, and as he proceeds
it will be for the House to determine whether it is
such an explanation as is contemplated by the rule
of the House which allows him to make an expla-
nation.
Mr. McLANE. I understand the point of order
now made to be substantially the sa/ne as that
raised by thegentleman from North Carolina.
