1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
land to which he may be entitled, and which may be located
l>v the warrantee, or l s htirs-at-law, awny land office of
the OnitPd States in one body, and in conformity to the e-
cal subdivision* of the public laud*, upon any ol the public
idiuJ* m s-uch district then subject to private entry; and upon
the mum of such certificate or warrant, with evidence of
the location thereof having been legally made, to the Gen-
eral Land Office, a patent shall be issued therefor. In the
event of the death ol such commissioned or non-commis-
sioned officer, musician or private, prior or .SUDSQ^"f.'.f
the passage of this act, who shall have served aj afor^,
and who shall not have received bounty land for said ser.
Tices.a like certificate or warrant shall beis*"^in 1tavor
a«d innure to the benefit of his widow, provided she was
married to such officer before the conclusion oi his service,
and is unmarried at the date of her application : Prowled,
further That no land warrant, issued under the provisions
of this act, shall be laid upon any land of the United fetates
to which there shall be a preemption right, or upon which
there shall be an actual settlement and cultivation, except
with the consent of such settler, to be satisfactorily proven
to the proper land office. -
Sec. 3. That all sales, mortgages, letters of attorney, or
other instruments of writing, going to affect the title or
claim to any warrant or certificate herein provided tor,
made or executed prior to the issue of such warrantor cer-
tificate, shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes
whatsoever; nor shall such certificate or wairant, or the
land obtained thereby, be in anywise affected by or charged
with or subject to the payment of any debt or claim incurred
by such officer or soldier prior to the issuing ot the patent:
Provided, That the benefits of this act shall not acciue to
any person who is a member ot the present Congiess.
The question was upon agreeing to the substi-
tute. .
Mr. MILLER was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CROWELL rose, and said he wished to
inquire of his colleague whether the bill or sub-
stitute just offered was the one agreed upon by the
caucus held in this Hall on last Saturday night?
Voices: " It is the one we are going to adopt."
Mr. MILLER said that he desired to remark in
offering the substitute, that it contained limitations
to which he was opposed, and omitted to provide
for some cases which in his judgment ought to be
included. But the bill was prepared upon consul-
tation with a number of gentlemen who were
friendly to the passage of a bill, and who, with
him, entertained the'opinion that without some
concession by each, and a union on the part of the
• friends of the measure, it must share the fate of a
similar bill in the last Congress, and be defeated.
He might further remark, that the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McClernand,] and the gentlemen
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall and Mr. Mason,]
and others who had earnestly labored to secure the
passage of a bill granting land to the soldiers in
the last war with Great Britain, and the Indian
wars, would have been glad to have included
others, but were induced to waive their objection
from the conviction that to urge their views at this
time was to defeat the bill.
His colleague [Mr. Crowell] seemed impatient
to ascertain whether this is the bill agreed upon by
those who assembled in this Hall on Saturday
evening last. He would answer him, and then let
him go home and answer to his constituents for
the hostility he is manifesting to this bill, and has
manifested to any other bill for a similar purpose.
The experience of the last Congress satisfied a
large number of the House that the enemies of the
measure would defeat any bill unless there was
concert among its supporters. Hence the meeting
in this Hall on Satuiday evening. This bill was
the result of that meeting, and he trusted it would
be adopted in despite of the opposition of its ene-
mies or its professed friends. The character of
the opposition they were compelled to encounter
■was not understood by the country. The gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,] a day
or two since denounced any measure giving away
any portion of the public lands for the purposes
contemplated by the bill, as downright dishonesty,
because he claimed the public lands were encum-
bered with a mortgage created by a law authorizing
a loan during the progress of the Mexican war.
Failing in his effort to defeat the measuie upon
that ground, he was now opposed to a bill with
the restrictions contained in the substitute he had
just submitted, because of the limitations it im-
posed—because it did not go far enough and give
away more of the public domain. How could lie
reconcile this inconsistency ? Such was the char-
acter of the opposition to be met.
The bill conformed to the principles which had
governed our predecessors in making provision for
the revolutionary soldiers. It granted to the sol-
dier a quantity of land in proportion to his actual
service, and required at least three months'service
before any grant qC land was made. He repeated
that he trusted that the friends of the bill would
rally to its support, and resist all attempts,
whether in the shape of amendments calculated to
make the bill objectionable, or otherwise to defeat
it. The country owed the gallant men who were
provided for in the bill, a debt of gratitude, and it
was time it was discharged.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment to the amendment:
Sec. 2. JlvA be it further enacted, That the officers and
sailors of the navy of the United States who were engaged
in the Mexican war, either in the Gulf of Mexico or on the
Pacific ocean, he and are hereby placed upon an equal foot-
ing with the officers and men of the army engaged in the
same service, and shall be en tilled to extra pay and bounty
land, as provided for by the several acts of Congress for the
benefit of the said officers and men of the army.
Mr. STANTON said he had offered this amend-
ment, not for tbe purpose of embarrassing the bill,
but because he thought it ought to be adopted.
He believed the sentiment was very general that
those sailors who served in the Mexican war, and
who fought as bravely as the soldiers who were
engaged in the same service, were entitled to the
same bounties which had been conferred upon
them. He was aware that the friends of this bill
—those gentlemen who had been particularly ac-
tive in putting it in the shape in which it was now
presented—were very anxious that no amend-
ments should be offered to the bill; or, if offered,
that none should be adopted; yet some of them,
he doubted not, were willing that the provision
contained in this amendment should pass and be-
come a law. And, in his judgment, if it was right
that it should pass at all, it ought to be attached to
this bill. Here was the proper place for it. It
was as appropriate here as anywhere, and if gen-
tlemen were desirous that it should pass, he hoped
they would raise no opposition to its being made
a part of this bill.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Evans, of Ohio, and Mason, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 51, noes 83.
So the amendment of Mr. Stanton was re-
jected.
Mr. HARALSON offered the following amend-
ment to the substitute, to be inserted in that part
defining the classes of service, viz:
£i And tho.*e who hate been mu-tered into the service of
the United States for lernis not less than twelvemonths, six
month-*, or three month's, respectively, and have been hon-
nrahlv discharged before the expiration of their time of
service."
Mr. H. said that it was his object to embrace a
provision which wouH extend the benefits of this
bill to a very meritorious class of soldiers, who are
now excluded, although they have been actually
in service, and in the performance of their duty to
their country. Soldiers who have faithfully dis-
charged their duty, and have been honorably dis-
charged, are as much entitled to this land-bounty
as any other class of soldiers. The provision
he "had now offered, gave the soldier who had en-
tered for twelve months, his one hundred and sixty
acres, although he might have been honorably
discharged before the expiration of his full term.
So, also, when a volunteer, who has engaged for
six months, and.owing to disease contracted du-
ring the term, may be discharged before its termi-
nation, he shdll still be entitled to his eighty acres.
And so, when n 3oldier has entered for the term of
three months, although he may be honorably dis-
charged befoie he has completed his full term, lie
shall still he entitled to his forty acres of land. It
had frequently happened, in all wars, that individ-
uals have gone into the service, and while engaged
in their duty, have contracted disease in the line of
their duty; and^ometimes this had occurred when
the term had nearly run out, ana have then been
discharged—not at their own desire to be dis-
charged—but because the service did not require
the presence of inefficient men. They have been
honorably d tscharged. He knew of many of this
class, who, if the bill should pass in the shape in
which it now stood, would be excluded. A great
number of deserving soldiers, who had engaged
in the service for three months, had faithfully dis-
charged their duty, and, after putting an end to the
war, had returned home before the expiration of
the three months. Is it proper that these men
should he excluded from the benefits of this bill?
He had no desire to detain the committee. He
had already said enough to be distinctly under-
stood. He asked that the bounty should be equally
and justly distributed, and that it should be given to
all those who had entered the service with a dispo-
sition to do their duty, and for a specified time, and
who had been discharged—not at their own desire-
but by the order of the Government, before the
expiration of the term.
The question was put, and the proposed amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following amendment
as an additional section, viz:
" Jlrvt be it further enacted, That 'so much ofNie public
lands as may be necessary for the purpose be, and the same
is hereby, appropuated, in addition to the quantity hereto-
fore appropriated by ' An act for the re:ief ot eeitain officers
and so!dier« ot" the Yngima line and navy, and of the con-
tinental army during the revolutionary war;' (approved the
30th of May, 1830,) which said appropriation shatl be ap-
plied in tfie manner piovided by said act to the unsatisfied
warrants winch have been or may be issued as therein
directed to officers and soldiers and othe s as described m
the first, filth, and seventh ,-eetions of said act, <il any oilier
act of Congiess."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. VENABLE offered the following amend-
ment.
"Prodded, That all persons entitled to lands under the
provisions ot this act, and the heirs of such a.-, have died,
and would if living be entitled to the benefit of Hie saine,
shall be authorized 10 receive, and tile Sc cretary of the In-
. terior is hereby directed to issue certifieales ol debt to such
persons, branny three per cent, and redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government, tstiniaung earh acre ol lanti
at sixty-two and a halt cents per acre, in lieu of any land
to which they are entitled by the piovisions of this act."
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Chairman, 1 pro-
pose the amendment, which has just been read, to
the substitute which has been made up by the
peculiar friends of this measure. I am somewhat
amused at the modest and unassuming manner of
those gentlemen, as illustrated by the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Miller.} He
assumes that all who were not concurring with
those who were present on Saturday night m draw-
ing and perfecting the substitute, are the enemies
of the poor soldier. It has been more than once
intimated that there was a trained majority here
who meant to accept of no modification to the pro-
ject of the .frinds of the substitute now before the
committee. We have been told that the enemies
of the bill were not invited to attend on Satuiday
night, that they might be made answerable to their
constituents. I am not for the first lime intro-
ducd to the friends of the soldier. From the
speeches in debating societies, on the stump, and
in legislative halls, we are surfeited usque ad
museum "\anth those stereotyped ejaculations of
patriotic sentiments, those fiery words which
neither time nor climate can cool—those abiding
sympathies which are so ornamental in Buncombe
speeches. All this, and much more, is marshaled
to the aid of a project to give away the public land
to a favored class, a selected few, on whose
ca'ses the meeting of the pecular friends on Satur-
day night could agree.
Sir, on what did they agree? To whom did
they extend the bounty of the Government? Sir,
they agreed that only the surviving soldiers of the
wars referred to in this substitute shall receive aid.
If a gallant soldier has fallen in battle, if, instead
of a joyous return to his family, the news of his
death shall cause them to weep in despair, the
widow's weeds and the orphan's tears are un-
answerable arguments against their claims for the
bounty of their country. The warrior from the
battle-field is to be rewarded, but the children of the
sire who sleeps on that field, shrouded in his war-
cloak, are to be disowned. And the decrepit, from
disease contracted in the service of his country, or
wounds received in battle, diags out a life of pro-
tracted misery, and has gone to the grave before
this, law passes, his chiluien are passed by, and
the man who was never wounded , because he was
not peculiarly anxious to expose his person, or
any other good and sufficient reason, shall receive
the benefits of this act. The sailor and marine
are excluded, and a caucus majority in this com-
mittee refuse to make any amendments, or any
qualification, but with the modest assurance of a
majoiity confident of the power of brute force.
We are told that they have met—they have made
concessions to each other—they have matured a
scheme which they are detei mined shall be forced
upon the House and the country. There can be
imagined a sufficient reason for this policy. Living
soldiers sometimes vote, and are felt at the poles.
The grave, while it tells no secrets, gives no votes.
Orphans have but few friends in this cold world,
