1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the right to make an explanation. The
gentleman from New York has been cafted to order
for irrelevancy of remark. He desires to explain.
He is permitted, under the rules, to make an expla-
nation. It will be for the House to determine, as
the gentleman proceeds, whether his explanation is
of such a character as that contemplated by the
rule. The gentleman from New York will pro-
ceed.
Mr. KING. I will explain my whole object in
rising. My object in rising was to bring this mat-
ter to a termination. And I deemed it proper to
allude to the reasons which induced me to make
the motion which I intended to make before I took
my seat. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] objected to those reasons as irrelevant.
Jn my judgment they were pertinent, necessary,
actual reasons, and they induced me to rise.to make
the motion which I designed to make. If, there-
fore, I have the floor, I make the motion to lay
this proposition on the table.
Mr. McLANE. I rise again to a point of or-
der. I call the attention of the Chair to the 35th
rule, which is precisely that which I understand
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
to have presented. The gentleman being called
to order, is bound by the 35th rule to take his seat,
"unless permitted to explain.'' Permitted to ex-
plain what? That part of his speech which was
out of order, and for which he was called to order.
Now I submit to the Chair, if the gentleman from
New York was out of order in the remarks for
which he was called to order, and for which he
took his seat, it is not competent for that gentle-
man, in explaining, to conclude with a substantive
proposition for legislative action. That is my
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that,
upon a further examination of the rule, takingthe
whole rule in connection, he is of opinion that the
consent of the House will be required to allow the
gentleman to make an explanation. The Chair
fell into the error of allowing the gentleman from
New York to explain without the leave of the
House, from disconnecting that portion of the rule
to which the gentleman from North Carolina
called his attention, from the other part of the
rule.
Mr. STANLY. If a gentleman is called to or-
der, I maintain tnat he has the right to have the
motion put to allow him to proceed, before the
gentleman from Ohio or any other gentleman can
put him down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the een-
tleman from North Carolina is right. The Chair
fell into the error at the moment by disconnecting
the two portions of the rule. After the gentleman
from New York was called to order, the question
should have been put to the House upon allowing
him to proceed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to be placed
in a wrong position. I myself was willing, and I
intended to have moved for leave for the gentle-
man from New York to proceed in order, if he
had desired to make an explanation. But he said
he did not.
Mr. GENTRY. Do I understand'that a motion
is made to lay on the table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was.proceeding, under the impression on the
part of the Chair, that he had the right to explain
without leave of the House.
The Chair, upon further reflection, is of opinion
that the gentleman from New York had not the
right to the floor, but that the question must be
put to the House; and if the gentleman from New
York insist upon explaining and moving to lay
o*n the table, the question must first be put on the
motion for leave to the gentleman to proceed.
Mr. GENTRY. Has the Chair entertained the
motion of the gentleman from New York?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not enter-
tain it. ...
Mr. KING. The Chair docs not entertain it?
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Scuenck] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GENTRY claimed it. .
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Ohio had first betn recognized. .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
know whether the motion of the gentleman from
New York has been made or not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
it has not been made. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] has the floor.
„Mr. STRONG. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know whether the appeal from the decision
of the Chair does not relate to the priority of busi-
ness, and whether, as such, under the rule, it is not
debatable ?
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
deciding that the appeal was not a question relating
to the priority of business.
Mr. SCHENCK (who still remained upon the
floor) now proceeded.
He said, he understood the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] on
which the appeal had arisen, to be a proposition to
make the Sergeant-at-arms also Doorkeeper* It
was not a proposition to abolish the Doorkeeper.
If it were, it could not be made*without a notice to
change the rule. It was not a proposition such as
the gentleman from Virginia "[Mr. Bayly] had re-
ferred to—to remove an officer of the House—
which being a question of privilege, must be en-
tertained at once, as in the case of the Clerk, who
was removed in the 28th or 29th Congress. Upon
what ground could this be considered a question of
privilege at all ? or a question to be entertained by
the House at this time? It was a question which
must be made under the rules of the House, and
in conformity with them. He desired to turn the
attention of the Chair and of the Hoiwerto two or
three rules which he thought violated by an attempt
like this to make the Sergeant-at-arms also Door-
keeper.
Before he referred to this, however, he wished
to remark that he entirely concurred with the
Speaker in his decision upon other grounds. Hav-
ing postponed the execution of the order of the
House to go into the election of officers—leaving
these two officers, the Doorkeeper and Postmaster
of the last House, in office—he contended that
they remained here, if at all, precisely as they had
been here since the commencement of the session,
by sufferance. And he supposed they had the
right to "recognize them as their "officers if they
wanted to. And as long as the majority of the
House stood by and assented to allowing them to
act, each of these officers would have the right to
the emoluments and privileges of their respective
offices., If the majority of the House allowed
them to go on and act by sufferance, as they had
done from the first of the session, he knew of no
higher power. But he admitted that at any time
while they were acting by sufferance, if the ma-
jority attempted" it, and in order, they could devolve
their duties upon these gentlemen, or upon other
gentlemen.
But was this resolution in order? Take first
the case of the Doorkeeper, (and whatever applied
to him applied also to the Postmaster.) By the
73d rule it was provided that " a Doorkeeper
should be appointed for the service of the House."
The 74th provided that he should be sworn in, and
the 75th provided that a Postmaster should be ap-
pointed. By their rule, then, a Doorkeeper was
to he appointed. They had postponed action un-
der that rule until the first of March, 15*51. A
resolution was now offered to do what? To make
the Sergeant-at-arms also Doorkeeper. To com-
bine the two offices: not to abolish the Doorkeeper:
not to create an office that did not already exist,
but to give to the Sergeant-at-arms, under the rule,
an additional office, the office of Doorkeeper—thus
combining the Doorkeeper and Serjeant-at-arms
—and by that form of action to discontinue the
license or assent that had been given to Mr. Hor-
ner to act as Doorkeeper.
Now, his first objection was, that if they were
going to do that, they must do it under the rule
regulating the manner in which the Doorkeeper
was made. If they turned to the 14th rule, they
found it provided that in all cases of election the
vote should be taken viva voce. The proposition
now was to elect a man whom they had already
elected as Sergeant-at-arms to be Doorkeeper also.
They could not make anything else of it. They
might call it devolving additional duties upon the
Sergeant-at-arms, or anything else, but it was
nothing more nor less than an election of Door-
keeper. They had under their rules a Sergeant-
at-arms; they had aho a Doorkeeper. They pro-
posed to withdraw the license by which the present
Doorkeeper acted, and to elect the Segeant-at-arms
Doorkeeper also. How could they do it? Only
under the 14th rule, which provided that all elec-
tions should be viva voce* The Chair had decide*!
-again and again—and he (Mr. S.) had voted,
to sustain that decision against his side of the
House—that thisttiva voce requirement was a'tech-
nical one; that it could not be fulfilled by resolu-
tion; and that if a resolution were offered to make
any one of these officers, it was out of order, be-
cause it conflicted with this rule which prescribed
that if these offices were held in any other wajg
than by sufferance it must be by election viva voce,
i. e. by a call of the names of the members ol" the
House and the answer by each gentleman of the
person whom he preferred for the office, so as
to ascertain whether the majority viva voce would
confer upon him the office, with its emoluments
and privileges.
It seemed to him, therefore, in addition to the
reason stated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Ashmun,] that there was this other rule,
together with the construction which the Speaker
had repeatedly given to it, which prevented this
resolution from being received in order under the
rules of this House; for, as he had before said,
call it devolving additional duties upon the Ser-
geant-at-arms, or call it ^whatever else they might,
the proposition could mean nothing else; it was
nothing else than a proposition toelect the Ser-
geant-at-arms to be also Doorkeeper; and that by
resolution, which the rule did hot admit, having pre-
scribed another form in which that officer should
be chosen.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I understand you have decided that the postpone-
ment of the election of Doorkeeper until March,
1851, makes it out of order to attempt to proceed
to the election of that officer until the day named.
In my judgment, your decision is correct. I under-
stand, also, however, that you have decided it to
be in order for the House at any time to provide for
the temporary performance of the duties of Door-
keeper. This I understand to be the object of the
resolution offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
But the gentleman from Ohio' [Mr. Schenck]
argues that the passage of this resolution will be,
in effect, the election of a Doorkeeper. At the
same time, he contends that the mere acquiescence
of the House in the performance of the duties of
Doorkeeper by the present incumbent will make
his incumbency valid, and entitle him to all the
emoluments of the office. Then, by the gentle-
man's own argument, the Doorkeeper will be
elected by sufferance or acquiescence of the House;
and he involves himself in the inconsistency and
absurdity of arguing that the House can do by in-
direction that which it cannot do by a direct act.
I think there can be no question, sir, that if, by
its sufferance or acquiescence, the House can de-
volve the duties of Doorkeeper upon the officer
of a previous Congress, the same thing can be done
by a positive resolution; for the acquiescence is but
an implied resolution. And if the duties may be
devolved upon the old Doorkeeper, they may cer-
tainly be upon the Sergeant-at-arms, or any other
person.
The matter is equally clear upon the question of
order. The acquiescence of the House is but a
resolution perpetually implied. The operation of
that implied resolution commences from this mo-
ment, and must necessarily exist during every
moment of the continuancc of this ollicer m his
place It would, therefore, at any time, be in
order to propose to do by direct and positive act
that which is done at every moment by indirect
implication and silent acquiescence. The decision
of the Chair is manifestly correct, and ought to be
sustained.
Mr. GENTRY said he should vote to sustain
the appeal from the decision of the Chair, but from
reasons entirely different from those assigned by
gentlemen who had preceded him. He held that
the House had very ample power to do anything
relative to its organization. They had the right
to elect a Doorkeeperand Postmaster. For many
days they had been engaged in ineffectual efforts
to elect a Doorkeeper. Weary of -these efforts,
they had decided to postpone the execution of the
order for the election of these officers until the
termination of the present Congress. That de-
cision was, in his opinion, tantamount to a dec-
laration on the part of this House that the present
Doorkeeper and Postmaster—that was the Door-
keeper and Postmaster of the last Congress—
should be the Doorkeeper and Postmaster of the
