1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
saw it immediately after the passage of the act of
1847, giving-a pledge of the public lands to the
public creditor, .when the act giving bounty lands
to the soldiers who had served in the war with
Mexico became a law. The history of that
pledge was very well knqwn to every gentleman
on this floor. In the year 1846, when we were in
a condition of financial embarrassment, our Gov-
ernment made an attempt to borrow money. An
agent,.Colonel Robinson, of Pittsburg, was sent
to borrow money for the public wants, and after
-knocking at every door in Prance, England and
Holland, he came back without having succeeded
in raising a single dollar. It became necessary to
give some security to lenders. It was then that
this bill of 1847 was passed, giving, in the most
emphatic terms, a solemn pledge on all the public
lands. The bill granting bounty lands to the sol-
diers engagfd in the war with Mexico did produce
a depreciation of the value of the loan.
It was very important that the public credit
should be sustained, and it was an imperative
duty on Congress to redeem the pledge which was
given in the act of 1846. That pledge, he admit-
ted, was given in a most wasteful manner. The
property pledged was beyond all proportion to the
value of the loan asked for. Still this pledge em-
barrassed the action of the Government, and he
had introduced this amendment for the purpose of
making an effort to disembarrass the public Treas-
ury. With this view he had prepared and offered
his amendment. He had no other purpose but to
prevent the Government from interfering with
property which the Government had already
pledged to the public creditors.
Tellers were asked and ordered-, and Messrs.
Duncan and Mann, of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken,and the tellers reported
ayes 45—noes 76.
So the amendment w.'.s rejected.
Mr. HARALSON offered the following amend-
ment.
" Jlml be it further enacted, Tliat no transfer of the land
granted in virtue of this art shall be valid, unless the con-
tract or agreement therelor, or letter of attorney giving
power to sell or convey, shall have heen executed after
the patents shall be issued and delivtieil to the persons en-
titled thereto."
Mr. H. briefly explained his amendment, the
object of which, he said, was to prevent the
perpetration <5f frauds upon the soldiers, and to
discourage speculation. The bill, he said, for
this purpose provided that no transfer of the
warrants should be valid unless it was executed
after the issuing of the warrants. This did not
strike at the root of the evil at all. His object
was to place the land warrant itself, in the first
place, and the patent after issuing, in the next
place, in the hands of the rightful owner—the
soldier who had been engaged in the service of
his country. This would placc these bounties
beyond the reach of those who defraud and im-
pose upon the soldier. He offered the amend-
ment in good faith, to perfect the bill, and with no
captious design.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. SCHENCK, who renewed it, and said: I !
take it for granted that it is not expected that the
bill is to pass in its present shape. It is admitted,
even by some of those who profess to be its pecu-
liar friends, that it is. defective in more than one
particular. One objection, which has been very
properly urged by the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Venable] is, that it makes no provis-
ion, under any circumstances, for the heirs of
those who are dead. It gives nothing to orphans
who may have been made needy by their fathers'
sacrifices, and more deserving objects of either jus- !
the or bounty frequently, than the soldier who
happens still to be surviving. Then, again, in
this substitute bill, theie is no sufficient protection
against fraud.
It is true, the bill makes void any transfer that
is made before the land warrant issues. But what
better in that is it than the Mexican bounty land
law, which contained the same provision—but a
provision notoriously and constantly evaded ? I
have before, in my remarks on a former amend-
ment, described how this has been done by having
a separate assignment made and delivered, leaving
a blank for the subsequentinsertion of a false date!
Now, the only way in which you can prevent this
kind of fraud from being practiced is, to require
the assignment to be endorsed upon the certificate
warrant or patent which you issue to the soldier,
and to be properly attpsted and acknowledged.
Then the possession of the one will cany with it
the other; and a false or fradulent assignment can-
not be made. But so long as you merely declare
that if transferred before the issuing of the warrant
such transfer shall be void, but devise no method
by which the actual date of the sale shall appear,
or by which it will be rendered impossible to
make the assigment in advance, you leave the door
wide open for the description of frauds that I have
mentioned. To give security against this dishonest
practicing upon the soldier, I would go even fur-
ther, therefore, than this amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia proposes.
If you mean to grant these lands, and have them
really applied to the purposes for which y.ou pro-
fess to give them, then adopt this amendment.
But if you wish that they shall go into the hands
of speculators and harpies, and be made a
source of profit to them, then leave the bill just as
it is. You will no have more guards against fraud
than you have in the Mexican land bounty bill.
False dates will be inserted in the assignments,
and you will not be able to discover, from any-
thing appearing upon the face of such instruments,
whether the law has been complied with or not.
The question was taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Coeb, of Alabama, and Shepperd,) and decided
in the negative—ayes '44, noes 76.
So the amendment of Mr. Haralson was re-
jected.
Mr. MEACIIAM proposed the following amend-
ment:
" Provided, That the provisions of this act shall be ex-
tended to all soldiers of the revolutionaiy war, ami the last
war with Great Britain, who were actually engaged m re-
pelling any invasion, or in any battle in defence of their
country."
Mr. Chairman, I am anxious to vote for this
bill if put in a form to do justice to all concerned.
A caucus concocted this measure, ill-favored and
lean, and they now most unreasonably and re-
morselessly refuse a single amendment: true to
nature, they seem to love their offspring for its
very deformity. Look at the unequal provisions
of this bill. A friend of it, who is supposed to
have made accurate calculation, acknowledges that
it will take from eighty to one hundred million acres
of public land. Who is to have that land ? Ver-
mont did her full share in the war of 1812: how
many of her brave sons will share in this bounty ?
She hod four hundred and seventy-six men of six
months service: each of these will, if living, be
entitled to eighty acres of land. She had five hun-
dred and seventy-three men of three months ser-
vice, each entitled to forty acres. Suppose two
thirds of those men are living—a large allowance—
and you will give to Vermont about forty thou-
sand out of eighty millions acres of land; that i3,
you give the men of Vermont one acre to two
thousand given elsewhere. Beside this, there
were three thousand seven hundred and eighty-
seven inen of Vermont of less than three months
service—all these, and the volunteers at the battle
of Plattsburg, are to have nothing. The value
of a soldier's service does not depend on the length
of time. Many of these men who will be deprived
of reward, did more for their country, and at more
personal hazard, than others who served through
the whole war. My amendment proposes to rem-
edy these inequalities. If you are to pay three-
months men, first pay that class of your revolu-
tionary soldiers who have never had a dollar in
pension or an acre of land. The inequalities of
the bill are glaringly umust. It pays the service
of the soldier who is living to take care of his
family; it denies a reward to the soldier who fell
in battle, leaving his widow and orphans behind.
It pays the gilded puppet in the city of Washing-
ton, who, " pursuing an advantage that lay in the
rear," fled before an inferior force and gave up the
Capitol of his country to the flames; it refuses to
pay the volunteer and enlisted soldier who defied
the army of Provost on the plains of Plattsburg;
it rewards the men who aided to catch the fugitive
slave in Florida, or drive the Indian from the home
of his fathers, and passes contemptuously by the
soldier of the Revolution, who fought for our free-
dom. You ought to amend the bill, and not com-
pel its friends either to go against it or counte-
nance such gross injustice.
- Tellers were asked and refused, and,
The question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. Meacham was rejected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the substi-
tute of Mr. Millek.
Loud calls for the question.
Mr. FOWLER offered the following amend-
ment:
" Provided, That the officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, who served three months or more
in the revolutionary war, and who have received no pen-
sion, not bounty land, shall be included in the benefits of
this act."
Mr. F. remarked that he had taken no part in
the discussion upon this important bill, and he
would now occupy but a few moments. He was
.anxious to see this bill perfected so as to include-
all who were "entitled to the benefactions of the
Government, for services rendered in the military
service of the United States." In this particular I
most cordially concur with my honorable friend
[Mr. Meacham,] from Vermont.
This bill provides that bounty land shall be
given to those who have served three months in
the war of 1812, in the war of Florida, in the war
of Wayne, and the various Indian wars since the
year 1790. Now, does any member of this House
believe that the persons thus provided for, are as
hneritorious a class as those who periled their
lives and sacrificed their fortunes in the war of
Independence? A few of those revolutionary
worthies still survive, and only a few. Shall they
not, at this late hour even, be remembered and pro-
vided for? And shall not the aged widows of
thosa who have departed this life, receive this
pittance from the Government, as the solace of
their declining days? And when both the soldiers
and their companions are gone from among us, is
it not reasonable and proper that their surviving
children should receive the bounty?
The officers and soldiers of modern wars were
well paid, and have been and are to be amply
provided for. Those who fought for independ-
ence were paid in a currency that was worthless,
that is, they were not paid at all. Will you not
now do them the small measure«of justice contem-
plated in the amendment) I have had the honor to
submit? I put it to the candor and the conscience
of gentlemen, if they will-he3titate on a question
so plain and so reasonable ?
The question was taken and the amendment—
by ayes 31, noes 89—was rejected—
Mr. MILLSON moved the following amend-
ment:
" Jlnd provided, further, That those officers and soldiers,
whose a^gre^.Ue service, though at different periods, may
have exceeded or heen equal to three, six, or twelve
months, respectively, shall be entitled to the benefits of this
act, equally with those whose service may have been con-
tinuous."
Mr. MILLSON said, there was an impression
on the part of some gentlemen that this proviso was
unnecessary, because the body of the bill, it was
contended, contained such a provision. He did
not think so: he believed it was the intention of the
framers of the bill to grant bounties to those who
had served three, six, or twelve months, though
their services had not been continuous; but the
bill would not, in his opinion, bear that construc-
tion. As it now stood, those who had not served
the specified period at one time would not be in-
cluded.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, stated, in
explanation, that the bill, in his opinion, did not
require the service to be continuous; such was the
opinion of gentlemen who supported it here, and
such was the intention of the gentlemen who had
framed the bill.
Mr. MILLSON said he was aware of that. His
construction of the language, however, was differ-
ent, and several gentlemen with whom he had con-
versed agreed with him in that construction. If
the provision were already made in the bill, his
proviso would be but surplusage, and could do no
harm. It would guard against doubt, and reason-
able doubt. He offered the amendment with no
purpose to embarrass the bill, but to prevent the ex-
clusion from its benefits of a large number of his
constituents, who were called out as militiamen
on several occasions, and served three, six, and
many of them twelve months in all.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. THXIRMAN moved the following amend-
ment:
And all the sailors and marines of the naval forces which
