THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Conoress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1850.
New Series No. 13.
Mr. TOOMBS said he wished to say but a
word upon this question. The Speaker bad de-
cided that the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina was in order, because it was a
question pertaining to the organization of the
House. He apprehended that the Speaker had
committed an error in that respect. This was not
an office known to the law; it was created only by
the rules of the House. The office of Speaker
and Clerk alone were known to the law, and when
these two officers were elected, the House of Rep-
resentatives were competent to pass a law—as they
had already passed a law—and to do any business
whatever. It was not every officer, whom by their
rules they might choose to appoint, that was ne-
cessary to the organization of the House, Sup-
pose that, by a rule, they provided for the appoint-
ment of a bootblack: could a resolution for his ap-
pointment be made a question of privilege, to ar-
rest and override all other business* They might
create this office, and twenty more, if they saw
fit, but these would not be such officers as were
necessary to an organization of the House. Did
the Chair hold that every officer provided for by
a rule of the House was necessary to the organi-
zation of the House, and that it was, therefore, a
•question of privilege*
Mr. BAYLY inquired of the gentleman from
Georgia, if a rule of the House was not as clearly
obligatory upon the House as a law?
Mr. TOOMBS replied, that it was, but its execu-
tion was not a question of organization. This
House had determined to postpone the execution
of this rule until the first of March, 1851. He
did not pretend to say whether that action contin-
ued the ojd officers or whether it abolished the
offices. They had refused to execu'e the rule—to
elect these officers; they had the right to set aside
the rule in this way; and it was nonsense to talk
about this proposition being a question of privi-
lege, and having precedence over all other busi-
ness. The whole difficulty into which the Chair
had fallen was in supposing that these were officers
necessary to the organization, and that the ques-
tion necessarily had precedence over other busi-
ness, and that the House could do nothing else until
■ this matter was disposed of.
Those officers who were recognized by the Con-
stitution and the law were necessary to the organ-
ization, and their election, from the necessity of
the case, was a question of privilege, which must
be decided before the House could do any busi-
ness. The House had provided by rule for the
election of Doorkeeper and Postmaster; they might
also provide for fifty pages to be appointed by the
House. But woufd gentlemen contend that be-
cause the House had seen fit to waive the election
of these officers, therefore the whole business of
Congress and the country must give way when
the gentleman from South Carolina proposed to
make these pro tempore officers ? If they wanted
to elect pro tempore officers, they must do it accord-
ing to the rule. .
Mr. BURT (Mr. T. yielding at his request)
said he would be glad to know if the gentleman
from Georgia recognized as officers of this House
the Doorkeeper and Postmaster of the last House
of Representatives?
Mr. TOOMBS*replied, that whether he did or
not, was immaterial to this question of precedence
of business. He was arguing the question of
privilege, and whether these offices were vacated
 whether they existed or did not exist, did not af-
fect the question.
Mr. BURT wished to suggest to the gentleman
from Georgia, that the office of Clerk was not one
recognized by the Constitution. *
M^r. TOOMBS said it was by the law of 1 i&J.
Mr BURT (continuing) said, that the Consti-
tution and the law of 1789 provided for the election
of Clerk and other officers; and whenever the House
created other offices, those officers became necessary
to the perfect organization of the _ House; and
when chosen, they partook of the privileges of the
Hou^e, and became attaches of the House, as the
gentleman would find, if he would extend his re-
searches into Parliamentary law.
13
Mr. TOOMBS (resuming) said, the gentleman
from South Carolina was wholly mistaken in sup-
posing that the Doorkeeper of the House and any
officer whom they might create by their rules
stood upon the same footing as the Speaker and
Clerk, who were recognized, the Speaker by the
Constitution, and both by the law of 1789,and who
were necessary to the organization of the House.
The Doorkeeper and Postmaster were crcated by
rale, and this refusal to elect them might be one
way, and a very proper way, of getting rid of tliem.
The Speaker and the Clerk recognized, the one
by the Constitution, and both by the law of 1789,
were the only officers whom they were under ob-
ligation to elect. None other were necessary to
■an organization, to the full, perfect performance
of all their duties as a House. They could pass
laws, or do any other legislative act, without them.
He repeated, he denied that there was any ques-
tion of privilege relating to organization, except
the election of those officers recognized by the law
and the Constitution. The House had determined
not to execute its own rules, creating a Doorkeeper
and Postmaster. Had they not the right to do so ?
That was one mode of dispensing with these of-
fices.—of abolishing them. The House having
postponed the election of these officers till 1st of
March, 1851, this was a proposition to create a
new officer, or in other words, to devolve new du-
ties upon the Sergeant-at-arms. It was, therefore,
clearly out of order.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, expressed an un
willingness to detain the House, but he deemed it
important that the question should be adjusted at
this time. He desired to observe, first, that this
office of Doorkeeper was created in the year 1789,
at the very first meeting of the first Congress. On
the first meeting the Doorkeeper was appointed,
and was subsequently confirmed by resolution.
The Clerk was provided for on the same day—
the 1 st of March, 1789—and the provision for the
! election of a Clerk, and his continuance in office,
was embodied in the rules of the House. The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs} contended
that by the rules of the House it was provided that
the Clerk, and all other officers of the House,
should continue to hold their offices until their
successors should be appointed; and that we, by
adopting the rules of the last Congress, haveadopt-
ed this provision by which the officers of the House
hold their offices until the election of their succes-
sors. "We had adopted the'rules of the last Con-
gtess, and on that fact he rested the whole case,
because the House had bound itself to the execu-
tion of its duty under these rales, and we had de-
termined that they should be executed at a remote
day—the 1st of March, 1851. The House was
aware, therefore, that it could not perform the
solemn duty of electing these officers, imposed
on it by the rules, until March, 1851. In the
mean time, as had been admitted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck] the present
Doorkeeper (Mr. Horner) holds the office by suf-
ferance. And the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr
Savage] had insisted on his right to require that
the person now acting as Doorkeeper should be
excluded from the privilege of the floor. When
the gentleman rose and insisted on his rignt,
it. appeared to be but proper that the House
should adopt some course of action in accord-
ance with this suggestion. What did the gentle-
man from South Carolina propose by the reso-
lution which he had submitted ? His object was
to provide for the contingency which, in the opin- !
ion of the gentleman from Tennessee, had been I
created. If the Doorkeeper held over his situation
under the rules, he could only be approached
through the rules. But if he did not hold on un-
der the rules, but only by sufferance, then, clearly,
the objection of any one member divested him of
his title by sufferance, and the House was bound
to provide for the contingency thus occurring, as
clcarly one of privilege identical with the action of
organization. , . .
Mr. TOOMBS said he rested his1 position on
the act of 1789.
Mr. McLANE trusted the gentleman from
Georgia would not forget that the House had al-
ready repudiated that authority. When the gen-
tleman from Georgia presented his views oil the
subjectof the election of a Clerk of this House,and
rested his opinions on this authority,- he would
remember that the whole House—he would not
say the whole House, but a large majority—bad
cried down the effort. So that in presenting the
act of 1789, as the ground of his argument in the
settlement of the question of privilege, it was not
sustained by the opinion of the House.
Mr. TOOMBS said that when he made the at-
tempt to address the House, there were no rules
in existence, and he did not regard the decision of
the majority on that occasion as any authority.
Mr. McLANE made a reply, which was not
audible on account of the conversation ^ near the
reporter. He was understoodjto be arguing, that,
as the order under which the^ House was to elect
luc uluci umuw nil'""
had been postponed, it was in the power of the
House to provide temporarily for these offices.
He submitted that the House had ruled that the
question of Jprivilege as to theelection of a Clerk,
embraced all the other officers necessary to the
organization of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK stated that the Chair had made
a decision, when a similar resolution had been
formerly submitted, that it was out of order, as
the House could only elect its officevs by a viva
voce vote. ,
Mr. McLANE rejoined, that was not to the
point, for the question before us was not whether
we should elect. On all hands it was agreed that
the election was postponed to March,1851: mean-
while who shall perform the duties of Doorkeeper ?
Shall it be Mr. Horner, the Doorkeeper of the
last House of Representatives, or shall it be opr
own Sergeant-at-arms, elected by this House at
its present session '
Mr SCHENCK expressed his intention to sus-
tain the view which had been thrown out by the
Chair in its decision.
Mr McLANE hoped the gentleman from Ohio
would sustain the Chair by his vote on this
question : and then they would rule that the  ei-
geant-at-arms, or some one else, (Mr. Hornerhim-
self, perhaps,) should perform the duties of Door-
keeper. •
Mr. BURT begged permission to refer to the
act of 1789, in order to show that it did not con-
template the election ofa Clerk, but that the provis-
ion related to the administering of the oath to the
Clerk. It did not authorize the House to elect a
Clerk, but merely to administer the oath to the
Clerk
Mr' McLANE then called the attention of the
House to the dates of the proceedings, to show
that the Clerk had been elected already when this
act was passed. He did not understand that the
act referred to any other officer than the Clerk,
and oniv to provide for swearing him.
Mr. TOOMBS said, his point was not how the
Clerk was created. He had only meant to show
that the law provided how he should be sworn.
Mr. McLANE understood the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] as now resting the ques-
tion of privilege alone on the act of 1789.
Mr TOOMBS. Not at all. He merely had
contended that the House could not proceed .to
business until a Clerk had been elected.
Mr. BURT made a remark, not audible, re at:ive
to the Doorkeeper being sworn to keep secrets, as
it was understood by the reporter. r.eer.re&
Mr. McLANE said, that when he had referred
to the gentleman from Georgia, he f reS5t upon it
that he presented the act of 17!59 t; . P
i,  "t-wnarrasSK; £
sucn was not the Whv was it that the
a* embraced^ choosing the
officers of the House, had overruled every prov-
ing of the House for the last six ?r seven we.^ J*
wis because the Constitution ol the United btates
provided for that election. He referred the House to
The 73d rule as to the election of Doorkeeper. The
House had not said it would not comply with t e
requisitions of this rule, but had meiely fated a.
