1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
were engaged in battle on lakes Erie and Champlaiti with
sliore batteries or rot-ens oi the enemy where no prize money
could be gained, or have actually served with the land forces
against the enemy, shall receive one hundred and sixty
acres ofland.
Mr. T. said he had no wish to detain the
committee with any lengthened remarks in re-
ference to this amendment. The committee must
at once see ite object. The class of persons
who were embraced in the amendment had ren-
dered very meritorious services, and had never
received bounties from the Government. He pro-
posed the amendment to show that he had not
been unmindful of their interests.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SACKETT renewed it, and said; I wish
to call the attention of the committee—inasmuch
as the general extent to which the bill is to
go seems to be pretty well understood—to the
operation of it in the particular section of the
country in which I reside. By the bill, as it at
present stands, only those who served three
months and over are entitled to advantages under
it. The number of those belonging to the State of
New York in the war with England, the only one
in which they are interested, who served for six
months, are 7,626, and those over three months,
18,967. The first class are entitled to eighty and
the second to forty acres. Not more than one in*
fifteen of those men is now living, so that all New
York will get is not over ninety thousand acres.
She has a population of 3,000,000. All the inter-
est, then, which the people of New York have in
the bill is 90,000 acres, while the people of Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Texas will re-
ceive not less than 10,000,000 of acres.
The bill will swallow up 100,000,000 of acres,
and of this enormous quantity the State of New
York will receive about 90,000. It will swal-
iowupallthe land that can be brought into the mar-
ket for the next twenty-five years, and our popula-
tion "will be absolutely excluded. A population of
twelve millions in the Eastern, Middle,and Attan-
ticStates will receive but a million and a half of
acrcs, while the eight millions who live in the
South and Southwest will have ninety-eight and
a half million acres. Under this bill Pennsylvania
will be entitled to, say 55,000 acres. She has a
population of two millions and over. Florida has
a population of 60,000, and the people of that
State with those engaged in the Florida war, will
be entitled to at least fifteen jnillions of acres.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Sackett was rejected.
■> Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, That all the soldiers of the revolutionary war,
who -it'ay have served in said war, shall be entitled to 160
acres ofland, and in case of the death of any soldier, then
the said l.ind may be located by his widow, or in case of her
death, by his descendants, prclV'l rinn the next to km. Pro-
vided,further, That said soldiers have not already received
bounty Jand.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following, to come
in at the end of the third section:
And no assignment, sat , transfer, or conveyance of the
bounty laud, allowed umlei the piovisions of ibis bill, shall
be valid m law, so a> to divest Hie patentee or patentees, or
bis or their lieir  or legal representatives, of theii title
therein, hut shall be utterly void, unless such as&ignmenl,
sale, transfer or conveyance shall be endorsed on the patent
it&elf, acknowleged belote a justice of the peace, or other
officer duly authorized to lake the acknowledgement of
deeds, and attested b) two witnesses.
Mr. S. said: This substitute for the original bill
being sprung suddenly upon us, without oppor-
tunity for examination, and not printed, it is hard
to know exactly what are its terms. But I have
had a moment to look into it at the Clerk's desk,
and I believe the third section provides that no
assignment, sale, or conveyance of any kind, shall
be valid, if made before the issuing of the patent.
The Mexican bounty-land bill provided that every
assignment should be void or voidable in law, if
made before the warrant was issued. In that case,
how was the law evaded? By taking, as I have
already said, the assignment from the soldier in
blank, so far as the date was concerned, and filling
it up with a false date after the warrant issued.
How will it be under the provisions of this bill,
as they now stand? Conveyances or deeds will
be executed in the same way—blank as to dates,
in other respects in due form—the dates will be
inserted in fraud of the law, after the issuing of the
patent, and the purchaser will pocket the proceeds
of property for which he has paid perhaps one
tenth of its value.
The amendment that I have offered provides
against this. It provides thattheevidencfe of the first
transfer of title shall appear upon the patent itself.
Thenitmust necessarily be madeingood faith, and
cannot be filled up fraudulently. If you do not in-
corporate some such provision, thesame advantage
will be taken of the soldiers as you know has been
heretofore done, and the same frauds perpetra-
ted. Sir, if gentlemen will not accept some such
amendment as this, I shall be compelled to con-
clude, though they may not design it, that they
are acting for the advantage of speculators, rather
than for the benefit of the old soldiers.
Sir, I have heard much of this sympathy so
eloquently professed and expressed for the poor
soldier in this place, on more than one occasion
heretofore—a great ado about what was to be done
for him. We had the loud changes rung: upon that
theme when lands were voted to the soldiers of the
Mexican war. I cannot, will not, allow myself to
believe that there are those here now who would
engage in such speculations; but I grieve to con-
fess it—and yet I am assured and confident it is
true—that there was more than one—two of such
honorable gentlemen I have now in my mind,
members of that former Congress, though not of
this, who went largely into that business of land-
warrant brokerage, after they had patriotically
helped- to pass the law. It is pretty well under-
stood that they had their jackall agents a,t New
Orleans, and elsewhere, on the.return of the sol-
diers from the war, to buy up their claims for the
bounty land at ten, twenty, or thirty dollars a
head—receiving the soldier's discharge and his
signature to one of these forms of assignment in
blank; and one, at least, of these congressional
speculators made profits thus, which have been
estimated at a fortune of at least a hundred thou-
sand dollars. I*, gives me no pleasure, but pain
and indignation, to believe, as I am constrained to
do, that this is true.
Several Voices. Who are they? Name them.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is not necessary. 1
have told you they are not here now. Sir. 1
believe that the active friends of this bill honestly
design to do something substantial for the ohje.cts
of it; and if so, why will they not consent that
this amendment shall be adopted, so that their
bounty may be made secure? The amendment
can do no harm, at all events. Gentlemen profess
to be desirous of embodying the principle of pro-
tection which I contend for. Then let them so
modify the bill as to make the protection and
security sure, and thus prevent designing persons
from taking advantage of the necessities or igno-
rance of the soldier, and robbing him of his prop-
erty, b'y means of these fraudulent assignments,
made in advance of the issuing of the patent. My
only object is, to prevent at least this great class of
frauds in future, if 1 can.
In the course of Mr. Schenck's remarks—
Mr. McDONALD raised the point of order, that
the amendment had been offered as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Hubbard,] and therefore could not again be
offered.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK having concluded,
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Hebard and Ewing were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 73.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE offered the following amend-
ment:
Sire. 2 Jlnd he it further enacted, That all land warrants
issued under and by authoiity of this act, shall be for the
sole use and benefit and in the name ot the petsons therein
named, or their hens', and shall not be transfeiable or lia-
ble for debt, but remain the propeitv of the aforesaid gran-
tees, or their hens, inalienable: Jlnd provided, the said^war-
rants are located within five jeais front the day they are is-
sued, otherwise &aid warrants shall be void and of no effect.
The question was put, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment:
And there shall be granted to the naval forces of the Uni-
ted Stales which served in the Florida war with the land
forces, eighty actes to each man.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. ASHE offered the following amendment:
Be it further enacted, That whenever satisfactory evidence
may be produced before the Department of the Interior, that
any officer, commissioned or non-commissioned, private or
musician, who may have served in the Continental or State
service during the war of the Revolution, and who never
received an aftrquate bounty in lands, either from the Uni-
ted States, or from any State of the Union, he shall be en-
titled, if Jiving, or if dead, such children, now living, as he
may have left at his death, to such quantity of tjje public
lands as provided for under the provisions of the different
resolutions adopted by the Continental Congress.
Mr. ASHE said: Mr. Chairman, in offering this
amendment, I can assure the friends of the bill
that I have no disposition to clog or embarrass its
passage, buton the contrary, since it is the evident
determination of a majority of the committee that
it shall become the law of the land, I am only
solicitous that it shall be so amended as to popu-
larize it in the public estimation. Before remark-
ing upon the character of the proposed amend-
ment, I will state that I have heard of no good and
sufficient answer to the objection urged against
the bill—tf that it is calculated to impair the char-
acter of our institutions for honesty and justice."
The public domain, or " what is exactly the same
thingin'a court of conscience,' " the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, have been solemnly
appropriated by a law of Congress to the redemp-
tion of our national debt. When our country,
laboring under the pressure of a foreign war, was
compelled to borrow the money wherewith to
carry on that war, in order to facilitate this
national purpose, this hypothecation wassolemnly
made, and the question is: Does or will not the
passage of this bill destroy or impair the nature of
that security? I am decidedly of that opinion.
I know that gentlemen, with great casuistry 
argue that the appropriation of forty or fifty mil-
lions of acres of the public domain, leaving the
amount of a billion of acres still on hand, unap-
propriated, should not be considered as having
that effect; and in order to strengthen and make
more plausible this position, they suggest that the
settlement of a portion of the domain renders
more valuable the unappropriated portions. This
suggestion would answer very well as an argu-
ment addressed to the jndgment of our national
creditors, to obtain from them a release of their
interest in such portions as we might be desirous
of disposing of. But [ submit it has no grace or
virtue when we use it as a justification of a wanton
violation of the public faith. We should always be
mindful of the fact, the truth of which the history
of the world corroborates, that national faith is the
brightest gem which a Republic can wear in her
coronet. It should be our greatest solicitude to pre-
serve it unimpaired.
If the friends of the bill had adopted the amend-
ment offered by the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, the purpose of which was to set aside
thirty millions of acres of the public domain for
| the liquidation of the loan of $23,000,000,
I above referred to, this great objection would, in
i a measure, have been obviated. But, sir, the re-
! jection of that amendment clearly evinces, on the
part of a majority of the committee, a fixed deter-
mination to pass the bill with these weighty ob-
jections thick upon it. I am constrained, Mr.
Chairman, to say, that I cannotgive the bill, under
the circumstances, my support. Freeit from these
objections and there is no soul within these walls
would leap with greater joy than mine at its pas-
sage.
I will only observe, in regard to the amendment
which I have submitted, that its object is to ex-
tend the provisions of the bill so as to embrace
those worthy and meritorious revolutionary pa-
triots who have not as yet received from the Gov-
; ernment any substantial evidence of its gratitude.
1 By the resolutions of the Continental Congress,
; passed in the years '76 and '80, to which I invite
i the attention of the committee, only those soldiers
and officers who enlisted under the condition to
, serve during the war, were entitled to any bounty
j of lands. Now, sir, it is a historical tact, that
j there was a class of revolutionary patriots who
I enlisted for a less period than the duration of the
I war, and who, of course, were entitled to no
! bounty under these resolutions; yet who will gain-
■ say that their claim on our benevolence is not as
| strong, if not stronger, than those who are in-
i eluded in the provisions of the bill under discus-
1 sion? The committee should bear in mind that it
j was partly through their labor and service that
| these very lands were acquired which we"are now
I disposed to distribute so profusely.among ouiers.
i This bill is made to wear an ungracious appear-
