1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There were again loud calls for the question.
[Much impatience-and confusion.]
Mr. SACKETT moved the following amend-
ment:
"And provided further, That no patent shall issue for any
land under this act until the same shall be actually occu-
pied."
Mr. ROBINSON raised the] point of order
against-the amendment that it had been voted
down before.
The CHAIRMAN" overruled the point of order.
Mr. SACKETT. The question whether sol-
diers or speculators shall have the land granted by
this bill, is fairly presented by this amendment,
and by the vote upon it, it will be seen whether
gentlemen, who are professedly in favor of making
donations of land to those who have performed
actual- services, are willing to pass such a bill as
will secure to them the benefit of the donations,
or whether they are for putting it in the power of
speculators and land-jobbers by fraud to secure
to themselves practically, the whole of the boun-
ties we are grunting.
By this amendment, no lands will be in market
except the lands wanted for actual settlement.
Without it your land titles will all be in the mar-
ket, and sold at almost nominal prices, so that the
soldier will get little or nothing.
Pass this amendment, and the soldier may sell
to some person who desires to go into the occu-
pancy of the land, and in this way receive the
benefit of the law, otherwise he will be defrauded
out of all his interest under it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. CONRAD offered the following amend-
ment:
"Provided, That all officers or soldiers who shall
have been actually engaged in battle, shall bo entitled to
the same quantity of land as those who have been m ser-
vice tor the period of &jx months."
A point of order made against the amendment
by Mr. Harris, of Illinois, was overruled.
Mr. CONRAD said he thought the friends of
the bill would not object to this amendment..
There certainly had been an oversight in the prep-
aration of the bill, and he desired to correct it.
The bill, in the distribution of the bounty lands,
makes the length of the term of service" the test.
This was not a correct test. One soldier might
render more service in a single battle than another
would in a service of twelve months. Of the im-
mense number of persons who would claim the
benefit of this bill, the majority had never rendered
any actual service whatever—mere holiday sol-
dieis—heroes of the parade ground, whose only
exploits consisted in their exhibiting themselves
before the admiring eyes of the damsels m their
neighborhood, clothed m brilliant uniforms, and
surrounded by
"All the pomp and circumstance of glorious war;"
but who knew nothing of its privations or its dan-
gers; who had never smelled gunpowder; who had
never, perhaps, abandoned for a day their comfort-
able homes; who could not even boast that "they
had marched up a hill and then marched down
again;" and yet these men might receive a warrant
for the largest quantity of land, while those who
had abandoned their homes, who had suffered the
privations and encountered the dangers of war,
would receive less, or perhaps go entirely unre-
warded. The heroes of Bladensburg might per-
haps fare better than those who, at North Point
or New Orleans, had earned immortal honors for
themselves and theircountry. The men of Florida,
whose only merit consisted in organizing them-
selves, for the purpose of protecting their own
homes from a few Indians in their immediate neigh-
borhood, would unquestionably receive a larger
share of land than the patriotic citizens of Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Alabama, who had gone to
their assistance, and who had starved and fought
at Withlacoochie. He would sanction no such in-
justice, and would vote for no bill that did sanc-
tion it. He called upon those, therefore, who had
taken upon themselves the exclusive guardianship
of this bill, to sustain this amendment. If it was
rejected, he should certainly vote against the bill.
Tellers were asked and refused, and the ques-
tion being taken, the amendment was rejected.
The question again recurring on the substitute—
The question, which was loudly called for, was
put, and was decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the substitute of Mr. Milled was adopted
in lieu of the original bill.
The bill having been gone through—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved a
substitute for the title, as follows:
Bill granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who were engaged in the military service of the United
States."
Mr. CROWELjL moved an amendment to the
amendment, to make the title as follows:
" A bill to aid capitalists and speculators to monopolize
the public lands and to increase the price thereof, and to
impede the settlement of the western States, in which the
pu.bhc lands are situated."
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, raised the point of order,
that the title of the bdl was not amendable in com-
mittee, and that it was the last thing to be con-
sidered.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his amendment,
and moved that the committee rise and report the
bill.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and reported
their action to the House.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
was first on agreeing to the amendment, (the sub-
stitute,) and then upon ordering the bill to be en-
grossed.
Mr. MILLER (from among many competitors)
obtained the floor, and moved the previous ques-
tion.
After a few words of conversation between Mr.
Meade and the Speaker, upon a question of order,
The bill was read.
The previous question was then seconded, and
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, was decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the substitute reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
be engrossed, was taken and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
upon the engrossment, and to lay that motion on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MILLER obtained the floor, and moved
the previous question.
Mr. CROWELL. Has the bill been engrossed?
The SPEAKER. The bill has been engrossed.
The previous question was seconded, and
The main question was ordered, being upon the
passage of the bitf.
Mr. MEADE, simultaneously with several
other gentlemen, demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MEADE moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
rejected.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring upon the passage of the
bill,
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 155, nays 36, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, Aver-
ett, Bay, Bajly, Bmgham, Bissell, tiocoek, Booth, Bowdon,
Bowie, Bowlm, Bo>d, Bruck, Bngg-*, Albert G. Brown, Win.
J. Brown, Buirovvs, Burt, Chester Butler, Joseph Ca-
ble, George A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
W. It. IV, Cobb, Coleoek, Colt, Coiwin, Dickey, Dwimick,
Disney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Edniurid on, Kwing,
Peatherston, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Giddmgs, Gdmore,
Goodenow, Gorman, Gould, Green, Gunnell, Hall, Hallo-
way, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson, HarUn, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay, Hay-
Hjond, Hebard, Hihbard, Boagland, Howe, Hubbard, Hun-
ter, Irigt, Joseph VV. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, L.
Johnson, Robert VV. Johnston, Jones, Julian, IOn, Ja.ues
G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mar-
shall, Mason, Mattesoii,McCleniaud, McDonald, McDowell,
MeGaught.y, MeLanahan, Robeit M. McLane, McMullen,
i McUuten, McWilhe, Meacham, Meade, xMtller, Millson,
Moore, Morehead, Morris, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell,
Ogle, Old-, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Pea>Iee, Peck, Phelps,
Phoenix, Pitman, Cotter, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Rob-
bing Robintson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Sciiermerhorn,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulihng, Sprague, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Steuon, Strong, Sweeper,
Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John
B. Tnoinpson, William Thompson, Thurman, Van D>Ue,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wentworth, Whiuie-
*ry, Wildrick, Williams, Wilmoi, Winthtop, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—1.35.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashe, Beale, Bokee, Brooks,
Conger, Conrad, CroweJl, Danu:l, Deberry, Dixon, Dmkee,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Gerry, Gou, Henry, Holla-
day, Holmes, Houston, Daniel P.Kmg, George G. King,
Preston King, Horace Mann, Otis, ItisJey, Root, Rumsey,
Sackett, Sehenck, Schoolcraft, Alexander H. Stephens,
Toombs, Tuck, Venable, and" White--36.
[Mr. Owen, when his name was called, stated
that Mr. Cleaveland had paired off with him at
his request, and declined to vote.
Mr. Alston, who was absent from his seat at
the moment his name was called, asked leave to
record his vote: Objection was made.]
So the biH was passed.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the ta-ble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question being on agreeing to the title— .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved the
amendment to the title which he had offered in
committee, and moved the previous question.
Mr. CROWELL made an effort to move as an
amendment to the amendment, the title he had
proposed in committee, but the amendment was
excluded by the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seonded, and the
mam question was ordered, and under its opera-
tion the amendment to the title proposed by Mr.
Thompson was adopted.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON a motion to re-
consider the vote agreeing to the title, was laid on
the table.
[the btll,
As finally passed, is in the form in which it was
submitted by Mr. Miller, and inserted in a pre-
vious part of this day's proceedings.]
The title of.the bill as amended was, "Abill
granting bounty lands to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States."
. The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 25, 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am requested
to present to the Senate the petition of five hun-
dred inhabitants and legal voteis of the town of
Grafton, in the county of Worcester, of all polit-
ical parties, representing that business has disas-
trously declined under the provisions of the act of
1846, and great embarrassment has in consequence
ensued.
They express their belief that the substitution
of ad valorem for specific duties was a fatal error,
whereby frauds of the grossest character are con-
stantly perpetrated at the custom-house by a false
entry of goods by fictitious valuation, depriving
the laborer of the benefits intended to be secured
to him by the acf, and doing at the same time
flagrant injustice to the honest importer.
They entreat Congress to apply a remedy to
these evils, by suppressing the frauds and securing
to tne American laborer the protection which wul
enable him to pursue his business successfully
against the pressing competrion of the cheap,
overtabked, and down-trodden labor of Europe.
The evils which were predicted from the act of
1846 have been extensively realized, and are more
and more severely felt as the making of fraudulent
entiles is more cunningly devised. The laborers
have struggled on, hoping for better times, till
many of them are either overwhelmed with bank-
ruptcy or obliged to suspend their business to save
themsel ves.
1 find in the newspapers the following state-
ments: M.any of the cotton and woolen nulls are
running without profit. Some aie suspended in
part, others in whole. Calico printing has been
disastrous, and caused heavy and calamitous fail-
ures. it is stated that of forty-one foige fires on
the Saranac river, thirty-four have been extin-
guished. Eight out of eighteen have been extin-
guished on Salmon river; and now more than a
dozen out of forty-five on the Au Sable are not in
operation. It is said, also, that of one hundred
and twenty-t%° furnaces recently in operation in
Pennsylvania, sixty three are extinguished. In
Maryland, it is added, live out of six roiling mills
have stopped. The cause of this will be more
apparent by stating another fact, derived from a
New York paper, dated June 3:
" We saw to-day a hat of foity-four vessels, most of them
American, winch had brought British iron to one of our
American railroad companies, wnhin the space of aboat
forty days.
"In addition to the n?ual lake trade, anew wharf is now
being const! ueted for the reception ot' thirty thousand tons- pf
railroad iron, now on it& way from England direct to jDuu-
kirk, through the Wellandcanal."
