1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
prior to 1800; which was referred to the select
committee on the subject.
Mr, BENTON submitted documents relating to
the claim of Absalom Hughes, a United States
pensioner, for an increase of pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr, DICKINSON presented-"the petition of
John McCann and others, asking that diplomatic
intercourse with the Government of Austria may
be suspended,* which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
_ Mr. COOPER presented fifty-five petitions of
citizens of Philadelphia, asking that the spirit ra-
tion in the navy may be abolished; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr, HAMLIN. I have been intrusted with a
large number of memorials involving two subjects,
one asking for the abolition of corporal punish-
ment in the navy, and the other the discontinuance
of the use of intoxicating liquors on board of any
of the vessels of the United States, except in the
dispensary. _ To these various memorials are at-
tached the signatures of some ] 2,000 persons—sig-
natures embracing some of the most worthy men
in our State. They embrace members of the vari-
ous professions, and indeed of every occupation of
life; and I would observe that they truly represent
the impressions and opinions of this portion of the
community on the subjects embraced in the me-
morials. I beg leave to say that I hope these me-
morials will undergo the serious consideration of
the committee to which they may be referred, and
that at the proper period I shall lend my most ear-
nest efforts for the accomplishment of the object
for which they ask, I move that they be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTTCT2S OF BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to repeal so much of an act approved
March 3d, 1849, entitled " An act to establish the
Home Department, and to provide for the Treas-
ury Department an Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury and a Commissioner of Customs," as
relates to the Department of the Interior.
Mr. MASON gave notice that he would ask leave
to introduce a bill to change the time of holding
the District Court of the United States in the west-
ern district of Virginia, and for other purposes.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day thereafter, ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief Peter A,
Carnes.1
Mr, KING gave notice that he would to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to repeal the 13th section of the act en-
titled "An act to establish the judicial courts of
the United States," approved 24th September, 1789.
Mr. FQOTE gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill to be entitled
(C An act to grant to the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, respectively, a donation of public
land, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio river."
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr, BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish
a port of entry and delivery at Little Rock, in
Arkansas; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN FROM FILES.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That the petition of Wm. D. and Julia Acken,
representatives of Wm. Tool, deceased, on the files of the
Seriate, be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JONES,
Ordered, That the petition of Adam D. Stewart, on the
files of the Senate, be iefern;d to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That Alexander Tait have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Panama Railroad Company, in
relation to a contract with the Secretary of the
Navy, for the transportation of stores and troops,
reported in favor of printing; which report was
agreed to.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to whieh
was referred the motion to print ten thousand ad-
ditional copies of the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary on the bill to provide for the more
effectual execution of the third clause of the
second section of the fourth article of the Consti-
tution of the United States, reported in favor of
the same; which report was concurred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the petition of
Charles L. Jones, for compensation for services in
subsisting volunteers in the late war with Mexico,
reported against the same; which report was con-
curred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the petition of
citizens of Virginia against the employment of
chaplain_s in the public service, reported against
printing the same; which report was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the report of the Sec-
retary of State of the 16th January, together with
the accompanying correspondence of the Consul
of the United States at Valparaiso, reported in
favorof printing the same; which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the usual additional
copies of the report of the Commissioner of the
General kand Office, reported in favor of the same.
CUMBERLAND DAMj .
Mr. BELL. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to report back a bill making ail ap-
propriation for the repair and improvement of the
dam at the head of Cumberland Island, on the
Ohio river. And I must ask the Senate this morn-
ing to favor me so far as to consider this bill now.
Senators who were present at the last session of
Congress will remember that this question under-
went some discussion at that time; and I believe
there were but seven or eight members of this body
who felt themselves constrained, upon the ground
of the principle involved in the question, to vote
against the proposed appropriation. This bill, like
the one of last year, proposes an appropriation for
i the repair of a portion of the Cumberland dam in
the Ohio river; and as there are some Senators
j who have taken their seats since the time when
S the question was before the Senate, I will state in
1 their hearing, in order that they may understand
J precisely the nature of the case, that this dam,
i owing to the dilapidated condition into which it
has been permitted to fall by neglect, has become
a very serious obstruction to the navigation of the
Ohio river; and this obstruction has been increas-
ing for two or three years past, to the very great
inconvenience and detriment of those States bor-
dering upon that river, including Western Penn-
sylvania and Western Virginia. The obstruction
has been greatly increased, as I have said, within
the last two or "three years, by the increase of the
bar which has been formed in,the channel; and to
such an extent has that obstruction grown, that
the river can scarcely be navigated with safety,
except in very high water. I will state, thatsincfe
the commencement of the-Iast session of Congress,
when a bill similar to this was proposed, there
have been within my own knowledge five lives
lost at that place in consequence of the condition
of the channel, and an amount of property de-
stroyed, of which I have no estimate, but which I
know to be very considerable, amounting at least
to one hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
dollars worth, and all this in consequence of the
neglect to repair the dam.
I will state, further, that for the last two or three
years, except when there has been high water or
a freshet, and that comprehends a large portion of
the business season, it has been necessary to keep
a stationary steam power at that point, in order to
aid ascending boats of all classes, where a cascade,
at low water, of three and a half or four feet has
to be overcome. Boats have been destroyed there
in great numbers, especially flat-boats; many have
been broken and a great number materially injured.
The destruction of property that has occurred there
cannot be estimated. Independently of the loss of
property from the capsizing of boats, and having
to throw the cargo overboard; independently of the
cost incident to the delay occasioned by the neces-
sity for unloading and then reloading, the loss
must amount to a sum of money which cannot be
estimated upon any known data, but which, if it
could be estimated, would probably be found to
be two or three hundred thousand dollars annually.
This obstruction has been increasing for two or
three years past, and I press for the passage of the
bill now, upon, the ground that unless the appro-
priation be made and the work commenced early
in the winter, the obstruction must remain for an-
other year. If the relief be delayed until the end
9of the session, the repair of the dam cannot be ac-
complished until next season, and two years must
elapse before the work can be accomplished.
I ask of the Senate that this bill may be passed
upon at once, so that it may go to the House and
receive as early consideration there as possible, itl
order that the Government may undertake the
work without unnecessary delay, and secure its
completion by, the end of this year. I trust there
will be no opposition, but that it will be allowed to
pass, because it stands on peculiar grounds, and
does not fall within the principle of general appro-
priations for purposes of internal improvement.
The dam ha3 been placed there by the Govern-
ment: it is an obstiuction which has been occa-
sioned by the act of the Government, and it must
either be removed or repaired; and in the opinion
of competent engineers it would be much cheaper
to repair it than to remove it altogether. The dam
is about six hundred yards, or nearly half a mile,
in extent. Adescription of it will be found amongst
the documents sent down from the Topographical
Department.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mitttee of the Whole, proceeded to the considera-
tion of said bill.
Mr. CLAY. 1 rise, sir, to express the hope
that the object which the Senator from Tennessee
has in view will be attained, and that this bill will
be passed now, so as to affoid an opportunity of
repairing the dam, or otherwise to effect an im-
provement in the navigation of that river in the
course of the present year. Sir, I happen to have
some knowledge—much more than I could have
wished to have had-—of this particular obstruction.
It was my misfortune or fortune to pass down the
Ohio river, on board the Old Hickory—a steamboat
bearing a name rather ominous, I must confess—
still I was not deterred, by the name, from going
on board her—about three or four year ago. We
occupied about four weeks in a voyage from
Louisville to Natchez, which, urder ordinary cir-
cumstances, would not have taken us more than
four days, and a considerable portion of the de-
lay arose from the very obstruction to which the
Senator from Tennessee alludes. I remember
the dam particularly well. We stuck upon it,
and all around us were the wrecks of boats, re-
maining there, which had been destroyed in con-
sequence of the dam, at low water. And I fur-
thermore recollect that there were seventy or
eighty head of cattle, that somebody was carry-
ing for consumption in New Orleans, that had to
be thrown out of the boat, some drifting down the
river, and others making their way through float-
ing timber and ice to the shore on the other side,
where they were afterwards taken up and brought
on board the steamer again. In fact, sir, the ob-
struction is of a most serious character, not only
affecting property to a considerable extent, but en-
dangering human life; and I think, sir, that under
the circumstances, the Senate having had this sub-
ject under consideration—as I understand it had—
last session, and a very large majority voting in
support of the proposition, if it is to be adopted it
should be adopted'now, so as to secure the unob-
structed navigation of the river. I hope it will be
allowed to pass without any opposition.
Mr. KING. I rise to ask, sir, whether there
has been a report made by the committee in this
case ?
If I understand the object of the gentleman, it
is to get clear of an improvement, as it was called,
that was constructed by the Government under an
appropriation by Congress, urged upon this body
time and again with a view to improving the nav-
igation of the Ohio, which, as_ it turns out,^ far
from being an improvement, is an obstruction,
which it is now necessary to remove.
Mr. BELL. I cannot give a direct answer to
the honorable Senator. I can only state that (ins
improvement was made upon the same principle
upon which most other great national works of
improvement have been made, with the view of
improving the navigation. It was made at a time
of low water, I do not know how many years
ago, perhaps some ten, twelve, or fifteen, on the
application of no particular class of citizens, nor
