1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 26,1850.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
CONVENTION IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution; which was read for information, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to tins House (if not incompatible
with the public interest) all orders or instructions issued by
any department of tljus Government to, any military or other
officer in New Mexico, and all dispatches received there-
from; also, to communicate any information which may
have been received by him relative to the call of a conven-
tion of the people of New Mexico, for the pirpose of form-
ing a State constitution; and that he inform the House
whether, if such call has been made, the same has been or-
dered, advised, or approved by the Executive ; and by whom
or by what authority such proceedings have been adopted
to change the government of said territory.
Mr. OTIS objected.
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BOWLIN. I desire again to invite the
attention of the House to the accumulation of bills
from the Senate on the Speaker's* table, that ought
to be referred to the appropriate committees. I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
them up for purposes of reference.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
CONTESTED ELECTION—IOWA.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether it was
competent, in view of the special orders, to call
for the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER stated that the contested-elec-
tion case from Iowa had been postponed for fur-
ther consideration to to-day, and that being aques-
tion of privilege, it had precedence over all other
business.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the special or-
der of busmen be postponed for one hour, that
the regular order might be called for.
The SPEAKER stated that such a motion
would not be in order; but a motion to postpone
until to-morrow would be.
Mr. McCLERNAND made the latter motion.
Mr. PHCENIX rose, and said he wished to in-
quire of the Committee on Printing at what time
the Patent Office report would be printed and
ready for delivery? He wished an answer for the
information of (he country.
The SPEAKER stated that no conversation
was in order at this time.
The question was taken, and the motion to post-
pone was rejected.
ARREARS OF EXTRA PAY.
Mr. BURT rose, and said he desired to ask the
unanimous consent of the House that a joint resolu-
tion, which had passed the Senate and was now on
the Speaker's table, affecting the business of the
executive departments of the Government, and
especially the bureaus connected with the War
Department, be taken up and passed. He was
sure if the House would do him the kindness to
allow it to be taken up and read, that no single
member would object to its passage. His object
in moving the consideration of the resolution at
this time arose from the fact that, by the provision
of the joint resolution itself, it was to take effoct
at the end of the fiscal year, which was the first of
July; and if it were not passed before the first of
July, the law of the Senate would be wholly in-
operative and ineffectual. He was sure there was
not a member of this House who could object to
the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina indicate the character of the joint
resolution ?
Mr. BURT. It is a resolution to transfer claims
for arrears of extra pay from the paymaster's de-
partment to the auditor's department, by which a
considerable saving would be made, to which the
bureaus were entirely willing, and which the pub-
he service eminently demanded.
Mr. JONES objected to taking up any business
on the table out of order.
Mr. BURT. If my friend from Tennessee will
allow the resolution to be read, and will object to
it then, I will not say another woid.
Mr. JONES persisted in his objection.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of busi-
CONTESTED ELECTION—IOWA.
** Mr. William Thompson, Sitting Member.
Mr. Daniel F. Miller, Contestant.
The SPEAKER. The order of business to-
day is the report of the Committee on Elections,
on the contested election from the first congres-
sional district of Iowa.
Mr. STRONG called for the reading of the
reports in the case, remarking; that they had been
printed but a day or two, and doubtless members
of the House were not familiar with the facts of
the case. *
The SPEAKER. The reports will be read.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved the usual resolution
admitting the contestant to a seat in the Hall, and
authorizing him to address the Hduse during the
pending of the case.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I suppose the hour
rule will apply in this case?
The SPEAKER. It will be so held, as it has
been in other cases.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. McGAUGHEY suggested-to the chairman
of the Committee on Elections [Mr. Strong] to
withdraw the call for the reading of the reports, as
it would consume much time and members could
more profitably read them themselves.
Mr. STRONG insisted upon the reading.
The two reports in the case were read, the
reading occupying about an hour. The majority
report is made by the chairman, Mr. Strong; the
minority report by Mr. Van Dvke. The follow-
ing extracts from the two reports present a general
view of the issues involved:
FROM THE MAJORITY REPORT.
" The official return of the vote^ polled in said district for
a member of the House of Representatives of the tlnrtv-first
Congress, at the general election held on the 7th day of Au-
gust, A. D. 1848, is as follows:
For William Thompson 6.477
For Daniel P. Miller  6,091
Official majority for William Thompson.... 386
This official return i* alleged by the contestant to be erro-
neous in three several particulars. alleges—
1. That in Monroe, one of the counties embraced in the
said congressional district, the clerk of the hoard of com-
missioners of said eonntv, who was also by law a member
of the board of canvassers, suppressed the vote of Kanes-
ville, a precinct of the couuty, and certified a false return of
the voles given ; that the vote of Kanesville, thus suppressed,
was: for Daniel F. Miller493, and lor William Thompson
30; and that these votes should be added to the number
olficialty returned.
2 Hf alleges that the board of canvassers of Polk county,
also one of the counties composing the district, counted and
certified forty-two votes for William Thompson and six for
the < ontestant, which were cast in Boone township, of said
coontv. These votes the contestant claims should he de-
ducted from the aggregates of the official return, because, as
he alleges, Boone township was placed by the districting
act in the second congressional di-trict
3. The contestant claims to he allowed seven additional
votes in Marion county, which is also within the fiist dis-
trict. These votes were given for Daniel Miller, arid were
rejected bv the eanva-sers on account of the omission of the
initial of the middle name, though the christian and sir-
names were correctlv described.
Upon the other side, the sitlina member claims—
1. That 'here should be allowed and counted the votes
in White Oak township, Mahaska county, (another of the
counties within said district,) which weie rejected hy the
canvassers, on the ground that the judges of the election in
that township did not certily that they had been sworn, ac-
cording 10 the requisition of the statutes of Iowa, although,
in truth, -such oath had been administered. The votes polled
m said White Oak township were: 53 for William Thomp-
son, and 10 for Daniel F\ Miller.
2. The sitting member also claims, that theie should be
added to the official return the votes given in Chariton
township, Appanoose county, (also within the di*tnci,) re-
jected by the canvassers >or the same reasons tor which the
votes of White Oak township were rejected; whereas, in
truth, the officers of the election in Chariton were sworn.
The vote of Chariton township was: for William Thomp-
son 16, and for Daniel F, Miller none,
3. The sitting member claims that there should be added
to the official return the vote of Wells township, in Appa-
noose county, also rejected by the hoard of canvas-em, for
reason* similar to those assigned in the case of Chariton
township. The votes in Wells were: for William Thomp-
son J1, and tor Daniel F. Miller 3.
4. Thesitlins member also alleges that, m the township
of Boone, in Dallas county, (which is one of the counties
embraced within the congressional district,) 56 votes were
illegally received and counted for the contestant, under the
following circumstances : The persons who thus vot^d were
not qualified voters, under the constitution and laws of the
State, in Dallas comity. They were at the time non-resi-
dent^ of the county, and came, on the day next preceding
the el ction, to the place at which it was held, from without
the bounds of the county of Dallas, and from without the
bounds of any distuct of country attached to Dallas for elec-
tion purposes. These fifty-six votes, it is claimed by the
sitting member, should be deducted from the number re-
turned as having been given to the contestant.
* * * * ******
Upon reviewing the conclusions thus submitted, the cor-
rect statement of the votes received by the sitting member
and the contestant is as follows :
For William Thompson.
Official abstract as returned 6,477 votes.
White.Oak, Mahaska county.  53 "
Chariton, Appanoose county  16 "
Wells, Appanoose county  11 "
Total vote rec.eived by William Thompson, 6,557 «
For Daniel F. Miiler.
Official abstract as returned 6,091 votes.
Rejected votes in Marion  7 "
AVhite Oak, Mahaska county  16 "
Wells, Appanoose county  3 "
6,117 «
Dpdnct illegal votes in Dallas given to contest-
ant  38 "
Total vote received by Daniel F. Miller.. .6,079 "
Majority for William Thompson  478 "
It is apparent, therefore, that, even if the vote at Kanes-
ville be received and counted, the result remains un-
changed. The Kanesville vote was: 493 for Daniel F.
Miller, and 30 for William Thompson, if this vote be
added to the aggregate above stated, it stands :
For William Thompson.
Aggregates above 6,557 votes.
Add Kanesville votes  30 "
Total.
.6,587 «
For Daniel F. Miller.
Aggrecate as above 6,079 votes.
Add Kanesville votes  493 «
Majority for William Thompson  15 "
In every aspect, therefore, in which the case can be justly
considered, your committee are of opinion that William
Thompson received a majority of the votes which were le-
gally polled, and was duly elected a representative to the
ihirty-first Congress from the first congressional district of
Iowa.
They submit the following resolution :
Revolved, That William Thompson is entitled to the seat
in this House which he now holds aa the representative from
the tir.-t congressional distuet of Iowa.
The resolution appended to this repor.t was adopted by the
following vote :
Ayes—Messrs. A«he, Isham G. Harris, Disney, Sampson
W. Harris, and Strong.
Noes—Messrs. Van Dyke, Thompson, McGaughey, and
Andrews.
The votes of White Oak and Chariton were unanimously
■'ordered to be counted.
The vote of Wells ordered to be counted :
Ayes—Messrs. Strong, Sampson W. Harris, Disney, Van
Dyke, Thompson, Isham G. Hatris, McGaughey, and Ashe.
No—Mr. Andrews.
Upon receiving the vote of Kanesville :
Ayes—MessisTVau Dyke, Thompson, McGaughey, Ashe,
and Andrews.
Noes—Messrs. Strong, Disney, Sampson W. Harris, and
Isham G. Harris.
Upon rejecting the vote of Boone township, Polk county:
AYiis—Messrs. S. W. Harris, Van Djke, Thompson, I, G.
Harris, Mi G iughev, and Andrews.'
Noes—Messrs. Strong, Disney, and Ashe.
Upon rejecting the voters in Boone township, Dallas
county, proved to have resided south of the south line of
Dallas:
Ayks—Messrs. S.W. Hatris, I. G. Harris, Disney, Van
D>ke, Ashe, and Strong.
Noes—Messis. McGaughey and Andrews.
THE MINORITY REPORT
Concludes with recommending the adoption of the
following resolutions:
1. Resolved, That the seven votes cast at Pleasant Grove,
with the middle letter of the contestant's name omitted, be
allo>v«d atid counted for him.
2 Resolved, That the vote cast at Kanesville be allowed
and counted as a legal vote.
3. Resolved, That the vote cast at White Oak be counted -
and allowed as a legal vote.
4. Resolved, '1 hat the vote cast at Chariton be allowed
and counted as a legal vote.
5. Resolved, Thai the vote cast in Wells township be al-
lowed and counted as a legal vote.
6. Resolved, That the vote cast in the township of Boone,
in the county oi Polk, in the second district, he disallowed
and deducted from the votes counted for tho fir -t distuct.
7. Resolved, That the votes cast in the county of Dallas,
by persons proved to have been residing at the time south
of the southerly line of Dallas, be rejected and disallowed.
Mr. STRONG said, that in the discharge of the
duty which devolved upon him as chairman of the
Committee of Elections, he proposed to submit to
the House, in as intelligible terms as it was possi-
ble for him to use, the facts as they appeared from
the evidence which had been produced before the
committee, and which it was necessary for the
House to consider in order to come to a just con-
clusion in regard to the merits of this case; and m
doing this he should confine himself to the law
and the evidence. He was fully aware that there
was much in the testimony which had been sub-
mitted which would, in ail human-probability, give
