1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
rise to discussion in the progress of the proceed-
ings, and which would be calculated to enlist on
one side or the other the prejudices of members of
this House. This was always the case. He
would venture to say that no case of contested elec-
tion had ever been presented for adjudication in
this House, or in any other legislative body, in
which a great deal of testimony had not been in-
troduced as a sort of make-weight, and which
should not be permitted to have any influence
whatever in leading the House to a conclusion.
The legislative body, which by the Constitution
■was made the tribunal for determining all ques-
tions touching the election of its members, was too
apt to be regarded as a jury; and gentlemen well
knew how common it was in courts of law to
throw before the jury matters which had really no
bearing either upon one side or the other of the
issue to be tried, but which nevertheless was in-
tended to create in the minds of the jury a preju-
dice against one or the other of the parties; and in
examining the action of this House in past cases,
he had been surprised to find to what an extent
extraneous matter had been introduced in order to
bring the House to a certain desired conclusion.
It required firmness, integrity, reflection, and men-
tal discipline in either a court of law or m a body
like this, to separate those things which were im-
material from those which should influence either
a jury or this House in arriving at a correct con-
clusion. .
He begged leave, before proceeding particularly
to examine the testimony in the case, to call the
attention of the House to a few of those consid-
erations which should not be lost sight of, if they
would arrive at a correct decision. It should not
be forgotten that this was a judicial investigation;
that they were acting as judges, and that they
were not at liberty to exercise any discretion; that
whatever might be their opinions regarding the
law, they must only take it as they found it, and
not as they desire it to lie; and that they must take
the facts as they were detailed before them in evi-
dence, and after the application of the law to those
facts, arrive, if possible, at a just conclusion.
And it should riot be forgotten, moreover, that this
question must be decided according to the laws of
Iowa. In every contested election, the question to
be deter/nined was—who had received the greatest
number of legal votes, polled in the mariner, at
the time, and at the place prescnbed by the law of
the State from which the representative claimed to
come? And the question to be decided m this
case was, what number of legal votes—votes
■which were in accordance with the statutes of
Iowa—had been received by the candidates re-
spectively. It was necessary, then, that they
should look at the action of the State of Iowa m
reference to the subject, and ascertain what her
constitution and laws prescribed, and he governed
by those laws in the decision of the case, and not
by any laws regarding elections which might be
found elsewhere.
The Constitution of the United States, he con-
tinued, has expressly reserved to the States the
power to prescribe the qualification of voters, with
no other restriction than that those who aie per-
mitted to vote for Representatives in this body
shall have the same qualification as those who
vote for members of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature. The Constitution has
also reserved to the States the right to prescribe
the time when the election shall be held, the places
at which they shall be held, and the manner in
which the votes shall be given; and we are not at
liberty to say that a vote shall be counted as a
lefal vote which has not been given at the time, at
the place, and in the manner prescribed by the
State. In the progress of this investigation, then,
we are to look at what the Slate of Iowa has done,
at the prescription she has made in regard to the
time, place and manner of holding the election.
And permit me to say, at the outset, that we are^
not to look at what may have been the intention of
any portion of the electors. Considerations of that
kind cannot govern us. We are to ascertain what
the Legislature of the State has prescribed, and to
that we are bound to adhere. Why, sir, it it
were not so, what would your constitutional pro-^
vision m leference to this subject be worth? If
this body is at liberty to say that a vote may be
given at a place other than that prescribed by the
State, I ask you, is it not annulling, rendering in-
- ** operative and void the express provision of the
Constitution of the United States, which declares
that the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives shall be
prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof?
Suppose a voter should mistake the day of elec-
tion, and offer his vote on the wrong day; it might
be an honest and unintentional mistake, but could
his vote be counted without a disregard of the
constitutional .right of Iowa to prescribe the time
when the votes shall be given ?
" Again: a State having the right to prescribe the
manner in which the votes shall be given, declares
that it shall be by ballot. An elector goes to the
polls, and instead of depositing his ballot, declares
orally for which candidate he wishes to vote;
can the vote be received ? The power to prescribe
the manner in which the votes shall be given be-
ing in the State, this body is precluded from
counting such votes as are not given in the man-
ner presciibed by the State; and so it is precisely in
regard to the place of holding the elections; this
body has no right to count a vole that has been
given at the wrong place. We have, then, to
throw out of the consideration entirely every
question as to intention, whether the voter whose
vote is claimed to be counted supposed that he
was voting correctly, and according to taw, or
whether he did not.
Having made these few preliminary observa-
tions—having said that the only question for
them to decide on, which of these two candidates,
Mr. Thompson or Mr. Miller has received the
greater number of legal votes polled at the time, at
the place, and in the manner prescnbed by the
laws of Iowa, he would proceed now to examine,
for a moment, the testimony that was applicable
to the case.
There were seven questions, he said, which
had been submitted to the Committee on Elections,
and upon only four of them was there any serious
difference of opinion among the members of the
committee. It might be proper for him, however,
as he designed to confine himself to the facts and
the law ot the case, to refer to each one of the
seven questions which were presented for their
consideration.
In the first place, it was claimed that the White
Oak county vote should be lejected, on the ground
that the judges of election had not been sworn.
This was a matter which did not pertain to the
manner of voting, but which had relation merely
to the manner of counting the votes. It was per-
fectly within the power of the House to waive any
informality in regard to the return of the votes,
although it was not in their power to do so in re-
gard to the manner of voting, without an infringe-
ment of the constitutional right of the Slate of
Iowa. The judges of election m that county were
not, in point'of fact, sworn; and this was the only
difficulty. They had returned the number of votes
that were given and for whom they were given;
but they had not made the return under oath.
This, he contended, was a matter which it was per-
fectly competent for tins body to weigh and deter-
mine at their discretion, because it was not among
the reserved rights of the State, and the practice
of this House had always been to count such votes
where it appeared that the officershad actually been
sworn, although there was no certificate that they
had been sworn. The votes of this county were,
however, rejected by the committee. In regard to
Wells county, he observed that the minority in
their report claimed considerable credit for allow-
ing the vote of that county, although an objection
existed on the ground of informality. Respecting
the vote of the county of Chariton, the same might
be said, The fourth point that was raised in the
case was, that seven votes given in Marion coun-
ty were given for Daniel Miller, instead ot Daniel
F. Miller. In regard to the propriety of admitting
them, however, there was no difference of opinion.
There was sufficient to designate for whom the
votes were cast. And it was a well-settled prin- i
ciple of law that the middle letter was no part of
a man's name, in a court of law he might be
sued as Daniel Miller.
Three questions then remained for the commit-
tee to determine—and they were questions upon
which the decision of this case must rest. The
first was upon an allegation by the contestant,
that the votes given in Kanesville must be deemed
a3 part of the votes of Monroe county. Now
these were the facta that were shown, and they
were not denied: Kanesvilie was no part of
Monroe county proper; it was from one hundred
and twenty-five to one hundred and fifty miles
from any part of Monroe county. As the eastern
portion of the State had been first settled, it had
been the practice to attach to the organized coun-
ties the few scattering inhabitants residing qn
lands lying west of such counties for election,
revenue, and judicial purposes. Monroe county
was one of the border counties, and by act of the
Legislature the country lying west of it was at-
tached to that county for the purposes he had men-
tioned. But Kanesville, the place where the ma-
jority of the voters lived, was not west of Monroa
county, and wasnexer attached to it for any pur-
pose whatever; yet it was claimed that these votes
should be counted as a part of the votes of Mon-
roe county. Mr. S. referred to and read from the
testimony taken by the committee, to show that
Kanesville did not constitute a pait of Monroe
county, but that if it belonged to any, it belonged
to Mahaska county, and contended that these
voters ought to have voted in some piecinct of the
latter county. It being established beyond a doubt
that Kanesville, and the country where these voters
lived, had never been attached to Monroe county,
be asked how it could be claimed that these votes
should be counted as part of the votes of Monroe
county ? The constitution of Iowa required that
the votes should be counted only in the county in
which the votefs resided. These votes therefore,
could not be counted with those of Monroe county.
He contended fur her, that the judges of election
at Kanesville were not appointed by legal author-
ity, and that the election was held at that place
without authority, and being without authority,
the commissioners had no power to administer
oaths to the judges of election; that the oaths'thus
administered were extra-judicial, and that perjury
could not be assigned upon therm The election,
then, was not held in the manner prescribed by the
State; and unless the constitutional provision upon
this point were to be disregarded these votes mu3t
be rejected. a
He was aware that he should'not be able, in the
course of the time allotted to him, to discuss these
various questions as fully as he would be glad to
do; he would pass, therefore, from this question,
about which he thought the House could scarcely
entertain a doubt, viz., that those persons living at
Kanesville lad no right to vote m Monroe county
or to have their votes counted with those of Mon-
roe county at all, inasmuch as they had never
been attached to that county. It was perfectly
immaterial whether these voters supposed they
had a right to vote in Monroe county or not; the
law required that they should vote in the county
m which they resided, or to which they were at-
tached. Their right to vote was governed by act-
ual residence, and not by what their supposition
might be. But it was said that these persons all
resided within the congressional district, and that
it was unimportant therefore m what county their
votes were counted. This amounted to the very
thing against which he was contending. It was an
assertion of the power of this House to disregard
entirely a constitutional restriction. They could
not come to such conclusion without denying vir-
tually to the State of Iowa the power which the
Constitution conferred upon her, to fix the place at
which the votes .should be given. A man who
resided at A could not go and vote at B, although
it might be within the same congressional district,
because it was under a constitutional privilege that
he voted at all, and it was important that the provis-
ions of State authouty should, in such cases, Le
carefully observed, for they were the best preserv-
atives against frauds. If a man had a right lo
vote, his right was known at the place where he
resided, but if he might go abroad and vote else-
where, and among strangers, there would be no
meaus of detecting illegal votes—of discovering
whether a mail had voted two or three times at
the same election, or whether he had voted but
once.
But he did not rest his argument upon consider-
ations of policy. He maintained ifiat no man had
a right to vote at any other place than in the coun-
ty in which he resided at the time of the election;
and if so, then clearly they could have no right to
count his vote anywhere else, no matter whether
he voted under a mistake, or whether he voted in
the same congressional district or not.
Again: it was argued that this House ought to
count those votes, notwithstanding .the positive
