1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
that referred to in the message. But who are the
people entitled so to decide, as well as the time and
manner of admission and boundary of new States,
are in themselves questions' for the judgment of
Congress under all the circumstances of each case.
The territory of Louisiana, our first foreign acquisi-
tion, was retained nearly ten years in that condition
before she was allowed toform a State constitution.
In the case of Texas—her people being composed
almost entirely of citizens of the United States, and
having had a State government of theip own for
ten years—she was admitted at once as a State into
the Union. In the present case, there are consid-
erations of the greatest importance connected directs
ly and indirectly with our action on this subject.
While adverting to them as fully as the time lim-
ited by our rules will admit, I ask the attention of
the House. '
With reference to this matter, I was placed at a
disadvantage before the country by a publication
made some time since. It is generally known that
there was on the Saturday evening before the time
for the assembling of the House, a preliminary
meeting or caucus of the Whig members. The
proceedings of such meetings have usually been
kept private. Contrary, however, to the former
usage in this respect, some individual present fur-
nished to one of the New York papers what pur-
ported to be a report of the proceedings. This re-
port being in some respects authentic, was copied
into other papers. The writer gave very fully the
speeches of those persons whose views coincided
with his own; but, though he made a reference to
my posi ion, he did not think proper to set out
what 1 did say so as to make that position at all
understood. It will be remembered by those
present on that occasion, that, at the very outset
of my remarks, I stated that I had that morning
had a very full and free conference with the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who had
moved the resolution; that there was, in relation
to the whole subject embraced in it, as well as jj
with reference to ihe mode of action proper to be r,
adopted by the South, an entire agreement between I:
that gentleman and myself. In fact, that there i;
was not, as far as I knew, any difference of opin- i
ion between us, except as to the expediency ot !
making the issue at that time, and that 1 thought ,
it preferable to await legislative action and stand j
on the defensive purely. This, among other rea- j
eons then given, induced me to request the with- ,
drawal of the resolution. It is proper that 1 ?hould j
say that, in my interview that morning with the j
gentleman from Georgia, and with his colleague, ,
[Mr. Stephens,] I gave my reasons at length,
founded chiefly on my recent observation of the
state of public sentiment in the North, we believing
that a collision was inevitable, and that the sooner
it came on the better for all parties; but that to en-
able us to make our demonstration in the most im-
posing and successful mode, it would be 'better to
await the organization of the House. I expressed
the fear that if we moved without the concurrence
at the outset of a majority of the southern mem-
bers, we might place ourselves at a disadvantage
before the public, and prevent our .uniting the
whole South in such a course of action as it might
be found expedient to adopt.
Looking over the whole ground, however, lam
not at all dissatisfied with the course which thllVs
took There has been no such division at the
South as would be at all likeljfcto impair efficient
action hereafter. From the tone of the southern
press, as well as from other indications, it is ob-
vious that the South will, at an early day, be^suf-
ficiently united to insure the success of whatevei
measures it may be necessary to adopt to Prote"°^"
selves from the aggression menaced by theNoith.
As to the election of a Speaker, m the present con-
dition of the House and the country, I have never
considered it of the slightest moment'o either p^-
lineal party, or to either section of the Union.
Speaker without a majority of the Howe would
be of no advantage to the Administration, nor
could any mere arrangement of committees mate
riallv affect now the action on the slave question.
Those Mr. Chairman, who have observed my
course heretofore, know' well that I have not
sought to produce agitation on this subject. Six
vears ago, when I first took a seat on'th.s flooi,
believing that the famous twenty-first rule had
been "often up merely as a fancy matter, which was
been t ji iwiiniimi hf.tween
^Lgc ,'of King irritation between
different sections, I both voted and spoke aga.nst
it, and was then regarded as responsible to a great
extent for its defeat. I then stated, during the
discussion, that if without cause we kept up a
•state of hostility between the North and the South,
until a practical question arose like that presented
when Missouri was admitted, (for I then saw the
Texas annexation in the future,) the " greatest
possible mischief might ensue." I went on also,
in the course of my argument, to say that slavery
could not be abolished in this District without a
dissolution of the Union. ~ Two years since, when
it had become certain that we were at the close of
the then existing war to obtain territory, I en-
deavored to place the question on grounds where
the North might meet us; conceding, for the sake
of argument, that the Government had complete
jurisdiction over the territory. I endeavored to
show, that while it might be justified in dividing
the territory, it could not exclude us from the whole
without a palpable violation of the Constitution.
1 am sorry to say, however, that my effort, though
well meant, did not produce the slightest effect upon
the action of any one gentleman of my own party
from the North. On this side of the House they
regularly voted that the North should have the
whole of the territory, and went against any com-
promise. I regret to be compelled to say, that in-
stead of showing themselves in any respect con-
servative, as I used to consider them, the northern
Whig members proved themselves, on tins the
great question, eminently destructive.
To those gentlemen from theNorth who aided us
I in an attempt to settle the question in some manner
! not disgraceful or destructive to us, I tender my
1 thanks. In standing by the rights of the South
I they have shown themselves friends of the Consti-
tution and of the Union.
Sir, the force and extent of the present anti-
slavery movement of the North is not understood
by the South. Until within the last few months I
had supposed that even if California and New
Mexico should come in as free States, the agitation
would subside so as to produce no further action.
A few months' travel in the interior of the North
has changed my opinion. Such is now the con-
dition of public sentiment there, that the making
of the Mexican territory all free, m any mode,
would be regarded as an and slavery triumph,and
would accelerate the general movement against us.
It lsnotdifficult to perceive how that state of public
sentimennt has been produced there. The old
abolition societies have done a good deal to poison
the popular mind- By circulating an immense
number of inflammatory pamphlets, filled with all
manner of falsehood and calumny against the
South, its institutions, and its men, because there
was no contradiction in that quarter, they had crea-
ted a high degree of prejudice against us. As soon
as it became probable that there would be an ac-
quisition of territory, the question at once became
a great practical one, and the politicians immedi-
ately took the matter in hand. With a view at
once of strengthening their position, they seized
upon all this matter which the abolition societies
(whose aid both parties courted in the struggle)
had furnished from time to time, and diffused and
strengthened it as much as possible, and thereby
created an immense amount of hostility to southein
institutions. Everything there contributes to this
movement; candidates are brought out by the cau-
cus system, and if they fail to take that sectional
ground which is deemed strongest there, they
are at once discarded. The mode of nomina-
ting candidates, as well as of conducting the
canvass, is destructive of anything like independ-
ence in the representative. They do not, as gen-
tlemen often do in the South and West, take
ground against the popular clamor, and sustain
themselves by direct appeals to the intelligence and
reason of their constituents. Almost the whole of
the northern press cooperated in the movement.
With the exception of the New York Herald,
(which, with its large circulation,published matter
on both sides,) and a few other liberal papers,
everything favorable to the South has been cate-
fully excluded from the northern papers. By these
combined efforts a degree of feeling and prejudice
has l een gotten up against the South, which is most
intense m all the interior.
1 was surprised last winter to hear a yortliern
Senator say, that in the town in which he lived it
would excite great astonishment if it were known
that a northern lady would, at thetime of the meet-
ing of the two Houses, walk up to the Capitol with
a southern Senator; that they had been taught to
consider southerners generally as being so coarse
and ruffianly in manner that a lady would not trust
herself in such a presence. This anecdote, sir,
does not present too strong a picture of the condi-
tion of sentiment in portions of the interior of the
northern country. How far gentlemen on. this
floor are to be influenced in their action by such a
state of opinion, I leave them to decide.
The great principle upon which the northern
movement rests, which is already adopted by
most northern politicians, and to which they all
seem likely to be driven by the force of the popu-
lar current there, if the question is unsettled till
the next Congressional election, is this; That the
Government of the United States must do nothing
to sanction slavery; that it must therefore exclude
it from the Territories; that it must abolish it in
the District of Columbia, forts, and arsenals, and
wherever it has jurisdiction. Some^ too, carrying
the principle to its extent, insist that the coasting
slave trade, and that between the States, should
also be abolished, and that slave labor should not
be tolerated in a public office of the United States,
such as custom-houses, past offices, and the like.
As these things all obviously rest on the same
general dogma, it is clear that the yielding of one or-
more points would not check, but would merely
accelerate, the general movement to the end of the
series. Before this end was reached, they woOld
probably append, as a corollary, the principle that
the President should not appoint a "slaveholder to
office. It is, sir, my deliberate judgment that, in
the present temper of the public mind at the North,
if the territorial question remains open till the
next election, few if any gentlemen will get here
from the free States that are not pledged to the full
j extent of the abolition platform. It is, therefore,
I obviously the interest of all of us to settle this
question at the present session.
That the general principle above stated is at
war with the whole spirit of the Constitution of
the United States, which sanctions slavery in sev-
eral of its provisions, 1 need not argue here.
Taking, however, a practical view of the matter
in controversy, look for a moment at the territo-
rial question, the great issue in the struggle. I
will do northern gentlemen on this floor the jus-
tice to admit that they have argued themselves
into the belief that they are right in claiming the
whole of the territory for free soil. Let me state,
for a moment, the converse, or opposite of their
proposition. Suppose it were to be claimed that no
one should be allowed to go jnto tbis public terri-
tory, unless he carried one or more slaves with him,
it might then he said, just as gentlemen now tell us,
that jt would be perfectly fair, because it placed
every man who might be inclined to go there on an
equal footing, and might by means of having thus
a homogeneous population, advance the geneml
interest. Northern men would at once, I suppose,
object to this arrangement. Then we should say
to them, if you do not like this restriction, let it be
settled, then, that every citizen oftheUnited States
may go into the common territory and carry slaves
or not, just as he pleases. This would seem to
be a perfectly equitable and fair arrangement.
Northern men, however, object to this, and say
that they are not willing to live in a territory
where others own slaves. Then we of the South
say to them, that we will consent to divide the ter-
ritory, and limit our possession with slaves to a
part of it, and allow them to go at will over the
i whole. Even to this they object, and insist that
they will not allow us to occupy one foot of
the territory. Remember, sir, that this very ter-
ritory was acquired by conquest, and that while
the South, according to its population, would have
been required to furnish only one-third of the
troops, it in point of fact did furnish two-th.rds
of the men that made the conquest. And the
North, deficient as it was comparatively m
struggle, now says that its conscience, or its cu-
niduy, will not permit us to have the smallest
portion of that territory. Why, sir, this is the
most impudent proposition that was ever main-
tained by any respectable body of men.
S?r I -ive the North full credit for its feelings
in favor' of liberty. I can well suppose that
northern gentlemen would resist, m the most em-
phatic manner, the attempt to make any man who
is now free a slave; but 1 regard them as too intel-
ligent to believe that humanity, either to the slave
or the master, requires that they should be pent
