1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that it shall for all such purposes be considered a
part of the county.
Mr. HOLMES here interposed a question, which
was not heard.
Mr. McDONALD (resuming) referred to a por-
tion of the remarks of the gentleman fro.m Ken-
tucky, on the subject of the course which the lines
run, which he thought very facetious. Because
the act of the Legislature of Iowa, dividing the
State into two congressional districts, added to the
second congressional district " all the country
north of a line from the northwest corner of the
county of Polk, running west to the Missouri
. river," he insisted that Boone could not be re-
garded as a portion of the first congressional dis-
trict. But if the gentleman found any looseness
in the latter part of this section, there could be no
doubt of the meaning of the constitutional pro-
vision, that " any country attached to any county
for judicial purposes shall, unless otherwise pro-
vided for, be considered >s forming a part of said
county," &c. For the purpose of holding elec-
tions, it is necessary that there should have been
some provision made for the citizens of B&one to
return their votes for Congress elsewhere, if it was
not to be considered as attached to the county; and
it was not pretended that any other place had been
appointed for the county of Boone. The law had
not provided any separate precinct, and they were
to be regarded as part of the county of Polk,
" until otherwise provided for."
This was the first point made by the minority
of the committee in their report, and, to his mind,
nothing could be moreclearand conclusive against
it than the constitutional and legislative provisions
of the State. The gentleman from Kentucky
had indulged in some facetious remarks to the
chaiiman of the committee, charging him with
speaking like a lawyer. Now, in ins opinion, it
was much better that this question should be dis-
cussed in the spirit of a lawyer, than in that of a
politician. While we stick to the law and the
testimony, we shall most probably go right; but
if we are to suffer ourselves to be influenced by
political considerations, it was impossible to see
whither they may not lead us.
The second proposition, which had led to a di-
versity of opinion in the committee, wa3 in refer-
ence to the votes in Dallas county. The testimony
proved that there were fifty-two persons who went
to the polls at Dallas county, and voted there,
wh'o, it is contended, were not legal voters, be-
cause they lived south of the southerly line of
Dallas county. And the committee with great
unanimity adopted the following resolution, which
is imbodied in the minority report:
"Resolved, That the votes cast in the county of Dallas, by
persons proved to have been residing, at the time, south of
the southerly line of Dallas, be rejected and disallowed."
The position laid down in this resolution is un-
doubtedly correct, and cannot be successfully con-
troverted .
Mr. VAN DYKE asked how the gentleman
could show that the rejection of these votes was
the act of the minority ?
Mr. McDONALD said he would reply to that.
The question was taken m the committee on re-
jecting these votes, and was decided in the affirm-
ative—ayes^ 7, noes 2—the affirmatives being
Messrs. STW- Harris, I. G. Harris, Disney,
Van Dyke, Ashe, and Strong; the negatives
Messrs. McGaughey and Andrews. Thus the
committee had almost unanimously decided that
persons living west of Dallas county, if they re-
sided south of the southerly line of the county,
had no right to vote at a precinct in said county;
and that all such votes so cast should be rejected.
Mr. VAN DYKE reminded the gentleman that
there was not one of the resolutions submitted in
the report which was not adopted by a majority
of the Members of the committee. There was no
vote of the minority.
Mr. McDONALD insisted that the minority
had plated a resolution at the end of their report
that the votes given in Dallas county by persons
residing south of the southerly line of the county
should be rejected. It had been shown, that by
the laws of'the State, all territory lying west of
the county was attached to the county for revenue,
judicial and election purposes. These gentlemen
who prepared the report of the minority have de-
cided correctly that persons living south of the
southerly line of Dallas and coming there to vote,
must be rejected. If this proposition be correct—
and I'maintain it is—if these persons are to be
rejected because they resided south of a certain
line—how is it that the committee have come to
the conclusion that the votes of persons coming
from beyond the northern li e of Monroe county,
and given atKanesville, shall be admitted asapart
of the Monroe county votef If the principle be
good as relates to Dallas county, it is equally good
as relates to Monroe. If the people of Kanesville
had a right to vote in Monroe county, the people
south of Dallas had a right to vote in Dallas.
The people of Kanesville ought to be excluded as
much as those of Dallas.
The report of the minority says that " although
there was at the time no governmental line run
between the county of Monroe and the country
lying north of it, yet there was an understood
line, a claimed line, an admitted line." Now, he
had tried to find out where this understood line,
this imaginary line could be traced, but he had
come to the conclusion that it existed nowhere
but in the bpuns of the gentlemen who prepared
this report.
The fact appears to be, that a number of Mor-
mons came and settled at Kanesville, and held no
intercourse with the other citizens of the State.
About the month of June or July, 1848, one Wil-
liam Picket came there. He was originally from
Illinois. From Kanesville he started to the east-
ern tier of counties to effect an organization of
this Mormon precinct, and the next we hear of
him is at the house of oneTownsend, and consult-
ing with him about the organization of an election
precinct at Kanesville. Here is the evidence,
which every member can read. It seems that
there was no tfther person who knew anything
about the location of Kanesville. Orson Hyde,
when asked if Kanesville was not understood to
be west of Monroe county, replied, " that he did
not hear much said about it." "When the com
missioners of Monroe county asked Picket where
he wanted the precinct, he said at Kanesville,
which he believed was due west from Monroe
county.
He proceeded to reply to the argument of the
minority, m their report, that the sitting member
was estopped from resisting the admission of the
votes given at Kanesville, because everything was
fairly conducted, and the poll-book was kept
with more tlian usual care and regularity. He
contended that the people of Kanesville had no right
to the exercise of the franchise, inasmuch as they
were mere wanderers, in search of a home. The
testimony of Orson Hyde proved, that they only
looked on Kanesville as a stopping-place, on their
journey to the Valley of the Salt Lake, which was
their ultimate destination. The Mormonsdidnot re-
gard Kanesville as their permanent location. They
had determined to make their home on the Salt Lake.
They were collected, as the testimony proves, from
all parts of the United States, and from the differ-
ent quarters of the world. A large portion went
from the State of Missouri. They held no inter-
course with the citizens of Monroe county. Driven
away from Illinois, they seemed to have been
all at once impressed with a sense of the value of
the elective franchise. This Picket met Orson
Hyde on the plains, while on his way to his po-
litical mission. That mission (Mr. McD. said)
was, to organize a Whig precinct at Kanesville—
intimating that he had been led to do this in con-
sequence of an arrangement made between him
and Mr. Fitz Henry Warren, who was chairman
of the State executive committee. He alleged,
that accordingto report, Mr. Warren had advanced
Picket $2,000, to promote the object of his mis-
sion; although, from a letter published with the
testimony, Mr. Warren makes it appear that the I
whole amount furnished him was $140. Thus, so J
far from this being an organization, made by the j
political friends of the sitting member, it was one I
gotten up under the management of Fits Henry |
Warren, and paid for out oi the funds of the Whig j
central committee of Iowa. But the evidence does
not end here. Orson Hyde, presiding elder of the
Mormon church, at Kanesville, according to his
own testimony, wrote an epistle to the Kanesville
! church, and sent it by the hand of Fnz Henr'y
|| Warren, urging the Mormons to vote the Whig
|i ticket. And Mr. Warren wrote a "friendly letter
I'i of introduction," in behalf of Hyde, to Mr. Tru-
ll man Smith, Senator fof the United States. Thus
1 armed, they each started on their respective jour-
1! neys: Mr. Warren to Kanesville, and Hyde to the
Federal city—the one in search of votes, the other
in search of a printing office; and both, it seems
from the testimony before us, were successful.
Hyde is not certain that his letter to Trumart
Smith was of any service to him; but if Mr. War-
ren was examined, I doubt whether he could say
as much, in reference to the letter from Hyde to
the church. So much for that part of the minority
report that claims that all was fair in the organiza-
tion and subsequent election at Kanesville, and for
the insinuation that the friends of the sitting mem-
ber had produced it.
But Mr. McD. contended that these Mormons
were not citizens of the State of Iowa, within the
meaning of her constitution and laws, and he
expressed his determination not to vote for an
extension of the elective franchise to such wan-
derers as these. He regarded the law as only
conferring the right on those who had not merely
a domicil, but a residence and interest in the coun-
try. If a citizen of the United States goes abroad,
and chooses to wander through foreign, countries,
when he returns home he is not treated as an alien,
but resumes the rights he had temporarily laid
down. But if an alien comes here to settle, and
does not become a citizen of the United States in
due form of law, he is not entitled to participate in
the franchise which belongs to a citizen. How,
then, shall it be argued that we ought to allow
these wandering Mormons—collected from all
countries, and fixed to no particular spot—to vote
at the polls? Does their case present itself to us
in so strong an aspect as to induce us to trample
on the laws of the State of Iowa, for the purpose
of admitting them to vote?
He then proceeded to notice the last part of the
minority report; and here he was surprised at the
nature and character of the allegations and asser-
tions. It is the peculiar province of a report to
place before the House facts as they exist, without
any attempt to garble and conceal anything that it
is material for the House to know; and yet in the
concluding part of this minority report we find a
total departure from every principle of fairness,
with the view of including in the count as many
of the Mormon voteis as went from the south-
west of Dallas county into that county and voted
as possible. The minority report makes this
singular and unwarrantable statement—" Now if
Marion county be twenty miles wide from north to
south, then these voters resided in fact in Dallas,"
and that, too, when the gentleman who drafted it
had before him positive proof that Marion county
was just twenty-four miles wide from north to
south', as designated by congressional townships,
being just four townships in width, each of which,
as every man of ordinary information knows, is
juSt six miles in extent. But the framer of this
report, in the face of this evidence is willing, on his
own responsibility, to clip four miles off one side
of an organized county in order to make it appear
that certain admitted illegal votes were legal. But
this is not all: he proceeds to say in this report,
" that if Kanesville has been properly located by
the sitting member, and if Monroe be more than
twenty miles wide, of which we have no certain
evidence, then these votes are brought so near the
line as to render it impossible to determine that
they lived south of the line." Here again, the
framer of this report undertakes to slur over the
evidence, for the purpose of creating a false impres-
sion as to the extent of Monroe county; he says,
l( i/ Monroe county be more thao twenty miles
wide, of which we have no certain evidence,"—
then why assert hypothetically that it is, if there is
no evidence of it ? But there is evidence, not that
Monroe county is more than twenty miles wide,
but that it is only eighteen wide, no more and no
less, being three congressional townships in ex-
tent; and the framer of this report had the evidence
before him, if he had chosen to examine it; but
for party purposes and to include votes that he
admitted to be illegal, he makes a difference of four
miles in one county, and two in another. _ What
confidence is to be placed in a report that discloses
such a total disregard of the evidence, and such an
evident design to warp the testimony to accom-
plish party purposes ? It is altogether unworthy
of respect, and its conclusions are not deserving of
any confidence.
He would not detain the House longer. He
reiterated, in conclusion, that if the persons resi-
ding south of Dallas county were not entitled to
vote, then those residing north of Monroe county
