ESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSIONS
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 29, 1850.
New Series No. 82*
thonty, to settle by the sword the delicate bound-
ary question now under consideration in this and
the other House of Congress. Some one has been
guilty of a most flagrant and outrageous act of
usurpation, involving1 considerations of momentous
interest, and it is important to us and to the coun-
try that the actual parties to this high misdemeanor
should be discovered and exposed, in order that
the highest punishment which our institutions ad-
mit may be visited upon those who may be shown
to have dared thus to transcend and violate the
Constitution..
Under these circumstances, I say ajjain, in con-
clusion, that I hope Senators will make no objec-
tion to the adoption of this reso'ution, making, as
it does, no assault upon any one in particular; and
that they will unite with me in according the ear-
liest opportunity to the President and his Cabinet
advisers to acquit themselves, as I trust they will
do, from all improper conduct in reference to this
matter. It is simply a resolution of inquiry, call-
ing for information which* for various reasons
connected with the deliberations of this body at
the present time, in my judgment, every facility
should be afforded us in obtaining.
Severn] Senators. Let it*lie over.
Mrv FOOTE. It is a mere resolution of inquiry;
and if the advocates of the Administration object
to it, very well.
Mr. W EBSTER. I object to this subject being
introduced without a full undeistanding of it,
when other important subjects are pending.
Mr. FOOTE. It is only a resolution of inquiry.
Objection being thus made, the resolution there-
fore lies over under the rule.
TRIAL OF ISSUES IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, took up for considera-
tion Senate bill No. 32, being " a bill to regulate
appeals from the trials of issues in the District of
Columbia."
Mr. BUTLER. The question is on the amend-
ment recommended by the committee to strike out
from the bill those words which would give the
law a retrospective effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that there is an amendment to the amend-
ment, which is to strike out the words " have
arisen."
Mi. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to a single fact. When this case was in
the Supreme Court, upon a bill of exceptions
taken from the decree of the orphans'court, and
dismissed for want of jurisdiction, the Chief Jus-
tice, in delivering his opinion in this case, which
I suppose this bill looks to, referr^J with appro-
bation, twice, in about two pages, to theact of the
Legislature of-Maryland, which was pass.ed to
remedy exactly the defect which was found to exist
in the law m this case. He referred with approba-
tion to that feature of the law of Maryland which
made it apply to cases that had already risen, as
well as to those which might arise. The Chief
Justice said—
" fn 1832 an act was passed authorizing a writ of error in
such cases, and staying proceedings in the inferior courts
until a dcci^on wa* had uithe appellate court; and tins law
embraces cases which had been tried before its passage, as
well as tho e which should afterwards take place. But
fjom 1798 down to the passage of this act of Assembly, we
find no trace of a wut of error t-ued out in a case like this.
The absence of any such pioeeeding /or many yeais i.- the
strongest evidence of the construction put upon the Jaw,
and o( the opinion entertained by ihe bar of the State, that
the writ would not he. For min> issues front the orphans,
court miftt have been tried dunng that period of time, which
would have given rise to the writ of error, if it had been
supposed to be warranted by law."
Now, it seems to me that if the committee found
that it was just and right to make a general law
applicable to all cases, there was no eaithly reason
why this case should be excepted froni the opera-
tion of the general law which the exigencies of
the public require. I understand that it is the
unanimous opinion of the bar of this city that
public justice requires an act like this; because
they cannot get justice under the law as it now
stands. And if you are now to provide a remedy
for the future, why not remedy the past, if you can
82
without going in opposition to the Constitution ?
It seems tome that where justice requires such an
act as. this, the safest course foi Congress will be
to make it retroactive as well as prospective. I
think if there be an error, it will be in striking out
this retroactive clause. We cannot possibly com-
mit a fatal error by giving the bill this feature.
But I will not go into a discussion of the matter.
[ wish simply to say, that if a law for purposes of
justice requires this amendment, I cannot see why
it should not cover cases which have arisen as
well as those which may arise.
Mr. BUTLER. T hope, Mr. President, that
the vote will be taken upon this amendment.
This is now the third time this bill has been before
the Senate, and it has been postponed just as the
vote on the question was about-to be taken. The
bill provides, as the Senate has already learned,
for appeals from the orphans'court in cases that
are now pending or that may hereafter arise; but
the committee recommend the striking out of that
feature of it which would give it a retrospective
operation, and embrace all cases that have arisen
within the last five years. I stated before that, if
this kind of provision was passed into a law, there
are many instances in which vested rights would
have to be disturbed and judgments reversed. I
speak particularly in reference to the rase adverted
to by the Senator from New Hampshire. There
were in that case two issues—the first, marriage or
no marriage; the second, dtvisavil vel non, or will
or no will.
Mr. FOOTE. I am not disposed to interfere
with the course of remarks of the Senator from
South Carolina, but I rise to a point of orders
which is, whether in discussing this particular
amendment it is in order to discuss the merits of a
special or particular case?
the VICE PRESIDENT. It would not be
proper to discuss the merits of a particular case,
but it might be necessary to refer to certain facts
connected with it, for the purpose of illustration.
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend from Mississippi
had sat still, he would have seen in a moment that
I had no idea of going into the merits of that par-
ticular case. But X have a right to speak of the
judgment in any case, and of the points at issue
on which that judgment was given. As to the
facts of the case, 1 have no idea of going into
them; but the issues I must ailude to, or T cannot
speak of the judgment. I say, therefore, that upon
this case there were two issues upon which the
judgment turned; and it was decided by the or-
phans' court that there could be no administration
granted upon the ground that there was a mar-
riage, nor any on the ground that there was a
will. These were the issues decided, and under
that judgment there has been a partial partition of
the real estate which was litigated. Then, sir, £
regard that judgment as final, so far as regards the
rights of the parties—as final as any other judg-
ment could be in any other case. It is one of
those judgments which cannot be opened without
affecting the rights of third parties. Part of the
land has been sold, and part of it has been distrib-
uted to satisfy the demands of the creditors.
Then, sir, I contend that, so far as regards the
legislation of these States, there are but two in-
stances that I can refer to—one in Connecticut and
one in Maryland—in which a retrospective opera-
tion has been given to a bill nf this kind, to give
remedies where remedies did not exist befoie.
And, sir, the case alluded to as existing in Mary-
land does not at all reach the one now under con-
sideration; for there the question was, ''will or no
will," or whether the party had a right to make a
will; and it was before that question was decided
that the party, by the aid of his counsel, procured
an act of the Legislature to be passed, giving the
right to appeal fiom that issue. But here, sir, we
are asked to go back and give remedies in cases
which have been disposed of within the last five
years, and to unsettle rights which have been ac-
quired as perfectly as they could under any other
judgment. I object to the whole principle; it is
one that is unknown in-the general legislation of
fche States, and, if adopted here, I believe it would
be the first in the genera] legislation of Congress."
I have spoken of it as,a dangerousinnovation upon
the principles of our legislation/and I hope that
this amendment will be adhered to,-and that-the
bill will be confined only to cases that may here-
after arise. i have nothing whatever to do
the particular case named.
Mr. WALKER. I am surprised to hear the'
Senator from South Carolina repeat his doctrine
about vested rights. I will repeat but a few obser-
vations which I made on a former occasion, with
regard to the case to which he says it has particu-
lar allusion. The case is like this: An individual
died, and application for letters of administration
was made by a relative, a brother of the deceased.
Pending that application, or after letters were
granted, (I believe it was pending that applica-
tion,) another individual comes forward and "claims
to be the wife of the deceased, and makes applica-"
tion for letters of administration. Her right to
administer was contested; and in the investigation
of the matter in the orphans' court, an issue-was'
made up whether there was or was not a marriage,'
and sent to the circuit court. In the trial of fthat
issue, I believe it was alleged that errors, of the
most manifest kind had been committed; and, un-
der that trial, which occupied six weeks in at-
tempts to prove the issue, there was no marriage
found. Letters of administration were conse-
quently granted to the first applicant; he has gone
on and administered partly on the estate. NoMj-
I will ask the Senator from South Carolina, as*
lawyer, who was once a most eminent judge, if
he can point out a case either in England or Amer-
ica, where the acts of the administrator have been
deemed invalid when the letters have been re-
voked ? Can he point me to a single case where
the administration pro tanto has not been sus-
tained ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly not.
Mr. WALKER. Then the administration, to
the extent that it has gone, will be good; and let-
ters dt bonis non can be granted. As far as it has
been made it will be valid. It does not vest by
the act of the administrator, but the proper heirs,
independent of the widow*s dower, will remain
under the order of the probate court. Scfrf con-
tend there are no vested rights in this matter; and
if is astonishing that such a bugbear should be
introduced here, when the Senator admits that the
right vested under the first administrator will not
be valid.
Again, the people, the lawyers, and everybody
else—"all the world and the rest of mankind"—
here, are clamoring for a reform of the judiciary,
and it cannot be obtained. And when they ask
them for incidental relief, under the existing judi-
ciary, they cannot get it. The right to a change
of venue is by some contested;, and the right of
appeal is contested, particularly in those cases
having a retroactive effect, and where it is shown
that any vested rights will be affected. I wish to
to see the people of the District enjoy the rights
which belong to them under the law. I hope the
question will be taken, and that the bill may be
passed without the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment; and a division being called for, there were
for the amendment 27; against it 12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on J.he motion to add
the following additional sections:
Sec. 6 *.%ru1 be it further enacted. That the benefit of this
act be, and the same is hereby extended to all cases in
which bills of exception may have been, or may heieafter
be filed, ,md in which the verdict on the trial of an i<sue
from the orphan*' court has been or may be certified by or-
dijr of said circuit court, oi one of the judges thereof: Pro-
vided, however, That the wur of enor thereon hliall he sued
out within five years fiom the certificate of said verdict.
Sec. 7. xtind be it further cnaUerf, That in ca^e the Su-
pieme Court of the United States shall, under the proWs- .
ions ot this act, reverse the rulings of said circuit cou-t, and^
award a new trial of any issue heretofore certified upon
verdict, it shall and maj be lawful for the orphans* court,
at any time hereafter, upon remvinp a full transcript oflfre.
whole proceedings in said circuit court, touchingsaid fesflfrT
a. d for the purpose of giving: effect to any subsequent ver-
dict which may be certified to said orphans' court, t& strike
out any judgment or order heretofore passed in said court,
and to make all necessary and proper entries to reinstate Ute
