1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
There is no one who will undertake to assert,
that under this office of negotiator, the United
States could so negotiate the question as to acquire
the subject matter for herself, in opposition to tile
claim which she had undertaken to treat for or
settle in this trust capacity. Neither as agent, or
judge, of the- rights of Texas, could the United
States acquire any right under this authority, and
set it up against the State of Texas, unless it be
gravely asserted that the attorney may appropriate
to himself the land, the title to which he has un-
dertaken to adjust for his client, or that the judge,
or arbitrator, may award the subject to himself.
Not only do the resolutions of annexation as-
sure to Texas the whole of that country east of
the Rio Grande, which was once in New Mexico,
but they give to the State three distinct guarantees
as to that portion of the country north of 36° 30'
entirely in the old State of New Mexico, and also
north of Santa Ffi: 1. That Texas shall have a
neht to form a new State out of this very terri-
tory north of 36° 30'. 2. That in any State cre-
ated entirely north of that line, slavery shall not
be tolerated. 3. And, as a necessary consequence,
if no State is formed out of that territory north of
the Missouri compromise line, then slavery exists
in the whole State by virtue of her existing law
at the time of annexation, as weil as by virtue of
its recognition in the resolutions of annexation.
The two Governments did not undertake to abol-
ish slavery in any portion of Texas by the reso-
lutions of annexation. It was an institution ex-
isting in the whole extent of Texas, and must So
continue to exist, unless abolished by the State
itself, or unless Texas shall consent to the forma-
tion,of anew State entirely north of 36° 30'. If
there is any portion of the new State south of that
line, Texas has a right to insist upon us coming
into the Union with slavery; and good faith to the
South requires that she shall insist upon the terms
of the compact. Sir, Texas will stand up to the
South, on the question of southern rights, as one
man. She will never consent, under the pretence
of settling her boundary that her rights as a south-
ern State, under the resolutions of annexation,
shall be impaired, by introducing within her limits
the principle of Free Soil where Slavery is guar-
antied to her by the compact.
Here, then, are distinct guarantees, resting on
solemn compact, positively asserted as rules of
action to obtain in New Mexico alone, as New
Mexico is now claimed by some politicians. Is it
not preposterous to deny to Te.xas that territory,
when the compact of annexation not only con-
cedes to her the civil jurisdiction and the right of
soil, but expressly prescribes the rule of domestic
policy which is to obtain in the State which she
is given ihe right to form out of the country
when, too, the southern boundary of the new State
is given with mathematical precision in the com-
pact, aud divides nearly centrally that portion of
New Mexico which, under the Mexican organiza-
tion, was east ofthe Rio Grande ? So far from the
United States having any faculty to acquire the
country in opposition to that State, Texas has a
right to insist, by virtue of the compact, winch is
of equal dignity with a treaty, that this Govern-
ment shall exercise its authority and power, not
only to secure the country to Texas, but to organ-
ize a State or States in it, in accordance with the
terms of the compact. It is utterly impossible to
form a State north of 36° 30', under the compact
without giving to Texas this portion of what was
once New Mexico, and equally impracticable to
divide Texas so as to form five States of convenient
size within her limits, as by herself defined. It is
not to be presumed that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States would so far stultify itself as to guar-
anty to Texas the right to form a new State upon
territory which belonged either to Mexico or the
Government of the United States. Bull go fur-
ther, and maintain that, if this territory had ac-
tually belonged to the United States at the time, it
would have passed to Texas by virtue of the reso-
lutions of annexation. The country andjurisdic-
tion thus guarantied to Texas were .i£ t of the
consideration of annexation to my bate.It was
one of the most material inducement* to the meas
ure and, as such, would have operated a transfer
of the country. U would have passed the fee, if
it had been in the Umted Stams at the time. And
who can doubt that it estops the United States
from setting up any pretence of a subsequently
wqutedcliSiJ From win* does the idea arise
that the United States could purchase a claim from
any government, and, least of all, of Mexico, and
set it up against the-State of Texas? Whatever
might be the condition of the question as between
Texas and Mexico, the United States has preclu-
ded herself from succeeding to the rights of Mexi-
co by the resolutions of annexation, as well as by
her whole political and governmental action on
the subject of Mexico and Texas.
Again: Texas having been admitted into the
Union with no other limit or condition in her
boundary than the right in the United States to set-
tle all questions of boundary with other Govern-
ments; and that authority being now at an end
by the treaty with Mexico, I deny the power of
this Goverment, under the Constitution, to exer-
cise any jurisdiction over the subject. Congress
has no power to unsettle the boundaries of a State.
This has been uniformly admitted in the practice
of the Government. In the case of Maine, the
Government asserted that it had no right to settle
the boundary of Maine on any Other basis than
that which she claimed, without her consent;?and
did not adjust it without the consent of both Maine
and Massachusetts. Even if there were any ques-
tion of boundary between Texas and the United
States, this Government could not settle it by its
own action. It could not be both party and judge,
and assume, of its own authority, to adjust the
matter without the consent of Texas. To attempt
it, would only be an application* of force, which
would inevitably lead to collision with the State
and its officers, and, in all human probability, to
violence and bloodshed. i
One of the primary and essential elements of a j
nation is its boundaries or limits. A State must
have identity, which is impossible without defined
limits.
The boundary of Texas was established by her
revolution. It was one of the trophies of San
Jacinto. It was identical with her independence,
and maintained by the force of arms. In the lan-
guage of Mr. Trist, in his correspondence with
the Mexican Government, " the revolution of Tex-
as obliterated the boundaries between the two
countries." He asserted upon this subject the
true principle of international law and the rights
of Texas. The position he then assumed , as the
justification of annexation and of the war, is bind-
ing upon the United States now; and she cannot
change it without disgiacing herself in the opinion
of the civilized world.
Mr. Trist, writing to the Mexican Commis-
sioners at Tacubaya, September 7, 1847, says:
lisbes'her extent by the very language of the joint
resolutions? I go further than this, and assert,
that as the limits of a nation are one of the most
essentia!
-• As defined find averted bv herself, the territory of Tews
extended to the Bio Bravo. Her nsrht to insist upon this
boundary was equally good, and identically the same, in all
re«ne ct«f as the right of Mexico lo fnsist upon any other line
of separation ; and this right, agreeably to a principle of in-
ternational law. too well established to admit of dispute or
doubt, existed independently of the que,tion as to what
miffllt or ni'mhl not have Veil the true limits of Texas
whilst constituting a part of the Mexican Republic.
Ag#in:
" Until ascertained bv a compact or agreement definitive
or provisional", between the United States and Mexico, the
boundary between the two republics, when considered by
the United States wuh reference to the national obligation
to nroteet their teriitory from invasion, could be none other
them that very boundary which had been asserted by Texas
herself."
One ofthe main grounds of the opposition of the
opponents of the Tyler treaty was, that to admit
Texas without defining her limits, was to admit
her with the boundaries as claimed by herself.
Colonel Benton, in his speech in the Senate, May
10, 1844, asserted:
"The Republic of Texas is ceded to lis by name: its |
boundaries fire not specified, nor was it necessary to specify |
them A State is a corporate bod\—a unit—one sinsle,
sole,'"embodied tltinfr—with a name to distinguish it. and by |
that name it acts and piloses, without further description or ,
definition. There was no necessity foi <m exhibition ol
metes and boundaries. The Republic of Texas acts bv us
name ai«j passes ilselfto us in the whole extent of all the
iimits'and boundaries which it asserts to be us own. '
In his remarks on the joint resolutions for the
annexation of Texas, February 5, 1845, Colonel
Benton declared, "In fact,when once admitted as
a State, she never can be reduced without her con-
sent. The Constitution forbids it." If it be true
that the admission of Texas by name, without fix-
ins any boundary, passed her into the Union with
the boundaries claimed by herself, can it be doubted
that this must be the result, when she is authorized
to subdivide herself into five States, one or more
of which is to be north of 36° 30', which estab-
esstrmrai elements of its existence, m nation
who acknowledged the independence of Texas
couid acquire the right of Mexico and subjugate
Texas under such a claim. Nor is there any dif-
ference in principle between a right to subjugate
and a right to dismember. Neither the one nor
the other could be effected by the United States
by purchasing in the pretension of Mexico. Such
an act would he inconsistent with the recognition
of the independence of Texas by this Government.
It is not in her power, under the law of nations, to-
purchase up the quarrel of that Government, either
in whole or in part, and subrogate herself to the
rights of Mexico. To admit such a pretension,
would be to assert that one nation had a right to
dismember another. For whatever might have
been the right of Mexico, her claim of boundary
could not pass to a nation recognizing the inde-
pendence of Texas with a boundary defined auhe
time, and inconsistent with the claim of Mexico.
That boundary was a part of her nationality, and
to attack it, is to attack her sovereignty inde-
pendence as a nation. So true is it that her re-
cognition among the family of nations was con-
sidered a recognition of her boundaries, that Engs,
tand in 1839, and in 1843, made a demand, that
Texas should put several British subjects in pos-
session of large grants of land west of the Nueces,
and on the Ilio Grande; to which the Government
of Texas responded, that her courts were open to
the prosecution of suits to settle the rights ot the
claimant who had thus applied.
This Government is estopped to deny the b« una-
i aiy of Texas by its assertion that Mexico had
| acknowledged the independence of Texas previous
i to annexation. My. Polk, in his annual message
' of December, 1845, asserts:
« Whilst the question of annexation wu pending before
the people of Texas, during the pa-t summer, the Govern-
ment of Mexico, bv a formal act, agrctd t<> recognize the
independence ot Texas, on condition that she would not
annex heiself to any other Power. The agreement to ac-
knowledge the independence of Texas, whether with or
without this condition, is conclusive against Mexico, rue
independence of Texas is a fact conceded by Mexico her-
self; and she had no right or authority to prescribe restric-
tions as to the form of government which Texas might aitcr-
i wards choose to adopt,"
j If it be true that this is to be held as an acknowl-
j edgment of the independence of Texas by Mex-
ico, inasmuch as no limits were defined, it must be
admitted an acknowledgment of the nationality of
Texas with the boundaries as by herself defined.
Nothing else was Texas in the sense of the revolu-
tion of 1836. .
The position of Mr. Pollt, that the condition
imposed by Mexico was of no validity > is certainly
correct. It is not in the power of one nattori to
regulate the internal government of another, and
say what shall or shall not be its forms. 1 here is
no better established principle of international law
than this. The condition was void because illegal,
and contrary to the law of nations. It would be
inconsistent with the sovereignty of a' nation to
prohibit it from adopting any particular form ot
government which her people might alterwards
choose to adopt. No such stipulation would lie
binding, because it is not in the power of the peo-
ple of this day to impose upon a country forms and
principles of government tvhich are to be unalteia-
ble throughout all time. Vattelsays:
<£ It is a manifest consequence of thr liberty and independ-
ence ot nations that all have a light to be governed as they
think pi«per, .old that none have the h>a-t authority to inter-
fere in the government ot another State."
The United States took possession of the whole
country in the name of Texas, it asserted the
Texas title on all occasions. Pending the nego-
I tiation for annexation on the loth June, 1845, pre-
I vious to the meeting of the Texas convention,
1 which acceded to the proposition of annexation,
the Secretary of War, by the directions of the
President, instructed Get?. Taylor, in anticipation
of an invasion of Texas by Mexico, to defend the
territory of Texas as far as the Rio Grande. He
! nointof your ultimate destinatton is the western
r .-i™ ,VrT«as where you will select and occupy, on or
' SE?Z Kio Sdt such a bite D, will con^t  ,«, Ibo
i health troop11, and will he best adapted to repel ,nva-
| s,on>and iiroiect what, in the event of annexation, will he
j our western border."
On the 30th of July, after the resolutions of an-
I nexation had be.en accepted by th« Texas conveti-
