THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 25, 1850.
New Series No. 14.
constructed acc-iriins, to the hest authorities. Revised edition.
Published at New York, in 1S47, Ity Dist&rnel.' Of which map
a copy is added to this treaty, bearing the signatures and
seals of the undersigned plenipotentiaries."
This map shows that the country east of the
Rio Grande was not in New Mexico, but in Texas,
at the date of the treaty. It is declared to be con-
structed according to the acts of the Mexican Con-
gress "and the best authorities." This revised
edition of the map being sealed and made a part of
treaty, is binding as well in its subdivisions as in
the special line mentioned. It is declared an au-
thentic map by the treaty. It is fair to piesume
that the Mexican Government intended to redeem
its faith pledged in the treaty by Santa Anna in
1836, and to close all controversy as we'll with
Texas as the United States. This conclusion is
strengthened by the address of the Mexican Com-
missioners, who signed the treaty, to their country-
men, who declare that, for twelve years, public
"events had tended to fix the Rio Grande as the
boundary between Texas and Mexico, and that it
had become impossible to change it. It is also
■well known that, for a series of years, Mexico, by
many acts, treated the Rio Grande as the boundary
between the two countries. And surely, when
the whole mstory of the subject is considered, the
United States must be held bound by the delinea-
tions of a map which, by solemn treaty, they de-
clare authentic. The map shows conclusively that
Mexico never attempted to convey any territory
east of the Rio Grande, for it places New Mexico
entirely on the west side of that river. It shows
what was formerly comprised within New Mexico,
under the Mexican organization, to be entirely in
the State of Texas, as delineated by the map. It
proves that Mexico did not assume to convey any-
thing east of the Rio Grande as a portion of New
Mexico.
Mr. HOWARD having concluded—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, obtained the floor,
and gave way to
Mr. McCLERNAND, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion being agreed to.
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose and inquired if it
would be in order to take from the table the mes-
sage of the President, in reference to California,
received yesterday, with a view to have it printed,
and referred to the Committee on Territories? If
so, he would make that motion.
The SPE AKEll said the message could be taken
up by unanimous consent. If no objection was
made, it would be brought before the House.
Mr. SEDDON inquired if the question was open
to debate.
The SPEAKER said: If the House, by unan-
imous consent, took up the message, in order to
make the disposition of it proposed by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. McCleunand,] it would
not be debatable. It' it were reached in the regu-
lar order of business, it would be debatable.
Mr. SEDDON objected, then, to its being taken
ud now.
And, on motion of Mr. VAN DYKE,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. dunham: The petition of Major Henry Pj Thorn-
ton and others, soldiers who served during the last war with
Great Britain, piavina the pas-ape of an act granting them
land and equalizing them with the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion and the Mexican war. .
Ry Mr. JHALLOWAT: The petition of Marinus M.
Peasle\, for a pension, &c. Referred to the Committee on
^ BO^UNDERHriiL- The Resolutions of the City Coun-
cil of New Yoi k upon the subject of a branch mint in tnat
eitv. Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Bv Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition ot Oba-
diali Sulwell, John K. bmder, and 46 others, citizens of
Bedford county, Pi-nnsjlvama, praying Congre-s to aholi.ft
the office of chaplain and retrain from all legislation on re-
ligious subjects, fieferred to the Committee on the Ju-
dlAhS' the petition of D- E. Marchand, James Shields, and
•?0 others citizens of Westmorland county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the enactment of a law for the benefit of the
14
surviving officers and soldiers of the late war with Great
Britain. Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
By Mr. MATTESON :The petition of Peter Bellinger, of
Oneida county, New York, for lehef. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims2.
AI«o, the petition of J. S. Thomas and 13 others, citizens
of Whitestown, New York, for ieduction of postage. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Poet Roads.
Also, the petition of Benjamin F. Brooks in behalf of
himself and heirs of Homer Hooker, deceased, for relief
for French spoliations prior to 1601. Referred to the~Coin-
miUee on the Judiciary.
Ai«n, the petition of the Oneida Fndians for relief. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also,,the petition of Joseph Meichaut, a revolutionary
pensioner, for an increase of pension. Referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY: The petition of J. I/. Myers,
and others, pravin? for ihe establishment of a post route
from McConnplhvilie toBelpre.Olno. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the p'efition of Wm. ICirkpatrick and others, pray-
in® for the establishment of a poit route from Zanfsville to
Wood^field, Ohio. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Umily Stone, widow of Dr. Benjamin
Stone, pravins for a peif^ion. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Morton Davis, of Jack-
sou county, Mtssouri, an invalid pensioner, praying that his
pension may commence from the tune he received the in-
jury. Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions
Also, the petition of Nicholas R. Smith, and R. J. McEl-
hany, sureties of Snmuel TT. Bunch, late Osage Vmb-asent,
foi relief. Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, the petition of J. L. Potter, and others, citizens of
O/iark county, Missouri, pragma for a post route fiom
Rnekhiid^e to Houston. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Samuel Green, and eishty-rune oth-
ers, citizens of Greene county, Missouii, ptnving for a Post
route from Springfield to Lebanon, the county seat of La-
clede county. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Pn«t Roads.
By Mr. McLANE: The memorials of Mary S. II. Rogers
and Hennetta Hoffman, praying indemnity for French spo-
liation's prior to 1800.
Also, the memorial of William Heiman, praying for an in-
valid pennon.
By Mr. PUTNAM : The petition of Aaron Van Cleve and
33 other*, inhabitants of the county of Genesee, New York,
prayinff that postage on letters not exceeding one half ounce
in weight he reduced to the uniform rate of two cents.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of 52 citizens of
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, deploring the manifold
evils of war, and believing it possible to Pupersede, in nio^t
cases, its alleged necessity by the timely adoption of wise
and feasible substitutes, requesting Congress to take such ac-
tion as thev mavdeem best in favor of stipulated arbitration,
or a Congress of nation*, for the accomplishment of this end.
Bv Mr. WILMOT: The petition of the heirs of Cupbtin
Bartlett Hind?, for commutation. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. PHCBNIX: The memorial of the Common Coun-
cil of the city of New York, in favor of establishing a Mint
in said city. „, . .. ,
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 40 citizens of Auburn,
New York, asking Congress to establish uniform rates of
postage on prepaid letters, at two cents per hfili'-ounce.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of R. P. HiHands and 55
other* citizens of Clarion countv, Pennsylvania, asking for
a modification of the tariff of 1846, and an increase of du-
ties upon ccrtain articles. Rcfeired to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 22, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented the proceedings of
the Corporation of the city of New York, in favor
of the establishment of a branch mint at that place;
which were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of the
executors of John Mason, asking compensation
for certain cannon manufactured for the naval
service*, which was referred to the Committee of
Claims. . .
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Sidney
S. Alcott, asking permission to corrpfit an error
in the entry of a quarter section of land; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
N. Lane, late a pension agent at Louisville, asking
to be allowed a credit in the settlement of his ac-
counts; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of Samuel M. Bootes, asking
compensation for his services as book-keeper in
the office of the Treasurer of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of Lemuel
Vinal and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; wljjch was referred to
the select committee.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Sarah
Nicholls, widow of a revolutionary soldier, asking
to be allowed a pension; which wag referred to
the Committee on Pensions. *
Also, a memorial from members of the bar in
the State of Massachusetts, asking that the salary
of the judge of the district court of the United -
States for the district of Massachusetts may be
increased. The memorial was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial from the executors of Wm.
Bartlett and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Caleb
D. O wings and others, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted documents re-
lating to the claim of William S. Waller to com-
pensation for services in selling and disposing of
Treasury notes for the" United States during1 the
last war with Great Britain; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of the
heirsof Jos. Moosley, askingindemnityforFrench
spoliations prior to 1800; which was referred to
the select committee.
Also, a memorial from citizens of North Haven
and Vma\, Haven,"in the State of Maine, asking
an appropriation for the improvement of the.nav-
igation of Fox Island thoroughfare, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. STURGEON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of the con-
struction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the
Pacific, on the plan of Asa Whitney; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Joshua
Follansbee and B. F. Isherwood, chief engineers
in the navy, representing that they have been de-
prived of their promotion and pay in consequence
of absence on foreign duty at the time they were
entitled to examination, and asking for the passage
of an act for their relief; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of mer-
chants and other citizens ofPennsyivania, asking
the construction of ice harbors in the Delaware;
frhich was referred to the- Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Delaware county,
Pennsylvania, asking the adoption of measures for
the amicable adjustment of international difficul-
ties; which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
the officers and seamen of the United States reve-
nue cutter service on the Boston station, praying
that the provisions of the naval pension laws might
be extended to the revenue cutter service; on pre-
senting which he made a brief explanation as fol-
lows :
The memorialists state that their employment m
the revenue service is of fi character which exposes
them to more hazards and casualties than any other
class of persons in the service of the United Stales;
that they are not only subjected to like duties as
officers of the navy, but, from being constantly on
active duty, and always in a state of preparation
for it, they are invariably set in an ad-
vance force m sudden emergency. And 'hey add
that, as «' they are at 'all seasons and on all occa-
sions not only liable to be called into active opeia-
tions, as naval officers are, but, m addition are
unceasingly in the performance of active and im-
nortant duties of a distinct character, there seems
K no P reason why they should not be ent-
iled to the benefits of the pension laws, in common
with naval officers. _ _ .
Accompanying the memorial is a memorandum,
signed by Captain Stursis, the commander of the
Hamilton, an officer of distinction, stating the ves-
sel relieved by the Hamilton, numbering one
