1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kanesville the Legislature of Iowa could not have
intended, nor could it be reasonable, to construe
the law with the same strictness with which it
■would be applied in an old settled county where
metes and bounds are fully established, especially
when by such technicality they would exclude a
large number of citizens from the privilege of the
elective franchise.
He maintained the validity of the law which
divided Polk county from Boone county, on the
ground that it was not a separation of a county;
and held, as a consequence, that the votes of Boone
township, Boone county, should be disallowed in
the canvass of Polk county.
Excluding the votes, then, of Boone township,
Boone county, from the official canvass, and add-
ing thereto those of Kanesville, White Oak, Char-
iton, and Wells, the result he arrived at exhibited
a majority for the contestant of 59 votes.
He alluded to the attack made yesterday by Mr.
McDonald upon Truman Smith and Fitz Henry
Warren, for their alleged interference in th.is elec-
tion, and read from the testimony, conclusively
showing, he contended, that there had been no
such interference on their part, but, on the other
side, that the Democrats had made free use of
money to affect the election. He also com-
mented with some severity upon the evidence, tra-
cing the course of the poll-book of Kanesville in
its rejection by the clerk of Monroe county, its
travels in the carpet-bag of Hall, the attorney of
the sitting member, and its remaining in the hands
of the sitting member, who, while it was in his
possession, was putting in the technical objection
to receiving the certified copy, that it was second-
ary evidence, while the primary evidence was
neither produced nor accounted for.
Mr. ASHE rose and made a few remarks, sta-
ting that the empty seats admonished him to take
up no more of the time of the House than would
suffice for him to explain, very briefly, the rea-
sons which had induced him to differ from his
colleagues in the majority on one very material
point,"while the subject was before the Committee
of Elections. He recapitulated the calculations
made by the committee in their report of the
relative votes of the two candidates, and add-
ing to these the changes made in committee—he
showed that the sitting member had still a small
majority.
The main ground on which the contestant rested
his effort to unseat the sitting member, was the
rejection of the Kanesville vote by the judges" of
election of Monroe county. In that precinct the
contestant (Mr. Miller) received 493, and Mr.
Thompson, the sitting member, received 30. The
merits of this question—the situation of Kanes-
ville, and the rights of the voters there,' to give
their votes as citizens of Monroe county, had been
discussed already, and at so much length as to
render it unnecessary for him to go over that
ground again.
He had voted in committee in favor of receiv-
ing the vote of Kanesville, and he would state the
reasons which influenced him so to vote. There
had been no proper survey made of this part of
the country. When the commissioners of Mon-
roe county established this precinct at Kanesville,
the people residing there knew nothing about the
line of Monroe county. It now appears that
Kanesville lies six miles north of that line. The
precisc position of that line, no one among those
employed in the common pursuits of life are likely
to know. The voters believed that Kanesville lay
due west of Monroe, and that they had a legal
right to give their votes as citizens of Monroe, and
as such, they voted. It was not until the commis-
sioners, appointed by the authorities some time
afterwards, commenced the surveys in the State,
that the error was discovered.
Mr. HOLMES was understood to ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, under whose author-
ity the present line had been run ?
Mr. ASHE replied that there was no legislative
authority for any line; but the people resident at
Kanesville believed that they were in Monroe
county, and voted under that belief; and he had
come to the conclusion that they voted legally.
It was no error of these voters, if Kanesville was
outside the line of Monroe, the mistake of ad-
mitting it into_ the county of Monroe was charge-
able only to tfie commissioners.
Again: if it was so that Kanesville was north
of the line, and that her citizens had no right to
vote in the county of Monroe, it happened that
many of these Kanesville voters Resided precisely
on the line. Now, who was there ready lo de-
cide that these persons should not vote in "Monroe
county ?
Again; there was evidence before the committee
that the people of Kanesville were taxed, and had
paid their taxes. They were brought thus under
the revenue operation, pnd as they were clearly
under that of the judicial power, >vould any one
come forward and say that they ought to be pre-
cluded from the use of their elective franchise ?
All which gentlemen had alleged against these
voters of Kanesville, amounts to this: that they are
Mormons, who had been expelled by force from
some of the States of the Union, and had been
compelled to earn their subsistence by cultivating
the land about Kanesville. They had chosen a
part of the county of Monroe for the establish-
ment of an election precinct, and considered them-
selves as citizens of the United States, entitled to
the privilege of voting at all elections. This pre-
cinct was originally settled by the friends of the
sitting member, and this is satisfactory evidence
that it was no fraudulent election. It was thought
by both parties there to have been fairly conducted,
and he submitted that the vote of this Kanesville
precinct ought to be received.
It had been stated, that some three years ago
the Legislature of the State of Iowa had passed a
law, by virtue of which the precinct system was
abolished, and townships were substituted. He
had looked into this law, but had not been able to
find anything in it which could in any way affect
the decision of this question.
He had thus given the reasons which had in-
duced him to vote as he had done in the commit-
tee on the question of receiving the Kanesville
votes. He did not regret that vote. He had
heard nothing which could make him desirous to I
change it. He had voted in a majority on this
question. The Kanesville votes were ordered to
be received, and it was now for the House to ap-
prove or disapprove this decision, and to deter-
mine whether the votes of the Kanesville precinct"j
were legal or not. It had been charged that the
Mormons were a wandering people, that they only
regarded Kanesville as a stopping place, and have
not perfected such a residence as the law requires
as a qualification for a voter. He would only re-
ply by stating, that the fact disclosed in the testi-
mony, that there were five hundred voters in
Kanesville did not sustain the idea that they were
a mere transitory population.
He then made a few remarks on the rejection of
the votes of Boone township, contending that, as
this township was compelled to bear the burden of
taxation, it ought to have been permitted to vote
at the election. He had voted against the rejection
of the votes of this township. He went into va- I
rious geographical details, which could not be
heard at the reporter's desk, and entreated the
House to decide the question fairly. He went
over the lists of votes, and after making such
changes as are. necessary to shape it to the resolu-
tions reported by the majority of the Committee
of Elections, he made it appear by the result that
the sitting member was elected by fc majority of
thirteen.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor, and yielded to |
a motion
That the House adjourn.
THE "FOURTH."
The SPEAKER, before putting the motion to
adjourn, by unanimous consent laid before the
House a communication from the Board of Mana-
gers of the Washington National Monument So-
ciety, inviting the House of Representatives to
attend a proposed celebration of the next anniver-
sary of National Independence at Monument
Place, in Washington city.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
by unanimous consent,
Ordered, That the House accept of the said invitation of
the Washington Monument Society.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary, for
the purpose of having put upon its passage at this
time, the joint resolution of the Senate to regulate
the payment of the dividends of interest on bounty
land scrip.
Objection was made
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &«.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. FKEEDLEY: The petition of 100 citizens, of
Sumneytnwn, Montgomery county, Fennsylvana, and its
vicinity, interested in the manufacture of gun and Wasting
powder in said vicinity, praying Congress so to amend the
revenue law of T846 that ihe material prosperity of the
country and the dignity of labor may be preserved and per-
petuated.
Also, liy the same, ]3 other petitions, signed by 56S citi-
zens ot' Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, of the same im-
port.
By Mr. S FT)DON: A memorial of many, physicians of
Richmond, Virginia, in behalf of the medical officers oflhe
navy of the United Slates.
By Mr. CALVIN: The petition of William Chusly, Sam-
uel Hatfield, and 78 others, citizens of Huntingdon county,
Pennsylvania, praying fur a modification of the tariff of
1846.
. IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 27, 1850.
Mr. UPHAM presented the memorial of the
heirs of Benjamin Marvin, asking compensation
for his serviees in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of the
professors in the Richmond Medical College and
physicians of Richmond, Virginia, asking that the
rank of the medical officers of the navy may be
assimilated by law to that of officers of like grade
in the medical department of the army; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition of citizens of
Florida, asking the establishment of a mail-route
from Homo'sassa to Long Pond; also, from Farm-
ing to Marion, in that State; which was referred*
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a document in relation to the'establishment
of a light-house at Cedar Keys, on the coast of
Florida; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted an additional
document in relation to the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives ofRinaldo Johnson;, which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. ATCHISON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to grant to the
State of Missouri the right of way and a portion
of the public lands for the purpose of aiding in
making a railroad from St. Louis to the western
limits of said State with an eastern extension to
Cincinnati and Louisville, through Illinois, Indi-
ana, and Ohio; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of prohibiting bylaw
any officer of the army from assuming or exercising, within
the lumts of the United States, any eivii power or authority
not conferred by an act of Congress, and of providing au
adequate punishment for such offences.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire and report to the Senate whether there
may not, without detriment to the public interest, be a pro-
spective diminution of the number of the commissioned
officers of the navy of the United States.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. FOOTE moved to take up the resolution
submitted by him yesterday, relating to the ap-
pointment of a civil or military governor of New
Mexico.
Mr. RUSK moved to amend the resolution by
adding the following:
" And that the President be requested to inform the Sen-
ate whether any civil or military government in the town
and county of Santa JF£,on the east bank of the Rio Grande,
exists or is continued hy the authority of the Executive,
in opposition to the jurisdiction claimed by the State of
Texas."
Mr. FOOTE accepted the amendment, and the
resolution, as modified, was adopted.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to consider bill No. 262, being the bill
supplementary to the act entitled "An act pro-
viding for the taking of the seventh census of the
United States, and to fix the number of the mem*
