THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
bers of the HousS of Representatives, and to pro-
vide for their future apportionment among the
several States."
There being no amendment offered thereto, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
rind was read a third time and passed.
• GRANT OF LANDS TO MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I now move, Mr.
President, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of Senate biil No. 16, being the bill grant-
ing to the State of Mississippi the right of way
and a donation of public land, for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad from Brandon
to the eastern border of said State, and in the di-
rection of Montgomery, Alabama.
The motion having been agreed to, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill was considered a few
days ago, and after I supposed all debate was con-
cluded, the further consideration of it was sus-
pended. I hope it will now be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to strike out the 3d section of the
bill.
Mr. CHASE. I moved to strike out that sec-
tion, believing that the bill would be improved by
adopting this amendment. Gentlemen who have
charge of this bill seem to think that the rejection
of this section w'ould prevent or delay the passage
of the bill in the House of Representatives. I
am clearly of a different opinion; but I do not
wish to embarrass the measure, and I desire sim-
ply that the vote may be taken on the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. If I understand the purport
of this amendment, it is to strike out that part of
the bill which goes to enhance the price of the sec-
tions of land reserved by the Government. Now,
sir, the principle on which these appropriations of
the public lands have been allowed is, that the
Government of the United Stales loses nothing by
it, and that it is not an appropriation for internal
improvements directly, nor even a donation. Now,
strike that principle from the bill, and what is the
principle on which the friends of this bill would
ground their request ? I appeal now particularly
to the Senator from Mississippi, to know if he
will consent to the abandonment of the principle
on which the mojoiity has acted, in order to se-
cure the passage of these bills ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator from
Georgia first, and then make a single remark on
the amendment itself. I do not believe that it
would be an abandonment of the principle which
the Senator fiom Georgia has stated, to strike out
this section. 1 am convinced that it would be a
great gain to the Federal Government either to
assign or to sell these lands. They have been
from twenty to thirty years in market. They
are unsaleable, partly from their poverty and partly
in consequence of their remoteness from a market
for their produce. Anything that will bring them
into market, and facilitate their sale, even if it
should not be for more than twelve and a half cents
per acre, would be a decided gam to the Govern-
ment, in enabling us to get rid of the maintenance
of various expensive land offices. Nay, I will
even go so far as to say that, m my opinion, the
Government would be a gamer to give the lands
away. However, I will not go into any demon-
stration of that, because, although 1 should prefer
that this section was not in the bill, it being an
amendment of the committee and not in the bill
which I presented to the Senate, yet, inasmuch as
all other bills for like puposes have contained this
provision, and inasmuch as the chairman the other
Uay intimated a general plan for the disposal of
these lands when this bill shall pass, and not be-
ing disposed to raise the particular question on
this bill, 1 prefer that the section should remain in
the bill, although it is against my own convictions
of propriety and the interest of the Government
itself.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out the third section, and it was not agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now moved
to stnke out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert what ha^ already been read to theSenate.
The motion was agreed to.
IVir. CHASE, i now move to amend the bill
by striking out in the second section and fifth line,
the word " six," and inserting " Ave." My ob-
ject is to make the bill conform to the other bills
which have been passed for the same purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The Chair would
inform the Senator from Ohio that it is now too
late. When the bill is reported to the Senate, he
can offer the amendment. The bill was then re-
ported to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
will be on coneurring in the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that he will accomplish his object by
moving to concur with the committee with the ex-
ception of that erasure; that is, by striking out
the word "six"and inserting " five" in the second
section and fifth line.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am very sorry
that amendment has been offered. I have agreed
to take the amendment of the committee, so as to
make the bill conform with all others for like pur-
poses. It now conforms to those bills, and if this
amendment is adopted it \Mill make it different.
Mr. CHASE. I am mistaken, or the other
bills were made to conform to the idea contained
in my amendment. If I am wrong, I will with-
draw the amendment. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands if the
appropriations hitherto have not granted five miles
instead of six.
Mr. FELCH. This bill, with the amendment
of the committee, conforms to the bills which
have been passed the present session. Some were
introduced with the words " five," and others
with the word "six," but those which have
passed correspond to this.
Mr. CHASE. If I am wrong, I will withdraw
my motion. 1 am led into the error, if any, by
the motion of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Whitcomb] to amend the Illinois bill. I think
he moved to amend that bill by striking out " six"
and inserting " five."
Mr. WHITCOMB. I mentioned that as an
objection to the Illinois bill; and 1 submitted to
the Senator from Illinois that he should consent
to the amendment, on the gronnd that all previous
legislation had granted five miles instead of six.
The elder Senator from Illinois remarked that he
had copied the bill from what he thought had
been the previous bills which had passed Con-
gress. He afterwards found, however, that he
was mistaken.
Mr. SMITH. I know that with regard to the
Indiana bill six miles were allowed, because my
attention was particularly called to the subject. I
suppose the same was the case with regard to the
Illinois bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I appealed to the Senator from
Illinois before I made my application to the Sena-
tor from Ohio to withdraw his amendment, and
he stated in the most distinct language that the
change was not made which the Senator from
Ohio thinks should be made.
Mr. SHIELDS. I stated at the time the Illi-
nois bill was before tis that 1 thought the Senator
from Indiana ought not to press his motion, and
the chano-e was not made. It remains six miles,
and not five,
Mr. CHASE. I regard it as a small matter,
whether it be five or "ten miles. We have adopted
the system of giving away the public lands, and I
withdraw the motion to amend.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Mississippi whether there is anything in the
constitution of Mississippi that prohibits receiving
appropriations for works of internal improvement ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no, no.
Mr. HALE. That is all, sir.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
REPORT ON COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
On the motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachu-
setts, the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 199, being a bill to provide for
the printing of the annual report on commerce and
navigation.
Mr. ATCHTSON. If I understand this bill, it
proposes a new system on the subject of printing
books for distiibution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Not at all.
The Senator entirely misapprehends the object of
the bill. The Senator is aware that we publish
annually a report from the Treasury Department
called " the annual report on commerce and navi-
gation." Now, after six months of this session
have expired, we have got the report of last year,
which was delivered to us a few days ago. The
proposition contained in this bill is, that, in order
to hasten the publication of this useful document,
we should authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to complete it at as early a day as the first of
January in each year, and when it is completed,
to punt it and distribute it just as we have here-
tofore directed it to be distributed. That is, five
hundred for the use of the department, five thou-
sand copies for the use of the Senate, and thirteen
thousand copies for the House ol Representatives.
That was the distribution which was made last
year. We propose to print for that purpose
twenty thousand copies. The bill, thereiore,
merely hastens the printing of the document.
That is all.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then the difference is this.
This document is now proposed to be printed by
law instead of by resolution of the Senate and of
the House of Representatives as heretotore.
Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts. That is it ex-
actly.
Mr. KING. I desire to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether it would not be
as well to increase the number which is to be sup-
plied to the Treasury Department, and dispense
with the five thousand copies for the use of the
Senate, and the thirteen thousand for the use of
the House of Representatives ? Generally speak-
ing, such documents as this do not reach us until
after Congress adjourns, and there is not one Sen-
ator, 1 expect, who will send out such documents
as this to any great extent, although they involve
a very heavy expense. I speak for myself when
I say that two thirds of the documents of this de-
scription sent to me find no circulation. 1 gen-
erally send a few to to the commeicial cities, and i
take no trouble about the rest.
Upon the whole, I think that it would be much
better to increase the number to be printed for the
use of the Treasury Department, and dispense
with the extra number named for the Senate and
House of Representatives. I will, therefore,
move to strike out that portion of the bill which
orders five thousand copies to be printed for the
Senate and thirteen thousand for the use of the
House of Representatives, and to increase the
number ordered to be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department from five hundred to two
thousand, so that they may be distributed accord-
ing to the wants of those peculiarly interested in
the printing of this document—those connected
with th,e revenue service.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I doubt wheth-
er the Senator from Alabama appreciates the im-
portance attached to this document by the public.
It is one of the most important and useful statisti-
cal documents which are published by the Govern-
ment. 1 believe that Congress, from the earliest
stages of the Government down to this day, has
always been in the habit of publishing more or
less copies of this document, to distribute for the
benefit of those who are interested m it.
Now, if I understand the Senator from Ala-
bama, he proposes to discontinue this distribution.
It has hitherto been the practice of the Govern-
ment to send this document, which was called for
by the commercial community, abroad, that they
might have the benefit of the statistics contained in
it. I apprehend that two thousand copies would
be entirely inadequate to the demand there is for
it. It is purely a public document. It is a kind
of document which is published nowhere else, ex-
cept by the Government. It emanates from one
of the Departments of the Government. The In-
formation can be obtained nowhere else, and it is
information which it is useful to distribute to the
public. 1 hope, therefore, that the practice, which
has existed probably for fifty years, of ordering a
certain number of this document to be distributed
by the members of the two Houses, will not be
discontinued.
The Senator asks why we are to print this large
number? Why, if the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives are to distribute this document at ail,
it is manifest that the best economy would be to
print them all, for the DepartmenUas well as for
both. Houses, at once. It is much more economi-
cal, when the types are set, to print all the copies
which are to be printed, than for each-House and
