1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
1305
the Department to have them printed separately.
This was the motive which the committee had in
view. In its action the committee were unani-
mous, following out, as nearly as they could, the
practice which has heretofore existed, neither in-
creasing nor diminishing the number, but leaving
the number substantially as it was ordered last
year by the two Houses. The sole motive for
doing the matter in this form ig to get the docu-
ment out more expeditiously—to get it out at an
earlier stage of the session than has been custom-
ary.
The Senator says he does not think the delay
vfery material, beeause there is no great necessity
for this document in the part of the country where
he resides. The experience of most of us in other
parts of the country is quite different. There is
great anxiety to get this document. I have been
written to for it many times this very session.
There is a great desire to see it. The commercial
community has a great interest in its being pub-
lished. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
will not be pressed.
Mr. KING. I was somewhat surprised to hear
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts say
that it was usual to print a large number of this
document.
Mr. DAVIS. Was not as large a number as is
proposed by this bill printed last year?
Mr. KING. I will read what was then done.
Last year the Senate ordered that five thousand
five hundred copies, in addition to the usual num-
ber, be printed, five hundred of which to he for the
use of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. The House ordered the residue.
Mr. KING. Then let the House order it for
themselves this year.
Mr. DAVIS. The number was ordered last
year by the two Houses, not by general act, but
by the separate act of each House. The Senate
ordered five thousand; the House of Representa-
tives thirteen thousand and over; malting in the
whole a little short of twenty thousand. The
number is now proposed to be carried up to twenty
thousand, on the supposition that there is an in-
creased demand for the work as the country gets
larger. Twenty thousand is a convenient number.
The design of this bill is to supply both houses,
and to supply them with substantially the same
number that they ordered last year.
Mr. KING. I have not been an inattentive
observer of the progress of things in the Congress
of the United States in regard to the printing and
distribution of documents. It has gone on increas-
ing, ye ar after year, until absolutely the eftormou
expenses incurred by both Houses of Congress in
printing their documents have become exceedingly
onerous. The Senator may have been written to
for this document from the city of Boston, and
probably from other commercial cities that want
it. But, I ask, where is the benefit to be derived
from it by those who live in the interior, where
there are no large commercial cities, where there
are no importing merchants, where no foreign
business is carried on. Of what use is this docu-
ment to the farmer or to the planter? None what-
ever. And yet you want to print very large num-
bers of it.
I am prepared to give the Secretary of the
Treasury enough copies to supply the wants of'
the large commercial cities—those who are inter-
ested in it—to place it in the hands of the mer-
chants and those connected with the collection of
the revenue; but I cannot see the necessity of year
after year going on increasing this printing busi-
ness, until it has become a nuisance. I say a
nuisance, because the^e is not a Senator here who
does not know that document after document is
printed in such numbers as burden his rooms and
weary him with the task of franking and sending
them away. They are often ultimately thrown
away, or go into the hands of persons who use
them as waste paper. I wish to confine this mat-
ter to some reasonable limit, in order that the
proper wants of the country may be supplied, and
proper information given to those who require it.
I shall adhere to the proposition, and persist in
having the sense of the Senate taken upon it, be-
cause it reduces the number ordered to be printed.
If the motion which I have made to strike out
2D,0U0 prevails, it may be filled by such number
as the Senate in their wisdom may direct.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was disagreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to object to this; but I
see no reason why the Secretary of the Treasury
should be preferred to the other heads of depart-
ments. x
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The document
comes from that department.
Mr. RUSK. I say I see no reason why the
Secretary of the Treasury should be preferred to
the other heads of departments. Their reports
furnish information equally as desirable as this.
I have another objection, and it is a serious one.
We are going on from day to day increasing the
patronage of this Government. It is, in my opin-
ion, one of the most dangerous experiments in
which we can engage, and it will bring in its train
more evils than anything else. Here it is proposed
to print 20,000 copies of this report, 5,000 of
which shall be for the use of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The Postmaster General will next ask
something of the sort. And is he not as much
entitled to it? Then.the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy will come in. And so
it will go on.
Under such circumstances, I shall oppose the
whole system by which it is sought to increase
the patronage of the Government. The difficulty
we have had in regard to this subject this session
has arisen from the bad contract we made in rela-
tion to printing. It is here- proposed, without
knowing anything about what these reports are to
be, before they are submitted to a committee, to
have them printed. I am opposed to this
Mr. DICKINSON". The Senator is right, if he
would apply the principle to the contingent ex-
penses of Congress, and of the Senate particularly.
There is this difference between the Treasury De-
partment and the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment. Their reports are generally of such a
character that they find their way into the public
press. On the other hand, the report from the
Treasury Department on commerce and naviga-
tion is altogether too voluminous to fall within the
scope of ordinary newspaper circulation. It is be-
yond their capacity.
All commercial communities must have some
facilities for carrying on their commercial opera-
tions. They must have that information, or we
shall have no revenue to support the Government.
You may stop the operations of the agents of the
War and Navy Departments, and not seriously af-
fect the revenue. Itmight,perhaps,benefitit. But
when once you prevent commercial facilities, in that
proportion you cut ofif the revenue with which this
Government is to be sustained. That is a wide
difference. But I shall not now go into details.
This is no document on which to reform. Re-
form on those which are not cared for, which are
dull and heavy and prosy, but not on a document
so interesting and useful as this. This document
may not be interesting in sections that have no
great commercial interest. It is, therefore,-not of
universal application in one sense of the term, but
it is in another. All are interested in the finances
of this Government. All are interested in having
the Treasury replenished. Those whose business
it is to contribute to the replenishing of the Treas-
ury, should have the proper information on which
to help to replenish it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur most cheerfully with
what has fallen from the .honorable Senator from
New York. I think this is a document for which
provision for printing may well be made by a gen-
eral law. And I would adopt the very suggestion
which is so objectionable to the Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk.} I would print any docu-
ment coming from any department, which con-
tained nothing of a direction or recommendation
in it, but which was simply an evidence of the
acts of the Government. I would print anything
which goes to show what is the true character of
our commerce, without being mixed or mingled
with anything relating to the suggestions or rec-
ommendation^ of the department. I do-not see
that this is materially different from the army reg-
ister, the navy register, and a variety of other
documents which are ordered to be printed for the'
departments.
Nor do I see that it extends the patronage of the
Government in any degree, whether the printing
be ordered by lav/ or by a specific vote of the Sen-
ate or House of Representatives. There is the
same patronage in either case, i do not see that j
this extends it in any way. This document is of i
vast importance to the commercial sections of this 1
country. It is one in which they feel .a deep aad
lively interest. I trust that the number which has
been reported by the committee will command ;the
assent of the Senate. I will only add, -that this
matter received the serious consideration of the
committee; and 1 think I am justified" in saying
that it received its unanimous vote.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, aad was
subsequently read a third time and. passed. >
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the admission of California as a
State into the Union, to establish territorial gov-
ernments for Utah1 and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment of her
western and northern boundaries.
The question before the Senate was the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Soule on the 24th of June.
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the Senate at length
in reply to Mr. Socle's arguments. He dwelt on
the expediency of admitting California at once,
unless some insuperable objections should be
urged agamst it. The various objections urged
by Mr. Soule he stated, and proceeded to reply to
them in detail.
The debate was continued until half-past four
o'clock, by Mr. FOOTE, Mr. BARNWELL.
Mr. BUTLER, and Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
who, without finishing, gave way for a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. WHfTCOMB called for the yeas and hays
on that motion, which were ordered, and being
taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Benton, Berrien, Butler, (Jhase, Cl.nke, dlemens,
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Day
ton, Dodge ol Iowa, Down.-, Greene, Hale, Uamlm, Hunter,
King, Ma^on, Miller, Morton, Pearee, Sebastian, Seward,
Shield-, Smirh, Soute, Turney, Upham, and Yulee—34."
NAYS—Messrs. Blight, Cass, Clay, Cooper, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Felqfe, Foote,
Houston, Jones, Noms, Pratt, Rusk, Sturgeon, Underwood,
Walker, YVeb>ter, and Wluteomb—20.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Fiuday, June 2St lj?50.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE NATIONAL ARMORIES.
Mr. PARKER asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill of which he had given
previous notice.
The title was read for information, as follows:
'•A bill respecting the national armories at Springfield and
Harper's Ferry." •
No objection being made—
The bill was received, read a first and second
time, andieferred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked and obtained
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
the following resolution; which was considered
and agreed to, viz.
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into ttie expediency of dividing (lie second part
of the President's annual message in two volumes, contain-
ing each about nine hundred pages.
STATE OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BURT desired, with the permission of the-
House, to inquire of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Elections [Mr. Strong] if it was expected
that the vote on the contested election would be
taken this day ?
Mr. STRONG said, in accordance with the
notice he had given yesterday, it was his design
to move fur the close of this debate about one
o'clock, or as'near that time as was practicable.
Mr. BURT. 1 will not make the motion I in-
tended to make, if that be the understanding of the
House; but 1 beg to say to the House, that it is
matter of indispensable duty that the House dis-
pose of the business on the Speaker's table within
to-day and to-morrow.
CONTESTED ELECTION IOWA.
Mr. William Thompson, sitting member.
Mr. Daniel F. Miller, contestant.
The SPEAKER announced the first business to
be the question of privilege upon the report of the
Committee on Elections in the above case.
Mr. DiSiNEY who was entitled to. the floor
