1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
from yesterday, yielded for a moment at the re-
quest of
Mr. LEFFLER, who said he had understood
the gentleman from Maryland yesterday to say,
that he (Mr. L.) had made very serious charges
against Truman Smith and Fitz Henry Warren,
in connection with this election.
Mr. EVANS (in his seat) said the gentleman
had misunderstood him—he had not so represent-
ed the gentleman.
Mr. LEFFLER wished to say, that he hail not
intended to make any charge against those gentle-
men; certainly he had not intended to impugn the
honor or integrity of anybody.
Mr. DISNEY resumed the floor, and addressed
the committee in remarks of which our report
is unavoidably deferred to-night. He maintained
that the question of the right of the sitting mem-
ber to his seat was unquestionable, and said that,
in his judgment, no gentleman, however violent
might be his party prejudices, could rise from an
examination of the law and of the facts of the case
without being forced to that conclusion. He dis-
cussed principally the question of the admissi-
bility, of the Kanesville vote, and charged that it
was tainted with fraud, like a leprosy. He
glanced at other points of the case; replied to
positions taken in the minority report, and in de-
bate by gentlemen on the other side$ and declared
that neither in his own observation or in his
readings, had he ever met with a contested elec-
tion where there was so little ground of contest,
and where the proofs were so conclusive and so
overwhelming, a3 those which in this case estab-
lished the right of the sitting member. [For Mr.
D.'s ft mark y see Appendix, page 782.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said: Mr.
Speaker, I desire to say a few, very few words in
regard to this case. I have no fondness for speech-
making, but I think it my duty here to give my
views o«,one point of this case, leaving other points
to the discussion that has or may'take place.
I hope, sir, we are to decide this question as a
great judicial one, without any party feeling, but
solely upon the law, and upon justice.
Now, sir, what is the question presented? By
•the laws of Iowa, the territory west of the oigan-
ized counties wtis attached to such counties for
election, judicial, and revenue purposes, as the ter-
ritory west of Monroe was attached to Monroe,
and the territory west of Mahaska attached to that
county, and so on of the frontier counties of Iowa.
Now, the only subject I shall refer to, is the Kanes-
ville vote. At that precinct, four hundred and
ninety-three votes were given to the contestant,
and thirty to the sittingijjember. The canvassers
of Monroe county excluded this vote, and gave
the certificate of election to the sitting member.
Now, sir, were the canvassers right? Was Kanes-
ville west of Monroe? It claimed to be so. Sir,
it is admitted, and proved too, by Mason and Wel-
ler, that Kanesville was north of the north line of
Monroe—was not in Monroe county, and was in
fact in Mahaska county. This line is ascertained
by mathematical demonstration—this seems settled
beyond dispute. They claim to be counted in
Monroe, when in fact they are in Mahaska
county. Can they be counted in Monroe? The
constitution of Iowa, in regulating the right of suf-
fraae, is as follows:
" Every white male citizen ofrhe Umfpd Slatei of the age
of twenty-one years, who shall have been a resident ol tne
Sta.e MX months next preceding the election, and the
county in which he votes twenty day?, shall beelltilled to
vote at all eleftiona which are now, or herealter may be,
authorized by law." —
■ Now, sir, demonstration has shown this fact,
that the spot on which Kanesville and the' voters
principally were, north of the Monroe line—
was m Mahaska county. Being so, the constitu-
tion of Iowa determines the question; and how?
by declaring that the voter shall be a resident
twenty days in the county in which he offers his
vote—twenty days tn the county is the condition
of voting. This is the condition upon which a
vote is to be given. Now, sir, this vote was not
within the county; and how can it be counted?
Sir, you have no right to prostrate and strike down
the constitution of Iowa by saying that its require-
ments shall be held null and void. You cannot
do ir. The States obey you in some things, in
which you have the sovereign right to direct, but
vein must also obey the States in some things.
We can fix the number of membeis a State can
elect, but the State fixes the manner and place of
voting, and the qualification of electors. The quali-
fication of electors! One qualification is a resi-
dence of twenty days—that is wanting in this case,
for the Kanesville people were not in the limits of
Monroe at all—there is no residence of a single
jay—none whatever, not an hour; then, sir, do you
not disregard the constitution of lowa'when you
allow votes by citizens not residents? Which
must prevail—the constitution of Iowa or your
power to admit? Why do you allow any person
to have a seat here? Because they come accredited
by an election according to State laws—certainly
not admitted when these laws are disregarded.
No one can claim these votes as in accordance
with the constitution if there was no residence.
Mr. Speaker, the election precinct of Kanes-
ville was established by the commissioners of
Monroe. They had no jurisdiction of Kanes-
ville at all—none whatever. It was not within
their limits; their acts were void—a nullity. It
will not do to say, that their act being a nullity,
the election is, notwithstanding, good. Sir, if they
had no organization, there was no legal means of
communicating the result of the voting. Irregu-
larities and nullities are different things. The
formeroccurs within jurisdiction, where jurisdic-
tion has been informally exercised. But where
there is no jurisdiction at all, the act is a nullity.
It is without semblance of force. It is void, not
merely voidable as a case of irregularities only.
It will not do to say that all parties acted in good
faith; this will not make that good which is in-
curably vicious. Sir, it is a familiar maxim, that
" ignorance of law excuses no one." The com-
missioners were bound to know the extent of their
authority—the limits of their jurisdiction—bound
to know it; not to do the best in their power, but
to do their duty exactly according to law. This
they were bound to do. They were bound to
know the line the law had established, for this
fixed their jurisdiction. Now, sir, it matters not
what they supposed in regard to the fact; the fact
is certain and indubitable, that they were attempt-
ing to exercise jurisdiction beyond the extent of
the county limits. Suppose the limits were not
run, not actually run, for the sake of argument.
Still it was competent to reduce the contingency
to an absolute certainty—" Id cerium at quod cer-
ium reddi protest," is a maxim well known. That
is certain which can be made certain.^ Now, sir,
in contemplation of law, the line was established.
But was it not fixed in point of fact.
[Here Mr. Thompson was interrupted by Mr.
Toombs, of Georgia, who said there was no line
run.] *
Mr. THOMPSON. Sir, a connection or base
line was run by authority of the surveyor general,
and from this any surveyor could find the line be-
tween townships 78 and 79, fixed by law as the
northern boundary of Monroe. From this fine ti
line was run, as proved by Mason and Weller,
and Kanesville was found and fixed to be six
miles north of Monroe county. This settles,
mathematically, that Kanesville was not within the
jurisdiction of the authorities of Monroe county.
The Constitution, therefore, gave the voters no
right to vote in Monroe county—nor had the
commissioners any right to establish a precinct
there.
Sir, the intention to be correct is nothing—the
law requires certainty and obedience. Suppose a
sheriff levy on property beyond his county line
or bailiwick, can he justify under the plea that he
did not know his limits, his county line? He
could not shield himself from being a trespasser
upon such a plea. Suppose an assessor should
assess a tax beyond his township or county limits,
and the collector came forward and enforced its
payment, would he not be held to be a trespasser ?
No one will doubt this, I think—it is settled law.
Nay, more than this: Suppose under this assess-
ment land should bo sold for the tax so levied,
would .the title pass? Most assuredly not; and
why? Simply hecause there was "no jurisdiction
in the assessing officer—his act is a nullity; every-
thing flowing from it is, therefore, of the same
quality. Your foundation being in error, the en-
tire superstructure is vicious. Now, sir, if no
title could flow from this act of the assessor, be-
cause no jurisdiction, and there be no jurisdiction
because beyond jurisdictional limits, 1 would like
to know how there could be a different result from
similar circumstances. How could there be an
organization without any authority to organize?
Will it be said that Kanesville could vote without
officers to hold the election—without a precinct—
without any organization? ^ If the commissioners
had no authority at Kanesville, there was no pre-
cinct, no officers, no election. But this, conclu-
sive as it is, is not so-strong a ground as the cir-
cumstance before alluded to, that there was not a
residence of twenty days in Monroe county when
the Kanesville people claimed to vote. They had
no residence in Monroe.
But it is said that the sitting member had friends
there and received votes, and that no objection was
made at the time to the voting at Kanesville; and
it is gently insinuated that the sitting member and
his friends acquiesced in this vote at this precinct.
This is not the fact. But suppose it was so, will
consent give jurisdiction? Would it make that
which is void ipsofactot valid ? No, sir; consent,-
broad as it might be, or could be, would not render
it valid. But there was no consent.
It is said that these people would be disfran-
chised if they are not to be counted, as proposed.
This is not so, they were entitled to vote m Ma-
haska county, in any district in it. Why did they
not go there 1 Are they disfranchised, when they
had the full privilege of voting by presenting them-
selves at any poll in Mahaska county ? But, sir,
if they had a right to vote in Mahaska, (and this
is nowhere disputed, or denied,) could they have
a right to vote in Monroe also? Could they vote
in either of the two counties? This cannot be so,
because the constitution required the voter to vote
in the county in which he resided; and as no voter
could reside in two counties at the same time, so
he could not vote in one or other of two counties,
as he might please.
Are county lines nothing? How are you to
avoid frauds—and, as my friend on my right [Mr.
Potter] says, how are you to prevent " pipe
laying?" Only by requiring a citizen to vote
where he resides. So important is this, that it
becomes a constitutional provision in Iowa. The
condition upon which a man can vote is, that he
shall vole where the law appoints him to vote. In
no other place can he exercise this municipal
right, or ought he.
One other view, to show this Kanesville vote
wrong: Suppose fraud had been attempted on the
ballot-box by a voter, could he have been indicted
and tried in Monroe county for such violation ?—
could the officers of the election have been made
amenable to penalties for infracting the election
laws of Monroe county ? Certainly not; because
the offence was not committed within thejurisdic-
tion of Monroe county. Could they have been
punished for offences against the election laws
of Mahaska? No; for Mahaska commissioners
erected no precinct, appointed no election officers,
and the election purported to be m and for Mon-
roe county. Now, sir, these voters were subject
to no penalties for fraud, and in this are exempt,
while at the same time they claim the advantages
of the law, by having these votes counted. They
are not subject to its penalties, and cannot claim
its benefits.
Sir, can any man now go for counting the
Kanesville vote, without feeling that he is legal-
izing that which is nullified by the constitution of
Iowa—asserting jurisdiction in the commissioners
of Monroe county, when not a semblance of such
jurisdiction exists ? Can he go for these things, and
not fee! that he is prostrating the constitution of
Iowa? Sir, these are my views on this Kanes-
ville vote. I think I am not mistaken in law or
fact in regard to it.
Sir, the minority report does not deny the ex-
istence of the location of Kanesville, but it asserts
that there was an " understood line, a claimed
line, an admitted line," existing, by which Kanes-
ville was within the Monroe limits. This is strange
language. Who "understood" this line?—who
" claimed" it?—who " admitted" such existence ?
No one having such right, nor any person or per-
sons alluded to as admitting such line. Thcie is
no proof about it; but the true line is established,
and the fact fixed that Kanesville is not within
the Monroe jurisdiction, and this settles all inferior
proofs on the subject.
Now, sir, I hope this question will bis carefully
and judicially decided. If this gentleman is ex-
cluded upon a disregard of the rights and laws of
the State, it may become the turn of any of us to
suffer in the same way. I shall say nothing fur-
ther.
