212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
also for some two or three territorial governments.
If we could separate it, so that the whole matter
referring: to the Territories should go to the Terri-
torial Committee, then it seems to me the diffi- j
culty would be at an end, and that there would be i
a proper disposition of it. I do not think it very
important, in any point of view, whether it goes 1
to one committee or the other, except that the
chairman of the committee would feel that he had
nothing to do, I Apprehend, if all these subjects
belonging to the Committee on Territories were
withheld from him and sent to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I take it for granted that my friend
from South Carolina, if any question of* constitu-
tional law should arise, could decide it equally as
well on one committee as on the other. I shall,
therefore, go for referring the subject relating to
the territories to the Commtitee on Territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. King] does not understand the real point
which I have made. I insist that the subject of
creating a State, as well as of creating a Territorial
Government, properly goes to the Committee on
Territories; that is, the consideration of the ques-
tion whether a Territory shall be created into a
State, or a State created out of a part of a Territory.
That was and is now the practice of the House of
Representatives. It was the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories there who reported the bills
for the admif-sion of Florida, Iowa, and Wiscon- j
sin into the Union, and all bills of that character |
have uniformly come from that committee, since !
its duties were separated from those of the Judi- j
ciary Committee. Therefore, I propose now to j
have the question settled^as to what are the duties
of the Territorial Committee in this body. As to
my friend from South Carolina, I can only say
that he will have all the advantage he could desire,
however the question may be settled, he being on
both committees.
Mr. KING. As the Senator from Illinois says,
I did not understand the precise point he made,
and understanding it now, I do not agree with
him. I am disposed to give to the Committee on
Territories the regulation of the governments for
the Tenitories; but when the period arrives that
they are prepared to frame a Constitution and
State Government, then I am disposed to give the
question to the Judiciary Committee, as has been
done over and over again in this body. The question
of ascertaining and determining whether the pro-
posed States can come in under the regulations
prescribed by the Constitution, is one properly
belonging to the Judiciary Committee, and not to
the Territorial Committee. I cannot see how we
are to settle this question now. As the Senator
proposes, we are willing to give the Senator and
his committee the examination of, and jurisdiction
over, the matter, so far as regards the territorial
governments of the territories, as they present
themselves asking for such governments; and
when the other question arises, as to the admission
of a State, then it should go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. If the motion is made so as to refer the
whole question of State and Territorial government
to the Committee on Territories, I shall vote
against it, although I am willing to vote to send to
that committee this memorial, asking for a territo-
rial government.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is suggested to me by my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to include the other subject; that is, the
bill of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
and make the motion for reference applicable to
both. E
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will not do that, for this reason : I am prepared
to vote for the reference of the resolution which
has been the subject of debate to-day, to the Com-
mittee on Territories, but I decidedly accord with
the Senator from Alabama, that the bill should be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I waive the motion that I
havejust made then, and adhere to my original
motion.
Mr. BERRIEN". If I understand the prayer
of the memorial, it presents precisely the case
whichis contemplated by the Senator from Ala-
bama in the remarks wh'ich he has made to the
Senate. It asks, ultimately, that the people of
Deseret may be admitted, either as a State or as
a Territory, the people having formed a constitu-
tion which they have transmitted to us; andlhe |
question which their memorial asks to be consid- !
ered by Congress is, in the first instance, shall they
be admitted as a State? That is the first question
that is presented. If you refuse them admission
as a State, then they ask you to admit them as a
Territory,.according to the view presented by the
Senator from Alabama Therefore, as the first
question is for the admission of these people as a
State, under the constitution which they have sent
to us, the reference of this portion of it, it seems
to me, would be proper to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and not to the Committee on Territo-
ries. And I am sure, Mr. President, that the view
which has been presented by the Senator from
Alabama seemed to be that entertained by the
Senate after a very full discussion of the question
in reference to the California bill. I am sure he
will concur with me in the view, that if this me-
morial had been confined to an application to
have a territorial form of government, the view
which he has expressed would be the correct one;
j but they ask, in the first instance, to be admitted
as a State. Their first request is, therefore, proper
for consideration by the Judiciary Committee, ac-
cording to the opinion of the Senate expressed at
the last session, and a deliberate decision made
after very elaborate discussion.
Mr. KING. I ask for the reading of the memo-
rial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state that the memorial is not here.
Mr. BERRIEN. The honorable Senator from
Illinois will admit, I suppose, that the prayer of the
memorial is as I have slated.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, the memorial is
as stated by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. KING. I am satisfied that there must be
a misapprehension. But if it be as the honoiable
Senator states, then it brings up the simple ques-
tion, first, upon the proposition to establish a State
government, and not a Territorial government.
This being the rase, I shall change the vote that
I was about to give, and vote in favor of the refer-
ence to the Judiciary Committee, inasmuch as it is a
State government that is asked for and not a Terri-
torial government.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
refer the resolution and memorial to the Committee
on Territories, and it was decided in the affirmative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barter, Benton, Bradhnry. Bright, Cluvse,
Clarke, Cooper, Davi- of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dod*e
of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Feleh, Foote,
Greene, [latnitn, Houston, Jones-, Mansjum, Miller, Norris,
ltii-k, Sewaid, Shields, Sturgeon, Underwood, Uplidin,
Willi'?, Walker,, and Whiu-omh—HO.
NAYS—Atchison,i'.erricn, Boilnnd, Butler, Clay,
Clemens, Corwiu, Davis of Dawson, Dayton,
Hunter, Knur, M.t&ou, Moiton, Peaice, Phelps, Sebastian,
j Sptuatiee, Tuiney, and Yulee—20.
So the lesolution and memorial were referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Air. DOUGLAS. I now move that the bill in-
troduced by the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi to provide for the organisation of the territo-
rial governments of California, Descret, and New
Mexico, and to enable the people of Jacinto, with
the conscntof the State of Texas, to form a con-
stitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union upon an equal
footing with the original States in all respects
whatever, he referred to the same committee.
Mr. RUSK. 1 understand there is a motion
already pending to refer that bill to the Judiciary
Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is such a
motion pending.
Mr. CLAY. The motion of the honorable Sena-
tor fiom Illinois is not now in order. Until the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which the bill has
been referred, is discharged from considering it,
the Senate has not possession of it, and cannot
refer it to another committee. The first motion,
therefore, will be to discharge the Committee on
the Jutiiciary from the further consideration of
that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will ;
state that the bill was read twice, and a motion j
was made to refer it to the Committee on the Judi- '
ciary, but the question was not taken upon that |
motion, it having been laid upon the table. !
Mr. CLAY. I beg pardon. I did not know j
that such was the state of the case. I was under ■
the impression that the bill had been referred,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now interpose the motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Territories,
Mr. RUSK. The first question is upon its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BERRIEN. Do I understand the Chair to
say that the motion to refer the bill was not laid
upon the table ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollection of
the Chair is. that the motion was laid on the
table.
Mr. BERRIEN. The question then will be
upon taking up and considering the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was then put, and the motion was
taken up for consideration.
Mr. FOOTE. I beg leave to repeat what I have
said already, that, for the reasons assigned this
morning in our hearing by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, I did think, and still think, that all
matters strictly territorial ought to be referied to
that committee; in justice to that gentleman, in
justice to the committee of which he is the chair-
man, and in justice to this body, that is the refer-
ence that should be given to it.
But this bill embraces, as I have already stated,
a proposition to create a new State; for that reason
I am of the opinion that it should be referred to the
Judiciary Committee, as well as for the reason's
which have been assigned by the honorable Sena-
tors from South Carolina and from Georgia.
The resolution that I had the honor of intro-
ducing will embrace the whole subject, with the
exception of establishing a State government. I
shall certainly not vote for the reference of this bill
also to the Committee on Territories. But why
there should be all this rivalry between the com-
mittees, I am at a loss to understand. I cannot
understand why there should be any such rivalry.
I have not intended to be instrumental in the intro-
duction of any such feeling in legard to this ques-
tion, nor will I. I have voted on all occasions
upon this subject with a desire to harmonize, and
I am willing, for one, to unite in insisting upon a
faithful and laborious discharge, if necessary, of
the duties belonging to each one of the committees.
I cannot understand how it is that there should be
any discourtesy towards any particular committee
or section of the Union in regard to this matter-
I am anxious to have a full report from both com-
mittees, and 1 must say that I am, above all things,
solicitous for light upon contested questions. I
never dread the truth, whether my mind has yet
embraced it or not. I never dread error, if truth is
left free to combat it.
Mr. RUSK. The bill which is now moved to
be referred contains various questions which would
make it proper, if separated, to go to the Territo-
rial Committee, or to the Judiciary Committee;
but, as they cannot be separated, it must go to one
or the other of the committees. It seems to me
perfectly competent to refer it to cither; it is mere-
ly a matter of discretion.
Mr. F(50TE. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me to interrupt him, in order to state to the
Senate the difteience between the two bills. The
proposition contained in this bill is an affirmative
proposition to establish a State, and an affirmative
proposition to establish a Territorial government.
The other proposition is in an alternative form,
to establish a State or a Territorial government,
one or the other. The distinction seems a very
clear one to my mind.
Mr. RUSK. It is a matter of no consequence to
which committee the bill is referred. There is
enough, however, of each proposition in it to ren-
der its reference to either committee proper; but,
as far as this bill is concerned, it seems to me there
is no doubt that the major proposition is to estab-
lish a State. In the next place, the bill involves
an important question with relation to the bound-
ary of a State; and, in addition to this, the reason
why I shall vote for the reference to the Judiciary
Committee is, that the bill introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, containing some
provisions of a similar character, has gone to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and, inasmuch as
one at least of the questions involved in this bill
has already gone to the Judiciary Committee, it
seems to me that there would be great propriety
in sending this one also to the same committee, to
avoid having two, perhaps different, reports from
two different committees on the same subject-mat-
ter. Under the circumstances, I shall vote for its
reference to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. COOPER. Would it be in oider to amend
motion.
