1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
It would be in
The VICE PRESIDENT.
order.
Mr. COOPER. Then I move to amend the
motion by referring so much of the bill as relates
to the erection of a State to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and the remainder of the bill to the
Committee on the Territories. Sir, I see no rea-
son why this may not be done. It is very frequent-
ly the case that the subject-matter of a-petition is
referred to two committees which should appro-
priately have charge of the subjects contained in
them. By the rules of the Senate, sir, as I un-
derstand them, the jurisdiction of its committees
is not defined, but ex vi termini, it seems to me
that a bill for the establishment of a Territorial
government over a certain portion of the country
ought to go to the Committee on the Territories;
and, as it has been the custom of the Senate to
refer bills for the creation or erection of States to
the Committee on the Judiciary, it would be proper
that that portion of the bill which relates to the
erection of a State should go to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
As I have already remarked, it is a common
thing to refer one portion of a memorial to one
committee and another to another committee. I
know itis the case in the other branch of Congress;
I know it is the case in State Legislatures; and I
think that during the present session there has been
a memorial of this kind referred to different com-
mittees; that is to say, a portion of it relating to a
particular subject, to the committee having charge
of that subject, and the other portion of it referring
to another subject, to the committee having charge
of that particular subject. It seems to me that the
subject-matter of this bill is so distinct that there
can be no mistaking where the different portions
of it ous^ht to go for consideration. That portion
of it which refers to the establishment of ^Territo-
rial government should go to the Committee on
Territories, or else the Committee on Territories
ought to be abolished at once; the other may go to
the Committee on the Judiciary. If constitutional
questions shall arise, if they may not be determined
by the Committee on Territories, incidentally in
the discharge of their duties; if they find them-
selves incompetent to decide them—and they are
all lawyers except myself, and I am but a poor
one—why, we can ask to be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill and refer it to those
who are more competent. I do not say this in an
invidious sense, but from the fact that they, have
charge of those particular questions growing out of
the Constitution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
amend the motion by referring that portion of the
bill which relates to the establishment of a Terri-
torial Government to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and the remainder to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. KING. Do I understand the Chair to say
that this motion is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a question
for the Senate to decide, r.ot the Chair.
Mr. KING. If it is so, then I can only say
that such a thing never has been done, and can-
not be done without involving us in great difficul-
tl6The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that it cannot be done.
Mr. KING. Then it is needless that I should
say anything more on the subject.
Mr. FOOTE. In that case I also will say no
more." I suppose there is no appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. COOPER assented. .
Mr DAYTON. I will not detain the Senate
long; 'but I have a word to say in reference to
this matter. I have observed that the Judiciaiy
Committee, for what reason I know not, seems to
be becoming very fast the grand reservoir for tic
business of the Senate. It seems to me that at
least one-half of all the important business ot the
Senate, for some reason or other, is reaching
Judiciary Committee. Now, it is said to he a good
maxim in law that it is the duty of a pod judge
to amplify his jurisdiction; but I really know of
no such rule which applies to the busm/®? °f
mittees; and for one, as a member of that com-
mittee, I am disposed rawer to annu\, than to
amplify the amount of business that i  comm&
into that committee chamber.
I voted, Mr. President, for the reference of the j
preceding memorial to the Judiciary Committee,
because I thought it was a business that appropri-
ately belonged to that committee; and, while I
would have no wish as a member of that committee
to amplify the amount of our business, I .would
not shrink from anything which appropriately be-
longs to our committee.
If I understand this matter aright, on the repre-
sentation of the Senator from Georgia, the Terri-
tory of Deseret comes here with a constitution in
its hand, seeking admission into the Union as a
State.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oras a Territory.
Mr. DAYTON. The past practice of the Sen-
ate, £04, I understand, of the Government, at least
of this department of the Government, has been to
refer these matters to the Judiciary Committee,
and I voted for such a reference because I felt that,
should this application be premature, and should
we report that Deseret is not in a condition to be
admitted as a State, then the other question will
comeup, Will you admit it asaTerritory,and that
matter be disposed of by the Committee on Terri-
tories? But now, sir, here is another andadifler-
ent question. If I understand the bill introduced
by the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote,] and I cannot speak with much accuracy
as to the details of the measure, it embraces a va-
riety of objects. It calls on the committee to judge
as to the propriety of forming States and forming
Territories. It is not people coming here with a
constitution in their hands, and asking admission
as a State; but it presents to us an alternative
either to make them a Slate or give them a Terri-
torial government.
Mr. FOOTE. I will set the honorable Senator
rieht in regard to this matter. There is no alter-
native feature in this bill. There are various prop-
ositions relating to California, Deseret, and New
Mexico, and there is a proposition for establishing
a new State within the limits of Texas, and also a
proposition to settle a contested boundary between
New Mexico and Texas.
Mr. DAYTON. It is perfectly evident, there-
fore, Mr. President, that the bill now under con-
sideration embraces a variety of matters, payt of
which is appertinent to the Judiciary Committee,
and part to the Territorial Committee. ,
Now, sir, under these circumstances, we are left ]
| to choose between the two committees; and for one
! I prefer, with great respect for the gentlemen on
the Judiciary Committee, that this matter should
go to the Committee on Territories. I appiehend
that if Deseret, New Mexico, and those other Ter-
ritories are to come into the Union at all, they will
come in now at least as Territories.
Mr. FOOTE. True, b*it does the honorable
Senator insist that a proposition to lay off a new
State within the limits of the present State of
Texas is the same as to establish a new Teintory,
or bring territory into the Union ?
Mr. DAYTON. I understand that there is a
branch of this bill that belongs to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I so stated; and that there
was another branch which belonged to the Com-
mittee on Territories ; and that, having the choice
between the two, without having any special rea-
son for giving a preference to the former over the
latter, I choose to prefer the reference to the ler-
ritorial Committee, in order that that committee
may have something to do.
Mr FOOTE. If the Senator will allow me, 1
will simply say, that if the argument of the hon-
orable Senator includes the minor proposition, then
it certainly, sir, includes the major.
Mr. DAYTON. The gentleman, I presume,
does not, bv asserting the major proposition, carry
all the minor propositions in the tram of the major
proposition. The truth is, the different matters
stand entiiely unconnected. If this bill comes to
our committee, we will have to consider matters
which do not properly belong to us; and if it goes
to the Territorial Committee, perhaps they will
have to consider matters which do not properly be-
long to them. But I prefer-unless there be some
i special reason to the contrary—that the bill should
1 be sent to the Territorial Committee; and I see no
i such reason which does not apply with equal force
! to the proposition to send it to the Judiciary Um-
m mittee. Unless there be some special reason to
! the contrary, I prefer that it should go to the ler-
i| ritorial Committee, inasmuch as the Committee
'l on the Judiciary has already been burdened with
! ! about one-half of all the important business of the
I Senate. I think, therefore, it would be but just
that it should be passed dver to the Territorial
Committee, which, I understand, has not so much
to do.
.o uu<
The question being put upon the pending mo-
tion for reference to the Committee on the Judici-
ary, it was, upon a division, decided in the^nega-
tive: Ayes 19, noes 23.
Mr. FOOTE. I move now, sir, that the bill be
referred to a select committee of five, to be chosen
by ballot.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the question will
first be taken on my motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I did not under-
stand the Senator from Illinois to have submitted
that motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I certainly intended to be
understood to make the motion before, but I will
make it again now.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the motion of the honora-
ble Senator take precedence over'my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Yes, certainly.
The motion to refer to a standing committee takes
precedence over a motion to refer to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. FOOTE demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to refer to the Committee on Territo-
ries; and they were ordered, and being taken,
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper. Corwin, Day ton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Doualas, Felcli, Greene, Hamlin,
Jones, Miller, Norris, Sewartl, Spruatic<\ Underwood, Up-
iiam, Wales, Walker, and Whitcomb—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atclmon, Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien,
Borland, Butler. Clav. Clemens, JDavisol Mississippi. Daw-
son, Foote, Houston, Hunter, Kmc, Mangum, Mason, Mor-
| ton, Pearce, Itu=k, Turney, and Yulee—23.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 23, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a motion, that one
hour be set apart for the introduction (without de-
bate) of bills anil joint resolutions, of which pre-
vious notice had been given. There were, no doubt,
many members (Mr. B. remarked) who had bills
and joint resolutions which they desired to intro-
duce, and which, probably, had been there some
'"Mr. BOYD asljed the gentleman from Indiana
TMr Brown] to yield the floor for a moment, to
enable him (Mr. Boyd) to submit a motion.
' Mr. BROWN yielded the floor.
DESERET.
Mr. BOYD then asked the unanimous consent
of the House that the constitution of Deseret, to-
p-ether with the credentials of the representative
1 herefrom, might be referred to the Committee on
EMr.° STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected, and
was understood to give notice that he would object
to everything that was not in the regular order of
business. . .
So Mr. Boyd did not submit his motion.
The SPEAKER then stated the motion of Mr.
B Objection having been made by Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, the motion was not entertained.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr HAMPTON asked leave to present certain
joint resolutions of the Legislature of
nia, in relation to Whitney s plan for a railroad1 to
the Pacific, with a view that they might be laid
upon the table, and printed. resolutions
Objection having been made, the resolutions
wew n0prATHERSTON asked the unanimous
House to introduce a resolution of
™qu^;ltobjection was made by Mr. Stephen,
°fMr°SNaHAM asked the unanimous consent
nfThe House to withdraw from the files of the
u   naoers in the case of Samuel Gregory,
^h ?heh-vifwP of referring them to the Fens,on
° TChe SPEAKER said he understood the gentle-
maa froHi Georgia [Mr. Stbphens] to have stated
