1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
the line left that place within, the Jimits of Monroe
county. This man was intimately acquainted
with that whole, country, and has subsequently
received an appointment from the Democrats, ow-
ing probably to this familiarity with the country.
*He went to the regular!y-organized tribunal of the
* county of Monroe, and the officers of that county
took jurisdiction of- Kanesviile, and established
there an election precinct of the county of xVionroe.
He knew the provision of the law that the country
lying west should be attached to Monroe, and,
with that knowledge, they fixed on Kanesviile as
due west. If they had been of the opinion that
Kanesviile was nut wuhin the limits of the county,
but that its position was, as has been asserted, six
miles north of the line, they could not have estab-
lished this precinct there without stultifying them-
selves. They appointed judges of election to take
the votes at Kanesviile, and these judges were per-
sons conversant with the situation of the country,
resident there, and they opened the polls, suppos-
ing all to be legal and correct, and received the
votes, not for Marion county, but for Monroe
county. How could they have done all this, if
they had not understood that Kanesviile was in-
cluded within -the line winch bounded Monroe
county? These were all public functionaries, who
well knew the boundaries within which they had
a right to exercise jurisdiction, and their proceed-
ings show that there was an understanding that
Kanesviile was within the line of the county.
If ali this evidence was not sufficient to con-
vince gentlemen on the other side, he would go
* still further. There was the sheriff of Monroe
county; he went to Kanesviile for the purpose of
electioneering for the county of Monroe, not for
the county of Marion. He cast his own vote
there for the county of Monroe. That the •sher-
iff of the county, who is always supposed to un-
derstand the county lines, whose business it is to
know how they run, performed all these functions
in Kanesviile, is proof that he looked upon it a3 a
part of Monroe county; and he must have known
the fact, and would not have so acted, had it been
otherwise. Again: there were more than five hun-
dred legal voters residing in Kanesviile. Now, every
one of these must have known if he was living m
Marion county or in Monioe county. Every one
of these, without exception, voted in Kanesviile,
supposing it to be a vote in Monroe county. How
could they have committed such an error, if an
error it had been ? It was well understood by
them that Kanesviile was a part of Monroe
county.
Again, there was a number of persons who went
out for the purpose of electioneering, and who took
money with them to promote their party objects.
These persona were at Kanesviile at the election;
and they took their observations during their jour-
ney, which, to be sure, were not veiy^ definite.
These persons all belonged to Monroe county, and
were informed, wherever they made inquiry, that
Kanesviile lay west of Monroe. It is but reason-
able to suppose that they inquired of their Demo-
cratic and other friends, or at any rate of the
people living on the road, who all informed them
that Kanesviile was west of Monroe. If after ali
th'is, gentlemen were still dark, he must despair of
his ability to enlighten them. So much, then,
for the understood line.
But was there not a claimed line? In the case
of the murder at Trader's Point, the majority of
the grand jury must have known where their ju-
risdiction was limited. It was believed that Kanes-
viile was only eight miles north of Trader's Point;
and this fact satisfied them that they had jurisdiction
in Xvanesville. The precinct was therefore estab-
lished there for judicial purposes. Was this no
claim ?
Was it an admitted line ? It was so, because no
mortal man had ever called it in question. It had
been an understood line; it had been a claimed
line; and it had never been controverted by any
mortal man. Was it not, then,an admitted line?
This place is therefore in the jurisdiction de facto
of Monroe county to all inienrs and purposes?
There had been, never to this day, any line run
to call this in question. Neither by the Legisla-
ture of that State, nor by the cour' of Monroe
county, had anything been ever done to^disturb
this understanding. The general belief had con-
stantly remained unshaken; and Kanesviile ie^
mains a part of Monroe county yet.
Some attempts had been made to show that
Kanesviile was situated six miles north of Mon-
roe county. He demed that it was, so. The
attempt to show this* had been made in every way
but the right one. The proper course would have
been to run a line from the northwest corner of
Monroe county s due west, to the Missouri river.
This would have been the satisfactory, the only
evidence, by which the fact could have been estab-
lished. But see in what manner they did attempt
to prove it. In the fall of 1848, after the election
had taken place, the? get a Mr. Marsh to run a
connection line. Finding a line running some-
where, they do not follow that line, but they go to
Kanesviile, and run a line from that place into the
wilderness, to find the connection line; and after
finding a point, Mr. Marsh guesses it to be ri^ht.
A line was also run by Mr. Weller, and as these
connection lines run in such an irregular manner,
toey base the allegation that Kanesviile is six miles
north of Monroe county.
It had been contended that the commissioners
of Monroe county had no power to establish a
precinct in Kanesviile. It had been alleged that
the law of 1847 repealed the law of 1843, and
changed the county system into the township
and precinct system. He referred to the law, and
read a.section from it, to sustain him in his posi-
tion that it did not repeal the law of 1843.
The line was understood as including Kanes-
viile within the limits of Monroe county. If it
was wrong, that was not the fault of the voters.
Yet we are called on to destroy the franchise of
five hundred legal voters. Suppose a linehad been
run from the northwest corner of Monroe county
due west to the Missouri river, and that had been
found wrong: if it had been marked by metes and
bounds, and all had understood it at the time as
correct, and if afterwards it should have turned
out—after the election—to be wrong, would you
say that all the votes and acts, during the continu-
ance of this error, should be all invalid? The
county of Monroe claimed jurisdiction over Kanes-
viile, and exercised it. But it is said she had no
jurisdiction. Is it contended then, thatall the acts
of her public functionaries, since that wrong com-
menced, are to be considered as illegal and in-
valid ?
He put several other cases similar in their im-
port; and then went on to a passing and brief re-
view of the other points in the report, relating to
the -Boone township votes.
He glanced briefly at the reasons assigned by
Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, for changing the vote
which he gave in committee.
Some conversation took place at the close of
Mr. Van Dyke's remarks, in which Messrs.
McDONALD, STRONG, and VAN 'DYKE took
part, in relation to the line run in 1848 and in 184i).
The speech of Mr. Van Dyke could only be
partially heard, as he spoke from the Clerk's desk,
and his back was towards the reporter.
Mr. BURT said, that although this debate had
been conducted with much ability, he must do the
House the justice to say that he had never, since
he had been a member of this body, seen it so
utterly inattentive and indifferent to any debate
that had lasted through three days, as it had been
to this. He presumed that it arose from the fact
that the two report^ from the Committee on Elec-
tions set forth all the facts and arguments of the
case; and taking it for granted thattnembers would
have been more attentive if they had not made up
their minds upon the question, he felt it to be his
duty, in order to economize somewhat the time of
the House, to move the previous question.
Mr. STRONG addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Strong] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STRONG (the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Elections) was proceeding to address
the House, when
Mr. VAN DYKE called the gentleman to order,
that no remarks were in order—the previous
quession having been moved.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House his opinion upon the present state
of circumstances. A new point is raised under
the rules of the House. The rule giving to the
member of acommittee the right to open and close
the debate upon a measure reported by him, was
adopted during the last Congress. The question
arose, as will be recollected by the members of
the House, in Committee of thte Whole on the
state of the Union, in cases where debate had been
closed by order of the House, at what time the
member reporting should claim the ^loor to make
his concluding speech; and, after much discussion,
it was decided by the committee that the member
reporting a measure was entitled to make his
concluding speech after the debate had been
stopped by the rule of the House—otherwise the
member would be deprived of the privilege of
making the closing speech; he would not know
at what time to speak in conclusion, if he was re-
quired to do so before the time fixed by order of
the House for the close of the debate. It was
then held by the committee, that the member re-
porting a measure was entitled to make his clos-
ing speech after the time fixed by a resolution of
the House for the termination of the debate. By
parity of reasoning, by analogy, the Chair thinks
that the member reporting, where there is no de-
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (if there had been debate in this case,
the decision of the Chair would be otherwise,) is
entitled to make his closing speech, after the pre-
vious question has been moved in the House and
sustained—otherwise the member reporting never
can have the benefit of this rule. He has spoken
once; as long as any other member contests the
floor, the Chair must recognize the other mem-
bers, (thus the Chair a few minutes a^o recog-
nized the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Burt,] though the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Strong-] contested the floor with him.) If,
however, the member reporting had had the floor
and made his closing*speech, in case the previous
question was called afterwards and not sustained,
and the debate continued, the member reporting
would not have the privilege of making the con-
cluding speech.
Under these circumstances, the Chair is inclined
to think that the member reporting the measure is
entitled to make hi3 concluding speech after the
previous question is moved. But, as the Chair
has already stated, there is no precedent, no de-
cision; the question has never before arisen^since
the adoption of the rule. The Chair remembers
well, that when this rule was adopted he was a
member of the Committee on Rules; this point was
not discussed or thought of, that the Chair is aware
of, at that time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not rise to speak upon
that point; I am satisfied that the Speaker is per-
fectly correct. Somehow I had got the idea that
there w<>s a precedent justifying the decision; but
I rose to say, that as there has been an order of
the House permitting the sitting member and the
contestant to be heard, it seems to me that they
will enjoy that right, not under the rule, but by
the special order of the House. The previous
question, it is decided, would not cut the chairman
off, and 1 submit that they ought not to be cut off
by it.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House was
to allow the contestant, not the sitting member, to
be heard. The sitting member would have the
right to address the House, as a member, as any
other member has the right; and therefore such
an order would not be necessary in his case.
The CHAIR would hold that the contestant is
at liberty to address the House, and that this would
be the proper time to avail himself of that right, if
he desires, notwithstanding tne demand'for the
previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He did not at all concur with 1h&
gentleman from Ohio, in the opinion that the de-
cision of the Chair was correct. In his view it
was clearly wrong. The construction the Chair
had mentioned, which was given to the rule in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
was correct, viz: that after the time had arrived
for the close of debate by the order of the
House, the member reportin^the,measure should
be allowed one hour to close the debate. The
Chair held that rule, by analogy, to apply to the
House. He (lYIi\ S.) submitted that that decision
was a very important mno.vation upon the rules
of the House. How would it apply in ordinary
cases? A member would rise and offer a resolu-
tion and call the previous question; the previous
question being sustained, the mover or the reporter
of the resolution would be entuled to be heard one
hour, and every other member would be cut off.
This rule applied exclusively to debate in commit-
tee, and the decision of the committee he believed
was wise and correct. But they were now in the
