THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
cussing testimony now befor,e the committee, and
which had not been brought before the House.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order,
and stated the question to be, " Shall the decision
•of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?"
After a brief conversation between Mr. WHITE
and the SPEAKER,
Mr. SCHENCK was proceeding to debate the
appeal.
The SPEAKER, said the appeal was not de-
batable.
The question on the appeal was then taken, and
decided iti the affirmative—ayes 112; noes not
counted.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. SCHENCK referred to information in his
possession which, hesaid, would enable him to act
less in the dark than others who, under the decis-
ion of the Chair, were allowed to know nothing
of proceedings which had taken place in the com-
mittee. What was the proposition before the
House ? It was, that there should be a continuance
of this case (to use the language of the committee)
for an indefinite period of time, in order to allow
additional testimony to be taken. In this way the
House was asked to throw open the door to what
might turn out to be interminable delay in the
adjudication of the question. He, for one, was
not prepared to do so. The contest in this elec-
tion came from a State on the furthest western
extreme. Tfie first question to be determined was
the admissibility of the documents. The com-
mittee declared that they had determined nothing
beyond the admissibility of these documents.
Now, he would undertake to say, that, admitting
the testimony brought by the contestant, there
would be found to be a majority of one hundred and i
twenty votes in his favor. The sitting member i
now wanted delay. He desired that he might re- |
mam here in his seat an indefinite length of time, j
in order that further testimony might be taken, if j
he chose to take it. He (Mr. S.) thought he was j
not mistaken in regard to the present state of
things. Under these circumstances, when the
committee did not know how matters stood, appli-
cation was made that the time should be pro-
longed. Why was not the application made
weeks ago ? and by whom was it now made ? Did
the contestant ask more time? He (Mr. S.)
\vould venture to say that the fact was not so.
Who, then, did ask it? The sitting member.
Why? Not in respect to anything that had been
found out, because it appeared that the committee
had not looked at the papers; but he thought it
might be assumed that the sitting member had
discovered that he was not entitled to a ?eat in this
House. He (Mr. S.) was unwilling Ho believe
that there was anything like a trick in this. ^He
was sure that he might absolve the committee
from the suspicion of any such design. He hoped
that there was no such intention on ihe part of the
sitting member. There was, no doubt, a natural
anxiety on the part of that gentleman to continue
•the case so long as- it might be for his benefit to
do so. He might believe that, if delay was grant-
ed, he might be enabled to discover facts in relation
to particular votes, showing that they were illegal
—and that he might thus take away the majority
which the contestant would otherwise have. But,
it was for the House to see that the people of this
Congressional district of Iowa were not deprived
of their proper and rightful representative m this
House; and it was due to the House to know dis-
tinctly upon what state of facts this application
was made. By the decision which had just been
made, members were shut out from all opportu-
nity of knowing what the state of facts was. Vet
he would remind the House that, under the Par-
liamentary law, it was the privilege, the right, ot
every mem ber to go before the standing commit-
tees, and see what were the proceedings before
these committees. There was no such secrecy
known to the law in regard to the action ot the
committees; and, in a matter of this kind, it was
improper to act in the dark.
Mr. PECK raised the question of order on the
remarks of Mr. S. .
The SPEAKER ruled the remarks to be in
°r(Mr SCHENCK supposed, he said, that they
were clearly so. He was showing that, as the
House could not get at the state of facts before the
committee, it was necessarily thrown back upon
any other means of information which might be
open to it; that it had a right to look about, and
see whether it could not obtain information from
some other than the regular and legal source. The
House was asked to continue this case for an in-
definite time, without even knowing why it should
be continued at all. The report of the committee
was nothing more nor less than a proposition for
continuance without any reason having been as-
signed; and the House was required to respond
yea or nay, without knowing why the application
was made, upon whose investigation, upon that
account, or upon what state of facts.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Did the gentleman from
Ohio hear the remark of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, [Mr. Strong,] that both
parties in this case, the contestant and the sitting
member, had agreed to the resolution now under
discussion ? and if so, is there anything wrong in
continuing the case? Do not courts of justice
continue cases, as a matter of course, when both.
parties consent?
Mr. SCHENCK said he had not heard the
statement alluded to by the gentleman, nor would
it have mattered if he had heard it. He cared not
whether both parties came here and declared their
agreement to an indefinite continuance of the case,
or not. It would not alter the state of facts upon
which the House was called to act; and as hecould
not have these facts from the committee, he would
procure them from other sources. When he was
interrupted by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Kaufman,] he (Mr. S.) was about to remark that
the stale of the case would, he thought, be found
to be such as had been referred to by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Asiimux.] The i
contestant came here with certain documentary
evidence going to show that certain votes had been
given in his favor, and that evidence was certified j
in a particular way. The fiist question was on the
admissibility of that evidence, and the committee ;
had decided that the documents were such asto«
entitle them to be considered as evidence in the j
case. And there, so far as the committee were con- j
cerned, the case rested. Theyhadnot inquired any ;
further; but the fact was, that if the case were now j
to be tried, the conclusion could not be evaded that j
the contestant had been elected by about one hun-
dred and twenty majority. Just in this state of
things it was that application was made that the
case should be continued for an indefinite length of
time, the sitting member meanwhile remamirg here
in his seat, and the contesting member knocking
at the door for admission.
Mr. ASHMUN here interposed, and said he
was informed by the contestant that he had com-
pleted his case; that he was willing to rest it where
it now stood; and that delay had been asked for;
not by himself, but by the sitting member.
Mr. SCHENCK. Uhink that will be found to
be the state of facts.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Does the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] contend that the
case is to be decided upon the ex parte testimony of
the contestant, without an opportunity being af-
forded to the sitting member to obtain testimony ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No.
Mr. STANTON. Then will not your object
be attained by the introduction of an amendment
limiting the time for taking depositions?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is just what I was
contending for, but I will go a little further before
Mr. SACKETT. Did not the sitting member i
know before he left home that his seat would be j
contested ? ;
Mr. SCHENCK. He was not advised as to ]
the fact, but he presumed that the gentleman did
know. He presumed that notice had been given
to the sitting member that his seat would be con-
tested. At all events, he (Mr. S.) believed that
the ground upon which the seat would be contest-
ed was known throughout the country. If there
was any reasonable ground upon which the case
ought to be continued, any probable expectation
made apparent to the committee and to the
House that the sitting member could, by counter
testimony, show that all the votps which liad
been given for him had not been counted, there
might be reason for the continuing it. But the
House was not allowed to know what the facts
were. The committee had simply come here
moving a continuance, in order to take testimony
and see what further might be done by proof.
That was all right enough; but he asked whether
it was not also right that the House should know
for what reasons the application was made, so that
it might act advisedly and understandingly. "Was
that too much to ask? If the committee thought
that there was probable reason to believe that
further investigation would change the features of
the case, why should not the House know it?
But the House neither knew this to be so, nor was
any reason assigned, unless, as the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Kaufman] had intimated, for the
sufficient reason that both parties had agreed to
the continuance.
Mr. KAUFMAN (interposing.) And you set
yourself up as a bette,r guardian of the rights of
one-half the people of Iowa than their own rep-
resentative, whoever he may be, %vhether it be the
person claiming the seat or the sitting member.
Mr. SCHENCK (apparently not hearing the
remark) continued: The people of Iowa and this
House had something to say upon the subject.
And as there was nothing in the world to sustain
this application but the assent of the two parties
to the contest, he claimed that the House should
not be compelled to act without some light upon
the subject. He therefore proposed to submit a
different resolution. But ne thought that a still
better plan would be, that the report should be re-
committed to the Committee on Elections, with in-
structions to make a further report that the House
might act understandingly. He therefore made
the motion to re-commit, with instructions to report
the state of the case upon the proof now before
them, anil the reasons why it was proper, or (pro-
bably) necessary and right that a continuance
should be granted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said: A very
few words, it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, are ne-
cessary to place the point in question properly be-
fore the House. The Committee on Elections have
been presented with testimony on the part of the
contestant, which, it is assumed, shows him to be
entitled to the seat. The sitting member claims
the privilege of rebutting this testimony, and asks
"an opportunity to procure his evidence. The chair-
man of the committee, in reply to questions put to
him this morning, declares that his committee have
/ not yet investigated the effect of the testimony pro-
!( duced by the contestant. This was surely a very
j! proper determination; for who would contend that
thecommittee should undertake to decide the ques-
tion upon ex parte testimony ? But the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] not only finds fault with
the committee for not adjudging the case upon ex
parte eviderce, but he insists that the whole sub-
ject, in its present unfinished and unsatisfactory
condition, shall be brought into the House, and that
we shall do what the committee refuses to do-
decide the case upon ex parte testimony.
Mr. BAKER, (interrupting.) What does the
gentleman from Tennessee understand by "exparte
testimony" in this case?
Mr. STANTON. I understand by that expres-
sion, testimony offered by one party which the
other has had no opportunity to rebut. As to the
character or effect of the testimony now before the
committee, I profess to know absolutely nothing
except what has been stated here this morning.
And it is precisely because we have no accurate
knowledge of this evidence, that I objected to its
discussion in the early part of this debate.
The proposition of the gentleman from Ohio is
so obviously unjust, that the contestant himself
has not had the hardihood to claim such an advan-
tage. He has assented to the very reasonable and
usual demand of the sitting member to be permit-
ted to produce the testimony which he alleges to
be in his power. There is no tribunal on earth,
theie is no legislative body on the globe, which
would refuse such a demand. It would be cori-
S trary to all precedent, and subversive of the first
j principles of justice, as applicable to cases ot con-
1 tested elections.
But, sir, if there be any real apprehension that
there is a design, in any quarter, to take advantage
of this resolution to prolong indefinitely the time of
taking testimony, then I agree that a reasonable
limitation of the time ought to be made Yet I do
not propose to interfere in any way with theappro-
priate duties of the committee. They are more
than competent to perform those duties without
any advice from me. I merely say, that if a rea-
sonable limitation in the time be insisted on by
gentlemen on the other side, 1 will net oppose such
an amendment. I think it ought to be passed.
