218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
in addition to those which he had already made.
But there had been some remarks thrown out, in
the course of this discussion, which seemed to him
to require an answer. He confessed he had list-
ened with some surprise to the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] who had
ted off in this discussion, and who had seemed to
think that there was something in this matter which
required the particular attention of the House. He
recollected that at the first session tif the last Con-
gress a resolution precisely similar to the one now
offered for the consideration of the House, was
reported from the Committee of Elections, in the
case of Monroe t?s. Jackson—a committee the ma-
jority of whom were the political friends of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio. Although the
resolution contained no limitation as to the time
within which the depositions were to be returned,
it had called forth no animadversions from the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK (Mr. Strong yielding) said a
few words in explanation, which, from his turning
away from the reporter, were entirely lost at the
•desk at the Speaker's left.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, (Mr. Strong
further yielding) read an amendment which he de-
sired to propose, in order to meet the views of
gentlemen on both^sides ofthe House, which pro-
posed to limit the time to fifty days, within which
the depositions should be take/i and returned to the
House.
This, he said, would give both gentlemen—the
sitting member and the contestant—time to goto
Iowa, by their friends or attorneys, and collect
their testimony, and neither party would have
reason to complain of delay or of injustice.
Mr. STRONG (continuing) repeated thathewas
utterly unable to see any distinction between taking
depositions in the city of New York and in the
State of Iowa; nor could he see any reason why,
under the resolution adopted two years ago, there !
might not have been the same delay as the gentle- j
man from Ohio seemed to apprehend now. Why
could not the sitting member then have given notice
of ten days for each deposition successively, and
continued the contest till the close of the Con-
gress ?
But there was some other reason at the bottom
of this matter than those which had been submit-
ted to the House. It had originally been said at
the commencement of this discussion, that the
two parties had consented to all this arrangement—
that it was an understood matter between them—
that depositions must be taken in Iowa; and the
Committee on Elections were of the opinion that
depositions taken in Iowa were indispensable to
the proper adjudication of ihe case; and this very
clause, in reference to which the gentleman fiom
Kentucky [Mr. Thompson] had now spoken, was
■one in which the parties had agreed. And in order
that time might not be wasted, it was under-
stood that there was a gentleman in Iowa who was
the attorney of the sitting member, and upon
whom the notice could be served, thus avoiding
the waste of time which would be occasioned by
sending here to serve it upon the sitting member
himself.
Although no disposition was manifested, per-
haps, to cast censure upon the committee, yet
something had been thrown out by gentlemen
which required notice. It had been said that at
this late period, two mon'ths from the commence-
ment of the session, this committee had come into
the House and asked delay by the passage of this
resolution, in order to continue the sitting member j
in his seat. Now he did not believe the contest- I
ant himself had authorized any such assertion. !
The committee had been together aimost every j
day since its appointment. They had taken every I
step in their power to facilitate the investigation, |
and no,complaint of delay on the part of the com- j
mittee had been made, as far as he knew, either |
by the contestant or the sitting member. But j
how had the case stood when the political friends j
of the honorable gentleman fiom Ohio had con-
stituted a majority of this committee two years I
ago? Why, a similar resolution had not been of- j:
fered until January. At this session nearly one 'j
month had been^wasted in the organization of this !1
House, and at a much earlier period after the or- j|
gamzation had this resolution now been offered, |
than when at the last Congress it had been brought ji
to the notice of the House. He asked with what jj
justice it could be said or insinuated, that the com- 'i
mittee had dsired to delay action in this matter in
order to continue the sitting member in his seat?
But there, had been made another insinuation
(he would not say designedly, but as a necessary
inference by the word that had been used) which
he thought required attention. It had been claimed
that the sitting member desired delay. He deemed
it but just to him to say that it was an entire mis-
conception of tie facts of the case. It had already
appeared, in the course of this discussion, that at the
origin of this investigation, (immediately after the
issue was foimed,) it was an understood matter be-
tween the parties, that depositions must be taken in
Iowa; and then application had been made by the
contestant that the committee would, before the de-
positions were taken, examine his vouchers, and see
that they were admissible; and to accommodate the
contestant alone, the committee examined his vouch-
ers. He apprehended, therefore, that it came with a
very bad grace, either for the contestant himself,
or for any one who claimed to be his friend, to
say that the sitting member had been the cause of
the delay, when all the delay had arisen from the
contestant, who had asked them to adjudicate upon
the admissibility of his evidence.
But it had been said again by the gentleman
from Ohio, that the committee were now asking,
or the sitting member was asking, for a continu-
ance of the case, and the gentleman had assimi-
lated it to an application to court for a continuance
of the case after the trial had commenced. There
was no parallel between the cases. This was not
an application for a continuance. The trial had
not commenced. The first step to be taken was to
put the parties at issue. A preliminary proceeding
had been taken merely for the accommodation, of
the contestant, to see if his exhibits were admissible
iirevidence. The examination of the certificates of
his exhibits was all that had been done by the
committee. The parties now stood upon the issue
as formed, and to both of them he thought he
might be permitted to say, parol evidence was
indispensable.
Now, why should this matter be recommitted to
the Committee on Elections with the instructions
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio? Did any
one suppose that the House could act understand-
ing^ and do justice to both parties, upo# the evi-
dence as it now stood before the committee ? Did
any man suppose that there was anything in this
case that had not existed m the case of the con-
tested election from New York, that required a
special report from the committee? Did any man
suppose that m this way justice would be likely to
be done to the two contesting parties, by submitmg
to the House the evidence on one side, and waiting
a month or two before the rebutting evidence was
presented ? He apprehended that the report to the
House of such an imperfect abstract of the evi-
dence which was now before the tribunal appointed
to investigate the matter, would do injustice to one
or the other of the parties. _
In regard to the limitation of the time within
which the depositions were to be taken, he felt
that it was but just to the committed to say, that
had this matter been brought to their attention,
they no doubt would have consented to a reason-
able limitation of the time.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed with a word of ex-
planation, which wa3 entirely inaudible to the
reporter.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. S. further yielding the
floor) desired to state to his friend from Pennsyl-
vania and to the House, that both parties had au-
thorized him to say, that so far as the question of
time was concerned, a limitation of ninety days
would be acceptable to them.
Mr. STRONG (resuming) said he felt it to be due
to the committee to state, that neither of the parties
desired that any limitations should be made. Had
they asked it, he had no doubt but the committee
would have inserted sach a limitation m the reso-
lution. There was, therefore, no disposition on the
part of the committee unnecessarily to protract this
proceeding. Unless both parties had consented to
it, he should have thought it probably wrong to
haveinserted a limitation of time in the resolution.
But as both parties consented to ninety days, and
as seventy-five to ninety days seemed indispensa-
ble, if the gentleman from Ohio would so modify
his amendment as merely to provide that the tes-
timony should be returned to the House within
ninety days, for one, he (Mr. Strong) would
have no objection to the adoption of the amend-
ment, upon the ground that both parties agreed to
it. Upon any other ground he thought tlie adop-
tion of a limitation would cast an undeserved im-
putation upon both parties.
Mr. SCHENCK withdrew his motion to re-
commit with instructions, and moved to amend the
resolution by inserting the proposed limitation of
ninety days.
Mi. DISNEY sftid he should not have troubled
the House in relation to this matter had it not been
for the extremely anomalous proceedings in regard
to it. How stand the facts? A standing com-
mittee of this House, rcspectablc, &c., in point of
character, ability, &c., reports that in relation to a
most important matter confided to their care, they
are unable to form an opinion from the facts now
in their possession, and ask that the House will
furnish them with means to ascertain some further
facts. And certainly no request could be either
more natural or more reasonable. But how was
it met? Why, the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts and my colleague object, &c. And
there was some ingenuousness about the objections
and arguments of my colleague which, however
they may have been to the House, were to me re-
freshing. There was a touching simplicity about
his reasoning which commended itself to me. He
substantially demands, that because there is evi-
dence sufficient before the committee to indicate a
result, they shall act upon that evidence and de-
cide the case: not because such a decision would
be "in conformity with right—for I believe that my
colleague did not venture to assert that—butsimply
because it would be a decision ; not because the
decision would be right, but because it would put
the contestor in the seat, and put the sitting mem-
ber out; and lest, peradventure, a further inquiry
might reverse the judgment,and keep the contestor
out, and the sitting member in his seat. How
na'ivete was the suggestion, that if thecommitue
were permitted to inquire into all the facts con-
nected with the case, they might arrive at a differ-
ent conclusion from the one which they must n#w
arrive at, if compelled to decide upon the facts as
they now stand before them.
That my colleague should desire the ousting of
the sitting member, and the installation of the con-
testor into his seat, knowing him as I do, excites
no surprise in me at him; but his ingenuous con-
fessions, I confess, have amused me. But it really
would seem that those who desire to settle this
[ question, as reason and right demand, will hardly
| agree with such purposes as this.
I My colleague objects, and asks that the commit-
tee shall be compelled to decide wpon the facts as
they stand before them; or failing thus, he sub-
stantially asks the House to discharge the com-
mittee from the subject and to take the entire in-
vestigation into its own hands. I say substantially,
because to require the committee to report the facts
as they now stand before it, in order, as he phrases
it, that the House may determine whether further
facts should be ascertained, will be for the House
to enter at once upon the merits of the case, and
to do that for which committees were specially
created. Committees were invented for the very
purpose of exempting the House from the labor of
collecting and arranging facts. They were created
for the purpose of preparing questions for the
House, and the policy of this body in regard to
such committees is in precise conformity with the
original invention.
Is the House, then, prepared to abandon such a
salutary practice, and to take upon itself the labor
which it is the duty of a committee to perform?
Hardly, as I should think. Then let your com-
mittee have the means which they ask you to give,
that they may possess themselves of all the facts
which they may believe essential to a just and
right decision of the case. They ask what the un-
biassed and uninterested judgment of nearly every
man would give; and, for one, I trust that the
committee will be enabled to prepare the case as
they desire before they submit it to the decision of
the House.
Mr. BAYLY, remarking that this debate had
progressed until everybody had made up his mind
on the question, moved the previous question.
The question being fiist upon the proposed
amendment by Mr. Schenck, considerable conver-
sation followed as to the precise provision of this
amendment, and upon points of order.
Mr. SCHENCK reduced his amendment to
writing in the following form:
