IU2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJ5E.
June 28.
Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Rob-
inson, Rqss, Savage, Seddon, Richard H. Sianton, Strung,
Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Wallace,
Whittlesey, Wiidrick, Wood, and Young—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Baker. Bennett, Bok^e, Booth, Bowie, Biuck, Briggs, Bur-
row^ Burt, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Calvin, Campbell, Chandler, Clarkf, Clinpnan, Col-
cock, Cole, Conner, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Dis-
ney, Dixon, Doty7Dui)can, Durkee, Edmnnd>on, Alexander
'Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Giddirigs, Gihnore, Gott,
'Goul-i, GnnneH, Halloway, Hampton, Sampson W. Harris,
Hay, Raymond, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Andrew
Johnson, Jamf.s L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, George G. Kinsr, James G. King, John A. King, Pres-
ton King, Hoiace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McGnnghey, McKissock, McLanahaft, Finis E. McLean,
' Meacham, Moore, Morehead Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis,
Outlaw, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rohhiris,
Rockwell, Root, Runisey, Sackcit, Schenck, Sehermer-
born, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprague,
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens,Taylor, John B.Thompson,
Thiirman, Toombs, Turk, Underhtll, Van D>ke, Walden,
Waldo, Watkins, Weniwortb, White, Wilmot, Winthrop,
and Woodward—112.
So the House refused to ad journ.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
original resolution,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to lay the
whole subject on the table, and on that motion
asked the yeas and nays.
Great disorder.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether the effect of
a vote to lay on the table would not be to keep
Mr. Thompson in his seat?
Several Voices on the other side: " That's what
we want."
The SFEJAKER replied, that, if the whole sub-
ject was laid on the table, matters would not be
affected at all by the action of the House, and, in
the opinion of the Chair, Mr. Thompson would
•keep his seat.
The question being on laying the whole subject
on the table—
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a privileged question,
and asked if it was not competent for any gentle-
man, who had voted on either side on the adoption
of the amendment, to move to reconsider that vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. Jn
the opinion of the Chair, it would be the right only
of gentlemen who voted with Use prevailing side.
Mr. HOUSTON. Wiil the Speaker do us the
favor to move t<> reconsider? [Laughter.]
Mr. SAVAGE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. SCH ENCK asked for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SAVAGE withdrew the motion.
Great confusion and excitement.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday. •
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays on tha#
motion.
The SPEAKER propounded the question upon
ordering the yeas and nays, and having counted
the House, announced ayes 37, noes 143; and
that the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Telleis were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Evans, of Ohio, and Richardson were appointed.
The question was taken upon the motion of Mr.
Thompson and the tellers reported—ayes 91,
nces Wl.
Before the Speaker announced the vote—
Mr. ROOT rose to a point of order, and stated
that the Chair had announced the question of or-
dering the yeas and nays—ayes 37, noes J 43; ac-
cording to his arithmetic they were entitled to the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
correct in the statement he has made. The Chair
will state that he did announce the vote upon or-
dering the yeas and nays—ayes 37, noes 143; he
did not make the calculation himself, but that it
was done by one of the clerks, who misunder-
stood the affirmative vote, and supposing it to be
ayes 35, stated to him that the yeas anl\ nays
were not ordered, it was a mistake. One fifth
of the members present having voted in the affirm-
ative, the yeas and nays were ordered upon the
question.
Several Vgices. " It is too late."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. MORSE said he would appeal from the de-
cision.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman will have to ap-
peal from the Constitution, then, because that says
that the yeas and nays being demanded by one
fifth of the members present, the yeas and nays
shall be entered upon the Journal.
• Mr. WiLMQT, (in his seat.) Change the
•Constitution!
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew the motion.
Mr. JONES moved that the House do now
adjourn.
' Mr. WOODWARD renewed the motion to
adjourn to Monday.
Cries ofil Question, question," and much con-
fusion.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
said that no motion would be put until order was
restored.
A pause ensued.
Order having been in some degree restored—
The question being on the motion of Mr. Wood-
ward, '
Mr. P. KING asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES asked for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Bay and
McGaughey were appointed.
The question upon ordering the yeas a-nd nays
was taken, and the tellers reported, ayes 46.
Without count of the negatives—  
The SPEAKER announced that the yeas and
nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote resulted,
yeas 73, nays 107, as follow:
YJS AS—Messrs. A-die, Averett, Baker, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bokee, Bowdun, Bowie, tiowlin, Albert G. Brown,
Buel, E. C* Cabell, J. P. Caldwell, Caitter, Clingman, Col-
cock, Diinnnek, Disney, Edtnundson, Featherston, Gerry,
Gilrnote, Green, Hammond, S W. Harris, T. L. llarns,
Hammond, llibbard, floagland, Ilolladay, Holmes, Howaid,
Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kerr, Ld Sere, Job Maim, Mason,
McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McQueen, McWillie,
Millson, Moise, Ogle, Orr, Outlaw, Peaslee, Pnoeinx, Pot-
ter, Powell, Ros*, Savage, Schenck, Seddon, Silvester,
Stanly, R. H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Strong, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Toombs, Walden, Wallace,
Wellborn, Wood, and Woodward—73.
iNIAYd—Messrs. Alburlson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Bennett, Bingham, Bi>sell, Booth, Bojd, Breck,
Bngg*, Wiiham J. Brown, Burrows, Buit, Thomas B. But-
ler, Joseph Cable, G A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
('handler, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Coir, Conger, Corwin,
Crowe!!, Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Alexander Evans,Nathan Evans, Ewntg,
Pitch, Fowler, Fretdley, Giddings, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
H.illoway, Hai btn, I-J.iy, Ilehbard, Henry, Houston, Howe,
Andrew Johnson, Jones, Daniel p. Km«, GeorgeG. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston Kmg, Leffier, Lmle-
field, Hniaee Mann, Marshall, M.ut«*>on, McUau hey, Mc-
Kis^ock, McLanahari, F. E. McLean, Milief, Moore,
Mortis, NeNon, Newell, Olds, Otis, Peck, Pitman, Putnam,
Itet-d, llejnolds, Ri&loy, Bobbins, Kobwson, Rockwell, Iioot,
Runisey, Smkett, Seherinorbom, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
SpauidiHg, Spr.igue, Stetson, Sweeter, Taj lor, Thunnan,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Waldo, W.akins, Wcntvvorth,
White, Whittlesey, Wiidrick, Wilmot, Winthrop, and
Young—107.
So the House refused to adjourn to Monday.
The question recurring on the motion toadjourn, i
was taken and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propiiate committees :
By Mr. HAY: A petition from the Academy of Natural
Science* or Philadelphia, asking that a scientific corps be
attached to the commission appointed toiun the Mexican
boundary line, foi the purpose of investigating and reporting
upon the geology, botany, and zoology of the country to
be examitx d.
Bv Mr. McIjAjVAHAN. A remonstrance signed hv John
H. Beechci, and 51 others; also, one signed by David H.
Sutler, and '25 others, citizens of the State of Pennsylvania!
against the renewal of the patent gianted to Austin &
Zebulon Parker, lor alleged improvements upon reaction
water wherls.
By Mr. THURMAN: The petition of F. Ba«sett and
sixty other citizens of the town of Ohamplniri, Abbmgton
county, New York, asking Congress to so modify the rev-
enue law of 1846 a« to impose eptcific duties; also, a peti-
tion ot Daniel R, Wood and sixty other citizen* of Penn
Clinton county, New York, asking the same; also, the
petition of R. Heynorth and one hundred other citizens of
Penn, Clinton county, asking the same.
By Mr. ANDREWS: The petition of C. Fenton and 40
others, citizens of Crownpoint, New York, for the estab-
lishment nf an Agucuhural bureau.
By Mr. HALLOWAY : The memorial of George Rncers
of New York, offering lo the Congress of the United Stales'
for purchase, the painting by James Barns,ot the Apotheosis
ot George Washington.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 28, 18^.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating information,
called for by a resolution of the third instant, in
regard to the indemnity stipulated to be paid by
the Government of Pe?u to the Government of the
United States, pursuant to the modified Convention
of the 17th March, 1841, covering a communica-
tion from the Secretary of State, accompanied by
documents showing the sums paid by that Gov-
ernment to the agents appointed to receive the in-
stalments as they might fall due; which was read
and ordered to be printed, with the documents.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
enclosing a copy- of the report of thereconnoissance
of Lieutenant W. H. C Whiting, of a corps of
engineers of the western frontier ofTexas, with a
trace of the accompanying map, made in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of the 25th in -
stant*, which was rend, and the motion to print
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Also, a communication from the committee of
arrangements of the National Monument Society,
inviting the Vice President and members of the
Senate to unite in a celebration in honor of the
4th of July next, at Monument Place.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of citizens
of Armstrong county, in the State of Pennsylva-
nia, asking a modification of the tariff of 1846, set-
ting forth that the system of levying a uniform
duty according to the invoice or price of an arti-
cle in a foreign country, has proved fatal to all
those pursuits in this country in which labor con-
stitutes the major cost; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, memorials from citizens of Bucks county,
and from physicians of Montgomery county, in
the State of Pennsylvania, asking that the rank of
th*e medical officers of the navy may be assimilated
by law to that of officers of like grade in the medi-
cal department of the army; which were referred
to the Committee'on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
Leonard Scott & Co., and other .publishers of
peiiodicals in the city of New York, expressing
the hope that periodicals may not be overlooked m
any law which may be passed by Congress on the
subject of cheap postage, setting forth that they
regard any preference in (he postage rates given
to newspapers over periodicals as unjust, inexpe-
dient, and in many cases impracticable; unjust,
because both are alike essential to the people at
Jarge; inexpedient, because nothing would be
gained to the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment by any discouragement to either; and imprac-
ticable, because, by a little in^puity on the part
of publishers, periodicals of a certain size are
easily made tocomewithm the definition ofa news-
paper, and be taxed with newspaper postage only.
Mr. D. moved that the petition lie on the table, '
intimating his intention, wiien the bill came up
for consideration, to offer sundry amendments.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
Houston County Mcdical Association, of Georgia,
asking that the rank of the medical officers of the
navy'may be assimilated by law to that of officers
oflikegrade in the medical departmentofthe army;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a memowal of the Pres-
ident and Directors of the Georgetown College, in
the District of Columbia, asking that certain reai
estate held by them may be excluded from the cor-
porate limits of Georgetown; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of officers
and soldiers of the late war with Great Britain,
adopted at a meeting held at Mansfield, tn the State
of Ohio, asking that bounty lands may be granted
to the officers and soldiers that served in that war;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Minnesota Teiritory, asking a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a magnetic tele-
graph in that Territory; which wasrefeired to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of the
Eiie County Medical Society in the State of New
York, and a memorial of Austin Flint, and other
physicians, asking that the rank of the medical
officers ofthe navy may be assimilated to that of
officers of a like grade in the medical department
of the army; which fas referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
