1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
which I have derived when on the Committee of
Claims, from a cursory examination of the papers.
I am satisfied from what 1 have seen that the claim
is right.
It is the duty of this Government not to shut its
ears against claimants. Every citizen who has a
claim against the Government has a right to be
heard before the proper tribunal, in order that jus-
tice may be done. We ought not to hastily op-
pose that which has received the sanction of a
committee because a Senator differs from the com-
mittee. I think this claim is right and ought to be
granted.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, as a general
rule, I am willing to be guided by the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Kjng] in reference to subjects of
this kind, for the reason that he is generally very
accurate. But I am unwilling to go as far as he
has suggested. X understood the honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama to say that he was willing to let
this claim go back to the proper accounting officers
and be again adjudicated. I do not know that I
am in possession of all the facts of this case, but,
as far as I am in possession of them, my judgment
leads me to decide against it, and to oppose all le-
gislation that will look by possibility to any fur-
ther allowances to this individual. The first time
his claim was presented he received thirty-odd
thousand dollars. He, being dissatisfied with
that, applied to us, and we referred his claim to
the proper accounting officer—the Second Comp-
troller—to be adjudicated upon principles of equity |
and justice. That officer, as I understand, after I
examining the case, and understanding it thor- j
oughly, decided that there was really nothing due !
to Mr. Sibbal^. But the Secretary of the Treas- !
ury, having, of course, revisory power, made an |
order of an award of $22,000, which was directed i
to be paid to Mr. Sibbald. |
Now, if we are to legislate on this claim, and j
this gentleman insists upon a further allow- j
snce, I would propose that, before we act, we j
should have the report of the Second Comptroller. '
I think he made a report, in which he showed eon- ;
clusively that in the beginning this individual was
entitled to nothing. And it is admitted that he
lias already received over fifty thousand dollars.
Now, I do not undertake to say, that he had
not originally a good claim. Nor do I say that
thirty-odd thousand dollars was too much. But,
if my opinion be correct, the late allowance of
twentv-two thousad dollars, made by the fiat of
the Secretary of the Treasury, ought never to
have been paid. I am unwilling to refer this
question, either to a board, to an auditor, or to
anv other officer, so as to build up a claim for
any further allowance. I do not believe that this
case has merit or justice in it.
The hour having arrived for the consideration of
the special order—
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman withdraw
it so as to aliow me one single remark with regard
to the revisory power of the Secretary of the Treas--
ury ?
Mr. CLAY. If the gentleman will renew the
motion.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly. I wish to say but
a single word. The Senator from Indiana seems
to" suppose that the Comptroller had made an ad-
verse report on the subject, and that the $22,000
was paid by the mere fiat of the Secretary of the
Treasury. That is not so. The Secretary of the
Treasury did revise his report to some extent, but
not so as to give him $22,000. It was not by the
Secretary's merejiat that the $22,000 was paid—
not at all.
But it is time that I should redeem the pledge I
made to the Senator from Kentucky to renew his
motion. I must therefore move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BIEL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the admission of California as a State
into the Union, to establish territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Soule, offered on the 26th of June.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, resumed the re-
marks which he commenced yesterday, and ad-
dressed the Senate for an hour. He was followed
by Mr. SOULE, Mr. WEBSTER, Mr. DOUG-
LAS, and Mr. KING, of whose remarks a report
will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not rise
now for the purpose of entering into this discus-
sion, which has been so instructive to us for a long
time, and upon which has been expended so much
learning; but I am rather desirous at some time of
expressing my opinion upon this subject generally.
I do not propose to occupy a great deal of the time
of the Senate, but so much as is necessary to do
that I am desirous of occupying. I will proceed
at this time, or at another time that may be more
agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. Now would be exceedingly
agreeable.
" Mr. DAVIS. It is a late hour of the day, and
as there is a necessity for an executive session, I
move thru the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. WHTTCOMB. On that motion I call for
the veas ar.i^ nays.
Mr. HALE. Is it competent to move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business until the Senate has made some disposi-
tion of the business before it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
raise that point of order ?
Mr. HALE. I do, sir.
Mr. CLAY (to Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.)
Let the question be taken now on the amendment,
and yon can speak on Monday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Kentucky suggests that I had better address
the Senate on some future occasion. We have
been discussing this subject a long time, and 1 per-
ceive that there are evident signs that the discus-
sion is coming to a close. I desire to make a few
remarks, and, therefore, I do not wish to be shut
out from th^ discussion.
Mr. CLAY. For one, I shall be disposed to
give the Senator, or any other' gentleman, a full
opportunity of discussing generally the subject em-
braced in this bill. I have myself all along intend-
ed to make a speech on the close of the debate,
in reply to the arguments of gentlemen from time
to time on this measure; but, at this time, let the
question be taken on the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am quite
satisfied to take any course that will be agreeable
to the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. On the amendment I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, it was my de-
sire to have made some remarks upon the question
now pending; but, if it is the present desire of the
Senate to proceed to a vote, I will not obtrude my-
self upon the Senate.
The yeas and nays were then tak'en on Mr.
Sottt f.'s amendment, and were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, fiamwell, Berrien, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs Fonte,
Houston, Hunter, Knur, Mason, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian,
Soul*5. Tmnev, and Yulee—19
NAYS—Messrs. Badser, Baldwin, Bel', Benton, Brisht,
Ca«-s, Cha«e, Clarke, Clav, Cooper, Corwin. Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Day on, Dickinson. Dodijp of Wisconsin. Doug-
las, Felch, Greene, Hale, Harnlin, Jone«;, Miller, Nnrris,
Pearce, Vhe!p«, Pratt, Seward, Shields Smith, Sturgeon,
Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Webster, and Whit-
comb—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
is there now anv amendment pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no amend-
ment now nending.
Mr. BENTON. Is the Senator waiting for an
amendment to be offered?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. BENTON. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has no amendment to offer, I have one.
Mr, DAVIS. I have none.
Mr. BENTON. Then the bill is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I think I have
an amendment lying upon the table in relation to
the sum to be paid to Texas, specifying that for
the sum that may be paid she shall relinquish all
her public lands. I laid such an amendment on
the table for consideration; but it is not my pur-
pose to move it until the sum shall have been fixed
upon, because the propriety of the amendment
will depend upon the sum to be paid. If a large
sum be agreed upon, then I propose to offer the
amendment in that connection.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have already
stated, and I adhere to the purpose, that I do not
intend to propose to fill the blank in the bill until
it is on its third reading. On reaching that stage,
I will move to fill the blank with the amount to be
paid to Texas, and then the question will be open.
Such was the opinion of the committee.
Mr. DAYTON. May I ask, then, whether it
will be in order for me to offer my amendment at
that stage of the bill ?
Mr. CLAY. No, it will not
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
no amendment can be moved at that time without
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Rresident,
if there be 110 amendment pending, 1 do not propose
to submit any; but it would be agreeable to me to
make the remarks which I desire to offer, and to
proceed now or to-morrow, as the Senate may
prefer.
'Mr, FOOTE and other Senators. Now, now.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no; to morrow.
Mr. DAVIS then proceeded to address the Sen-
ate; and, having spoken an hour without conclu-
ding, he gave way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate now ad-
journ.
Mr. YULEE. 1 trust the Senator wall with-
draw the motion. I think it is necessary it should
go into executive business.
Mr. HALE. Then I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have risen merely
to express the hope that it will meet the general
concurrence of the Senate, on both sides of the
Chamber—and I have had a consultation with
seveial gentlemen opposed to the bill, and they
have concurred in the suggestion—that we should
now indicate a day when we shall decide the final
question on the engrossment of the bill. I hope
it may be agreeable to the Senate to take the ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the bill on Wednes-
day next. That will give us to-morrow and three
other days for discussion.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I do not know
whether any other gentlemen desire to address the
Senate. But I have not yet said anything on the
subject since the bill has been reported, and I wish
to say something on the suhject. I should not
like to be restricted by the understanding that at
so early a day the Senate should come to a final
decision. I am very reluctant to ask the Senate
to defer anything for me, for I do not know that
I shall say any thing which will be of any very
great advantage to the country, or that I shall state
my views very much at large upon this subject.
But I shall be afraid, if the time for a final decis-
ion be fixed at such an early day as Wednesday
next, that neither I nor other gentlemen who de-
sire to address the Senate will have sufficient time
to express themselves as fully as they should" de-
sire.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I had supposed
there were four or five gentlemen who wished to
speak on this subject. In fact, I myself wish to
speak for an hour and a half or tvvo hours, by way
of general reply to what has been urged. But if
Wednesday be too early a day. I would suggest
Thursday next as a proper day on which to have
the bill engrossed. There would be great pro-
priety in taking the vote on that day. There will
be an understanding, 1 hope, that the question on
engrossment will be taken on Wednesday next,
unless the Senator from Tennessee, or some other
Senator, desires to be heard.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It would not be well to
fix Thursday, for the Senate may not sit on that
day.
Mr. BELL. I do not wish to obtrude myself
on the indulgence of the Senate. They need not
do anything particularly for my benefit.
.Mr. YULEE submitted the following as an
amendment, which he will hereafter offer:
At the end of the 37th section and the following:
"That citizen* of the Unwed Staffs emigrating with their
slaves into the Territory of Utah, or ot N'ew Mnxieo, shall
be protected in their property in Mich slaves, so long as they
continue under teintoriai governments.5'
On motion by Mr. YULEE, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and afte/ some time spent therein, the doors Were
reopened and the Senate adjourned.
