1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
be informed by the Speaker what the order of
business was—whether it was in order to call the
Stares for resolutions, or whether resolutions gen-
erally were iri order?
The SPEAKER said that neither was in order.
The business next in order would be the consider-
ation of resolutions heretofore offered, calling upon
the Departments for information, and which had
been laid over under the rule.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of Mr. Bayly, that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL expressed the hope that the
motion would be withdrawn for a moment, in order
that a certain resolution, heretofore introduced by
him, (when the'States had been cailed for reso-
lutions,) might be taken up and acted upon,
The motion was not withdrawn.
And the question being still on that motion—
Mr. VINTON said he believed that there were
a number of Executive communications on the
Speaker's table, and he would suggest whether it
would not be better to clear the table, so that the
business might be before the regular committees.
After that had been done, the House could resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. If that object, suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] can be ac-
complished, I shall readily waive my motion. Bat
unanimous consent will be required.
The, SPEAKER said unanimous consent would
be required to proceed to the consideration of that
business before the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I shall object
to taking up these communications out of their
regular order, because it will take an hour to call
the committees for reports.
The SPEAKER. The committees have all
been called for reports.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and was decided in the negative with-
out a division.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of resolutions which
had heretofore been introduced and had been laid
over by the rule.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
And the first in the order of these resolutions,
was the following, heretofore offered by Mr.
Marshall :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to this House,in a tabular form—
L The total amount of hemp annually purchased for the
use of the American navv, by order of ihe Navy Depart-
ment, since the first of January, 1841, the pnccs paid, and
the dates and place* of purchase; and further, to show in
said table the proportion of foreign hemp to that of Ameri-
can crowth and preparation so purchased annually, and the
prices for each, respectively.
2 To report to this House the results of any experiments
upon the comparative strength of foreurn hemp and Ameri-
can water-rolled hemp, winch ha\e been made under direc-
tion, oi reported to the Navy Department, within the same
period.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, inquired wheth-
er it wrs in order to move tin amendment?
The SPEAKER having replied in the affirma-
tlVMr. STANTON offered the following amend-
ment as a substitute for the original resolution:
Resolved, That thP-Seeierory of the Navy be requested to
inform tins Ilou.,o what step* were taken by the Depart-
ment ui pursuance oi the jmul ro-oltilKin o! k,4l. top
2ur" d'miA.l,c h atei-lotted hemp lor the n-e of the U.nted
States Navv, and the le.Milt in detail of the proceeding
under said resolution AKn.toeonllliunieate a specific state-
ment of the qtianlily ol domestic watei-rottedIhtnip^>i -
chased by the XJepattineiit, or Us agent-, 101 t, e u*e ot ti e
U lied Stales navv, since the 9th ot September, 1841, to
the present tone; the names of the persons from whom sa d
hemp was puiehased, the price paid for each lot iind the
amount thereof: and, if known, the Slate or . tales of tl
Union in w hie h the same was grown. AI o, the qiwi llty ot
foreign hemp purchased for the same P«'«d 01 ^
<?-mie nuino«e, and the aveiace price paid therefor in eac h
Vcarl AIM., the step- taken by the Oepar'm.Mit
.hn obioet ol the joint lesolution of He 9th of Ma} ,
'the aveiase price paid therefor in each
■p- taken by the Departraeuttncarryjiuto
effect the object ol the joint lesolution of i he!)lh olC ft'la ,
Jt48, " respeetms conuacts tor hemp for the 'lue ol in
American navywhether any adve.ti-ernen « a, made for
nrmv><* U under said lesolution ; what uuin were man , y
whom, lor what quantity of hemp, l">a al ™ '"..Kc.s
wheth r «aid bills, if anv, were accepted, and connacu
made in pursuance tl.e.cof; and if not, reasons 11 de-
tail whv «<iid contracts were not made; and if any ord< rs
iiave been given during the past year to suspend the pur-
chase of domestic water-rotted hemp for the use of the
navy of the United States, the reason why such orders were
given. Also, to furms>h this House with copies of any and'
all reports which may have been made to the Department
from the national rope-walk at Boston, Massachusetts, du-
ring the period above-named, respecting the comparative
strength and value of American and foreign hemp; and also,
the result of similar tests which have been made at the
Louisville, Kentucky, and St. Louis, Missouri, hemp, agen-
cies, during the same period.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said: My ob-
ject in offering ihe amendment to the resolution of
my colleague, [Mr. Marshall,] is not to super-
sede the inquiry which he proposes, to the extent
it goes, but to enlarge the scope of the inquiry,
and embrace information which does not seem to
be contemplated by his resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL said, that the only reluctance
he felt to adopting the amendment ol his colleague
was, that it called upon the Department for detailed
information, which he did not consider it necessary
to embrace m the resolution. He briefly referred
to the character of the information cailed for by
the amendment. He considered it unessential to
the object to be attained, and such as would tend
to render burdensome the call contemplated by the
original proposition.
Mr. MOREHBAD declared himself indiffer-
ent as to which of the propositions was adopted,
though he thought that both of them called for
infohnation which was important. The inform-
ation sought for by the amendment he regarded
as of great importance in enabling Congress to
come to a conclusion how it should pioceed m rela-
tion to this matter. He referred to some ot the
results of the contracts heretofore made, as demon-
strating the necessity of obtaining all the informa-
tion that could be procured.
Mr. HARALSON called for the reading of the
resolution and amendment, which were again read.
Mr. MARSHALL bnelly pointed out the differ-
ence m the character of the information called lor
by his resolution and that called for by the amend-
ment of his colleague. He hoped the House would
not adopt the amendment. His colleague might
offer it as a separate resolution.
Mr. HALL briefly sustained the amendment,
believing its adoption to be proper and desuable.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not know that 1 distinctly
understand my colleague [Mr. Marshali/] as in-
tending to charge me with a design to make war
upon the Secretary of the Navy. But my fuends
who surround me so understood him.
Mr. MARSHALL disclaimed having made any
such remark. He had said that if his colleague's
object was to go into the reasons of the Secretary
for not receiving the hemp, he (Mr. M.) could see
no reason why that proposition should be thrown
upon his. He did not tiunk it properly belonged
10 Mr. STANTON (continuing.) My colleague
disclaims any intention to charge me with such a
design. The gentlemen who surround me assure
me he was so understood here. I intended, sir, to
have said to him and this House, that I came here
to make war upon no man, but to promote, as far
as 1 was able, the just interests of my constituents.
The matter under consideration is one in which the
constituents of both my colleague and myself feel
a deep interest. I am determined, with the approval ,
of this House, to obtain 'that information if it is
possible to do so.
My honorable colleague has fallen into the error
of supposing, that the only information asked by
my amendment, which is not embraced by the
original resolution, is that part of the inquiry
winch requires the Secretary to report ttoe several
States of the Union m which the domestic hemp
purchased for the use of the navy, wab grown.
He implies too, sir, that this mfoimation is not
only not important, but cannot be had. I differ
from him in this opinion, and believe the inform-
ation important as well as practicable. 1 under-
stand, that for the last several yeais, the Depart-
ment has had agents located at Louisville, in my
own State, and at SdintLouis, Missouri, who have
made purchases of the hemp of American growth
used in the navy. They have doubtless kept
records of their purchases, and the information,
it is reasonable to expect, is in the possession of
the Department.
But, sir, this is the least of the information asked
for by my amendment, and not embraced in the
resolution of my colleague. He cannot have failed
to noticc, that my amendment requires the Secre-
tary to report the proceedings of the Department,
under the joint resolutions of 1841 and 1848, and
not asked for by my colleague. These joint reso-
lutions were intended to promote in this country
the culture of a peculiar description of hemp,
known as the " water-rotted," and to provide for
its use and consumption by the American navy.
This object is one, sir, in which my constituents
feel a deep interest, and there is great reason to be-
lieve, that great injustice has been done them by
the action of the Department under these resolu-
tions. That they may be placed in possession of
all the facts, and know the reason why the letter
and spirit of those resolutions which, if carried
out in good faith, would have inured greatly to
their interest, were not puisued in the action of
the Department I have offered the amendment,
and trust, sir, that the House wilt adopt it.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and, by yeas 104, nays 64, was decided m the af-
firmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And then the resolution, as thus amended, was
adopted.
Mr. BAYLY said that, anxious to get on with
the regular business of the House, he would move
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said, that the
best way to get on with the business was to pro-
ceed with it in the order in which the rules of the
House prescribed that it should be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. STANLY desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether any order of the House had been
made in ielation to printing the message of the
President of the United States communicated in
answer to the Califorma Calhoun resolution ?
The SPEAKER. There has been no action by
the House on that question. . It is the first qui s-
tion in order when the House shall proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speakers table.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly] will
waive his motion, to allow that matter to be dis-
posed of.
Mr. BAYLY said, he hoped that by general
acquiescence it might be disposed of.
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, suggested, that
1 message could easily be react.ed, without deten-
! tion, by pursuing the course of business marked
out by the rule. By proceeding, at the expiration
of the morning hour, to the consjderation of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, that message would
come up as the first business in order.
The SPEAKER said that objeciion being made,
the suggestion of the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Stanly] could not be entertained. The
next business in order would be the resolution
which the Clerk would read, and which had here- •
tofore been laid over by the rule.
Mr. STANLY said he begged the pardon of the
Chair; but he had dhderstood that the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had waived the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that he (Mr. S.) held the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did waive
his motion for the purpose of enabling the House,
by unanimous consent, to proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table. Butthe
Chair had understood the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] as objecting to this course as out
of order, and unanimous consent will be required
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The conversation ended.
THE ISLAND OV TIGRE.
The first business in order was the following
resolution, heietofore offered by Mr. Savage, and
which had been laid over by the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States bp ro-
speatuih requited iocommunicate to the House (provided
the publication iheieof be not prejudicial to the public m-
teie-t) all such infoimatiort as nia> he within the krnnvh d„,
of U. Ex 'cunve Department relative to the allied ex-
traordinary proceedings of the Kngl^h Government in the
lorcihte seizure and occupation oi tiie Island of ^jgj®,
the Slate ot Nicaragua, Central Amenta. Also, aH fact ,
circumstance*, or communications within the knowledge of
' the Executive relative to any seizure, occupation, oi at-
! tempted seizure or occupation, by the-English Govtnnn.-nt
| of any poitj river, town, territory, or island belonging to or
claimed bv, any of the States ot Central Amenca. Aho,
! ,|mt iie be requested to communicate to this Hou*e (it not
I incompatible with the public interest) alt treuies not hero-
♦ofoie published, which may have boen negotiated with any
j of the States of Central America, by any person acting by
