1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 29, 1850.
The Journal was read.
Mr. McLANAHAN asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files the papers of Thomas
B. Miller.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a privileged ques-
tion, and stated that he had yesterday moved to lay
the contested election case on the table. He could
appeal, if it were necessary, to his friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr Inge,] who happened to be near him
at. the time, and heard his motion. The fact was
not so stated on the Journal.
The SPEAKER said, that he distinctly recol-
lected to have heard the gentleman from Illinois
nearest his Chair [Mr. Harris] make the motion,
and the fact was so entered.
Mr. McCLgRNAND acquiesced in this expla-
nation and the conversation dropped.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BURT. I believe the first business in or-
der is the contested-election case ?
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order. „
Mr. BURT. Then I call for the order.
Mr. HAMMOND desired to makea report from
the Committee on Engraving, which he said he
believed to be m order.
The SPEAKER stated that the report would
not be in order pending the question of privilege—
the contested election.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
unanimous consent to take up a few Senate bills
from the Speakei's table, for the purpose of refer-
etlMr. PRESTON KING objected.
Mr. BURT desired to say to the gentlemen from
Mississippi and to the House, that as soon as this
contested election should be disposed of he 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by general consent.
Mr. PRESTON KING. Then I call the gen- \
tieman from South Carolina to order.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to any
conversation or discussion.
CONTESTED ELECTION—IOWA.
Mr. William Thompson, sitting member.
Mr. Daniel P. Miller, contestant.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the further consideration of the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Elections in
the above case.
The resolution declares that Mr. Thompson is
entitled to the seat he now holds, from the first
congressional district of Iowa.
Pending the consideration of this resolution,
Mr. Harris, of Illinois, had last evening moved
that the whole subject be laid on the tabic; and
the question was first upon the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired if it was in
order to move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER replied that it was not—the
main question having been ordered to be put.
Mr. HARRIS. I move, then, that the House
adjourn; and I call the yeas and nays, for the ex-
press purpose of getting members together.
The yeas and nays were ordered", and, being ta-
ken, -were yeas 15, nays 182.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question reeurrwg on the motion to lay the
whole subject on the table—
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote resulted—
yeas 93, nays 103; as follow:
YEAS—Me^rs. A1brit>on, A^Iih, Averett, Bav, Railv,
Beale„ Bissell, Booth, Bmvdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G.
Brown, William J Brown, Bud, Burt, Joseph Cable, G.
A. Caldwell, Canter, VV. il. VV. Cobb, Coicock, Daniel,
DtrvwnK'k, Doty, Dunham, EdmumUori, Bwmg, Feather-
ston, Fitch. Gerrv, Gorman, Green, Halt. Hammond, Har-
lan, Islmm G. Harris, Sam W. Hirn«, Thomas L.
Hams, Htbbard, Holladay, Howard, Hubbatd, Inge, Joseph
W. Jackson. Robert W. Johnson, Junes, Julian, La Sere,
Letfior, fjittfefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, MoLauahan, Mc&ueen. McWilhe,
Meade, Milicr, Million, Morris, Mor*.e, Old-, On, Peasl^e,
Peck. Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbms, Robin-
son, Ross, Savage, riaivtelle, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Shamou, Strong, Sweeper, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Jairn'S Thompson, Vrmable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Wcntworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wiimot,
Wood, and Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston,, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Breck, Brigas,
Burrow, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joceph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clineman,
Cole, Conger, Conrad, Croweil, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon,
Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan J3van*, Fowler.
£reed ey, Gentry, Giddings, Gotf, Gould, Griunell, Hallo-
way, Hamilton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Honrv, Hilliard,
Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Kerr,
Darnel P. King, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Preston King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
MeGaughey, McKfeeock, Finis E. McLean, McMullen,
Meaeham, Moore, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw.
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Root,
Rumsey, Sacketf, Schenck, Sehermerhom, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Sbepperd, Silvester, Spiulilmg, Sprague, Staulv,
Alexander H. Stephen*, Thaddeus Stevens, J. B. Thomp-
son, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Und^rlult, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Watkrns, White, Williams, Winthrop, and Wood-
ward—103.
[Several gentleman, when their names were
called declined to vote, stating; that they had paired
off, viz: Mr. Goodenow with his colleague, Mr.
Fuller, who was obliged to be absent: Mr. Cor-
win with his colleague, Mr. Hoagland; Mr. Ham-
ilton with hts colleague, Mr. Bowie; Mr. Stet-
son with Mr. Ashmun; Mr. McLanb with a gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Phoenix,] who had
paired off for Mr. McL.'s convenience, the latter
having been detained from his seat for several
days by indisposition in his family.]
Mr. DISNEY (having responded to his name)
stated that he had voted through inadvertence,
having paired off with a gentleman; and desired to
withdraw his vote.
No objection being made—
Mr. DISNEY was allowed to withdraw his
vote.
The SPEA KER announced the vote (as above)
—yeas 93, nays 103.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
The question recurring on agreeing to the reso-
lution by Mr. Strong, reported from the Com-
mittee on Elections—
Mr. McDONALD moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is not in order to postpone after the mam
question has been ordered to be now put.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That William Thompson is entitled to the scat
m this House which lie now holds as the Representative
from the lirst congressional district of Iowa.
The question being on its adoption—
Mr. COLE asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 94, nays 102; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albeitson, As he, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bir^elJ, Booth, Bowdon, Bovvhii, Boyd, Albert G.
Brown, W. J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, G. A. Cald-
well, Carrier, W. R. W. Cobb, Coicock, Daniel, Dimnnck,
Doty, Dunham, Edmundson, Evvmg, Feather*tou, Fiten,
Gerry, Got man, Gietn. Hall, Hammond,Harlan, I.G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L, Harris, Hibbard, HolLuiaj,
Howard, Hubbard, lnjje, J. W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, L.i Sere, Letfier, Little-
field, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDow-
ell, McLanahan, Mi Queen, McWillie, Meade, Miller,
Millson. Morns. Morse, Olds, Oir, Pea>lee, Pock, Phel; s,
Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robbing Robinson, Ro-s, Sav-
age, Savvtelle, F. P. Stanton, R. H. tetanton,Strong, jSweet-
&er, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Jume-> Tnomp^on, Vena-
hie, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth,
Whittle<ey, Wildrick, Wiimot, Wood and Young—94.
NAYS-w\le- r>. Alexander, Allen, Andeison, Andrews,
Baker, Be.'iiett, Bingham, JBokee, Bi<jek, Brjgg-j, Burrows,
Chester Butler, T. B. Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Chngman, Cole, Conger,
Conrad, Croweil, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, i->ur-
kee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, K/eedlev,
Unit. Omild. GnnnelL HaMovvav. Hamil-
ton
Houston
King, Ge
ion King, Horace Maun, Marshall, Matte^on, MtGauyhey.
McKis-soek, Finis E. McLean, Mrarham. Moore, More-
head, Nelson, Newell, Oh!'1, Oris, Outlaw. Pitman,Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley. Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, sSackeu,
iSehenck, fchermerhorn, richOoietau, Seddon, c>heppeid,
Silve-tet, Spaulduifi, Sprague, Sranlv. A. H. Stephens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taj lor, John B. Thompson, Tnurman,
Toombs, Tuck, Undeihill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Watkins,
White, Williams, Winthrop, and Woodward—102.
[Mr. CABELL, of Florida, declined to vote,
having paired off with Mr. Gilmore.]
So the resolution declaring the sitting member,
Mr. Thompson, entitled to ins seat, was rejected.
Mr. MoGAUGHEY addressed the Speaker, and
was recognized.
He said he had risen for the purpose of offering
i a resolution, which he hoped would meet the con-
currence of every member of the House.
[Cries of u Read the resolution !" " Send it up
i to be read."]
Great disorder and excitement. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
will suspend until order is restored and members
have resumed their -seats. ' -v
Mr. HALL. Is it in order for the gentleman
to make a speech ?
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. McGaughey] has been recognized, ami he
proposes to offer a resolution. The Chair has re-
quested him to suspend on account of thedisordher
in the House. If the gentleifian transcends the
limits of order, the Chair will call him to order..
Mr. McGATJGHEY began to read the resolu-
tion, but he was heard but by very few member%
owing to the indistinctness of his voice and the
noise in the Hall.
The SPEAKER called the House to order
again, and requested the gentleman from Indiana
to suspend.
A pause ensued.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
will proceed.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. X desire to accompany
this resolution with a few remarks, which I think
will satisfy every gentleman on this floor that——
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to rise to -a
point of order,and to object jto thegentleman from
Indiana proceeding until the resolution he pro-
posed to offer was reported and it was ascertained
to be a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER requested Mr. McGattghet to
send up the resolution to the Chair.
The resolution was sent up and read, as fol-
lows:
Rpcolrpd, That a vacancy exists in the representation in
thu House from the first congressional district of the State
of Iowa, and that ihe Speaker be requested to notify the
Governor of t=aid State thereof.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
was on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. McGAUGHEY. I wish to state that I
am not a volunteer to offer this resolution. I am
a member of the Committee on Elections, and
what I do here I do with the full consent and con-
currence of the gentleman who, with the sitting
member, is the most deeply interested in this elec-
tion. The first thing that that gentleman—the
contestant—did before the Committee on Elec- '
tions, was to propose to the sitting member that
this election should be referred back to the people.
Mr. CARTTER rose to a point of order, and
inquiied if it was in order to give the private bi-
ography of this contestant? j ^
Mr. RICHARDSON made the point that no
debate was in order upon this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
debate is in order.
Mr. HIBBARD rose to a point of order, and
submitted that it was not in order for the gentle-
man to allude to what had taken place in commit-
tee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesitation
in repeating what he has often said before upon
this point, that it is improper for gentlemen to
allude to anything that has transpired in the com-
mittees.
Mr. JONES inquired if this was a question of
privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. BURT, i desire to ask of the Chair, for
the information of the House, whether the result
of the votes upon the two propositions reported
from the Committee on Elections is not of itself
that there is a vacancy, and whether it is not usuai
for the Speaker of this House, in similar cases,
to inform the proper authority in Iowa of that
fact? I remember that it was done in the case of
the contested election from New York, and that
no resolution whatever was adopted.
The SPEAKER. Upon reference to the Journal
it appears that no resolution was adopted in the
New York case; but at the same time the Chair
thinks the House can adopt this resolution if they
think proper.
Mr. BURT. My point of order, then, is, that
the resolution is not matter of privilege, and I ob-
ject to its introduction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
the resolution as a question of privilege, and there-
fore overrules the point of order. . ,
Mr. McCLERNAND. I understand when;thi?
subject >yvas taken up, it was taken up injurs,uance
of a special order appointing a day for its consider-
ation. Since that time the reports^ t&e majority
