222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
authority from the Tate Administration, or under the auspices
of the present Executive.
Mr. BAYLY, (to the Speaker). My motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union was not withdrawn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bayly.) if the gentle-
man insists on his motion, it takes precedence
over the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClerna.nd,] to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. H1LLIARD. Do I understand that the mo-
tion to refer is withdrawn ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have withdrawn it.
Mr. HILL1ARD. I renew it.
[Some cries : "Vote it down."]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he de-
sired to say a single word. He did not understand
why the resolution should he referred to the Com-
mitiee on Foreign Affairs. It was a matter in
which a call was made for information. The
gentleman from Tennessee, who offered the reso-
lution, desired certain information not to be found
in the documents, and he (Mr. T.) did not sup-
pose that the Committee on Foreign Affairs could
furnish that information. It would be altogether
nugatory, therefore, to send it to that committee.
Mr. HILLIARD said he would state his rea-
son for the motion he had made. It was well
known that the information called for by the
resolution related to an affair which was now in
the process of investigation between the Minister
of Great Britain and our own Secretary of State.
It was impropei 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed
with the remark, that the resolution was accom-
panied with the reservation, usual in calls of this
character, that the information be^ communicated
if not prejudicial to the public interests.
Mr. HILLIARD said, that that fact did not
make it more proper to agitate a matter which was
now a subject of negotiation—of great delicacy, if
not of great difficulty. By referring the resolu-
tion, the committee could inquire whether its char-
acter was such that it ought to pass and go to the
President, and they would repoit the result of their
deliberation to this House. He hoped the refer-
ence would be made.
Mr. INGE said, he thought it was entirely
proper that the resolution should pass. The sub-
ject was one of considerable interest. The House
desired the information, and the resolution was
simply a call for it. The objections raised by his
colleague [Mr. Hilliard] he (Mr. I.) thought
were not well founded. If the Executive should
think that the transmission of this information
would disturb the pending pegotiations, he could
decline to send it. Mr. I. moved the previous
question.
Mr. HOUSTON asked him to withdraw it, to
enable him (Mr. H.) to make a few remaiks.
Mr. INGE. I cannot. I am anxious to get at
other business.
Mr. HOUSTON said, he would renew the mo-
tion.
Mr. INGE persisted in his motion.
Mr. H1LLIARD inquired of the Speaker what
the effect of the previous question would be?
Would it cut off the motion to refer?
The SPEAKER said, in the opinion of the
Chair, it would not, but would bring the House
to a direct vote, first, on the motion to refer.
Mr. HOUSTON again appealed to Mr. Inge.
Mr. INGE declined to withdraw, remarking,
that if the call for the previous question did not
meet the sense of the House, it could be voted
down, and the resolution would then be open- to
debate.
And the question having been taken, there was
a second to the demand for the previous question;
and the main question (betng fiisf on the motion
to refer the resolution to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs) was ordered, and being taken, the
affirmative vote was announced as 85.
Mr. SAVAGE and Mr. INGE demanded the
■yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. INGB was understood to say, that to refer
the resolution would be to make a final disposition
of it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 94; nays 101, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashinun, Baker, Bokee, Breek, Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Builer, £. C. Cabell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ger, Conrad, Corwin, Crovvell, Deherry, Dickey, Dixon,
Duncan, Alexander Evans; Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, GrinneH, Halloway,
Hay, Hayiuond, Hebard, Henry, Hilhard, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. King,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann,
Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, F. E. McLean, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell, Rose, Saekett,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcralt, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spalding, Sprague* Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Thad.
Stevens, Ta\lor, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Underhill,
Van Dvke, Vinton, Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and
Winrhrop—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Bingham,
Bissell, Bocock, Booth, Bovvdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Duel, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Caiter, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Dan-
iel, Dirmnirk, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ewing,
Featherston, Fuel), Fuller,*Gtrry, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Hammond, Harakon, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hiobard, Hoaglarid, Holi-
day, Howaid, Hubbard, Inge, Andiew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La S6ie,
Leifler, Liulefitld, Job Mann, Marshall, Mas-on, McCler-
nand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. Mc-
Lane, McMullen, McQueen, McWiIhe, Miller, Million,
Morris, Morse, OhN, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Piielps,
Potter, Richardson, Robbins, Rolnn.-on, Root, Ros>, Savage, i
Sawteile, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stet- \
son, Strong, Sweet&er, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, William
Thompson, Venable, Wald^n, Waldo, Wallace,, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, and Young—101.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the adoption of the resolution, and was decided in
the affirmative, without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
CALIFORNIA aND NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, in relation to California
and New Mexico. There is a motion pending to
print, and to refer to the Committee on the Terri-
tories. There is also a motion pending to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and upon this question the previous ques-
tion had been demanded.
Mr. WHITE inquired of the Speaker, whether
the motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state ot the Union was coupled with a mo-
tion to print?
The SPEAKER said that the motion to print
was considered as attaching to both the motions of
reference.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded—ayes 95, noes not counted.
And the main question (being first on the mo-
tion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to print) was ordered
to be now taken.
Mr. STANLY asked the yeas and nays, be-
cause, he said, he thought the message ought to
go to the Committee on the Tenitones.
Mr. BAYLY. That will delay action.
Mr. STANLY. No, sir. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union is forever talk-
ing and doing nothing. The Committee on Ter-
ritories ought to act upon this matter, and make
their leponto the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired of the Speaker
which motion took precedence?
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. BOYD rose to inquire whether a matter
to lay on the table would not take precedence of a
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. BOYD moved that the 'message be laid
upon the table, and printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN raised the point of order,
whether this motion was in order after the previ-
ous question had been sustained.
The SPEAKER. According to the universal
practice, so far as the Chair is informed, the mo-
tion is in order.
[A message, in writing, was received from the
President ot the United States, by the hands of
Colonel Bliss, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. CLINGMAN withdrew his objection, he
said.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be, first,
on the motion to lay on the table, and to print.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays. -
Mr. BOYD. Iam indifferent about the motion.
I withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
So the motion to lay on the table was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the motion tb
refer the message to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and to print it.
A division of the question was asked and or-
dered.
And the question was taken, first, on the motion
to print—and the printing was ordered.
The SPEAKER then put to the House the de-
mand made by Mr.Stanly,for the yeas and naya
on the question of reference; arid they were or-
dered, and being taken, were—y'eas 192, nays 73,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Ashe, Averett, Ba-
ker, Bay, Bayly, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd,
Albert G. Brown, W.J. Brown, Buel. Burt, Joseph Cable,
G A. Caldwell, Campbell, Carter, Cleveland, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Conger, Conrad, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney,
Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ewmg, Featherston, Fucli, Freed-
ley, Full< r, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gilmore, Green, Hall,
Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Hariis, Hibbard, Hilhard, Hoagland,
Holluiay, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman,
Preston King, La S6re, Lelfler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mar-
shall, Mason, McClernnnd, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Gauahey, Mi-Lanahan, Robert M. MeLane, F. E. McLean,
McMullen, McQueen, McWilhe, Miller, MilJson, Moore,
Morns, Morse, Morton, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Parker,
Pea«lee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robbins, Rob-
inson, Root, Ross, Savage, Sawteile, Schenck, Fredf-rick
P.Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stet-
son, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, William Thompson, Venable, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, Wihnot, Wood, and Young—1*22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Bokee, Breck, Briggs, Brook*, Burrows, C. Butler,
Thomas B. Butler, E. C.Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Casey, Chandler, Clark, Chngman, Corwin, Crowell, De-
berrv, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan, Alexandei Evans, Nathan
Evans. Fowler, Goodenow. Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Halloway,
Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Jackson,
Ken, D. P. Kins;, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann, M.itteson. MoKUsock, Morehead,
Nehon, Oiis, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Ro<e, Rumsey, Saekett, Schermerhorn,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Spragu#, Stanly, Alexander
II. Stephens, Taylor, Underbill, Van Dyke, White, Wilson,
and Woodward—73.
And so the message was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that ten thousand extra
copies be printed.
The motion was referied to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER suggested that there were a
large number of Executive communications on the
Speaker's table, which it would be well to lay be-
fore the House.
The suggestion having been accepted by the
House, the Speaker laid before it the following
Executive communications, viz:
A communication from the President of the
United States, which was read as follows.
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit to the House of Representatives a
copy of the convention between the United States
and his Majesty the Emperor of Brazil, providing
for the satisfaction of claims of citizens of the
United States against the Brazilian Government,
signed at Rio de Janeiro on the 27th of January
last, and the ratifications of which were exchanged
m this city on the 18th instant. It is desirable that
Congress should prescribe the mode in which the
claims referred to aie to be adjusted,and themoney
stipulated to be paid by Brazil shall be distributed
amongst the claimants. Extracts from the dis-
patches of the minister of the United States at Rio
de Janeiro, and a copy of a letter from an agent of
the claimants, are also herewith communicated, to
which your attention is invited. I have authorized
our minister to demand, receive, and give acquit-
tances for the amount payable by Brazil, and have
caused him to be instructed to remit the same to
the Treasurer of the United States.
Z. TAYLOR.
Washington, January 23, 1850.
On motion, the message was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
II. Also, a communication from the War De-
