MS'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
June 29,
order. He asked if it was not in order t% move
to suspend the rules to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union at any time if
the majority of the House chose to do so ?
The SPEAKER replied, that as long as the spe-
cial order was pending it took precederfce of a mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Onion. Unless the special order was
postponed, the Chair had decided that it was not
in order to move to go into Committee of the
Whole_on the state of the Union.
The question recurring on the motion to post-
pone the consideration of the special order for two
weeks—
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the House ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
' Mr. WILLIAMS withdrew the motion.
Mr. VENABLE renewed it.
The yeas and nays were again asked and or-
dered, and being taken were—yeas 83, nays
109.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion to post-
pone
Mr. PRESTON KING withdrew the motion, to
submit a single remark. He wished to remind the
House that, at the time when they assigned a day
for the consideration of the Galphin claim, it was
supposed, and eodeclared, that the timefixed would
be a period beyond the time when the House
should have acted upon the California question.
[Cries of" Order !"]
Mr. KING. 1 move to postpone the consider-
ation of the Galphin matter to two weeks from
Tuesday next, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for tellers; I hope the
House will not agree to the motion.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Toombs.) The yeas
and nays have been asked.
Mr. BURT moved to" amend the motion of Mr.
Kino, so as to postpone the consideration of the
Galpliin report to Monday next.
Mr. TOOMBS, i have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on
• the amendment of Mr. Bukt.
Mr. JOiNES. Does it not require a two-thirds
vote to postpone a special order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks riot.
Mr. JONES. It takes two thirds to make a
special order.
The SPEAKER. But when it is once before
the House its fui ther consideration can be post-
poned to a day ccrtam by a majoiity vote.
Mr. N ELSON rose to a question of order, and
inquired if the question would not be first upon
the longest time ?
The SPEAKER replied that the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boot] being
m the nature of an amendment, the rule referred
to by the gentleman from JNew York did not, in
the opinion of the Chair, apply in this case.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Uuht,
Mr. PilESrON IvING asked the yeari and
nays.
Mr. BINGHAM asked for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo and
Caldwell, of North Carolina, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 28, noes 110; one fifth of the members present
voting in the affirmative.
fcio ihe yeas and nays were ordered.
Pending the question—
On motion by Mr. ASHE, by yeas 95, nays 86,
The House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule,and referred to the appropriate committee :
Ky Mr. FULL.KR: Tlie petition of James -C. Swan and
56 ollierij, praying that the town of Calais, Mttme, may be
made a port ol entry.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 29, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ates communication from the Department of State
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 10th instant, directing the Secretary of
State to inform the Senate whether under existing
treaties of the United States with the Peruvian
Government the citizens of the United States are
placed upon an equal footing with the subjects of
other countries in the guano trade, and where no
such treaty stipulation exists, whether there i  any
obstacle to such treaty stipulations being effected
with the Government of Peru as would place the
citizens of the United States on an equal footing
with the citizens or subjects of other States in
regard to that trade. The Secretary of State com-
municates copies of all the correspondence on file
in the department in relation to the subject, and
says that he is not-aware of any instances in which
the Peruvian Government has refused to citizens
of the United States the privileges secured under
the treaty of 1836, or that citizens or subjects of
any other nation who are consumers of guano ob-
tain it at a lower price than the agriculturists of
the United States in consequence of any discrimi-
nations in their favor by the Government of Peru;
that it is apprehended that it will not be competent
for that Government to enter into any new treaty
stipulations with the Government of the United
States which might have a tendency to diminish
the price of guano in this country, until the Peru-
vian regulations in respect to the export of that
article should be changed; that those regulations
have hitherto been based upon loans of money at
a high interest to that Government by European
capitalists, in consideration of the exclusive right
to export guano to all foreign markets.
Mr. PRATT. I believe there is no necessity
to read that paper. I have examined it carefully.
It relates to the commercial monopoly which ex-
ists in the importation ol guauo. The report is
one of great interest to the agricultuial communi-
ty, and 1 ask the Senate to allow some extra copies
to be printed, so that the agricultural societies
throughout the Union may be furnished with
copies. I move that one thousand extra copies
be printed.
It was ordered that it be printed for the use of
the Senate, and that one thousand additional copies
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Post Office De-
partment, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 31st of January last, directing
information to be furnished to the Senate touching
the time required in the transportation of the mails
between New York and New Orleans during the
year 1849, and the number of failures on said
route during the year.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That it hf on the table, and tile motion to print
wa& rotened to the Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SMITH pir.sented the memorial of Edward
Gioen, late collector of the port of Alexandria,
Virginia, asking to be allowed additional compen-
sation, which was referred to the Committee on
the 3 udioiary.
Mr. WALES presented a petition of ripens of
Stanton and its vicinity, m the State of Delaware,
asking that the bill known as the compromise bill,
reported from the Committee of Thirteen, may be
speedily passed; which was ordered to lie on the
table,
Mr. CASS presented a petition from Benjamin
Carter, a revolutionary soldier, asking to be al-
lowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
BALTIMORE RESOLUTIONS ON THE COM-
PROMISE.
Mr. PEARCE presented the proceedings of a
meeting; held in the city of Baltimore, in favor of
the plan of adjustment recommended by the select
committee of thirteen for the settlement of the sla-
very question; and the resolutions were read, as
follow:
Whereas a spirit of dissension and discord ha* invaded
the halls of Congress, which has not on)> distracted the
public councils and retarded independable legislation, hut
ivlueh, it' not aea-onably appealed, Ihie.itens to bring about
<m alienation of Uio-c fraternal reijaids which alone can
keep united tin* hitherto prosperous and happy Con-
federacy :
And whereas with a view to reconcile conflicting opin-
ions, a committee of di-tingut^hcd statesmen, selected
irrespectively of* pait\, have reported to the Senate of the
United States a bill, commonly known as the compromise
oi adjustment bill, winch, whilst it maintains the exclusive
view- of wither of the parties into which that august body
is now unhappily divided, in a ju«t fpirit of patriotic for-
bearance and conce>sion yields something to each :
And whereas said bill, by the moderation and liberality
of it  provisions, has commended itself to the almost undi-
vided approbation of this community, and it is deemed
proper, in a crisis so imminent, that Congress should not
remain ignorant of this state of public opinion :
Therefore; be it resoled, That, in the judgment of this
meeting, the immediate passage of the bili referred 10 is im-
peratively demanded by every consideration of patriotic
prudence; that its prompt adoption will go far to reconcile
existing differences, which, if suffered much longer to pre-
vail, it may well be apprehended, will fester into a fearful
acrimony, endangering the peace, if not the union of the
States.
Jind be it further resolved, That whilst indisposed to
question the motives of ibose who have fell it incumbent
on them, in the discharge of their public duties, to throw
obstacles in the way ol the propo.-ed adjustment, this
meeting cannot withhold from the sagacious and patriotic
statesmen by whom u has been sustained, the expres>io 
of its most cordial and grateful approbation.
vSnd be it further resolved, That the officers of this meet-
ing be authorized to transmit to each ol the Senators and
Representatives of Maryland, in Congress, a copy of these
resolutions, with a lequest that they may be hud before
their respective branches of tbu Fedeial Legislature.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the
table.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day under the ruie:
Rewired, That the Committee on Commprre consider
and report on the expediency of instituting a survey, by topo-
graphical engineers of the United States, of the banks of the
Mit-siasippi river subject to overflow, for tho purpose of as-
certaining an effectual mode of preventing the injury of
inundations by the construction of neees&ary embankments
and canals.
REDUCTION OF THE DAVY.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted by
him on the STth instant, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire and report to the Senate whether there
may not, without detriment to the public interest, be a pros-
pective diminution of the nuinbe of the commissioned of-
ficers of the navy ol the United States.
NEW MEXICO-
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate took up
for consideration the following: resolution, submit-
ted by him on the 27th instant:
Resolved, That tho Committee oil Military Affairs be in-
stiucted to inquire mto tho expediency ot pioliibitmg by
law any officer of the army fiom assuming 01 exercising,
within the limits of the United State*, any civil power or
authority not confeired by an act of Congress, and of pro-
viding an adequate punishment for such ofleuce*.
Mr. PRATT. The resolution of the honorable
Senator is prospective exclusively in its action and
effect. Now, if the officer to whom it was in-
tended to have reference, has, without authority
by law, or instructions from the Executive—
which I understand is the case—been guilty of the
offence of proclaiming himself civil governor of
one of the Territories of this Union, and has, of his
own authority, attempted to organize a govern-
ment there, 1 think the inquiry should go further,
and that the committee should report whether
there are no means by which that officer can be
punished for such an offence, 1 merely make
the suggestion.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have no objection
whatever to any change in this resolution, or to
any addition to it which may be desired, so as to
make it as broad in the scope of its inquiry as any
member may wish. There is no act for the pun-
ishment of such an olfence in our military code.
The rules and articles of war were originally
enacted during our revolutionary struggle, and
they are now substantially what they were then.
They neither foresee such an offence nor provide
for its punishment. I presume it never occurred
to the framers of that code, that an officer of the
American army would assume the high functions
of civil government, the appointment of all ofticets,
the direction of public affairs, and would summon
the people together by his own authority, to form
a State constitution and government. Like the
lawgivers of fntiquity, not believing the offence
possible, they neither provided for its prevention
nor its punishment. Who could have supposed
that, m this day and in this country, such a spec-
tacle of military asumption would have been ex-
hibited? While the questions arising out of our
Mexican cessions &re occupying the hearts and
thoughts of the American people, and engaging
the attention of their Government; while, indeed,
they have been the great subject of consideration
during seven months of the session, presenting
embarrassments never before known to our his-
tory, suddenly an officer of the army appears m
New Mexico, and, cutting the"Gordmn knot'*
we have been unable to untie, summons the peo-
ple of New Mexico to form a State constitution,
and apply for admission into the Union. He
