1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
casts aside or disregards all the difficulties which
have so long perplexed us—the question of num-
bers, of raced, of moral and intellectual condition,
and of an unsettled boundary—and in true military
.style, marches directly to his object. Well, sir, if
we are prepared for this, we are prepared for any
assumption of military authority which any offi-
cer of the army may choose to take upon himself,
from a brevet second lieutenant to the commanding
general. The official title of this officer, as an-
nounced by himself, is "civil and military gov-
ernor of New Mexico." It reminds us of the
palmiest days of Napoleon, when military rule
swallowed up every other rule; bnt at this day an
officer who should assume thus to act in France
would retain his commission only till the facts of
the case should reach the Government.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to the
passage of this resolution; but it strikes me, to say
the least, as exceedingly strange in its scope, and
object, and character. It relates to the conduct of
a military officer. I believe that there are rules
and articles of war by which every possible offence
that can be committed by an officer of this char-
acter can be tried, and for which he can be pun-
ished. 1 believe, also, there is a power of impeach-
ment which can reach such offenders. At the
same time it is to be borne in mind, that what is
alleged to be an assumption on the part of the
governor-of New Mexico, is not a novel transac-
tion. The United States find themselves in a very
extraordinary and peculiar situation in regard to
the riewly-acquiied territories. Congress failed
to make any provision for their government. Some
government mus-t exist there. There is a military
government residing in the hands of the Execu-
tive, which has been exercised by a subordinate
military officer" in California, as in New Mexico.
It was an inevitable consequence of the conquest of
these territories by armed power, and its continu-
ance until civil power shall be in some way estab-
lished, isequally inevitable. We have failed, and
therefore it continues. I believe no one com-
plained—no steps were taken to correct a supposed
evil, when the governor of California assumed
the execution and discharge of civil duties. The
assumption was regarded as a consequence, a ne-
cessary consequence, of the investment of military
authority, or else there would be an interregnum
not to be endured. It was maintained under a
previous Administration, it was maintained and
acquiesced in with regard to California. The
governor of New Mexico has done just what was
done by the governor of California—no more, no
less. And wmlst I am perfectly willing that the
subject shall go to the consideration of the com-
mittee, and that we shall have an oppoitunity to
examine it on the report of-that committee, 1 am
not willing, for one, to imply by my silence, that
I deem there has been anything in the conduct
of the governor of New Mexico deserving of
censure.
Mr. CASS. I have not the slightest wish to
prolong this discussion. 1 did not suppose that a
single member of Congress, in this or the other
wing of the Capitol, would object to such an in-
quiry; and therefore, on its introduction, I did not
say a woid m its explanation or support. I really
thought that to do so would be to insult the patri-
otism and wisdom of the Senate. I am now com-
pelled, however, to notice some of the observations
of the Senator from New York, (Mr. Seward,)
which seem to me exceedingly misplaced. The
Senator, if 1 understood him, said that the military
code punishes ail military offences—meaning, 1
suppose, that either this is not a military offence,
or that there is an adequate punishment already to
be found for it. But 1 have before said, sir, that
an act like this is a casus omissus in the penal code
of our army, and I repeat that I do not suppose
that it ever occurred to the framers of that code ;
that an officer would convert himself into a civil
and military governor, and assume the highest
functions of government over extensive districts of
country. The Senator says the Executive has
power to bring to punishment all military offences.
Mr. President, we have a much safer security
against the abuse of power than is to be found in
the disposition of any Executive; and thatsecuiity
is in the jealous guardianship of their own liberties
by the American people, and in the vigilant action
of their representatives on the first appearance ot
an attempt to violate them. I defy that -Senator
or any other to put his finger upon that clause of
the Constitution or of the laws which justifies, in
the remotest degree, these startling proceedings in
New Mexico. With respect to California, the pro-
ceedings there were just as destitute of all real au-
thority as those in New Mexico. The proclamation
of General Riley, so far as respect^ any valid effect,
was justas mucha piece of waste paper as is that
of Colonel .Monroe. So far as it becomes a prece-
dent, it has already produced its legitimate fruit;
and how much further these military assumptions
may go, unless checked by our interposition, the
most cursory examination of the history of other
nations will easily teach us.
The Senator from New York has referred to my
views, and stated his own, in relation to the right
of American citizens to establish a government for
themselves, where none is established for them by
competent authority. They have both the right
and the ability to do this. I am not going to argue
the question with any man, at this time and m
this country, as to this right of providing a gov-
ernment, and thus providing for the existence of
life, liberty, and all the elements of social order.
If the paramount government, when there is one,
do this, m the discharge of its proper duty, all is
well; if they do not, the people must take the
matter into their own hands, and they would stand
justified in the eyes of God and man. And I am
as little disposed to enter into any argument re-
specting the capacity of the American people thus,
by their own action, to provide for the very first
wants of society. All experience has shown their
power to do this. Prom the days when qur an-
cestors landed on the rock of Plymouth and the
beach of Jamestown, we have gone on making
governments wherever they were wanted, neither
asking nor permitting any military interposition
It is the first time in our history that the sword
has been thrown into the scale, and the people have
been taught by military authority what they ought
to do.
This state of things demands prompt and imme-
diate action on our part. There is a first step in
everything. When Ccesar paused upon the Rubi-
con, contemplating his own fate and the destiny
of Rome, he had already prepared for his enter-
prise by a long series of measures looking to his
own aggrandizement and his country's overthrow.
His first step had been taken long before.
With respect to California, { say aerain that
General Riley had not the slightest legal authority
for what h6 did in summoning the people of that
country to meet in convention. This whole pro-
ceeding was a mere assumption of power, and as
such not to be justified. But the presen tease is even
stronger than that. Congressis now in session, and
isaxiously occupied with the discussion of all the
topics ansinsr out of this great subject—and this was
perfectly well known to the officer who undertakes
to supersede our action by an action of his own.
The political and geographical questions connected
with New Mexico are far more difficult than those
which affected California. The population of
the latter was larger than that of some of the
States of the Union. It was composed in a great
degree of American citizens, as able to conduct
their own affairs as the fellow-citizens they had
left behind them; and there was no vexed question
of boundary, as there was no conterminous State
with which they could interfere. But the situa-
tion of New Mexico is entirely different. The
amount of her population capable of conducting
a State Government, is represented as far inferior
to that of any State ever admitted into the Union;
and their moral and intellectual condition is repre-
sented to be such as would necessarily render our
action very cautious in such a grave question.
And, besides these difficulties, there is still another,
growing out of the disputed boundary, with
Texas. How it is possible to create a State Gov-
ernment in New Mexico, whose authority should
extend east of the Rio Grande, without (he pre-
vious adjustment of this boundary flme, 1 do not
see. If we undertake to include the people eastof
that river within the population out of which the
State is to be formed, we decide by that very act,
so far as we can decide, that Texas hes no claim
to extend her limits to the Rio Grande; and thus
we attempt to settle a question entirely beyond
our jurisdiction. Now, all this, this military offi-
cer has decided, and, in effect, has arrested the ac-
tion of Congress, and superseded it by his own.
Mr. SEWARD. I am still at a loss to perceive
the difference between the case of New Mexico
and that of California. Congre&a, ft is true, is now
in session; but Congress had been in session-for
two terms, for the whole period of the 30th Con-
gress, and had been occupied with the subject of
providing a government for California as.well aS
New Mexico; and it was only during a recess of
Congress that the people of California assembled
and sent here a constitution. The whole differ-,
ence, then, is, that Congress was actually in ses-
sion in the one case, and had adjourned or taken a
recess in the other. It is six in the one case and
half a dozen in the other. The principle is pre-
cisely the same. The Senator from Michigan
says that it is the right of the people, whether ten
or ten thousand, to assemble, without a previous
law, to form a Government—so 1 understand him.
He says there must be a beginning somewhere.
I agree that it is their right to assemble, as they
have once assembled; and I believe that nobody
complained of it when they assembled in New
Mexico, and, by their convention, sent here an
application for the establishment of a territorial
government. Nobody objected to that application.*
It went for nothing, it amounted to nothing, un-
less sanctioned by Congress. That is precisely
what will happen in this case. The holding of
another convention, and the framing of a constitu-
tion, are conditional, preliminary acts, inchoate
acts, acts of no validity or force until sanctioned
by Congress. Now, if the people have tha£ .right
to assemble to frame a constitution, which the
honorable Senator concedes that they have, how
is the transaction affected by the fact that the offi-
cer in charge of the territory, under commaSl of
the President of the United States, sanctioned that
proceeding? If good without his interference, it
is none the worse for his assent and approbation.
He had the sanction of the precedent which had
gone before in the ease of California, arid I hold
that he was*justifiecLby the precedent. With re-
gard to the danger of such a transaction, it amounts
simply to this: The military governor of a terri-
tory of the United States, instead of opposing the
desire of the people to establish a constitution and
procure admission into the -Union, favors it; in-
stead of insisting upon continuing the exercise
of military power, he favors that constitutional,
proper, and usual method by which the military
is relieved from further power, and the people, m
the customary form prescribed by the Consututicai,
assume it to themselves. 1 see in this no cause of
censure. The analogy to the passing of the Ru-
bicon will be applicable when the military-gov-
ernor of the territory, or the prefect, comes home
to the Capitol, followed by his army, arid proceeds
to expel the Senate or the Congress, and to sub-
vert the Constitution; but it strikes me as a strange
misapplication of that transaction, so memorable
in history, to apply it to a military governor who
resigns his power altogether to the people, favors
the establishment by them of a constitutional gov-
ernment, and thus reduces himself from the rank
and power of a prefect, to the rank of private citi-
zenship.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have but a few
words to add, and then T will leave the subject to
the Senate, and with perfect confidence in their de-
cision. The Senator from New York [Mr. Sew-
ard] seeks to justify this civil and military gov-
ernor, as he calls himself, on the ground that his
acts have been done in a good way, and for a good
object. Now, sir, I am not to be driven from my
purpose by any such reasoning. It is the very
reasoning adopted by the defenders of despotism
in all ages of the world. Have you not, they say,
agood government—a paternal government—under
which you are happy and prosperous? And who
would exchange the right of self-government, and
subject themselves to despotic authority, because
the despot, in the chance of events, happens not to
be as bad a one as is sometimes seen ? It is the
principle involved in this subject which renders it
so important. It is the total want of authority,
from beginning to end. This officer had no more
right to issue thaVproelamation than he had to is-
sue one to the people of Virginia, calling them to-
gether to elect a king. And are we to be driven
fiom necessary inquiry, and proper legislative
measures to prevent the renewal of such a mon-
strous military assumption, by the assertion that
this power was exercised for a good P^rPose«
Away with such a doctrine! A.large potuon of
the abuses that have afflicted the world -hate had
their origin in such a source. / >"
