m9
1HB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
Willi respect to California, I repeat that the pro-
ceedings of General Riley were absolutely void
frojti beginning to end; and no man here will ven-
ture to s$y they were not. But so far as respects
tfee practical result in the formation of a constitu-
tion, that is a different question. That result does
not depend .in the least possible degree upon the
measures of General Riley. The people came to-
gether; ami all that was then done, was done by
their authority. They formed their constitution,
adopted it, and now present themselves for admis-
sion into the Union.
its the Senator from New York seems to have
misunderstood my views, I will repeat that any
portion of our people have a right, when left with-
out a government—thrown like a waif upon the
great political sirand—have a right to establish
one, for themselves; and ihis is a point from which
I am not to be driven, and which I don't intend to
aigue with any one. But I am far from saying or
Ik lievin^r that m every such case they have a right
to form a State government, and to claim admis-
sion into the Union. That must depend upon the
circumstances of their position, political, moral,
and geographical, and upon the ultimate views of
Congress. Certainly, with the information now
before me, I believe that a territorial government is
the proper one for New Mexico, and that until the
difficulties I have'already enumerated are removed,
wqgcannot admit her into the Union. What sub-
sequent information may bring about, I don't un-
deitake to say.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President—
Mr. FOOTE. I believe, sir, that 1 am entitled to
the floor, but i will yield it with great pleasure to
the Senator from Texas, provided I can do so with-
out waiving my own light to it; if not I'wish to
proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
suppose there is any power of transfer of the right
to the floor, if the Senator does not claim it for
himself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. We will hear
the Senator afterwards.
Mr. POOTE. Very well then; I yield the floor
to the Senator from Texas.
Mr. HALE. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Texas, before he proceeds to address the
Senate, I will offer the following amendment to the
resolution. 1 have no wish to say a word on it my-
self:
"And that this said committee also inquire whether, at any
time since Hie coininencemf,nt ol the I .te war wiih Mexico,
any orders have been d by tins, or llie preceding A(l-
mirii-tration, cnnf'-rring civil authority upon any officer of
the army of tile Untied Stales, to be exerci-ed vvifhout the
iiimis of the several States ol the Union, and it so, by wihuii
and to whom, and by virtue of what laws were said orders
issutd."
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not vote for the
amendment, sir. I am perfectly willing to con-
cede that orders were given, while we were in a
state of war with Mexico, for the occupation of
territories, and perhaps of States, by military
forces, and that, of course 'heir people were sub-
jected to martial law. But, at the same time,
while I concede that the circumstances of the case
fully authorized the occupation of this territory,
at that time, by the authorities of the United States,
and that it was necessary for the proper conduct
of the war against the enemy, f hold that this was
not the case in a time of prolourid pejte. During
the war, the State authorities weie riot in a situa-
tionto give that security and protection to the cit-
izens that they were previously enabled to do, and
which the United States was then bound to do, and
under the circumstances a considerable portion of
the State of Texas was occupied by the forces of
the United States, and placed under military gov-
ernment. California was also organized, and a
military officer appointed its civil governor for
temporary purposes. And this not during a time
of peace, but during the war. I presume that no
gentleman will insist here that the present crisis is
one that will authorize the exercise over these ter-
ritories of that military authority which is the re-
sult of necessity in time of war.*
If, sir, these acts were thus excusable, or if I
could see with the Senator from New York lhat
there was nothing unreasonable in them, then I
might content myself with the expression of a re-
gret that they had occurred. But 1 do not see
wiih him, and, therefore, I have no such regret to
express. And for an outrage so flagrant, commit- i
ted on the rights of a State, 1 seek for no apology, ]
and wish to find no palliative or excuse, because
it may give encouragement to future aggressions
that will lead to the destruction of the rights of the
States, and of the Confederacy itself. Under these
circumstances, I am bound at once to meet the oc-
casion. By what authority, I ask, and under
what sanction of constitutional law, has the Exec-
utive of the United States authorized a subordinate
officer, within the limits of a sovereign State, to
convoke the citizens by military authority to form
a constitution within the limits of, that State, and
to present it to this body; and this at a time, too,
of all others, when such a course was most calcu-
lated to produce unwholesome and unpleasant ef-
fects upon the condition of the Union? And for
what? To effectuate a plan which has been pro-
jected by the Executive for the carrying out of
measures endeared to him because of his claims to
their paternity. Sir, this is no apology to a sover-**
eign State for an outrage committed upon her
—no palliation for offences against the Constitu-
tion—and will not be so received by the American
people. 1 know our correctives, and a resort to
impeachment is one. But when was a culprit ever
brought to condign punishment by impeachment?
It is but a solemn farce, and furnishes no reme-
dy. Then, if the officer here is arrested, can he
be punished for the offence perpetrated in obe-
dience lo the orders of his superior officer? No,
sir, martial law has wisely shielded him, and
though arraigned, he cannot be punished if lie has
the warrant of his superior officer for what he has
done. It is necessary, then, to ascertain whether
this officer acted under the autlionty of his supe-
rior, and, if he has, severe reprobation ought to
be visited on the offender, and not on the inferior
executive officer, who executes but the commands
of his superior.
Sir, there has been an unfortunate prejudice en-
tertained on the part of the Executive—whether as
a commanding general in the field or as the Exec-
utive ol the nation under the Constitution—against
the State which I have the honor ln-part to repre-
sent. The people of that State have been unwar-
lantably assailed, traduced, and defamed by the
present Executive of the nation when a general in
the field. If 1 were not sustained by incontestable
authority, I would scorn to impute to any high
functionary of this Government aught that was
unworthy of his station, or of the high position
which he occupies; but, in this case, I am fully
sustained in every word 1 say, as 1 will show by
recourse to testimony stronger than the mere as-
sertion of a political opponent, that will cairy con-
viction to the mind of every candid man who is
disposed to canvass or discuss truth when it is pre-
sented to him.
On the 29th of March, previous to the war with
Mexico, when he occupied a posuion on the banks
of the Rio Grande, as commander of the army of
occupation, and before one blow was struck, what
does the Execuiive say in reference to the Texans >
Not one of them, up to that hour, had ever been
placed under his command; and nota solitary corps
or individual of them had he then ever seen ranged
under his banner; and yet what does he say of
them? In reference to the critical position of the
army, as he then'supposed it to be, he said:
i! Under this slate of things I must again and urgently call
youi attention to Hie necessity ol speedily sending recruits
to tin- aniiy. * * * The militia of Texa.-are remote
from the border * * * that we cannot depend upon'
their aid."
Sir, he has assumed the responsibility of defam-
ing the character of men, who, to say the least of
them, had never given the least occasion for such
an imputation as this—men who would have ral-
lied to his standard in a moment, if he had given
the least intimation to them—men who would have
periled everything in defence of their territory—
men who, in their recollection of former deeds,
would have offered up libations of their heart's
blood in vindication of the honor of the flag ot that
Union with which they had become incorporated,
and to which the bright lustre of their ow-n lone
star had been added. Yet, he says the army was
in a position where it could not depend upon
tnem! When, I ask, had they ever been ineffi-
cient or delinquent in time of peril, or recreant in
the hour of danger ? Yet, here a high functionary
of the Government, the head of its army, whose
heart ought to have been filled with admiration of
valorous deeds and ready to award the tribute that
is due to unconquerable valor, stigrnatizes the men
of Texas as inefficient and unreliable in time of
peril ? Experience had never enabled him to judge
of them, and was this, then, no manifestation of
prejudice?
Why, sir, two hundred and fifty Texan rangers,
if he had applied for them, would have re-
pulsed any attempt that might have been made to
cross the Rio Grande, and the song of peace would
have been heard umnteruptedly until this day on
that border. Five hundred would more than have
done it. Yet, instead of calling them to his aid
according to his authority under the Government,
he denounces them as unreliable. And when at
last they were called upon, what did they do?
Like chafed lions they were anxious to pursue the
enemy, for it was the first time they had had the
prospect of ".ncountering them on equal terms, but
they were restrained, and men unacquainted with
Mexican warfare, lieutenant colonels from the
interior, weie permitted to lead our troops through
the dense chaparrals and jungles of Mexico,
whilst the brave Texans were restiained or taken
to the southern plains, there to meet, beneath
burning suns, a lingering death by'disease. But,
fortunately, sir, this was not done until afier new
manifestations of irresistible valor on their part,
worthy of the cause in which they were engaged.
At Monterey, it was Texans who first took the
plaza, the key of the victory. The Bishop's
palace and heights too were taken by. Texans,
and Gillespie's monument stands there a record of
their unshrinking gallantry. But even these deeds
were not tufficient to rescue them from obloquy
and defamation. Even after lhat, they were de-
nounced and stigmatized as the -veriest refuse of
the community, and as a dishonor to the army.
Is it strange then, sir, that a prejudice, thua
eai'yand so strongly entertained,'should extend
now to the invasion of our constitutional rights?
Is it strange that our civil rights should be no
moie respected now than was our military char-
acter then ? No, sir, it is not strange.
But I will read for the information of the Senate
and of the world, if it chooses to be concerned
with matters of such minor importance as en-
croachments upon the rights of Texas as a sover-
eign State, further evidence on this point. But,
first, let me ask, was it from a nounal condition,
or after passing through a system of territorial pu-
pilage, that Texas became a sovereign Stater No,
sir. When Texas became a member of this Union,
she stood upon theeaith in the great community
of nations, and was herself a nation. And that
sovereignty as a nation, she has merged.in this
Union, but to remain in it as an equal with its
other members.
I will now read an extract from a letter dated
" Camp near Monterey, October 6, 1846 :
" Sir: 1 have respectfully to report that the entire force of
Texas moujited volunteers has been mu=teied out of ser-
vice, aiul is now returning home by companies. iVilh their
departure wemay look for a restoration oj quiet, and order in
Monterey, lor I regret to repm t that tome shamejul atrocities
have been perpetrated by them since the caijilulution of the
to tin."
What high encomiums are these in acknowledg-
ment of valorous and chivalrous deeds! What
encouragement to cheer a veteran's heart! What
encouragement to offer to the young and ardent
patriot!
" One company of Texas foot volunteers, which has ren-
dered excellent serv ce in the campaign, i. now on the
march to Camargo, there to be inusti.red'out ufVeiviee."
One company you would suppose from this had
done all that was commendable on the part of the
Texan military. One solitary company, indeed,
had "rendered excellent service!" Where were
the Texans at Monterey ? They had entire com-
mand of the city, and it was with difficulty, after
the flag had been sent in, that they could be in-
duced to suspend for a moment their active exer-
tions in vindication of American honor—to compel
the instant capitulation or the destruction of the
town. And for some'time did they ponder before
they obeyed their^ superiors' orders. They had
carried the Bishop's palace arid every fastness of
the enemy, and placed there the American banner
in triumph, floating proudly, a victorious menace
to those within the city. And yet, sir, of all this
it is only said, " one company rendered excellent
service !"
"It is deemed necessary to station a small force at
Laredo, on the east bank of the Rio Grande, for the purpose
of protecting thattronlierfrom Indian depredations, and en-
abling the government of Texas to extend its iuriedicuon
with .more facility to the river."
