226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSft.
Jan. 24,
cashiered by a court-martial for some alleged of-
fence. Stung; with mortification at what he regard-
ed as an injury to himself, he joined a battalion at
Baltimore as a private soldier. He went to Mex-
iro, where he obtained distinction and was highly
thought of by those who were in the battalion.
He enlisted the sympathies and good opinions of
the officers of the battalion, and they recommend-
ed that he be restored to his former rank-, to which
the President, Mr. Polk, assented. Whilst at
Vera Cruz, on his return to this country, he re-
ceived intelligence tha^ the Senate had not con-
firmed the nomination which was intended! to
restore him to his rank. I suppose it was because
they did not like to interfere with the decision of
a court-martial, ow the ground that their action
might interfere with the commissions or rank of
other officers, i move that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
memorial.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS,
Oi tiered) That the Committee on Piivate Land Claims be
disohatgfri from the further consideration of the petition of
Joseoh P.Williams,, and that it be rcfoired to the Committee
on Public Lands.
executive communications.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Colonel Bliss, his Secretary,
jn answer to the resolution of the 17th instant,
relative to proceedings in California, on forming a
constitution; which was read, and, on motion by
Mo TURNJSY, ordered to be printed, with the
accompanying documents.
A mesrage was also received, from the President
of the United States, transmitting a copy of the
convention between the United States and his Ma-
jesty the Emperor of Brazil, providing for the sat-
isfaction of claims of American citizens upon the
Government of Brazil; which was read, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of War, accompanied
by a statement of the expenditures made during
the year ending1 31st December, 1849, from the
appropriations for contingencies of the military
establishment; which was read.
Washington's farewell address.
Mr. CLAY. 1 beg leave to ask the Senate to
allow the resolution which 1 presented yesterday,
in relation to the purchase of the manuscript of the
Farewell Address of Washington, to be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the motion to proceed, as m Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of that resolution,
and it was agreed to.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
llesolved, That the Joint Committer- on the Library of the
Senate and House ot Representative?, be authorized and di-
rected to put chase ihe manu>cript nj the Farewell Addies-s
to c!kj People of tbo United states of Goorsc Washington,
if the purchase can be effected on just and lair terms in the
opinion oJ the committee.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I intended that
that resolution should be a joint one, and I believe
the Secretary has given it that form at r/>y in-
stance.
Sir, I did not wish to trouble the Senate in. pre-
senting this resolution. I was anxious to accom-
plish the object it proposes without the formality
of the passage of a resolution by Congress, and I
addressed myself to the Joint 'Committee on the
Library in consequence of a wish to avoid the
passage of any resolution. The committee took
the subject into their consideration, and came to
the conclusion that, as they had never heretofore
applied the funds intrusted to them to the pur-
chase of manuscripts without the sanction of Con-
gress, they could not venture on any expenditure
tor the puichasirig of this manuscript without
some other authority than that which they now
possessed. This reply led me to the presentation
of this resolution. If the object which it contem-
plates could have been accomplished without pre-
senting it here, I would not have taken up one
moment of the precious time of the Senate.
I will now state some of the motives which led
me to the presentation of this resolution.
It is about fifty-three years a°;o since General
Washington, the Father of his Country, by univer-
sal consent, addressed to the people of the United
States the document described m that resolution.
At the time of the preparation of it there was a i
paper, which those wfcfo are conversant with* the
! history of the country at (he- time will recollect
| was published at Philadelphia by an extremely
: respectable and intelligent gentleman, Mr. Clay-
! poole, called the Daily Mvertiser. Gen. Washing-
ton selected that paper for the publication of his
FareweH Address; and, after it was committed to
print, Mr. Cteypoole proposed to return the
original document to General Washington, and
waited upon him for that purpose; but being ex-
tremely desirous- to possess it, he expressed his
wish that, if the General did not wish it himself,
hfe would .like to retain it as a memorial. General
Washington assented to the request; and the pa-
per from that day to this has been: in the hands
either of Mr. Claypoolc or some of his descend-
ants.
Rut I was struck by an advertisement which I
saw some short time ago, published in one of the
papers of Philadelphia, to this effect:
1 £,Tlie ouffinal manuscupt of General Washington's vale-
I dictory addiess to the people of the United States will be
\> sold on Tuesday, February 12, J850, at 6£ o'clock. Tilts
|, paper, in the handwriting and bearing tin5 signature of Gen.
!i Washington, was .presented by him to Mr. Clnj poole, the
i then cditoraud piopnetor of the Daily Jldvcrtnei — the paper
! winch General Washington bad ^elected for its publication,
i The sale will be peremptory."
I Well, sir, when I read that advertisement, I said
! to myself, what is to become of that precious doc-
| ument? Is it to be sold, to be perhaps transferred
j out of the country, and made the ornament of the
J parlor of some of the distinguished men of Europe
j —men of rank or title or literary fame—or shall if
| remain here r Sir, I could not for a moment hesi-
tate as to the promptings of my own heart. I said,
" here—here in this Capitol—in the Library of this
nation, ought this document to be deposited."
Mr. President, man is not an abstraction.-' He
is a being possessing feelings, sensations,and sym-
pathies; and allow me to say too, sir, that, although
we may derive great pleasure from tracing the nar-
ratives of the glory of our ancestors and the deeds
of the men of celebrity in our own country, yet
some physical memorial of them, some tangible,
palpable object, always addresses itself to our
hearts and to our feelings. .Sir, is there a son liv-
ing who, on the death of his father, will not look
with pride and satisfaction upon the objects which
were dear to that father during his lifetime—upon
th.e cane which sustained his tottering steps in the
latter period of his life, upon the watch which he
wpre, upon the horse on which he rode, upon the
saddle on which he sat, upon the cup from which
his thirst was quenched? And, sir, is there an
American son of Washington, as we all are, who
cannot and who will not always look with pleasure
and satisfaction upon the objects with winch his
name was connected ?
Sir, in my own humble parlor at Ashland, I
have at this momenta broken goblet which was
used by General Washington, during almost the
whol<^ of the revolutionary war. It was in his
camp, confided to me by an old lady of some eighty
years of age; and there is nothing in that parlor so
much revered, or which is an object of greater ad-
miration to the stranger who comes to see mo. This
feeling of attachment to these objects, cssociated
with the memory of those whom wc venerate, and
whom we loved during their hfe'ime, is not merely
a private feeling of attachment; it is a broader, more
comprehensive, and national feeling. Do we not
all recollect how the hearts of ail Fiance thrilled
with joy when shcleamed that the remains of A"a-
polcon were to be transported from the island of
St. Helena back to that country upon which he
had shed so much glory ? Do we not all recollect
with what sensations of indignation England heard
the proposition to transport the remains of the
humble dwelling—and it was humble indeed—in
which Shakspeare had his birth ? And how in-
dignant did we not all feel when the report—
though fortunately it turned out not to be true—
reached us that some desperate robber had viola-
ted the gidve of Washington himself, for the pur-
i pose of transporting his remains to a distant land ?
| Sir, these arc feelings which are woithy of being j
I! countenanced and cherishcd by public authority, \
|i To say nothing of the nature and character of1
II that address, who is there, sir, amidst the discord-
!i ant and ungrateful sounds of disunion and discord :
which assail our ears in every part of this coun- j
' try, and in both halls of Congress—who is there :
, that would not find refreshment and delight behind j
! the Farewell Address of Washington to the people '
of this country ? Who is there that-would not
trace the paternal and patriotic advice with pleas-
ure which was written by his own hand-—that
hand which, after having grasped the swoid that
achieved the liberties of our country, traced with
| the instrument of peace the document which then
, gave us that advice, so necessary to preserve and
I transmit to posterity the treasure he had bestowed
j upon us? Who is,there, in tracing that advice to
: beware of sectional divisions, to beware of derria-
j gogues, to beware of the consequences of the in-
i dulgence of a spirit of disunion—who is there, in
| reading those lines of truly parental advice, that
: will not in imagination transport himself back to
i the period when they were transmitted to paper
: by Washington, and think of the emotions,, the
! parental and patriotic emotions, at that precious
i moment, which must have animated his breast?
i I have said more,, much more, than was neces-
| 89ry to secure the object I had in view—-the adop-
, tion of this resolution, which is to give to the Joint
Committee on the Library the authority to pur-
chase this document. I have specified no price.
It was not necessary to bargain for the document,
lest advantage might betaken. I have, left it to
, the discretion of the committee,, in which, I trust,
! we can all confide. I hope it will meet with the
! unanimous concurrence of the Senate.
; Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise for the purpose of
I saying anything in opposition to the resolution in-
, troduced by the honorable Senato? from Kentucky,
i [Mr. Clay.] It would be certainly presumptuous
; in me to suppose' that I could add anything to what
j has fallen from the honorable Senator from Ken-
i tucky in support of it. Nor should I utter asingle
| word on this occasion but for wh-at has been, so^
I happily said by the honorable Senator from, Ken-
| tucky in, regard to sectional agitation, in denunci-
' ation of factionists and demagogues, and in disap-
| probation of all schemes of disunion. Sir, no man-
I holds the Union of these States in higher regard
than I do. No one places higher value than 1 do
upon that compact of confederation which was es-
tablished by the wisdom and patriotism of our
forefathers; a Union between equals—a Union for
all the pui poses of justice, kind intercourse, mid
cordial goodwill. This Uniorb, so dear to Wash-
ington and his compeers, has ever been dear tome
also,and'to my-constituents. To this Union, in the
southern States of the Confederacy, no- eneiyiies
have ever yet appeared. No such monsters in.
human form will ever spring up in the South. No,
sir; and I am proud to add, no southern states-
man has ever attempted to use the governmental
machinery of the Republic for purposes of injus-
; tice, oppression, and for the permanent degrada-
i tion of other sections of the Union.
i If sectional agitation, such as has been alluded
j to by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, and
; strongly censured and deplored, has taken place,
j it did not originate among southern men. Itori-
| ginated in a spirit of unfairness, ilhberabty, and
n rank usurpation, amongst factious demagogues,
j unprincipled fanatics, and trading politicians north
; of Mason and Dixon's line. If geographical par-
J! ties have sprung up, they have been brought into
j being exclusively by northern incendiaries and
j! their traitorous allies (few in number I should
,1 hope) in one or two of the southern States. Yes,
: sir, the especial countrymen of Washington, the
j; men of the South—the descendants of that noble
h body of men, the JefTersons, the Madisons, the
! Rutledges, the Marions, the Sumteis, who, under
i1 the lead of the Father of his Country, aided so
!' effectually in establishing our national independ-
j; ence, have so demeaned themselves in this Con-
I fedemcy at all times as ptoudly to bid defiance to
j: all charges of hostility to the Union and all the'
i sacred objects for which it was established. Let,
then, our guilty adversaries alone feel the language
j; of rebuke so potently administered by the honora-
:i bie Senator from Kentucky. I cordially unite
^ with the honorable Senator from Kentucky in de-
nouneing the real and only enemies of the Union, to
ichom 1 now allv.de. Let these vile incendiaries
patiently submit to the just castration which I un-
derstand to have been inflicted upon them this
j morning by the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
They deserve even fiercer condemnation than has
been bestowed upon them. I confess, though,
that I do not expect a sudden and complete reform
j in these unprincipled zealots, even from the ex-
j traordinary eloquence of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky; and. I greatly fear that the pur-
