1850,
THE C0N&KMI0?f.A:k ©LOBE.
chase of Washington's Farewell Address, pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
will not stiU the tremendous tempest which is now
racing. 1 fear that the factiomsts of the North
will not be less active, after we shall have pur-
chased the manuscript now offered to us, than
they now are. Political demagogues will still go
on scheming and scheming, until their mischievous
end shall be accomplished.1 If I thought otherwise,
I should be willing to give many millions for this
precious document at once, instead of referring the
subject to one of our committees for their action.
As it is, I shall vote for the resolution, as I can
see no harm in adopting it, and as I am willing to
pay a reasonable and moderate sum to the owners
of this manuscript in order to gratify those gen-
erous-sensibilities which have been appealed to by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 rise to express the readi-
ness and the cordiality with which ! concur in the
resolution. I hope it will pass. I believe it will
be a resolution which will gratify the whole coun-
try. I believe it will be a thing which will be
agreeable to all who may visit the Capitol, to see
the Farewell Address of Washington, in his own
handwriting, in the Library. I agree in all !hat
the honorable member from Kentucky has said of
the natural disposition of men, and of reasonable,
intelligent men everywhere, in all countries, to see
what might perhaps be called the relics of the
great and good, who might be called the benefac-
tors of their eountry.
The honorable member from Kentucky says,
that a goblet in the possession of Washington in
revolutionary times, is now in his own possession,
in his own house. He says it is an object always
gratifying not only to him and his family, but to
those who visit him.
My principal purpose in rising was to mention
an occurrence corroborative of that sentiment. It
so happened that some five and twenty years ago
there was offered for sale to Congress a little cas-
ket of medals from General Washington's cabinet.
You know, sir, that the old Congress, the Con-
gress of the Revolution, voted some seven or eight
medals—I think not more—to distinguished offi-
cers of the revolutionary army; the fiist and prin-
cipal and largest one being that presented to Gen.
Washington. They were struck in Paris, and for
the subject of the obverse of his medal Washing-
ton chose his entry into Boston after the evacua-
tion of that city by the British. It was beauti-
fully executed, and was unquestionably a fine
specimen of art. In like manner there were med-
als presented to Generals Gates, Greene, Morgan,
and other revolutionary officers.
General Washington, at some after period of his
life, collected these medals. They were all, I
think, struck in Paris, and there were other medals
also, of Dr. Fi'anklin and other eminent persons in
civil life, not struck at the instance of Congress,
but of the French Government. General Wash-
ington collected these medals in a little casket, a
little flat mahogany box. He placed his own like-
ness in the centre, and surrounded it with twelve
others, making thirteen, to represent, as I suppose,
the thirteen- oiri<nnal States. This casket remained
in his possesson till his death, when it passed into
the hands of his executors. About as long ago as
I have mentioned, some five and twenty years,
circumstances rendered it expedient for the persons
who held it to sell it. They desired to sell it to
Congress for the purpose of having it placed in the
Library. It was brought here by a member of the
other House, [Mr. Emobt,] who introduced a res-
olution authorizing the Committee on the Library
to purchase it. ^Th.s was a proposition which
at first seemed to be received with favor. The
price was not considered any great object; bat a
constitutional question arose whether Congress
could, without a violation of their duty and obli-
gations, buy that little casket, a relic which came
from General Washington's cabinet. It was de-
bated there two or three days, when, finally, by a
vote of those who were opposed to the constitu-
tional power, it was laid upon the table I had
kept ray eye upon it, and when the debate ceased
in the House of Representatives I sent and pur-
chased the casket. Those medals are now in my
hbrarv, together with numerous autographs of
General Washington, and I can «'that
from any part of the country, who do me the honoi
to visit me, if they are acquainted with the fact that
I possess them, inquire first for General Wash-
ington's autographs and General Washington's
medals.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion is now under consideration as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. PEARCE. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that the resolution is scarcely complete
without s clause for an appropriation proper to
provide the Joint Committee on the Library with
the means of paying for this manuscript.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think there can be any
difficulty on that subject. It can be provided for
when the appropriation bill comes in.
Mr. KING. I rise to ask the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pf.arce,] as a member of the
Joint Library Committee, a question. Is it not!
entirely in the province of the Joint Committee to j
purchase such papers if they think proper, with- i
out a resolution of this kind on the part of Con- i
gress ? !
Mr. PEARCE. We thought not. The library j
fund we believed to be appropriated for the pur-
chase of boots, and not of manuscripts, valuable
merely as relics.
Mr. KING. I was under the impression, and
certainly this is the first time anything has oc-
curred to induce a change in the opinion which I
have always entertained, that the Library Com-
mittee had the power to puichase either printed or
manuscript works. I think I know instances,
since I have been here, where the Library Com-
mittee have purchased manuscript books.
Mr. PEARCE. The Library Committee do
not think that they are authoiized to purchase
manuscripts, which are valuable as relies merely.
Certainly they may purchase a manuscript work,
but they would only make such purchase when
the work could not be procured in print. They
think they would misapply the appropriation for
the increase of the library by purchasing any relic,
ordering the resolution to be engrossed for a third
reading.
"Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the vote is'
about to be taken on this resolution, I shall have
tt> submit a few remarks, I made the motion to-
pass it by informally, in order that the special-or-
der, now delayed for half an hour, might be con-
sidered.
The amendment which was proposed by the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. King-] mnoves pait
of the objections which I had to the resolution as
it was originally drawn. It is not now mandatory
in its terms; still it conveys authority, and, con-
strued in connection with such expression as will,
probably, be given by the Senate, it does, after all,
amount to nearly a mandate; it approaches very
nearly to instructions to the committee. It be-
comes us at the present stage of our proceedings in
reference to such matters, to ascertain where we
are to stop before we take the fust step; before fol-
lowing this path, to inquire whither it will lead ivs.
We have purchased the manuscripts of Washing-
ton, everything, even to the copy-book which he
kept when a boy. This is but a corrected copy of
his Farewell Address, known not to have been en-
tirely the result of his own mind, and if what we
desire is merely manuscripts of Washington^ we
have enough of them to satisfy more than moder-
ate desire. The value of the Farewell Address is
twofold; first, for the opinions contained in it;anfi
next, the authority from which, they are derived.
I am of opinion that no benefit can result to the
country, or to the people generally, fronrthe own-
ing of these sheets of manuscript. No one scarcely
will be allowed to read it, for it will have <0 be
locked up securely, where it cannot be touched, be-
cause if handled it would be soon worn out. It will,
j therefore, merely gratify that feeling to which the i
i Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] has so e!o-
' quently alluded, and to which undoubtedly every
' heart will respond—that feeling which endears
whether manuscript or of another kind. The ap- ,  - - - , _ _
cronriation for the increase of the library would || everything pertaining to the beloved or vrneuted
place -very few volumes on our shelves, if it were i dead. But a,c we, toe representatives of the peo-
place very .... -
diverted from its legitimate purpose to the pur-
i chase of interesting and valuable relics. Even if
! the committee had the authority they would pre-
fer not to exercise it without the instruction of :
Congress. . ;>
Mr. CLAY. My friend from Alabama [Mr.
King! did not, I presume, hear a statement which
1 made, which was, that I addressed myself to the
Library Committee before offering this resolution,
and certainly I should not have offered it if that
committee had thought itself invested with the
power to purchase this manuscript. But they
thought they had not, and therefore I offered jt
here.
- Mr. KING. I would suggest an alteration m ,
the resolution to the Senator from Kentucky. It
is that the Committee should be " authorized, ' l
and not " directed" to purchase the manuscrtpt, ,
provided it can be purchased on fair terms. I
move to strike out the word ((directed, and to j
insert in lieu thereof the word "authorized. _ j
Mr CLAY. I have no sort of objection to strike ;
out the word " directed," but if the.Senator from j
Alabama will attend, the latter part of the resolution j
expressly provides for the contingency of the !
manuscript being purchased on what, in the j
opinion of the committee, shall be fair and reason- j
able terms. But I have no objection to the amend- ;
ment. i
The motion to strike out the word " directed, L
and to insertin lieu thereof the word-" authorized,
was agreed to. '
The joint resolution as amended was then re- .
ported to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ques- j
tion to he on ordering the resolution to be engrossed !
for a third reading.'.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President: :
There are a great many questions connected with :
this resolution. Besides, there is a special order
pie, in making appropriations from the treasury,
to be governed by feeling, and to draw money out
of the public treasury to gratify our sentiment ?
Certainly not. We. should regard' no such feelings,
but should act as practical men. We should^be-
come as nearly as possible (t an abstraction," to
use the expression of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky—as far as may be, divest ourselves of all
feeling in legislation.
If we are to indulge the desire to possess all ob-
jects associated with tire 11 Father of his Country," _
'we shall have to purchase the walking canes he
used, the medals and othet personal articles iden-
tified with iwm by possession. His residence, the
battle-fields he illustrated, the routes of his marches
through the old thirteen States, over which be
shed unfading glory, all, all, are closely associated '
with his memory. Shall they he purchased too,'
and held as the property of the Government? But
what is there so sacred in the manuscripts of this
Address > It is known to have been the joint pro-
duction of Washington and One, at least, of his
Cabinet—not the emanation of his mind alone. I
feel no such respect as has been here expressed for
it, and cannot perceive how this manuscript is to
effect such happy results. Anv one can have a
printed copy, and read it, who U' sires. There is
nothing to be gained by the purchase of this man-
uscript any more than there would be in the pui-
chase of a walking stick which Washington used.
I n.ust be pardoned for a want veneration for
rei'cs, or for symbols of faith in the faithful; nay
more| for saying that a devotion to men which ex-
tends to the inanimate objects connected with
he.n, is an extreme unworthy of our people. We
are utilitarians, and it is not in keeping with that,
character to be led away by sentiment.
; have no objection that the resolution should go
to 'he committee, as a mere «ut'- inty further to
inquire whether it would be well :o purchase this
manuscript. The rough sketch of thi* Audress,
of the Senate for one o'clock this day, and there- "the"v^ork of others, and showing
fore, for the benefit of the chairman of the Judi- ,, ^0"nec'ed f ow„ wou]d be frv more valuable
c.i ry Committee, [Mr. Butler,] who has caused
the special order to be made, I move we pass to
its consideration. j
Mr. CLAY. I do not think there can be a ■
single objection to the resolution, and I hope it i
will be allowed to pass at once. The chairman j
of the Judiciary Committee himself, I arn sure, i
wishes it to pass. There will be no mare debate* J
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on-1
what was his own,   .
to i"c than this, the form to which it was modified
and'extended, and which is the same as every
minted copy. I believe we have the first sketch
of the Address, and perhaps a copy of it in the
form in which it was printed, purchased among
the Washington manuscripts. This and other
questions the committee will have for inquiry, it-
left to their discretion.
