228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I will yield
to none m my veneration and respect for the ser-
vices of Washington, and 1 agree with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] that if the
objects proposed by the resolution, so eloquently
spoken of by the Senator from Kentucky, could
be accomplished, I should be willing to vote not
only the price required for the manuscript, but
millions besides. But it seems to me that the main
object to be accomplished by the passage of this
resolution is to reiterate what I have seen session
after session, and what I think is disgraceful to
many citizens of this country; that is, the disposi-
tion to speculate upon the patriotism of the coun-
try, and to bring here and hawk about at the door
of this Capitol, and offer to theSemue or the House
of Representatives, the relics of the patriots who
achieved our independence. And, in passing this
resolution, I consider that the only tangible object
we accomplish by it will be to put money in the
pockets of various speculators, who, under color
of professions of patriotism, come here and ask
the Senate to purchase these relics. Perhaps the
very persons who have this manuscript for sale
received it as a donation, or purchased it for a
small amount, and now come here as speculators
upon our patriotism, and ask a pecuniary com-
pensation for it.
Mr. CLAY. A single word. The Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Borland] is laboring under a total
misconception m regard to this matter. The pro-
prietors of this paper have not come here; it is not
at their instance; not one single word has come
from them to me, or from any friends of theirs.
Nor is the paper hawked about the Capitol, as the
Senator seems to suppose, and offered for sale
with a view to speculation or the acquisition of a
large sum of money; no such thing. The repre-
sentatives of the respectable Mr. Claypoole have
not moved in the affair at all. it is my own mo-
tion, and if there is any responsibility in regard to
it, I bear it, and not. them. But 1 do not wish to
detain the Senate for a moment, especially as the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] ought
to have been heard before this time.
Mr. BORLAND. My remarks were not par-
ticularly applied to the individuals offering ihis
manuscript for sale. I think the Senator from
Kentucky is mistaken in saying they have not
been here; for I learn from Senators that the man-
uscript has been exhibited here.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) I certainly had no
knowledge of it.
Mr. BORLAND. What I referred to was the
practice which has hitherto prevailed of the repre-
sentatives of distinguished revolutionary characters
conung heie and offering for sale, and getting ap-
propriations of large sums of money for the relics
of their ancestors. I should not be surprised, if
this manuscript is purchased, to have the sacrod
bones of Washington himself brought hcrefor sale.
The question was then taken on ordering the
resolution to be engrossed for a third reading, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the resolution will now
pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
now have its third reading, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. TURNEY. I object, and call for the or-
der of the day.
Mr. CLAY". Do I understand that the Senator
from Tennessee objects to the third reading of this
resolution now ?
Mr. TURNEY. My only desire is to get at
the order of the day.
Mr. CLAY. That can be reached in a moment.
Mr. TCJRNEY. If there will be no debate, I
withdraw my objection.
The resolution was then read a third time and
SURRENDER OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The Senate then, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill " to
provide for the more effectual execution of the
third clause of the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. BUTLER addressed the Senate at some
length, in the couise of which some explanations
weieentered into by Mr. Chase, a report of which
"will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. MASON. I desire to be heard, sir, upon
the bil which is now before the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. I was about to propose that the
bill be passed by informally,
Mr HAMLIN. I understand that the honora-
ble Senator from Virginia proposes to speak upon
this matter, and, as it is now late, if it will be
agreeable to him, I will move that the Senate now
go into Executive session.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection, although it
would be as agreeable to me io proceed now as
at any other time.
The bill was accordingly passed by informally.
On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to Monday next.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and some legislative business transacted
which is incorporated with similar business in the
preceding columns.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 28, 185&.
The Journal of Thursday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the rulesof
the House be suspended, for the purpose of intro-
ducing bills and joint resolutions of which previ-
ous notice had been given, and that the States be
called in their order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mean
bill3 and resolutions generally, or such as do not
give rise to debate ?
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Such as do not give
rise to debate.
Mr. WOOD inquired of the Speaker what was
the regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER said it was the call of the
States for petitions.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Featherston, and, two-thirds not voting in
the affirmative, the rules were not suspended.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order is
the call of the States for petitions.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid be-
fore the House certain petitions and memorials,
among which were the following:
ROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The memorial of the convention of St. Louis, in
relation to a national road from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
MINNESOTA.
The memorial of the Legislature of the Territory
of Minnesota, asking an appropriation for the con-
struction of a road from Point Douglas to St.
Louis.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the memorial was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
THE CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
A communication from the Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, enclosing resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of that Territory, on the
subject of the removal of the Chippewa Indians.
Referred1 to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
LAWS OF MINNESOTA.
Several laws passed by the Territory of Minne-
sota. Referred to the Committee on the Teriito-
ries.
Also, several other memorials of a private char-
acter.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DISNEY rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce, with a view
to be laid on the table and printed, a resolution,
which he asked might be read.
Mr. D. made an additional remark, (of which
nothing was heard by the reporter,) but which was
stated to be, that if the House should now accord
to him the permission he asked to introduce the
resolution, he would at some future day ask the
House to take up and consider it; when he might
be inclined to present some views upon it.
Objection was made on the right of the Chair to
the introduction of the resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Whereas, the ume has arrived when a just regard for the
peace and welfare of the Republic demand not only a cie<ir
and accurate definition of the legislative power of the Gen-
eral Government over ihp people of any Territory whiefs
either now belongs to Hie United States, or hereafter may
be acquired by them, hut also, that^tieh a definition or that
power shall remain as n fundamental law : And whereas, the
power of exclusive legislation over the D:stricto! Columbia
as a seat of Government is necessary to {he tmembarra>srd
deliberations of Congress, and is obviously requued by the
dignity and necef*iti<s of the Government, while the fun-
damental principles of oor iiiMUutnms demand thru, as the
Legislature of the District, Congress, with a reynrd fo the
national intere>t, sdiafi obey the v\ ill of us people in lelation
to their domestic matter-, and as no necessity can arise
which wilt demand the sacrifice of ctther the power of the
Government ot the people's rights, because they each may
be respected by i<-troc< ding the District and selecting some
other, where, by agreement, such (jue^ion* inav be perma-
nently settled, and thus the interests ot tho Government,
the sentiments of the nation, and the rights of iht people
be alike maintained : Therefore,
Resolved fof the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of *3mcrica in Congi ess assembled, That as all
ju*t power is derived fiom tin-1 ori-t nt of the govt rned, and
it n the especial duly ot* the American people to vindicate
this gieat ti uth, it is hereby deelated that th<-> people oi evei v
separate community, whether they do oi do not reside in a
Tornfory belonging to tho Cnited Ptate?, po^es* and have
a native and inhert nt right to frame their own dome stic laws,
and to establish their own local government* in all ca^es
where the provisions of -uch laws and the character of ^uch
government* do not conflict with the provisions and limita-
tion^ of the Constitution or the proprietary rights of the Gen-
eral Government.
Resolved, That in ordei tb. t thi* acknowledgment of the
people's rights mav forever remain in toic< , lite Committee
on the Judiciary he, and they arc hereby inducted io pre-
pare and report to the House, with proper limitation- in re-
ward to the territorial extent of e«« h community, n tunable
provision for an amendment to the Constitntn-n of the United
States, which shall ingraft on that ii^trnm^nt an explicit
declaration of the foregoing ormciple?- a- an organic law.
Resolved, That the vull ot the people of thn District of
Columbia of right ought at all times to govern the action of
Congress in relation to the existence of blavery within iU
limits.
The resolution having been read—
Objections were made to its introduction.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. BOWLIN rose and asked the unanimous? w
consent of the House to allow him to offer a i evo-
lution which he had been heretofore prevented (by
sickness in his family) from introducing, and
which (he said) would save the House some ex-
pense which would otherwise be incurred in rela-
tion to the printing of an Executive document. If
the resolution was acted upon at all, it should be
acted on immediately. He would ask that a letter
from the Commissioner of the Land Office on the
subject might be read.
Mr* FEATHERSTON said, that unless the per-
mission were "made general, he should object to
the introduction of the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] or to any other
resolution.
The reading of the resolution was called for.
Mr. INGE said, he shoud object not only to
the reception of the resolution, but to ita reading.
So. the resolution was neither introduced nor
read. The following is a copy of it:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, and he is hereby authorized to withdraw so much
of his late annual report, as "inbraces the geological report
of Dr. D. D. Owen, with a view to enable corrections of dis-
covered errors to be made, and the report to be comple-
ted before printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
States and Territories, in their order, for petitions
and memorials; commencing with the State of
MAine.
From the State of Maine : By Messrs. Fuller,.
Gerry, Goodenow, Otis and Stetson.
From New Hampshire : By Messrs. Hjbbard^.
Tuck and Wilson.
CONGRESS OF NATIONS, ETC.
Mr. TUCK presented the memoiial of the
American Peace Society, praying Congress to
inquire into the expediency of entering; into inter-
national treaties stipulating for the settlement of
international disputes by arbitration, and also
into the expediency of holding a Congress of
Nations.
Mr. TUCK moved the reference of the memo-
rial to a select committee.
Mr. G1DD1NGS asked the yeas and nays on
that motion ; which were ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether a motion to refer the memorial to the
Committee ori Foreign Affairs would take prece-
dence of a motion to refer to a select committee.
The SPEAKER said it would take precedence-
Mr. KAUFMAN thereupon moved that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. {
