1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
vm
this occasion to discuss at length and in detail the
various questions embraced in the several reports
of the select committee. That committee was
raiwed at the instance and request of the Secretary
of War, for the purpose of an investigation into
the conduct of that officer as connected with the
prosecution and payment of the claim of the rep-
resentatives of George Galphin. The House very
properly gave.to the committee full and compre-
hensive instructions, embracing other matters con-
nected witn this case; and, in obedience to those
instructions, we now have a report or statement
of facts in the case, agreed to by a majority, and
in addition, three minority reports, severally con-
taining the arguments and conclusions of different
members. *
Were I disposed so to do,.I have not the time
to go over the whole ground occupied by this
committee, and I shall, therefore, content myself
in discussing such questions alone as seem to he
in my way in declaring the opinions that will gov-
ern my vote on the several resolutions reported.
At the time these reports were made, and while
the question of printing was under consideration,
- 1 was indebted to the courtesy of my colleague,
[Mi. Brooks]—who has discussed this whole sub-
ject submitted to the committee with an elabotate-
ness, fearlessness, and ability that have done him
great credit and honor—for the privilege of saying
that, while 1 most heartily concurred m the views
expressed by him, I should seek an occasion to
express my own opinion before I might be called
on to record my vote. That opportunity has now
occurred; and without gomg into a history of this
claim, the history of which has become lenowned
throughout the country, both for its antiquity and
doubtful justice, it is proper briefly to recapitulate
what all concede to be the mam facts upon which
it rests.
in 1773, the Creek and Cherokee Indians had
become largely indebted to certain traders. With
a view to an adjustment of the claims of these
creditors, the Indians made a cession of a large
extent of land in Georgia to Great Britain, then
the Government of this country, with the stipula-
tion that the moneys arising from a sale of the
lands should be applied in satisfaction of such
debts as might be found due ftom them to the
traders. George Galphin was found to be a cred-
itor, and his chum, to the amount of nine thousand
seven hundred and ninety one pounds fifteen shil-
lings and five pence, was acknowledged by the
British Government on the sccond of May, 1775.
Commissioners were appointed by Great Britain
to make sale of the lands and pay the debts; but
the war of the Revolution breaking out before
much had been done, the execution of the trust
was defeated, the title of Great Britain in the lands
extinguished, and her right and power to control
them destroyed. The Colony of Georgia then
asserted her claim to the lands, and proceeded at
her own option and pleasure, acknowledging no
incumbrance on them, to grant them away as
suited her own purpose; but in 178U, when for-
mally asserting her light to the land, she passed
the following law in relation thereto:
« Whereas, certain persons, citiaen-s of this, and of the
State ot Soutn Carolina, and friends to the independency of
the same, claim that the lands in the county o/ Wilkes weie
originally given up and ceded to the Government of Great
Britain by the Creek and Cherokee Indians m satisfaction
and discharge ot certain debts and arrears due by the, s>aid
Indians to atml ceitatn persons, commonly called Indian
traders; 13e it therefore enacted, that any person having,
or protending to have, any tuck claim, do lay their claims
and accounts b< fore thi*., or some future Hoti^e of As-em-
blv to be examined; and whatever claims shall be found
juat and proper, and due to the friends of America, snalf be
paid by treasury certificates for the amount payable within
two, three, and tour years, and carrying six per cent, in-
terest."
George Galphin died about the same time this
act was passed, but whether before or after does
not appear. At all events, he did not present his
claim under it; but, in 1789, Thomas Galphin, his
son and executor, piesented it to the Legislature of
that State, and though a favorable report was
made upon it by the committee, it was not acted
on by the Legislature. From that time down to the
year 1840, or larer, the claim was continued before
the Georgia Legislature; but notwithstanding the
law of 1780 and the fact that committees had sev-
eral times brought in favorable reports, payment
■was not made nor was the claim recognized by
the"State, in 1836 it first made its appearance m
Congress, whence, by proper nursing for twelve
years, after having met with at least two adverse
reports, it emerged on the night of the 12th of
August, 1848, and was transferred from the legis-
lative to the executive branch of tbe'Government
for examination and adjustment. The law of this
date thus transferring theclaim, is as follows:
«4Ba it enactcdrSfc.9 That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to examine
and culjust the claim of the late George GalpMn, under the
treaty made by the Governor of Georgia with the Creek
and Cherokee Indians, in the year 1773, and to pay the
amount which may he found due to Milledge Galphin, ex-
ecutor of the said George Galphin,out of any money in the
Treasury nol otherwise appropriated."
Under this law the then Secretary of the.Treas-
ury (Mr. Walker) paid the sum of $43,518 97,
being the same amount (^9,791 15s 5d.) which
the British Government had acknowledged was
due m 1775. The question of interest on this sum
was not formally passed upon by Mr. Walker;
and when Mr. Meredith came into office, the claim
for interest was pressed upon him for decision. It
was finally allowed, and the sum of $191,353 89,
being the interest from 1775, atsixper cent., paid.
The connection which Mr. Cfawford has held
towards this claim has been that of agent or attor-
ney, under an agreement with the heirs,-made in
1833, by the terms of which he was to receive for
his services one half the amount obtained. •
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to inquire, in the
first place, upon whom rested the obligation of
payment in this case? That Galphin had an
equitable, subsisting claim that ought, long since,
to have been paid by somebody, will not be seu-
ously doubted; and he made his claim, first,
against the Indians, as the original debtors; second,
against Great Britain, who by her agreement be-
came the trustee of a fund for the payment of the
claim; third, against Georgia, who usurped the
fund; fourth, against the United States, because
everybody else had refused to pay. I am disposed
to believe that, subsequent to the Revolution, the
claim was not good against Great Britain, and
that that Government was under no obligation to
pay it. Certainly, she was not liable, unless her
commissioners had previously sold such quantities
of the land as, under the trust, entitled Galphin
to his debt, or some portion thereof; and though
there is some reason to believe that such sale was
made, there is not sufficient proof on the point to
charge Great Britain, particularly when it is con-,
sidered that the greater portion of the lands, at least,
were appropriated by Georgia. If Great Britain
was not, because of the Revolution that wrested
the lands from her control, drove her from their
possession, and made it impossible for her to dis-
charge the trust, liable to Galphin, then Georgia
alone must have been.
Sir, 1 am aware of the presumption, if not arro-
gance, I show in expressing this opinion, for in
enteitaming it, as I do, 1 find myself in opposition
not only to all the Whig members of this select
committee, but -to the Attorney General of the
United States. Notwithstanding this array of
talent and station against me, however, I hope to
express my views with becoming independence,
and such dignity as allows every man to think
and speak for himself and as he shall choose.
Whatever shall be thought of my aigument, it
shall not be said that paity shackles and political
alliances control my speech or vote. There are
no party attachments, as there is no personal
friendship, that will induce me to restrain a
thought or disguise a syllable. A member of the
Cabinet and a Whig has asked an investigation.
An investigation has been made, and I, for one,
cannot shut my eye3 to the conviction that it has
placed that officer in a most unfortunate position
before the countiy. The same investigation has
brought the official acts of two other Whigs and
members of the Cabinet in question; and I am
ftee to say that they, too, do not stand blameless
and exempt from censure. Entertaining these
views, I cannot sustain the report of the Whigs
composing the minority of the committee, nor
shall I hesitate to declare my disapprobation of
the official acts into which an investigation has
been sought.
The liability of Georgia to pay*this claim is
founded in the clearest legal and equitable princi-
ples. In the language of the very able report of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] " The
proceedings of the war of the Revolution placed
the State of Georgia in the stead of the British
Crown, and she became seized of the latter's title
and subject to its liabilities." Georgia, knowing
the claim Galphin and others had on" the labels,
not only asserted her rteht to them, but she pre-;
vented Great Britain from executing- the trust,#
while she appropriated the lands for her own p&r-:
pose in defiance of the lien. Georgia, howe.ver,
never directly acknowledged her liability and it
is less a matter of moment, whether she who, has
not paid ought to pay, than that the Government
that has paid was not liable to do so. if the claim
of Galphin was just, it is difficult to apprehend the
argument that should exempt Georgia" froirr pay-
ment under her law of 1780. It is true that law
is guarded in its terms, and under it 'payment
could not be made; unless, first, the claim wlas'
found just; and second, that it was due to one
who fought on the right side in the Revolution";
and Georgia has never acknowledged either the
one or the other, but in her own Legislature doubt
and suspicion have been oust over both. However
much this might prejudice the justice of the
claim on Georgia, I submit thatiit could not create
a claim against the United States. Georgia had
no title to these lands save what she derived by
the conquest of the Revolution from Great Britain/
And shall it be said that she can appropriate the
lands to her own <?se and then require the United
States to pay off*an incumbrance to which she haa
herself succeeded? Every principle of honesty
and fair dealing is violated by the assumption.
The Whig minority of this committee, as well
as the Attorney General, seek to show that the
United States, prior to the passage of the law of
1848, were liable for the payment of this claim;
and one of the arguments made use of to this end,
is drawn from the law of 1802, by which Georgia
ceded to the United States certain territory. 1 am
unable to see how the provisions of that law can
aid such an argument. Georgia ceded the territo-
ry, and in consideration for so doing, the United
States agreed to extinguish the Indian title to the
residue of the lands in that State. Did this bind
the United States to pay Galphin? Not at all.
The Indians had no title remaining to the4 lands
embraced in their cession to Great Britain in 1773,
and they were in no manner in possession of
them. Many of the lands had, at this time,
already been granted away by Georgia, and so, far
from there being any title in opposition to that
which she asserted, nobody was even interfering
with her disposition of the land. All the title of
the Indians had become vested in Georgia," and
the hen was the hen of Galphin. Nobody, there-
fore, could have understood that these lands were
included among those to which it was necessary
to extinguish the Indian title. But it is asked,
in the report of the Whig minority, made by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breck,] " Could
* Georgia, before the claim of Galphin was paid,
'say the Indian title to those lands belonged un-
' conditionally to the State ? or, was it not a living,
4 unextinguished title, which Georgia, to the ex-
< tent of this lieu, in equity and good faith, had no
4 claim to The lien of Galphin and the Indiaft
title, as the gentleman from Ohio, in his report,
has well said, are two quite different things.' The
Indian title was made perfect in Great Britain;
Great Britain jjave Galphin a lien oil that title to
the amount of his debt acknowledged by her; and
Galphin released all claim upon the Indians, rely-
ing only on the lien given him by Great Britain;
Georgia succeeded to these rights and obligations,
and has never pretended that the Indians had title
or claim to a single foot of the lands.
Again, tlvis minority of the committee say, " be-
j stdes, the Indians, as a party to the treaty of 1773,
i had a just right to insist and require that its stip-
| ulations shouli be performed." The answer to
j this is", that the cession to Great Britain was not
! only for the benefit of the traders, but being ac-
: cepted by them in satisfaction of their claims
against the Indians, the Indians, to whom they
had executed discharges, had no right or power to
require the execution of the trust, for they were
parties to no executory contract.
Another ground on which the Attorney General
and the Whig members of the committee have
placed the liability of the United States is this: It
is alleged that these lands were appropriated by
Georgia in donations and bounties to her soldiers,
for services in the public defence in aid of the cause
of the Revolution; and that the case comes within
the principles of the act of' 1832 in relation to pay-
ment of the pension debt of Virginia.' Now, sir,
admitting that the lands were appropriated in pay-
