THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
House, aS to his right to vote, He having served in
the Mexican war. The Chair ruled that the point
was made too late; that it should have been made
before the roll'was called.]
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Gorman, as thus amended.
And it was agreed to.
And the bill with these instructions was referred
•to the Committee on Public Lands.
PEACE CONGRESS.
The call for petitions and memorials proceeded.
The State of Ohio being called—
Mr. CROWELL rose and presented a petition
from citizens of the State of Ohio, praying Con-
gress to take measures to establish a Board of Ar-
bitration orforaCongress of Nationsto settle inter-
national disputes without a resort to arms.
Mr. C. moved the reference of the memorial to
a select committee.
Mr, STANTON, of Tennessee, moved its ref-
erence to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. INGE moved that the memorial be laid on
the table.
After a brief conversation, a motion was made
by Mr. JONES that the House adjourn.
The motion was rejected; and the motion to
lay the memorial on the table was rejected.
The question recurring on the motion to refer
thememoual to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs—
Mr-. CROWELL asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered , and being taken, were—
yeas 85, nays 97, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AJbertson, Alston, Anderson, Bay, Bayly,
Bocock, Bovvdon, Albert G. Brown, Wns.1 J. Biovvxi, Buel,
Burt, E. 0. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell. W. U.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Deberry, Dirmmck, Dis ney, Edmund-
son, Evvmg, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Geiry, Gor-
mon, Green, Hall, Hammond, Haralson, I. G. Harris.S. W.
Hairis, Hibbard, Milliard, Hoaglatid, Holliday, Howaid,
Hubbard, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jone-, Kaufman. La S&re,LefHei, Littleheld, Job
Mann, Maso.i, McCfernand, McDowell, Finis E. McLean,
McMullen. McQueen, McWillie, Milit>on, Morn*-, Mur>e,
Old*, Otr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Richardson, itobbnu-, Robinson, Ross, Savage. Suwtelle,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Vciuible, Wallace,
Watkins, Wellborn, WilducK, Williams, Woodward, and
Young—S5
NAVS—Messis. Alexander, Andrews, Ashmun, Bi?sell,
Booth, Bowk-, Brock, Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Butler,
T. B. Butter, Calvin, Campbell, Caiter, Casey, Chandler,
Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corvvin, Crowc'l,
Daniel, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Burkee, Ale.x*\ndei
Evan.-, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Gidrhngs, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Crinntll, Hallow ay, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Ray-
mond, flebard, Huny, Iloue, Ing<*-, Jackson, Julian, Kerr,
Daniel P King.' Grow G. King, Jarne-5 G. Kin<;. John
A. Kmir, Predion Kiii , Horace Mann, Mar>hall, M.ifte-oii,
McGau ln'y, M'-Ki—ock, Kobeit M. MeLane, Meacliam,
Moore, Nelson, Newell, Ogie. Oti.>, Pea.-lt e, Pha".u.\,
Pitman, Putnam, Ke< d, Iti-h-v, Rockwell, Root, Ruiu-ey.
Haekett, Schenck, Schennerhom, Silv  " ter, Spalding,
Spr.i^'iie, ^teiM>u, !>tionff, T'ljlor, Wiiham Thompson'
Thnrinan, Tuck, rndeihill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldcn,
Waldo, White, Wihnot. Wilson, and Wjnthrop 97
So the memorial was not referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Allans.
The question then recurring on the motion to
refer to a select committee,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the whole subject be laid on the table. He thought,
he said, that this foolery had gone far enough.
And on his motion he asked the yeas and nays;
And, thereupon, pending the question,
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr PHCCNfX etve notice that he would, at an eaily
day, ask leave to i- .oduce a bill to amend the warehouse
hiii.
Mi. SIBLEY Rri..- notice of a lull "to provide for the
coni-tmrh.m of cei trim loads in the Teintoiy of Minnesota."
The following
the rule, and
By Mr. ALBEIT"
and 1 lo others. cs*i
the pa-sage oi 'a i.i
ContrrM.^j the nrm\ ■
By ;?i.MJbLEi?
22 others, praj i-ni: f>
Point, in tho town c
safety and con von n
Inrboifs of Eilswo,
Desert, Tremont, i)-
A!>o, a petition o
a similar purpose.
By Mr. BAYLY:
irmustrator of Patrn
pra>miJ for the pa*S;:
tion ot French spa',
PETITIONS,
petitions were presented under
■ ropriately referred :
{ON: The petition of William Sclinee
ens of Toiey county, Indiana, pra}.og
t<u the abolUiou or" the Chaplaincy m
•,d navy.
The petition of Amnzsah Billings and
the c rectum of a Inrhthou-'e on Fav's
. Biooklin, coui'ty ot Hancock, tor4lie
■■e of" vessel*. sailing into and from
Blue HiIJ, S'liry, Sc'aville, Mount
■er Island and Sedgwick.
Ilc^ekiah Meaiio and 33 others, for
The petition of Robert Anderson, ad-
McCauly and Alexander MeCau .
■%e of a law to provide for the &atis
•aion< prior to 1SQ0.
Also, of Alfred BiUups, heir of Joiee Billyps, with a
similar prayer.
Also, of John Simklns and John A. Bnckhouse, adminis-
trators of Covington Simkins, with a similar prayer.
Also, the petition of George W. Everitt, of Phillips,
Maine, praying for an alteration of the Jaw regulating the
postage upon newspapers and review&.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut: The petition of Hen-
ly B. Glover, and 117 others, for reduction of postage. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. GOODENOW : The petition of Moses Carlton,of
Wtscasset, Maine ; also the petition of the heirs of Captain
William Foster, late of Wiscasset, and Erastus Foote, at-
torney, administrator and^assignee of H. Woodbury, for
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800, generally.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. BRTGGS: Resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of -New York, praying Congress to set apart a portion
of the public domain to exiles from Hungary, and to all act-
ual settlers, being citizens of the United States, a similar
portion of the public domain, tree of charge. Referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
Broome county, New York, for the liberation from prison of
Diayton and Sayre, and asking the attention of Congiet-s to
the refusal of the Secretary of State to grant a passport to
Henry Hambleton, on account of his coloi, and for other
purposes. Referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Also, the petition of C. Gurney and others, from tho State
of Michigan, ai-king the attention of Congress to the im-
prisonment of Drayton and Sayre, in the District of Colum-
bia, and to other grievances. Refeired to the Committee
for the Distuct of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Thomas Coats, of Morristown, New
York, for an nuahd pension. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Also, on motion of Mr. KING, the Committee on Revo- j
lutionary Pensions wpre instructed to inquire and report j
upon the right of Zachariah Barberto a pension.
By Mr. OWEN: The petition of William MeCord, H.
H. Haurmack, Wiiham Galloway, Nathan Bussey, Mo-es
Boynton, Littleton Hooten, William Isom, sen., John Mc-
Crary, S. M. Boynton, M. W. Stanhope, and one hundred
and seventy-five other citizens of the county ol Talbot, State
of Georgia, remonstrating against the appropiiation of the
national funds tft pay clergy for the Hou&es of Congress, tor
the army and navy, for mi litary schools and Indian stations;
atid to refiain from all legislation on the subject of religion;
which wa« referred to the Committee on the Judicial*).
By Mi GOTT : The peution of the teachers and students
of Manlm's Academv, New York, for cheap po?(age.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The memorial of the citizens of
Mount Clemens, Macomb county, Michigan, asking an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the Clinton river, in
said State.
Also, the petition for a mail route from Dexter to Lan-
sing, in Michigan.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of William Livingston and
90 others, citizens of -Clarion county, Pennsylvania, asking
change in the tariff' laws, and an increase of duties upon
Certain articles. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
By Mr. IilBBARD : The petition of John Hazen, of
Pittsburg, New Hampshire, a disabled soldier, praying for
the tii ant'of a pension. Referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
Also, the petition of Isaac Spaulding and others, Presi-
dent and Dnectojs of the Nashua Bank, New Hampshire,
piajiim a leductton of the rates of pr^tage. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Po«.t Road*.
B\ .Mr BOOTH. The petition of Ephinim Lyman, and 49
otheis, for the establishment of such measures as will pro-
duce univetsal peace.
Abo, the memorial of„the heirs of the late Stephen Grif-
fith, and others, for indemnity for French spoliations prior
to 1800.
Also, the memorial of the New Haven Insuuuice Company
and individuals ofJVew Haven, in the State of Connecticut,
for indemnity for French spoliations prior to 180*1.
Also, the petition of 91 inhabitants of Guilford, in tho State
of Connecticut, for the reduction of pos-'age.
Also, tl>e petition of Jo-iah Brewei, m behalf of himself
and the teachers and pupils of the Elm City Female semi-
nary of New Haven, Connecticut, for the reduction of post-
age:
AImi, the resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Connecticut in relation to slaver). Ouiered to be laid on the
table and pi mted.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Darwin Atwater
and other*, citizens of Portage count)', Ohio, praying for
tfte adoption of some means to dispense with a resort to
aims in the settlement of national contioversies.
Aho, the petition of P. Voris and others, citizens of Sum-
mit county, Ohio, praying Congress to take measures to
establish arbitration, or a Congress of Nations, to settle
national controversies.
Al-=o, the petition of'H. B. Little, S P.Leeds, and others, ■
citizens of Cuyahoga Fall*, Summit county, Ohio, prayine ||
the establishment of arbitration, or a Congress of Nations, l|
to settle international controversies ; which were severally jj
referred to a select committee. j
Also, the lesolufions of the Legislature of Ohio, request- ■
ing the Senators and Representative? in the Congress of the i j
United Slates to procure the passage of a law reducing the j'
price of lands in the vicinity of the Wabash and Erioand j;
Viaim Extension Canals. Referred to Uie Committee on |!
Public Lands. h
By Mr. G. A. CALDWELL • The petition of Charles D. 11
Semple and many other citizen* of Bonicia, California, ask- '!
ing Congress to establish a branch mint, poit of entrv, and f
custom house ar that place. Referred to the Committee of >,
Wavs and Means. : i
Also, the memorial of a meeting of officers and soldiers of !'
the war of 1812, held at Fiankfort, Kentucky, asking: a grant j j
I of public lands for their services in said war. Referred to
j the Committee on Military Affairs.
| Also, the memorial of certain officers of the 2d regiment
j of Kentucky volunteers assembled in Danville, Kentucky,
• asking an appropriation of .public toads by Congress to the
officers of our army in the late war with Mexico. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ggBy Mr. CROWELL: The lesolutions of the Legislature
of Ohio, instructing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives to inquire into the expediency of procuring the
passage of a law authorizing the survey, and appropriation
of a portion of the territory acquired from Mexico, for the
bt-nefi^of all free persons of color who become actual set-
tlers, and to establish schools for them. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. BUTLER,of Connecticut: The peution of James
M. Bunce,'and others, praying a reduction of postage.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of WilliamG. Maupin
and John F. C. Potrs, second and third clerk* in the Naval
Store at Portsmouth, Virginia, asking an increase of com-
pensation. Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GERRY asked that the petition and papers m the
case of Peter Frast, for a pension, be taken from the files of
this House and referred to the appropriate Committee.
A'nd also, the same disposition of the petition and papers
of Amaziah Goodwin; which motions were agreed to.
On motion by Mr. GOODENOW, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papers in the case of Francis
Ttibou, and the same were referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 28, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
covering a report of the Chief of Topographical
Engineets, made m compliance witli a resolution
of the 4th instant calling for the survey and exam-
ination of the river Savannah, made by Lieut. M.
L« Smith; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, covering a report of the Chief of Topo-
graphical Engineers, made in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 7th instant, calling
for reports, plans, and estimates for improving the
entrances from Lake Michigan into Maskegon
Lake, Black River, and Gland River; which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Phcebe and Sylvia Ann Wood, daughters of the
late Jethro Wood, asking that the heirs of said
Wood may be remunerated for the benefits con-
ferred on the people of the United States by his
improvements in the plough; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, from the Agricultural Society of the State
of New York, and from the members of the Legis-
lature of New York, and from citizens of Cayuga
county, New York, all asking that the heirs of
Jethro Wood may be remunerated for the great
benefits his improvements have conferred; which
were referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, the memorial of Hartwell Carver, and his
associates, asking an act of incorporation and the
aid of Government to enable them to construct a
railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Also, from citizens of Batavia, New York, ask-
ing a reduction of postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, from citizens of Westchester county, New
York, asking a reduction of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from TheophilusHardenbrook,
asking to be remunerated for his losses and suffer-
ings while a prisoner of war in Dartmoor prison,
England, during the war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of J. R.
Creecy, asking compensation for his services and
reimbursement of his (Expenses m raising and sub-
sisting volunteers for the service of the United
States' in the late war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of John Mason, deceased;
which weie refened to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present the
petition of citizens of Erie county, New York,
praying for the adoption of measures for "the ami-
cablc adjustment of all international difficulties. I
move its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted documents from the
New York Custom House, showing the compara-
