mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
ment of services rendered the whole couptry in a
common csuse, the case does not come within the
principles of that act. Virginia, by an act of her
legislature, had paid out of her own treasury a
large amount in pensions to certain of her officers
w.ho had served in the Revolution. These payments
having.been made by Virginia for services ren-
dered in the cause of our national independence,
Congress, by the act of 1832, assumed this pension
debt, and reimburse ! her precisely as other States
had been allowed for advances made on account
of the public service. At best, then, this can be
regarded as nothing more than a precedent for the
passage of a law to pay Georgia the amount of the
claim whenever she herself should pay it. By
the act of 1791), funding the debts of the several
S.tates, each State was allowed its advances on ac-
count of the United States; but Virginia's pen-
sion debt not having been funded, Congress passed
the law of 1832, and directly authorized its pay-
ment. If these lands, then, were donated as is
claimed, it is fair to presume that they were cred-
ited to Georgia in the settlement of her accounts,
and that*she was allowed all they were worth.
But whether they were credited and allowed or
not is imrnateiia!, so long as tn& debt of Galphin
was not the debt of Georgia. Georgia never made
it her debt- She has neither paid it nor acknowl-
edged her liability to pay it. Nor would she ever
admit the liability of the United States to pay it;
but on the contrary, she has at all times and on
all occasions repudiated u as a fraud upon this
Governmentalikeas upon herself. Georgia, then,
does not come here to ask the benefit of the prin-
ciple of the law of 1832, and Galphin ha3 no right
to ask it for her—much less had he a right to ask
it for himself.
But 1 do no.t admit that the lands were appro-
priated for the support of the common cause of all
the States. I have not seen the proof of this. Col-
laterally, they may have aided that cause, so far
as they were donated to the State troops of Geor-
gia, byfjiiakwg those troops more effective, but
tlxey were riot used for the benefit of the United
States. They were granted, to some extent, but
to what is quite uncertain, to her own State troops
as gratuities in addition to the donations made by
the United States. In this, Georgia did no more
than many other States did for then* own troops.
Sjuch States as had land made donations to their
own soldiers, but it was on their own account and
at their own option. The land was'their own, and
they could use it as they saw fit. If Georgia thus
used any of these lands, it was an appropriation
of the fund which could make nobody but herself
liable for the incumbrance charged upon it.
Thus far, sir, m the discussion of these ques-
tions, I have found- my own opinion fortified, my
judgmentenlightened, and my argument approved,
by both the report of the gentleman from Ohio
and the report made by the chairman of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Burt ] But, sir, I must now leave
these gentlemen, differing as I do with every
member of the committee on the most important
of all the questions involved in this investigation.
That committee have reported to this House, as
embodying the conclusions to which they have
come, the following resolutions:
<« ]$f. Re*oU-e'lM That the claim of the representatives of
Geoitjo Galphin was not a jutt demand against the United
State1-.
" 2d. R'sohed, That the act of Congress made jt the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the principal of the
said claim, aikt it was therefore paid, kin conformity with
law 'amik precedent.7
«3J. Resolved, That the act aforesaid did not authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay interest on said claim, and
its payment was not4in conlormity with law* or <piece-
dent.' "
The first resolution is agreed to by the Demo-
crats on the committee and disagreed to by the
Whigs. There were, therefore, five votes in its
favor to four against it. The third resolution is
agreed to by the same vote, while the second is
agreed to unanimously by both Democ;ats and
Whigs. He who should charge that the vote on
the first and third resolution was controlled by
party considerations, indicating that political pre-
judice demanded censure from Democrats and ap-
probation from Whigs, could not fail to see that
the vote on the second resolution much more
Btiungly justifies the suspicion of party prejudice.
To justify the late Secretary of the Treasury,
(Mr' Walker,) in the payment of the principal of
the Galphin claim, this resolution was necessary.
To justify the. present Secretary (Mr. Meredith)
in the payment of the interest on that claim, it was
equally necessary. In uniting in the support of
that resolution, therefore, the Democratic major-
ity and the Whig minority have each done what
it found itself compelled to do in making a defence
of the one and the other of these men, and in this
resolution they have found common-ground up<m
which to predicate a defence. The majority hold
that there was no liability on the part of the
United States except such as the act of 1848 cre-
ated; and while they find in this act alone the au-
thority under which their Secretary paid the prin-
cipal, the1 minority are compelled to establish the
liability of the Government prior to that time, and
to bring it to the aid of that act for the authority
under which their Secretary paid the interest.
Now, sir, I repudiate the doctrine of each and
both, while I deny that that act either made it
the duty of Secretary Walker to pay the princi-
pal, or that it was in any manner a recognition of
the liability of this Government. I go further than
this, sir. I say that Mr. Walker, in paying the
principal of that claim, commuted an act for
which he not only ought to have been censured,
but impeached and removed from office. It was
a payment not only without authority of law, but
incorrupt contravention of justice. None of his
friends pretend to place his justification on the
ground that anything was found due Galphin
from the United States,, On the contrary, the ma-
jority of the committee say that it was not a just
demand against the United Stales. The gentle-
man from Ohio, in his report, says, "there was
neither a legal nor an equitable obligation on the
United States to pay this claim;" the chairman
of the committee says, that " upon none of the
grounds relied on could the United States be justiy
held liable for the claim;" nor does Mr. Walker
himself pretend that anything was found due from
the United States, nor that he even examined the
claim for the purpose of ascertaining. Sir, f re-
gret that my general approval of the argument of
the gentleman from Ohio must be so far qualified
as to except that portion of ms report which as-
serts that the act of 1848 made it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay this claim. And
in this connection, inasmuch as i regard that re«
port as a most able and dignified paper, worthy
the occasion, and highly creditable to the position
df the gentleman, I desire to except another thing
from any measure of praise and approval that I
have bestowed, or shall bestow upon it. I mean
his covert insinuation that the President of the
United Slates had connected himself with the
transaction, so far as to sustain and approve the
mode in which the claim has been prosecuted and
adjudicated. Indeed, the insinuation is more than
this; but to whatever extent and in whatever de-
gree it is intended to be charged that the Presi-
dent has participated in this fraud upon theTreaa-
uty,Iamsure it is without truth or foundation.
I agree with the gentleman in the disapprobation
he expresses as to the official acts of Secretary
Meieduh, the Secretary of War, and Attorney
General Johnson. No word of mine shall be ut-
tered in defence of those acts, and I now denounce
and condemn them as unjustifiable and dangerous;
but no part of their responsibility is shared by the
President; nor is there authority for connecting
him with the transaction, in an attempt to sully
his fair fame and bring reproach upon his charac-
Ur. Sir, he needs no defence from efforts like
the&e. His character is every where a guarantee
against corruption and dishonesty, both m his
own acts and in his counsels to others. What-
ever individual members of his Cabinet may have
done in this matter, has been done on their indi-
vidual, official responsibility, and not as the act of
the Administration. The friends of the claim
who may represent that it has the approval of the
Executive, for the purpose of clothing it in more
comely garb and to save it from utter infamy, will
be sure to cast odium on the Administration,
whatever strength the representation may give
Galphin. No discieet friend of the President will
make such representation. Whenever Galphin
shall be admitted into the household of the Ad-
ministration as a friend, it will be in the day of the
dishonor and defeat, the prostration and infamy of
that Administration. Let the responsibility rest
where it belongs; but let not gentlemen on the
other side of the House attempt to make party
capital out of this question, until they can relieve
their own Secretary (Mr. Walker) from the
weight of odious responsibility resting on him by
reason of his having first opened the Treasury to
this antique and hoary-headed relic of the colonial
time, why did not the gentleman from Ohio de-
nounce the first attack and draft upon the Treas-
ury? That was the first great error, and he who
committed it was first deserving the gentleman's
denunciation. It will not do to condemn Mr.
Meredith for the payment of the interest, and hold
Mr, Walker blameless for paying the principal;
and those gentlemen who do s© can find less justi-
fication for their conduct in the act of 1848 than in
the prejudices of party. *
Sir, what is the act of 1848? I recollect the
bill, and I recollect the time it passed this House,
though it has been said that it passed sub silentio
on the last night of the session, when but few
members were in their seats, and fewer still knew
what the bill was. It was, indeed, on a hot night
of a, dog-day session, when almost the business of
a session was crowded into a few hours, and no
time was left for examination. But I voted for
the bill, as I had done for other bills of a like char-
acter, time and again, and as I have sirce done,
because, without assuming, admitting, or recog-
nizing a liability on the part of the Government,
it transferred an examination and adjustment of a
complex claim from Congress to a department
whete an examination and adjudication could the
better be made. Such being the bill, I could have
no objection to its passage; and the views which
governed my own vote, 1 cannot doubt, induced
others to vote for it.
What, sir, is the true, natural, and common-
sense construction of that act? Mr. Walker saya
he " considered that the law clearly recognized the
obligation of the United States to pay the claim,
whatever it might be." But does it bear that con-
struction ? Did Congress so intend? if so, in
what position is the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Burt,] the gentleman from Mississip-
pi, [Mr. Featherston,] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mann,] three of the majority
of this committee, placed? They, each and all,
say the claim was not a just demand against the
United States, but that the law made it the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay it. Now,
sir, these gentlemen were, with myself, members
of the last Congress, and with me they voted for
that bill; or, at least, they did not oppose it, nor
did either of them even object to its passage. If,
then, their construction of the law is correct, how
do they stand excused for their action in binding
the United States to pay what they say was an
unjust claim which the United States ought not to
have paid ? By their action they assisted to make
valid and just what they say was before invalid
and unjust ! By their aid the United States be-
came bound to pay what they hold she ought al-
ways to ha\e repudiated. This is the position in
which these gentlemen are placed by their con-
struction of the law; for it will hardly be denied
that they gave the bill at least a negative support.
For my own sake, more than theirs, and, more
than all, for the sake of a just accountaoi!iry.as
between Congress and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I rejoice in the conviction that their construc-
tion is unwarranted and erroneous. If Congress
had intended to recognize the justice and validity
of the claim, and to pay it at all events, wherefore
the necessity or propriety of referring it to the
Secretary of the Treasury for examination and
adjustment? If they meant to bind the Govern-
ment, what was there for the Secretary of the
Treasury to examine and adjust? And why an
examination after the Government was bound?
An examination was of no importance for any
other purpose than to ascertain if the United States
were liable to pay, and an adjustment by the Sec-
retary was entirely unnecessary after that had
been determined by Congress. It was the exam-
ination in reference to liability, and not adjust-
ment as to amount, that Congress desired to trans-
fer. The question of liability being settled, the
adjustment of the amount was not difficult. As
proof of this, it need only be mentioned that Mr.
Walker paid the same, amount that was liquidated
by the British Government in 1775, only reducing
the same to our own currency.
Mr. Speaker, I am not altogether ignorant of
the strength of party prejudices; I know how
they are accustomed to influence and control the
judgment and the actions of men. I know, too,
with what effect official patronage and power may
