I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
in (he first place, and the preparations made for
the appointments necessary to execute that law.
I move, sir, that it be made the special order of
the day for Thursday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not hear the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts distinctly,
but I would suggest to him that, if tins is not a
bill of very urgent necessity, there are other bills
which certainly are of a very urgent character. I
am very unwilling they should be postponed, un-
less for special reasons. I must confess that for
one 1 am unwilling to transact the ordinary legis-
lation of the country until certain momentous ques-
tions are settled.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I did not take
into consideration that matter. 1 was not instruct-
ed by the committee to do it. I can only say, in
reply to my worthy friend fiom Mississippi, that
he must perceive, and every gentleman must per-
ceive, that if the census of the country is to be
taken with reference to the first of June, which is
the usual period, the time ia now very short to
make the necessary preparations for such an exe-
' cution of the law. The law itself has to be passed;
blanks have to be printed and distributed over this
wide country, and persons appointed to take the
census, under the provisions of the law; 1 am in-
duced, therefore, anfl it is, I believe, the view of
the committee which I represent, to move an early
day for the consideration of this bill, otherwise
there would be no hope of accomplishing a con-
stitutions! duty. This is a constitutional duty,
which returns upon us this year, and we are only
anxious to fulfill it. That is all. i therefore wish
to take this bill up on Thursday next, because the
emergency seems to demand it.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 only wish to make a single
remark further. The reasons given by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts are certainly very cogent,
for I he purpose which he names, viz: lo persuade
us to take up this matter for early consideration;
but I do think that there are matters before us of
an imperiously urgent character, that are entitled
to precedence over it. I suppose the honorable
Senator will be content with allowing two weeks'
delay to occur, and it will lie then early enough
to act upon the subject which he mentions, and
then other matters might be immediately disposed
of. I for one am exceedingly anxious that some
other matters, unnecessary now to be specified,
should be acted on by this body before anything
in the ordinary couise of legislation is proceeded
with.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Mississippi
will perceive that I have not the slightest disposi-
tion to interpose obstacles in the way of any
measure which he has introduced. I am influ-
enced entirely by the consideration that the time
is now unusually short, and that unless we push
the bill through this body, it will be impossible to
pass it through the House, and get it to the country
in season to accomplish the object of the law. I
hope, therefore, the Senate will indulge me by
having this taken up on Thursday next.
The motion to make the bill the special order
for Thursday next, at one o'clock, was ihen
agreed to.
* Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
George Harvey, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to amend the act regulating the appointment
and pay of engineers in the navy of the United
States; which was read and ordered to a second
reading. , ,
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Lewis A. Thomas and Thomas Rogers, re-
ported a bill for their relief, accompanied by a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rcso're/f. That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to cominunu-ate to tile Senate a statement showing the j
number ot acres of land within the present area of the
Milwaukee land district, the number of acres sold, and the
Quantity remfiii'h'ft ; as also a statement of the
amount received for the sale ot public lauds situated
wuhin the present limits of said district, discriminating be-
tween the amount paid for such lands in the office atGreen
Bay and that paid at Milwaukee, sinee the establishment of
the land office at tiie falter place.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the judgment of the Senate it is expe-
dient to reestablish diplomatic relations with the Govern-
mentof the Germanic Confederacy.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War hp direetfd, if in his
power, to communicate to the Senate a statement showing
the extent and value of the commerce on Lakes Ontario,
Erie, Huron, Michigan, and Superior, exhibiting the amount
of tonnage of American vessels, whether propelled by wind
or steam, engaged in this commerce; the aggregate cost of
such vessels, the number of mariners employed on board,
and the annual expense of manning and working the vessels,
with the number of passengers transported therem, and the
amiual va'ue of that branch of trade; also, such information
in regard to the tonnage, &c., of the British shipping on
these several Lakes as may be in possession of the depart-
ment under his charge.
OPERATIONS OF THE MINT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting the annual report
of the Directorof the Mint, showing the operations
of the mint and its branches during the year 1849;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. FOOTE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill granting to the
States of Alabama and Mississippi respectively a
donation of public lands, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the city of Mobile to the mouth
of the Ohio river; which was read a first and
second time and referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. F. also, in puisuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Margaret E. Carnes, widow of Peter A.
Carnes; which was read twice and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to cede the
public lands of the United States to the States re-
spectively in which they are situated, on condition
that the said States shall severally grant and con-
vey the said lands to actual occupants only, m
limited quantities, for cost of survey, transfer, and
title muniments merely; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill granting land to the refugees who
took part in the struggle for liberty and independ-
ence in Hungary.
RELATIONS WITH CENTRAL AMERICA.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by him on the 15th inst., which
was adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to he laid belore the Senate, (in open ses-
sion, if, in his opinion, consistent with the public nueiept,
otherwise in Executive session,) copies of alt msti actions
and communications of the late Secretary of State to our
late chars* d'affaires at Guatemala, and all dispatches and
communications from said charge d'affaires to the Depart-
ment of State, including any conventions or treaties he may
have concluded with either of the States comprising the Sate
Republic of Central America; and al«o all eoriespondence
between our said charge d'affaires and the Governments or
representatives of either of said States; and also all commu-
nications and instructions from the present Secretaiy of
State to our Jate char26 d'affaires or our present charge
d'affaires to either of said States; and of all dispatcher or
communications from our charge d'affaires to the Depart-
ment of State, including any conventions or treaties he may
have concluded with either ofeaid Slates; and also all cor-
respondence between the Department ot State and either
of said charges d'affaires touching the so-called kingdom of
the Mo-quitops and the ritfht of way from the Atlantic
through Lake Nicaragua.
SURRENDER OF FUGITIVE SLAVES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order of the day, viz: the bill providing for
the more effectual execution of the 3d clause of
the 2d scction of the 4th article of the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. MASON, being entitled to the floor, rose
and addressed the Senate in favor of the bill. He
said:
Mr. President, I desire to get this bill to a vote
hefore this body, in order that it may be enacted
into law as soon as practicable, should it be the
pleasure of Congress so to do. I introduced the
bill "here, sir, to discharge a duty which I owe to
the people whom I represent, and in obedience
to instructions of the General Assemblyrfof the
State of Viiginia. I am free to confess that
although the bill and the amendments have been
framed with some care, and the amendments have
met the approbation of the Committee on the
Judiciary, 1 have but little hope that it will afford
the remedy it is intended to afford. I fear, Mr.
President, that the disease is seated too deeply to
be reached by ordinary legislation, f fear, sir,
that the legislative bodies of the non-siaveholding
States, and the spirit of their people, have inflicted
a wound upon the Constitution which will prove
itself immedicabilt. I fear it .will be round
that even this law will be of little worth in secu-
ring the rights of those for whose benefit it is in-
tended; and yet, if the remedies proposed could be
enforced, they would be found of exceeding value
and importance, not alone to the people of the
State which I represent, but of all the southern
States now holding the African race in bondage.
Sir, it is not only important, but it is indispensa-
ble to the security of their property and the integ-
rity of their institutions. What is the present
state of things? The property held by that part of
the United States, valued at hundreds of millions
of dollars, is the subject of wanton depredation by
the people of the non-slaveholding States, although
the right to this property exists not in the ordinary
tenure of property alone, but is secured by the fun-
damental laws of this Government, it is the sub-
ject Of depredation—of wanton depredation—by
the p«ople of the non-slaveholding States, under
the sanction of tljeir governments, i fear, there-
fore, seriously fear, that, pass what law we may,
such law will be found inoperative; for no law can
be carried into effect, unless it is sustained and
supported by the loyalty of the people to whom it
is directed.
What are the provisions of the fundamental law ?
In the fourth article of the Constitution there are
two clauses providing for the extradition of certain
classes of persona escaping from one State to
another—clauses that lie m juxtaposition, con-
ceived at the same time, and written upon the
same page, and eiich of them—I submit not only
to Senators, but to the world—each of them plain,
distinct, unequivocal in their import, and the ends
designed to be attained. Now, sir, even should I
succeed, though in a plain and humble manner, to
direct the attention of the country to the existing
state of things in relation to these clauses of the"
Constitution, and not startle these people into re-
bellion against the Government ol their own States,
this law, if passed, will remain, I am afraid, a
dead letter upon your statute-book, as the present
law is. It is provided in the fourth article of the
Constitution as follows:
« A person charged in any State with treason, felony, or
other crime, who shall flee from justice, and be fbtimi in
another State, shall, on demand ol the executive authority
of the sUate from which he fled, be delivered up to be re-
moved to the State havingjurisdicuon of the cmne."
This is the first clause of extradition—a clause
operating in all the" States—made for the benefit of
all the States, and each of the States is alike inter-
ested in havi/ig it executed.
What is the other clause?
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping to another, shall, in consequence
of any law or regulation therein,?be discharged fiom such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on the claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
Clauses, sir, having a kindred purpose, the one
designed to efi'ect the surrender of fugitives from
justice, (he other designed to effect the surrender
of fugitives from labor—each clause imperative
upon the Government framed under ihat Constitu-
tion, and upon the States who are parties to it.
But this latter clause, Mr. President, which pro-
vides for the extradition of fugitives from labor,
is a clause that inures to the benefit of some of the
States and not to all. It inures to the benefit of
those who unhappily are now in tfce minority—a
minority, not in the number of States, but a
minority in the number of the people. 1 he slave-
holding States, sir, are alone interested in the
faithful and proper execution of this second clause
for extradition; and we are to look to the majority
to execute that law, against which their peoj le
have been for more than a quarter of a ccntury m
revolt—ay, sir, in revolt. I think I am warranted, -
then, in the apprehension expressed, that no low
which can be passed by the Congress of the Uni«td
Suites will afford the remedy which this law is in-
tended to supply, unless it is sustained and sup-
ported by the people to whom it is addressed.
Sir, let me present another view of this question.
The clause which I have lead was intended—upon
the faith and honor of all the States—to securt to
the owners of these fugitives from labor the sttr-
