1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
■ISiT-
tee on Naval Affairs that the matter would belong
partly to that committee. I was, however, merely
going to state that it was on account of the service
these marines rendered on shore as infantry that
the military committee thought proper to take
charge of the case. If it be thought necessary to
amend this bill, I have no objection whatever to
its being referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and I hope my colleague will agree to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree entirely with my col-
league from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and I will
consent to this bill being referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. I will, however, take occa-
sion to correct a slight mistake with regard to the
prize-money. I do not believe that any of them
have got prize-money. 1 know of no.case in which
they had an opportunity; and I hope the matter
will be fully investigated by the committee; be-
cause I have the statement of the officers and also
of the department, as well as that of the poor
sailors themselves; and they will see that, whether
they were entitled to prize-money or not, they
never received any. If the honorable chaiiman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs makes the motion
to refer this bill to that committee, I am perfectly
willing that it should be sjlreferred.
Mr. YULEE. No, I* shall not make such a
motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on Naval Affaiss,
for one or two reasons. This bill, it appears to
me, is the introduction of a new system. Here-
tofore we have given lands by way of bounty,
according to the contracts made with those who
enlist in the public service. Now, sir, we are for-
getting these contracts and their fulfillment, and
this Congress proposes to give lands not-only to
our own soldiers and sailors who have risked
their lives in the public service, and who are en-
titled to them by their contracts, but we have res-
olutions to give these lands to everybodyjn the
world, foreigners and everybody else. Now, 1
want to suggest to the Naval Committee, when
they take this subject under their consideration, if
it should be referred to them, the propriety of in-
troducing an amendment embracing such a pro-
vision as has heretofore existed in reference to
these donations, to prevent the assignability of
these warrants, and the traffic in them, until the
soldier or the sailor gets his patent in his pocket.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Such a provision, I be-
lieve, is not included m this law, except by way
of reference. I have not, however, examined the
bill so closely as the Senator from Illinois, and am
not able to say positively that such a provision is
not contained in the bill. This bill says that sailors
shall be put upon the same footing with soldiers
under an act to raise for a limited time an addi-
tional military force. It is the ninth section of that
act that is to apply to the ease of marines. I have
not read that section to see whether it contains the
limitation I wish. Ifitisnotin that section, but
is found in some other portion of the act, then
this reference to the ninth section will not adopt
the residue of the act which may impose a limita-
tion or restriction upon the vendability of these
warrants. I mention this, so that such a provision
may be introduced into the bill; and if the ninth
section is not sufficient to embrace it, then I hope
it may be embraced by a distinct provision. I
make these remaiks, because ihis appears to me
to be a new system, and unless this restriction be
put into it, then the bill will only be a benefit to
the speculator. The sailors whom we wish to
benefit would sell their warrants for a mere song,
and we should not be conferring any benefit upon .
them. I move that this bill be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. YULEE. 1 would state that I have been
called upon by a class of officers whose case
comes within the principle of th.s bill, but who
are not provided for by it, and tor whom it is
proper we should provide in the same bill. - I will
fuither state that I have been called upon in per-
son by one of the sailors who was engaged in the
operations on the Mexican coast, ar.d who in-
formed me that the Squadron was entitled to prize-
money for some ten or fifteen vessels; but he had
not received his money, though he believed the
officers had, and had gone off to Europe. 1 told
him the committee would examine the matter.
This fact shows that there is a necessity, or a pro-
priety at least, of looking into the matter. Be-
sides, I am inclined to think it will be a kindness
to the sailors, considering bow bountifully we
have dealt with the soldiers, that we should give
them money to be received from the purser with
their pay, rather than to give them land or a right
to a warrant for lands, half of which will be taken
up by the fees of agents 6r land jobbers. But
these will be matters for the committee to con-
sider.
Mr. KING. 1 hope this bill will be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was accordingly so referred.
PRIVATE BILL.
On the motion of Mr. MILLER, the Senate
took up for consideiation Senate bill No. 189,
being the bill for the relief of Thomas M. Taylor
and Francis B. Stockton.
The bill was considered in Committee of the
Whole, and no amendment having been proposed,
it was reported to the Senate, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a thud
time, and passed.
PRIVATE CLAIM.
Mr. BUTLER. At my instance, the other
day, the joint resolution for the relief of Charles
F. Sibbald was laid upon the table. Since that
time I have considered the matter, and have now
no objection to it. 1 move that it may now be taken
up and disposed of.
The resolution was taken up accordingly.
Mr. KING-. This resolution was discussed a
few days since, and 1 was under the impression
then that the Senate would see the propriety of
not having this submitted to three persons named
there,* in order to have justice done to the individ-
ual. I stated then that the expense that would
be incurred would be considerable, as we knew
from the circumstance that took place during this
session, in consequence of the submission of a
claim referred the last session, and which created
a considerable expense, when there was no neces-
sity for it while there was an officer of the Gov-
ernment proper to settle these claims. if there is
anything more due, or if there is anything to be
submitted as additional evidence, then there may
be some propriety in authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to reexamine the case, and deaide
upon it in reference to the new evidence. In order
to test the sense of the Senate, I propose to strike
out the three persons named and insert " the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to re-
examine the case." \
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out the words t( First Auditor, Second
Comptroller, and Solicitor of the Treasury."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I now move to insert the words
" the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized to reexamine the case."
Mr. WHITCOMB. I am opposed to the prin-
ciple, where so large a claim is involved, of leav-
ing it to executive officers of the Government to
pass upon it without the supervision of Congress.
If theie can be an amendment reserving the
power for Congress to supervise the matter, I
shall vote for it; otherwise, I must vote against
it.
Mr. CLAY. If there is to be further debate, I,
shall move to lay it upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The question being taken, the motion was deci-
ded in the negative.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the admissipn of California as a State
into the Union, to establish territorial govern-
ments for Utah and New Mexico, and making
proposals to Texas for the establishment of her
western and noithern boundaries.
Mr. COOPER resumed the remarks begun on
Saturday, and finished, after addressing the Sen-
I ate for two hours and a half.
Mr. SEWARD rose simultaneously with Mr.
| BELL and Mr. UPHAM, but gave way to Mr.
i UPHAM, who addressed the Senate until near 4
| o'clock, when he gave way on the suggestion of
■ Mr. BADGER, without finishing, for a motion to
i adjourn. [See Appendix for the speech.]
1 The further consideiation of the subject was
1 then postponed until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
! The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ;
Tuesday , July 2, 1850. '' • '
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved".**
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to take up'the
bills from the Speaker's table which would give
rise to no debate.
Mr. JONES objected, unless all bills Could be
taken up: he had no objection to that. ' '
Mr. NEWELL asked the unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution, which was read for, ill'
formation, as follows:
Resolved, That thp Committee on Commerce bo instructed
to inquire mto the expediency of making appropriations to
remove obstrucnons from the mouths of Shrewsbury and
MdUASuUdn livers, on the Atlantic coast or New Jersey ;
al-o, into th . expediency of making an appropriation to pro-
vide means for the preservation of hie mid property from
sh.pwreck, similar to those now in use on Uie Long Island
and New Jersey shores, to be located, one ai Watch HtU
point, near the dividing line between Connecticut and
Rhode Island, one oa the fcouth bide of Manascjuan river,
New Jer&ey, others bt-tween those already established on
Long island, and others between Cape May and Cape Hat-
teras, on the Atlantic coasf; a]so, to paint the houses al-
ready erected by order of the la>t Congress, and to provide
certain articles for them which are now wanting, and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FKATHERSTO.N objected, and called for
the regular order of business.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, renewed his
appeal to the House, by unanimous consent, tv>
take up the bills on the Speaker's table, even if
they should give rise to debate. He did not be-
lieve there would be much debate, or that the
whole matter would take more than an hour.
They related to business merely*, and it was im-
portant that they should be taken up and referred.
He hoped his friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
and the House would agree to the proposition.
There weie three or four messages from the de-
partments, in answer to resolutions calling lor in-
formation; and there was a great accumulation of
Senate bills and other matters: he hoped the House
would agree to clear the table.
Mr. W1LMOT objected, and called for the reg-
ular order of business.
THE GALPHIK CLAIM.
The Speaker announced that the first business
in order was the report of the select committee
upon the conduct of the Secretaiy of War in con-
nection with the Gfalphin case.
Mr. BRECK (who had last evening given way
to a motion to adjourn) resumed and concluded
his remarks m defence of the payment of-the
claim, principal and interest. '
Mr. SCHENC& made some remarks disap-
proving the conduct of the Secretary of War. He
concluded by offering a resolution, as a substitute
for the amendment proposed by Mr. Toombs yes-
terday, which was read, as follows;
Resolved, That while this House, after " full investiga-
tion," does not hud c.iuse u> impute to the Secretary of
War any corruptconduct" or fraudulent practice in pro-
cuiiug ni allowance and payment or tue claim of therep-
H sciiiutiveb oi Gooige Galpiun, jet it does -uoi approve his
" lelauoti" to that ciaim in this, that hp continued to be
interested in the piosecutioi> of it while it was to be ex-
amined, adjudicated, and paid, by oue of the departments
or the Government, ne hini&eli, at toe saute lime holding
ofhee a  the head 01 one of those depaitiuents.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, addressed the
House during his hour, in defence of the claim and
m reply to pans of Mr. Brooks 'a speech, and of the
repoit of Mr.Burt. He considered tne propriety of
the paymentof ihepimcipal beyondcoubt,theGov-
ermnent having expiessly assumed the obligation;
and directed his argument principally to a vindica-
tion oi me payment of interest, maintaining that it
was in accordance, with the established piactice of
this und of other Governments, and with jUblice.
lie said it was universally admitted by gentlemen
who iiail spoken, that the claim was go^d on the
part of Gaiphin, but there was a dttfei tnce of opin-
ion as to the proper payor; some contendingthat
it was Georgia, outers Great Britain, in either case,
he argued that it was binding on the United States;
if originally payable by Georgia that it had. been
assum.d by the United States; and independently
of this special assumption by the act of ld4d, that
justice lequired thatGeoigiu should be released of
the obligation, because the lands were appfrtsd'to
the particular defence of the common country
the Revolution, and came within the principles of
the assumption act of 1790, and theactiof Congress
of 1832, and also in consideration of her cession to
