TKE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July
the United 'States of that immense and valuable
territory, now composing the States of Alabama
and Mississippi. If due from Great Britain, no
punciple of public law was better settled than that
the Government should protect its citizens, and in
cas§ of failure to enforce the payment from foreign
Governments of the claims of its citizens, should
itself assume the obligation. •
Mr. FEATHERS TON, as a member of the se-
lect committee, defended the resolutions reported
by that part of the committee with whom he had
concurred, replying to the arguments in justifica-
tion of the Secretary of War, and expressing his
determination to demand a vote on each resolution
separately, particularly with a view to the enact-
mentof laws which should prevent any recurrence
of the abuse which he believed to have been prac-
ticed in the payment of interest on the Galphin
claim.
Mr. DISNEY then obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House during the hour. After de-
claring that the debate, so far as it had gone, had
only confirmed his convictionsas to the justice and
propriety of the views set forth in the report he
had heretofore made, he proceeded further to
enforce these, views by their application to the ar-
guments of gentlemen on the other side of the
House, and to reply to the remaiks of Messrs.
Toombs and Stephens, of Georgia.
[A full report of the above speeches will appear
in the Appendix.]
Mr. McKISSOCK then obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. SCHENCK, who said, that he desired that
the amendment which he had offered should stand
as a substitute for the resolution reported by the
majority of the committee.
Mr. S. also offered the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the resolution of Mr.
Toombs:
Provided, however, That ihi« House is not understood as
approvingly relation to that claim, in continuing to be in-
terested in the pro&eeuiion of it when it was to be exam-
ined, adjusted, <md paid by one of the departments of the
Government, he huu ell being at the same nine at the head
ofanother of those depaitmenis; b it the House coiissideis
that hitch connection arid interest of a member of the Cab-
inet with a claim pending and prosecuted before another
department, would be dangerous as a piecedent, aiul ou^ht
not to be sanctioned.
Mr.^THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
offer the following as an amendment to the substi-
tute of Mr. Schenck, to come in after the word
" approved:"
 ■' lint decidedly disnppioveaand dissents from the opin-
ion given by the Attorney Geneial in favor of an allowance
of interest on said claim, and from the action of thp Secre-
tary of the Treasury in pajmg the same; and n does not
approve the relation of the said Secretary of War to that
claim m this" 
Mr. FEATHERSTON gave notice of his inten-
tion to offer the resolution appended to Mr. Dis-
ney's report a3 a substitute for the resolution re-
ported by the majority of the committee.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
THE FOURTH.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose, he said,
to a privileged question. He moved that when
the House adjourns to-morrow, it adjourn to meet
on Saturday next.
As a reason for the motion, (Mr. T. said,) that
Thursday was the Fourth of July; and that he
hoped the friends of freedom in every part of the
House would come up and vote for the motion.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to amend by
substituting Friday for Saturday.
After some conversation—
Mr. JONES raised the point of order on the
motion of Mr. Thompson.
The SPEAKER sustained it, (on the ground
that unanimous consent was required.)
So the morion was not entertained.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. BURT said that, unless the sense of the
House should be indicated to the contrary, he
should feel it to be his duty to ask the House to
dispose of this case to-morrow at two o'clock.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HAY : The petition of John L. N. Srratton, Wil-
liam Brown, and 42 others, citizens or Burlington county,
New Jersey, piuyiugUongiess not to renew or extend the
patent lor the Pcirer water-wheel.
By Mr. BitOvVN, ot iVIiaMiSsippi: T.ie remonstrance of
Gemge Torry and 280 others, citizen* of the di&triet of
iandb cu.bjeel to &ale at Washington, iVlissisMpijj,against the
removal ut the land office from that place to Montieelio.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, gave notue under the rule, of
hi* ml nnon to a.«k leave m introduce a hill granting the
rii/ht oi way and mnkn.g a donation of land-; lo the Sate of
Iirinoirf, to aid the State of Illinois in the completion of the
Noitheru Uioss Railroad from Qumey lo the eastern line of
said 4tat«.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 2, 1850. s
Mr. REWARD presented additional documents
relating to the petition of Eiisha W. B. Moody;
which were letered to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a memorial of mer-
chants and other citizens of New Haven, Connec-
ticut, asking the erection of a new custom-house at
that place; setting fort that the comfortable and
convenient dispatch of public business requires the
construction of a new building; that the present
custom-house was built more tlun forty years ago,
as adwellmg-nouse, with a storeand basement, and
is old and inconvenient; that an opportunity is now
offered of procuring at a lair price some additional
land, which, added to the old piermses, would
make ail the accommodation that can be desired;
and exptessmg the hope that, as about all the rev-
enue collected in Connecticut is paid in at New
Haven, Congress will not hesitate to piovide a
suitable and permanent building; which wa  re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of Henrietta
J E!sey, widow of a deceased surgeon in the army,
| asking to be allowed a pension; winch was referred
J to the Committee on Pensions.
\ Mr. DODUE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
i citizens oi iowa, asking the establishment of a post
' loutefrom Wmteiseu to Council Bluffs, in that
State; which wasieterred to the Committee oil the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Iowa, asking; that
a public vessel may be employed to convey dele-
gates irom the United States to the Peace Conven-
tion at Frankfou,in Germany; which wasrefened
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. YULEE presented a memorial of officers of
the,Navy and the Marine corps, asking that mili-
tary bounty lauds may be granted to the officers,
seamen, and marines that served in the Seminole
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
MODIFICATION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. GREENE, i have received a memorial,
Mr. President, from a large number of highly re-
spectable citizen of Providence, Rhode Island,
setting foith " that great depression exists m ali
the industrial pursuits of that section of tiie coun-
try; that large amounts of capital invested in me-
chanical and manufactuung business are unprofit-
able; that the prices of those products of which
labor forms the greater part of the cost, are unusu-
ally low; and that, without a revival of business,
of which they see no prospect except through the
interposition of Congress, they believe that many
establishments of business, which have heretofore
given employment to large numbers of industrious
people, must be abandoned/' i'he memorialists
expiess then belief that the cause of this disas-
trous state of things is to be found in the opetation
of the present revenue laws; that it arises fiom the
system of ad valorem duties, which pieeenta such
strong temptations and so many facilities for the
peipetration of fraud; and they ask Congress, as a '
remedy for this evil, to make the duties specific,
" taking as the valuation of the (Inhabit articles, the
average price at the time of the parage of the tariff' of
184(5." This memorial is signed by upwards of
one hundred of the most respectable persons and
firms, and to it are appended the names of a lar^e
portion of the most active and efficient business
men in the community in which i live. Jtwas ac-
companied, when sent to me, by letters from a
well-known firm of that city, and from one of our
most intelligent merchants, giving their views in
detail of the particular causes which have led to
the state of deprcs&ion under whizh that commu-
nity is at this time suffering, m consequence of the
present revenue system.
It is not my intention, at this time, to go into
detail upon this subject. If a proper time should
present itself, i shall gladly avail myself of the in-
formation afforded me by the letters and papers
which 1 have received, so as to give due effect to
the considerations presented in them. I shall now
content myself by expressing the hope that the
subject which has, to the exclusion of everything
else, occupied the attention of Congress during the
whole of the present session, will be speedily dis-
posed of m some way, so that we may be enabled
to direct our attention to the great practical inter-
ests of the country; for not alone ts that commu-
nity from which this memorial comes suffering
Irom the want of action on the part of Congress
in regard to this matter, but the interests of the
whole country are suffering severely from the
same cause. I move that this memorial be re-
ceived, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. DAWSON. I will propound an interrog-
atory to my friend from Rhode Island. 1 would
like to know from him whether it would be sat-
isfactory to the fuends of'protection to have a per
centage of "thirty-six thirty" and the "recognition1'
of piutectioji up to that line? [A laugh.]
Mr. GREENE. J a^friot prepared to go into the
details involved in that question now, and no one
Knows better than my friend, the Senator from
Geoigi.i, that this is pot ext.etl.y the proper time
at which to answer his interrogatory.
Tne memorial was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Ward B. Burnet, asking the repayment of the
expenses incurred by the Common Council of the #
city of New York in raising volunteers, reported
a bill to reimburse the Common Council of New
York city for expenditures made for the first regi-
ment of New York volunteers; which was read
and passed to a second reading,
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. YULEE. I move to reconsider the vote
of the Senate taken yesterday rejecting the joint
resolution-for the relief of Charles F. Sibbald.
With the consent of Mr. Yulee this motion
was laid on the table.
ALLOWANCES TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 submitted a res-
olution yesterday, intended to be directed to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, making an inquiry
in relation to certain allowances made to naval of-
ficers. If there is no other pressing business I
should like to have it taken up now and disposed
of.
The resolution was accordingly taken up and
read.
Mr. HALE. I wish to submit a single remark
in explanation of the object of that resolution. By
the act of March, 1835, regulating the pay of the
officers of the navy, and by which the pay waa
greatly raised, it is declared expressly in the last
clause:
" Tnat the yearly allowance provided in this act is all
the pay, compensation, and allowance that shall bd received
under any cucuiuftaiice^ whatcvei."
And the former clause is as follows:
" Nor shall ariv allowance be made to him for rent of
quarters, or to pay ient for luimture,or lor lights or luel, or
tiari.-poiuiig baggage."
Well, sir, J would be content if that law wa3
simply disregarded; but in the very lace, and in
contravention of it, the Secretary of the Navy, on
the 20th of October, ld42, issued an order by
which he gives to every captain an allowance for
luiniture equal to $1,571, and to every command-
ant twelve per cent, oft mat, and to every lieuten-
ant fifteen per cent, off that; so that there is an
allowance not only without law, but against law.
The law says no such allowance shall be made,
and the Secretary of the Navy says it shall be
made. Now, which is to prevail? 1 do not say
that such an allowance is too much, but 1 say it
is an outrage that any allowance should be made
in direct violation of a provision ot the law.
Mr. YULEE. It is, peihups, proper 1 should
say a single word in reply to the suggestion of the
Senator from New Hampshire. As 1 understand
him, his objection is to the allowance rnatie tor
tne furniture in the houses erected for the officers
in our navy-yards. Now, as 1 understand the
matter, the Secretary of the Navy has simply*pro-
