286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
I have adduccd these instances in the hope that,
to some extent at least, they would serve to show
to the country the existing state of the relations
between the States upon the subject, and the utter
insecurity in fact to the slaveholding States of their
property, however it may be secured to them upon
paper.
Mr. President, I hope it wil! be the pleasure of
the Senate to pass the bill with the amendments
recommended by the committee.
I trust, sir, that it may have some effect, if not
in enforcing this law of the Constitution, at least
in informing the citizens of the non-slaveholding
States what their duties are under this Confeder-
acy. If it should not have this effect, I am per-
fectly free to admit and declare here, upon my
responsibility as a representative in part of the
sovereignty of one of these slaveholding States, I
shall recommend to my people, as a matter of in-
evitable necessity upon their part, toprovide'by
law for reprisals upon the property of the citizens
of any offending State. I know of no other mode
of redress against those who acknowledge no ob-
ligation either of honor or of law. !
Thfe Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. But-
ler,] upon the authority of a very able paper,
which he showed me, from the State of Kentucky,
has stated the loss to that State annually in fugitive
slaves at some thirty thousand dollars. I have
little doubt of its truth; and, from what I know of
the experience of my own State, am satisfied the
losses of my own people are far greater. Losses
incurred how? From expenditure? No! Prom
neglect or carelessness on their part? No! But
losses occurring through failures of their sister
States to fulfill their federal obligations; not failing
to fulfill them by neglect, but by active, sedulous,
and ingenious legislation, contrived to defeat the
claimants in the recovery of their property. Sir,
I know of no remedy, if this course of legislation
js continued in the slaveholdmg States, which can
protect our people, but reprisals on the property
of the offenders, f apprehend it will b§ an easy
matter to frame laws to effect these reprisals.
Jt is admitted to be legitimate and just in the law
of nations, when pecuniary obligations arc disre-
garded, that the injured State may make repri-
sals on the offender; and so, in the case before
us, when it is established before a competent
court that the duty of delivering up a fugitive
slave is disregarded by a State, or when such fu-
gitive is rescued from his owner by violence, let
the State whose citizen sustains the loss pay him
the yalue of the property, and make reprisal
wherever it can be done upon the property of the
citizens of the State offending. This, sir, is a
harsh remedy, and one which I should be exceed-
ingly reluctant to recommend.
Mr. FOOTE. Upon what property?
Mr. MASON". Upon the property of the citi-
zens, if the property of the State cannot be got at.
I suggest it as the only remedy known to me, by
which retribution can be had.
Now, Mr. President, as to the law itself. I am
not very anxious about the particular provisions
of this bill—I mean as they ere before us here in
the printed bill. I am willing to hear any propo-
sition to alter or amend. My only anxiety is,
that whatever law is paseed shall be substantial
and earnest, and not merely illusory.
It has been said to me by gentlemen in conver-
sation, that we ought not to impose this duty upon
postmasters; that many of them are men not suffi-
ciently conversant with the forms of business,
with judicial forms, to execute such a law. I ad-
mit ic; but there is no remedy. If the (aw is to be
effectual, you must provide officers to execute it at
almost every cross-road, in all the counties of the
offending States. If the law can be executed, it
must be done by officers of the Federal Govern-
ment, and we are obliged to take those already ex-
isting, unless you would create a new batch, and
pay them adequate salaries, to be located at every
point, in every county of the non-slaveholding:
States. ■
The amendments provide that, upon affidavit,
after the fugitive is arrested, showing probable
cause to apprehend that force will be ofTeied, the
officer having him in custody shall provide suf-
ficient guards to overcome such force ; and in ense
it be actually opposed, then the expenses incident
to its resistance and to the transportation of the
fugitive shall be paid out of the treasury. We
have a right to this. It is the duty of the Govern-
ment to enforce the law—I mean the law of the
Constitution—and-if force is offered, to resist it;
the expense of overcoming it forms properly a
part of the public charge.
The next amendment provides only that, in ad-
dition to the recovery by a civil action against the
party who shall interrupt or molest the owner in
the capture of his slave, he shall be treated as
having committed a misdemeanor in resisting the
law, and shall be fined and imprisoned. I think
no objection can be made to that; it is due as
well to the occasion as to the offended law. And
now, sir, in conclusion, I am perfectly willing, if
gentlemen can devise any better mode of enforcing
the clause of the Constitution for the recovery of
fugitive slaves, not only to join with -them, but to
render them my hearty thanks.
But, sir, until that is done, I call upon all Sena-
tors, as they regard the obligations of law and the
mandates of the Constitution, to unite with us in
bringing this bill to an early vote. Let us know
where we stand. Let us know whether we can
rely on the Constitution for our protection, or
whether we are to rely upon our own counsels and
our own strength.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice that he would, at
the proper time, move the following amendment to
the bill, viz : strike outall after theenactmg clause,
and insert the following:
When any person who shall have been seized or arrested
a fugitive imm labor, under or by virtue of the act of
Consrress entitled " An act respecting fugitives from justice
and peisons escaping from the semce"of their masters,"
passed February 12th, 1793, shall be brought or come before
any judge or juauistrate named>or descuhed in sawl act, the
person so arretted or seized may denv that he owe* Mich
service or labor as is alledged, or that ho has escaped from
such service or laber: itrtiall he the duty of such judge or
magistrate thereupon lo appoint a time and place to trv the
issue thus joined ; and adjournments shall be granted fioin
time to time, as shall be found to be necessary for the fur-
therance of a just decision upon the f.ict; and the person so
nricMrd may give h.ul or security, to be approved by said
judge or magistrate, for his appearance at such adjourn-
ment, if it shall be granted on his application; ami the
claimants shall give {security to the person so arrested or
seized, for the payment of damages and costs, if the claim
shall be adjudged void; such security shall be approved in
like manner as aforesaid.
And the issue thus joined shall be tried before a jury of
twelve persona duly qualified to swerve as jurors for the dis-
trict, fiee from all challenges* or just exceptions, to be sum-
moned by the marshal ol the district by virtue ot a venire,
to be issued by such judge or magistrate; and exceptions
may be taken by either party on such trial, and judgment
shall be rendered for or against the claimant accoiding as
the verdict .-hall be.
The judgment may be brought befoie the district court of
the United State* for the dii-tiict lor revision by a writ of
certiorari, to be issued out of the said court on security ap-
pioved by the distuct judge of the said district, and such
district couit may allinn such judgment or reverse it with
a veniri de novo; and in that case mav proceed to try the
«nid issue and to rend'-r judqlnent according to the verdict
to be rendeied by the jury empanelled in that com t.
Sfc. 2. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any
person ari ested or seized as a fugitive from labor or service,
?-hall he entuled 10 a writ of habeas corpus, to be issued by
the judge ot the district court or any associate justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States, as a writ of right; and
on being brought before «uch judge by^irtue of s>aid writ,
it shall he the duty of such judge lo proceed to a trial of the
claim by juiyin the manner before mentioned, if no trial
has been had,and to dii-charge him from such arrest, if such
trinl by jury has been had, and the claim has not been sus-
tained before the jury or the court which had cognizance of
the same.
And it shall be the duty ot the marshal or any other person
having custody of any person so arrested, to allow him all
necessary and convenient tune to employ counsel and sue
out such writ of habeas* corpus.
Sko. 3. Any judge or magistrate who shall disallow such
a writ of habeas corpus, shall forfeit to the person claiming
it, five thousand dollars, and shall also forfeit his office; and
any marshal who shall unreasonably hinder or prevent such
person from suing out or serving such writ of habeas corpus,
shall, m like manner, forleil five thousand dollars and forfeit
his office.
6i-c 4. Jurors and maishals shall be entitled to have the
- aine fees for services to be rendered under this a< t as they
are entitled to reet:ivc lor such services as jurors and mar-
shals m the cncuit court of the United Stafpf,Ui bo paid by the
claimant if Ins claim prevail, and by the United States if his.
claim shall not be sustained.
Sec. o. The penalty of any bond to be given by a claim-
ant shall not be than one thousand dollars; the secu-
rities thereof shall be residents of the district in which the
pioceedings ^hail he instituted, and shall justify their ability
to perform the said bond.
The amendment having been read, Mr. S.
moved that it be printed.
Mi\ FOOTE. Most profoundly grateful am I,
Air. President, to the honorable gentlemen who
compose this august assembly, for the unanimous
consent which they have so generously awarded
me of addressing them at the present moment—
when, according to the strict rules of parliamenta-
ry order, no debate upon the merits of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] is at all allowable. I promise to
take no undue advantage of the liberality exercised
towards me; and I shall, therefore, exert myself
so to limit the observations which 1 propose to
offer for the consideration of honorable Senators,
as to avoid fatiguing their patience, and to avoid,
also, if possible, the doing of anything disgusting
to their good taste in any respect whatever. The
question to which I shall turn my attention is sim-
ply this: h it expedient under all the circumstances
which surround its at the present moment, to print
the amendment of the honorable Stnalo'r from. New
York ? Now, sir, I have not been much in the
habit heretofore of opposing mere motions to print;
nor should X think of doing so on the present oc-
casion, but for several special reasons which I
shall presently proceed to state. It strikes me that
the amendment is one of a character well calculated,
if we should print it, and thus facilitate its general
circulation, to do deep injury to the reputation of
the honorable Senator from New York, both in this
country and in foreign lands. There is so much of
the spirit of genuine demagogism about it—so lit-
tle of elevated statesmanship—so little of regard for
the Constitution which we are all sworn to support
—so little of that manly respect for the rights de-
signed to be secured in the great national compact
which binds these States together a.s equal and con-
federated sovereignties—there is so much of mere
pettifogging craft apparent in this same amend-
ment—such a disposition evinced m it to propitiate
the lowest, and basest, and most malevolent fanat-
icism, at the expense of justice, the Constitution,
and those generous feelings of confraternity and
mutual good-will on which the Union of these
States was founded, and without which that Union
cannot continue to subsist—that, a3 one not un-
friendly to the fame and futuie political advance-
ment of the honorable Senator from New York,!
ant not willing that his amendment should beform-
ally printed by our order, and go forth to the
world with the official indicia of authenticity en-
stamped upon its face. Were I really an enemy of
the honorable Senator from New York—were I
hostile to his fame, and anxious that his present
claims to the respect of enlightened men and good
citizens, throughout this extended republic, should
become suddenly and forever extinct—I should
rejoice, as I certainly do not, that this amend-
ment has been offered, and I should not faii to do
all in my power to multiply copies of it for general
circulation over the country. For, sir, it cannot be
that the American people have yet reached a depth
of degradation so profound, and have become so
regardless of all the principles of fairness, and Kb-
erality, and disinterested patriotism, as not to
look upon this formal and deliberate attempt of
the honorable Senator from New York to spoliate
upon the known and undeniable rights and inter-
ests of all the southern States of the Confederacy
with pointed disapprobation, with hot contempt,
with unmitigated loathing, and abhorrence unutter-
able. Sir, it does seem to me, that no one who
listened to the calm, dignified, and truly national
argument of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] this d;iy pronounced in our hear-
ing, and who duly appreciated the sound and
statesmanlike views maintained by him, can even
hear the amendment of the honorable Senator from
New York read, without being satisfied that this
amendment was designed to cap the climax of
southern wrongs,to cause thtcupofouroppression
at once to overflow, arid to force us of the South,
whose lot it is to be the owners of slave proper-
ty, to secede from the Union, or, remaining m
it, to submit to a wanton, heartless, and insulting
deprivation of all our constiiutional rights, such
as no free people have ever been known patiently
to endure. Sir, I must be permitted to declare,
also, that I seriously fear the destruction of the
present popularity and influence of the honorable
Senator from New York from the printing and
circulation of this unfortunate amendment of his;
and as lie has arrived at that period of life when
he must he presently useful and glorious, or be
constrained peichance to enduie the dull torments
which wait upon obscurity, or the more grievous
woes which spring from deserved degradation; as
he has recently assumed a new position, in which
he may find it in his power to add to the reputa-
tion which he has already acquired—enhance that
popularity which he has heretofore established—
and, if both judicious and fortunate, might even
