1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 3,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr.*BISSELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to present a memorial.
Mr. CARTTER desired to know what its pur-
port was.
Mr. BISSELL said, that it was the memorial
of Miss D. L. Dix, in relation to a grant of land
for the benefit of the indigent insane.
„Mr. CARTTER objected.
So the memorial was not received.
Mr. McDONALD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House.to withdraw certain papers from
its files v
In reply to an inquiry as to the object of the
motion— v
Mr. McD. said, that it was with a view to pre-
sent the papers at the department, in order to pro-
cure a pension.
No objection having been made—
Mr. McD. withdrew from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Eleanor Washburn, with
the view of referring the same to the Commission-
er of Pensions.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the orders of
the day.
THE FOURTH.
Mr. MORSE. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to a priv-
ileged question. I desire to make a motion, which
is a privileged motion, and to take the sense of the
House upon it, while it is in good humor, and be-
fore it becomes excited by debate about the Gal-
phin claim, or Caiifornia, or Africa, [laughter,] Or
anything else. To-morrow is the anniversary of
American independence. I desire to celebrate it
myself by bein^ free from angry political discus-
sions of every kind. I therefore move, that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Satur-
day next; and I hope the House will agree to this
motion by a unanimous vote.
Mr. JONES. As the motion of the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Morse] is for two days, and
as only one of these days can be the fourth of
July, f move to amend the motion by striking out
"Saturday," and inserting "Friday.51
""" Mr. PUTNAM suggested the propriety of cel-
ebrating the day as the general jubilee of free-
dom.
Mr. CARTTER made a remark, or inquiry,
not heard.
The yeas and nays on the amendment were
asked and ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas
87, nays 63-
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
motion as thus amended.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
Jones and the Speaker.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 94, nays 72.
So the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
HAYTL
Mr. HOLMES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution, which was read for
information, as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the House of Representatives be instructed ro inquire into,
and report upon, the expediency of placing at the disposal of
the Piesident so much of the naval force of the United
States as may be necessary to enfoice payment of the just
claims of citizens ot the United States against Hayti.
Mr. JONES objected, and the resolution was
not received.
THE GALPHIN CASE.
Mr. GOTT called for the orders of the day.
The House accordingly resumed the considera-
tion of the report of the select committee, relative
to the conduct of the Secretary of War, in con-
nection with the allowance of the Galphin claim.
Mr.. McKfSSOCK addressed the committee
during his hour. He defended the payment of
th£ claim on the ground that it was assumed by the
Government by the special act of 1848. That act
"Authorized and required " the Secretary of the
Treasury " to examine and adjust the claim of the
late George Galphin." He proceeded at some
length to take a legal view of the force of that act,
and to contend that, in accordance with the well-
settled principles of law—common and statute—
it was the duty of the department to pay the in-
terest as wefl as the principal, interest being
equally a part of the debt—a legal and inseparable
incident of the principal. He said that though
there was a general rule that the Government did
not pay interest, this case*was among the excep-
tions to that rule, among other reasons because it
came fairly within the reason of the rule applied
to the claims under the act of 1832, providing for
certain revolutionary liabilities of the State of Vir-
ginia. He considered it immaterial to this issue
whether the original claim was valid against the
United States; he expressed the opinion, however,
that it was not, but a claim -upon the State of
Georgia, the lien .having followed the lands when
their title passed from the British Crown to the
State of Georgia. The United States relieving the
State of Georgia, had assumed the obligation, and
were bound in law and equity for the payment of
the entire claim—interest and principal.
Mr. BROOKS inquired if, under the law of New
York, upon a parallel case, the courts would allow
interest back to 1775 when the claim had never
been presented until 1837?
Mr. McKlSSOCK replied, that the question as-,
snmed the original obligation of the United States.
He denied this assumption. He had argued that
the debt was originally against the State of Geor-
gia. This beino; the case, the United States had
assumed the obligation of Georgia, in its full ex-
tent, and were therefore bound, as Georgia was
bound, for both principal and interest.
Mr. McK. having concluded,
Mr. CARTTER obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who modi-
fied the amendment which he introduced yester-
day as an amendment to the amendment of Mr.
Schenck, to read as follows, viz:
Add to the end thereof the following:
"And consequently that the House also totally dissents
from the correctness of the opinion expressed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to the Secretary of War. < that
4 his (the said Crawford) being at the head of the War Dr-
e partment, and the agent of tiie claimants, did not take
' from him any rights he mav have had as s\ich asent, or
'"would have justified him in having the examination and
1 decision of the claims by the Secietaryof the Treasury
( suspended.'
"Resolved, further, That this House decidedly disap-
pioves of, and dissents from, the opinion given by the Attor-
ney General in favor of an allowance of inteiest on said
claim, and from the action of the Secretary of the Treasury
in payment of the same claim in this" '
Mr. SCHENCK so modified his substitute for
the amendment of Mr. Toombs, as to include the
same within his amendment; which was then read,
as follows, viz:
Resolved, That there is no evidence submitted by the com-
mittee to whom was referrfd the letter of George W. Craw-
ford, asking " an investigation " into his conduct in refer-
ence to the claim of the representatives of George Galphin,
which impugns his personal or official conduct in relation to
the settlement of the claim by the proper officers ol the Gov-
ernment.
Provided, however, That this House is not to he understood
as approving his relation to that claim, yieontinuin« to be in-
terested in the pio«eeution of it when it was to be examined,
adjusted, and paid by one of the depaitmerits of the Govern-
ment, he himself being at the same time at the head of an-
other of tho«e departments; but the House considers that
such connection and interest of a member ot the Cabinet
with a claim pending and prosecuted before another derail-
ment, would be dangerous as a precedent, and ought not to
be sanctioned.
Mr. CARTTER said: From the prevailing
manifestations on the Whig side of the Chamber
when this case was first brought up, he had sup-
posed that no one would be found to sing the
requiem of the Galphin claim; yet gentlemen
seemed to be making a virtue of necessity, and
attempting to brace up the present Cabinet. But
the verdict of "guilty" had gone forth from the
people, and neither the whitewashing resolutions
or the daubing with untempered mortar of gentle-
men on the other side, would suffice to take out
the pollution which attached to the allowance of
this claim.
Without going into an elaborate discussion of
the case, so ably presented by the committee, he
proposed only a simple statement of the facts, and
said they showed corruption and fraud so mon-
strous that they could never receive the sanction
of the unsophisticated people. Fie disagreed with
Mr. Breck in his regrets as to what he had
called the waste of time on this subject, and said
their time could not be better expended than in
ferreting out the dark and deep iniquities of the
present Administration.
He referred to what had been said of the
patriotism of Galphin, and said that this plea of
patriotism was generally heard when plunder
was.to be'shielded. If Galphin, three-fourths of
a century ago, was patriotic, it was a poor reason
why George W. Crawford, a Cabinet officer en-
gaged in the patriotic vocation of claim-agent,
should plunder from the people's" treasury some
one hundred and fifteen thousand dollars. Bat
he considered the evidences of Galphin's pat-
riotism very equivocal, and said there was no
direct pr£>of on this point except that he \yas art
Indiar^trader—a class who, next to birds of prey
who hung around the treasury for plunder, were
the worst in the country—whose business was to
sell whisky and beads to the Indians at enormously
high prices. Galphin, it was proved, was at best
a ivhisky and bead " patriot!"
Mr. BURT interrupted, and remarking that
George Galphin was a South Carolinian, and some
of his descendants were South Carolinians, and
that honorable and pure blood flowed in their
veins—said that there was no just ground for im-
putations upon the patriotism or the private virtues
of George Galphin.
Mr. CARTTER said that he cared very little for
this honorable and hia:h blood of which they often
heard. It was about the same as any other blood.
George Galphin and his descendants, and those
who had connected themselves with this claim,
whatever blood they might claim, were to be
judged by their acts: he might have been a patriot,
but the evidence of it was very doubtful. A pa-
triot, according to the Democratic definition, held
himself bound to defend his country whenever
called upon, and when the time for the distribution
of the plunder came, would refuse to have any-
thing to do with it.
But when the $40,000 for beads and whisky
was paid out of the public treasury, by a bill
which the people should know was pressed through
in a hurry at a late hour of the last night of the
session, without anybody knowing anything about
it, except the few who were engaged in getting it
through—it might reasonably have been supposed
that the demand wo.uid stop. But lo! after the
$43,000 principal, came a claim for $191,000 inter-
est; which had been paid, and of which this Whig
Cabinet minister, Mr. Crawford, had received half
—making his whole receipts for half of principal
and interest about $115,000.
He commented upon the monstrous corruption
of the allowance of interest under the circum-
stances;and declared his general dislike to the pay-
ment of interest, both as an exaction on the part
of the capitalist upon the sweat and labor of the
poor man, and on account of its origin with the
Jews, who killed the-Saviour. Even if interest
were ever allowable, no gentleman on the other side,
with all their Shylock pound-of flfesh-voracity, had
made a case for it here—the account not having
been liquidated.
He adverted to the efforts made by so'me gen-
tlemen to make Mr. Crawford the scape-goat; said
they would not succeed, but that General Taylor
and the other members of his Cabinet, having con-
nived at and sanctioned the enormous allowance,
would be held equally responsible by the peo-
ple. He did not charge that Mr. Crawford had
dishonestly procured this money; but if he was
honest, there Was the opportunity for him to show
it by refunding the money to the Treasury: the
country would be satisfied in this and in no other
way.
Mr. C. having concluded his remarks,
Mr. HOUSTON spoke an hour in favor of the
allowance of interest on the claim of Galphin, and
vindicating the motives and character of the Sec-
retary of War; admitting, at the same time, that
the assaults which had been made on him would
have the effect of hereafter preventing any one
similarly situated from pursuing a claim against the
Government.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, obtained the floor,
but yielded to a motion that the House adjourn.
After some conversation, the motion was re-
jected.
Mr. KING then addressed the House, and pro-
ceeded for some time in an historical review of the
facts of the case, when he yielded to a motion that
the House adjourn.
The vote was—ayes 41, noes 30.
And the House adjourned to Friday, at eleven
o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: The petition of William' Hal
