1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23T
succeed in reaching higher honors than any which
he lias yet achieved—honors which are now glit-
tering before his vision in the distant future, and
which 1 suspect him of often vividly realizing both
in noonday dreams of fancied rapture and in the
golden visions which light up the dimness of noc-
turnal slumber—as the honorable Senator has now
reached the very climax of his fate—and may be
seen distinctly balancing, as it were, upon the
very pivot o.f his destiny; as the circumstances
which surround him are so full or hope and
encouragement on the one side, and yet so full
of peril, and of desperation, and of bitter dis-
appointment on the other—I do feel the deepest
regret that he should have ventured upon a move-
ment so well calculated as the one in which
he is now engaged, to lower his standing as a pub-
he man—to overturn that popularity which it has
cost him years of labor and of management to
establish, and to blast all those anticipations of
political power and grandeur in which he has here-
tofore so blissfully reveled. I will explain myself
more fully, in order that I may be perfectly un-
derstood by the honorable gentleman, the Senate,
and the nation. Then I mean to say, sir, that the
amendment pf the honorable Senator is not objec-
tionable alone upon the political and moral grounds,
with a statement of which 1 commenced these
rather irregular remarks, but also on account of the
particular and rather ominous connection which it
seems to have with several very striking incidents
of the honorable Senator's former life, which, if
the Senate will bear with me, I will proceed to
specify. And first, I beg leave to remind gentle-
men of a legislative proposition introduced among
us a fe%v days ago by the honorable Senator from
New York, arranging for the bestowal of lands
upon certain worthy persons of foreign birth; who
from time to time have arrived, and are arriving,
upon our shores from distant lands beyond the roll-
ing ocean. Now, sir, though this proposition of
the Senator was actually (as we all know) bor-
rowed, almost verbatim, literatim, et punctuatim,
from a bill several weeks since introduced by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] yet is it,
notwithstanding, true, that the latter gentleman
has, with his characteristic generosity, quietly and
uncomplainingly permitted his thunder to be stolen
from him by the honorable Senator from the Em-
piie State, who, for various teasons, appears to
have resolved to do all in his power to procure
early and general recognition of himself as the
exclusive patron of all that excellent part of our
population that chances to be of transmarine, birth
and derivation, including our Irish and German
feilow-citizcns. Mr. President, this legislative pla-
giarism appears to have been, so far, quite as prof-
itable to the honorable Senator from New York as
he could reasonably have anticipated; for I find
him most exorbitantly lauded for his noble liber-
ality towards our Hungarian friends, and towards
others who have, like them, sought refuge among
us from the oppressions of the Old World; and in
one or two rather leading gazettes north of Mason
and Dixon's line, I discover a claim to have been
lately setjjp in his favor to presidential honors in
1852 on account of his supposed paternity of this
piovident and truly democratic measure. Now,
Sir I will not at all dispute that the honorable ben-
ato'r from New York, in bringing forward this new
agrarian proposition of his, (if 1 may thus denom-
inate a measure for which I intended to vote before
I knew whether or not it was destined to find favor
in the sight of its present self-constituted godfather)
—I say 1 will not at all dispute that the honorable
Senator, in advocating this proposition to secure a
Home in the wilderness to the unfortunate and ne-
cessitous of other chines, who are arriving in such
numbers on our shores (and who, I trust, under such
encouragement as is now held out, may come here-
afterin still greater numbers and help thisnation yet
more rapidly to the greatness and strength whicn
so visibly await us in the future,) was actuated to
a very great extent, if not exclusively, by feelings
of the purest, most generous, and most ^inter-
ested sympathy for suffering humanity. Sir, the
honorable gentleman is, I believe, a mofessed phi
lanthropiU, and his diffusive sympathies'
understood not to confine themselves either to the
,iaut ers of his own State (numerous, and wo-
stricken and ciuelly unprovided for, as many of
l l known to be,) nor to persons of his own
th "n'd comDkxTon-nor even to the really suffer-
inland unhappy. No, sir, the honorable Senator
is one of the acknowledged leaders of that noto-
rious sect of philanthropists who are ever wailing
over the fancied'^distresses of a race of whom ana
of whose true condition, in fact, they know but
little; who are not geographically proximate to
them; and who are undeniably the most happy
class of laboring men and women that were ever
enlisted in the pursuits of humble industry. Yes,
sir, the gentleman is a philanthropist professed; and
I will therefore not question that, in urging his
proposition for a donation of lands to the noble
Hungarians and others, he is influenced alone
by a spirit of heaven-bom charity. And, yet,
as one who feels a real solicitude for the popu-
larity and solid fame of the honorable Sena-
tor from New York, I regret to be compelled
to acknowledge that I have encountered several
painful suggestions of laie, which would seem to
imply more or less of suspicion that the honorable
Senator, in taking it upon himself thus prominently
to paiticipate in this scheme of giving away large
portions of our landed domain to our suffering
brethern from abroad, may be more or less insti-
gated by a desire to prevent their becoming settlers
and citizens of his own noble State. It is certain
that by bestowing upon them lands in the far-dis-
tant West, they are likely.to be tempted to leave
our Atlantic border in quest of'these free gift homes
so kindly provided for them; and that thus the
State of New York may be relieved from the obli-
gation of extending to them the rites of hospitality,
which, by some of her citizens, it is said, are
deemed not a little burdensome. It is with no lit-
tle reluctance now, sir, that I relate an anecdote,
which 1 have lately heard, and which, if it shall not
be contradicted by the honorable Senatorfi om New
York, may tend to confirm the suspicions ps to
his motives, to which 1 have already alluded. The
anecdote is as follows: A gentleman,-about the
height, figure, aspect, carriage, and style of con-
versation of thehonorableSenator from New York, ||
as I am informed, dropped quietly, a year or two i,
since, into the renowned city of Richmond, whilst I
an honored friend of mine, who was a few (lays \
ago in this city, (Governor William Smith.) was j
the occupant of the executive mansion, located in i
that famous metropolis of the Ancient Dominion. I
Well, sir, this same personage (whoever he may j
have been) visited the chamber where the Gov-
ernor was engaged in the transaction of public
business, and with quite a graceful and unceremo-
nious ease and elegance of manner made his en-
tree and announced himself. The name of the
stranger, as declared by himself, was William H.
Seward. A good deal of conversation is stated to
have occurred on the occasion, chiefly on the sub-
ject o(fugitive slaves, in illation to whom the hon-
orable Senator from the Empire State has been
exhibiting an intense and peculiar solicitude for
many years past. I will not run the risk of weary-
ing the Senate by detailing all the particulars of
this remarkable colloquy, though it would be quite
easy to do so, and though the conversation which
occurred was not at all of a confidential character.
It is sufficient, for my present purpose, to say, that
my friend, Governor Smith, is the projector of a
scheme which I think very highly of, and which
I hope may yet, with the aid of the honor-
able Senator from New York, and his philan-
thropic allies in the North, be at some early d<ty
carried into execution; that this is a scheme for
colonizing all the fiee negroes of the southern
States in the State of New York, and several of
the eastern States supposed to sustain the closest
affinity with this part of our southern population;
that this plan of colonization from the South to
the North would seem to have been discussed in
that interview in Richmond; and that the stranger, J]
who was then personating a distinguished ex-gov- ij
ernor of the Empire State, was requested to state j
whether, if certain ship-loads of free people of co- |j
lor should thereafter be sentfrom Virginia to New |j
York, this living cargo was likely to be jktndly re- ;
ceived, and comfortably provided for. The illus-
trious visitant is reported to have responded
promptly and earnestly in the affirmative; and he [
is said to have added, that the State of New York ;
had suffered exceedingly for several years past, J
from the enormous influx of immigrants from for- j
eign shores; that the evil was every day multiply-j
ing, and had, in fact, become a most serious j
social grievance; and that, for one, he should j
be very much pleased to have all the ships which i
might be sent from Virginia thus freighted with I
free negroes, supplied with return cargoes of Ger-
mans, Irish, and others of foreign nativity, easy to be
picked up in the streets of New York. 1 do not
charge all these facts to be absolutely true; but I
do aver that I believe them to be true; and if the
honorable Senator will venture to deny them, or
any one among them at all material to the present
issue, I will take it upon myself to Establish the
same by evidence, either now at hand or in process
of collection. The honorable Senator remains silent;
arid well he might do so, inasmuch as these very
particulars were published some months ago, in
the columns of the Union newspaper of this city,
when the honorable Senator and his friends were
challenged to deny them,and when they exhibited
the same significant silence at present manifested.
And now, sir, it may be aslted, what pertinency
this personal anecdote can have to the question
before the Senate? To which I answer; the
amendment of the honorable Senator now offered
evinces the same sympathy for the negro race
which he is described as having professed in Rich-
mond; and if it should be printed by us, and be
thus sent abroad, tt is at least possible that in con-
nection with the extraordinaiy avowel at Rich-
mond already mentioned, many might be per-
suaded to believe that the honorable Senator
from New York, in agreeing to give away the
public lands in the mode which he has proposed',
is after all only exerting himself to relieve his
own State from a species of population which
he deems burdensome and mischievous. And
now, Mr. President, having, in quite a rambling
and discursive manner, exerted myself to save the
honorable Senator from the loss of fame.and popu-
larity with Which he is menaced, as the result of
his own indiscreet action, I will be so far courteous
to him as to decline all further opposition to his
motion to print.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
Mr. YCJLEE rose to propose the consideration
of some biil, which he was about naming, when
he yielded to
Mr. SEWARD, who said: 1 was requested,
Mr. President, by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] last elected to this bouse, to
state at the close of the debate to-day that it has
been his intention to address the Senate upon this
question. I have his leave for saying, that a sore
domestic affliction has alone prevented him from
doing so. At his request, and for his benefit, t
move that the order of the day be laid upon the
table, or that it be passed by informally for the
present.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the motion is
not to pass it over.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to ask the honor-
able Senator from New Yoik whether it is his
purpose to postpone it longer than till to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I speak only for ihe honora-
ble Senator from Ohio, who has been \isited wi h
the severest affliction that can bela.ll a member of
the human family.
Mr. BUTLER suggested that the question was
not debatable.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the honorable Senator
from South Carolina allow me? 1 am not about to
debate this question, but wish to address myself to-
the honorable Senator from New York. When he
made his motion, the honorable Senator from New
Jetsey [Mr. Dayton] wished to make a very brief
statement to the Senate of his objections to the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my motion,
Mr. DAYTON. I have no disposition at the
present moment of time, or at any other lime, la
take the precedence in any suggestions I may be
desuous of making of the honoiable Senator front
Ohio. I have no purpose, sir, of making a speech
upon this bill; but, being a member of the commit-
tee from which this bill comes, and being in a mi-
nority of that committee, 1 think it due to myself
to make a very few suggestions in reference to
objectionable features in the bill. I will either do
it now or at some other time that may suit the
Senate. . , r
1 Mr. SEWARD. I will give one word of ex-
! planation, if the Senate will allow me I had not
intended to make this motion .on behalf of the hon-
I orable Senator from Ohio, until the c ose of the
i debate, and it was not till the honorable benator
from Florida rose to bring some other business,
before the Senate that 1 considered the obligation
I was under to the honorable Senator from Ohitt
imperative upon me-
