-tssfc
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
1
bert, of Lowndes county, Mississippi, praying Congress to
refund to him money paid by him into the land omce, for
winch he received nothing.
By Mr. BOWIE: The memorial of .James Deale and
others, heirs of James Dealt5, deceased, praying indemnifica-
tion lor losses sustained by French spoliations between the
vcara J 793 and 1£0L,
Aisoj the memorial of Richard W. Gill, truste^of James
Biavs,of Baltimore, for similar relief. ' *
By Mr JULIAN: The petition of Nancy Anderson and
Elizabeth Ande^on, the half-siatere of Pinlny Aiidrews,
late ot Henry county, Indiana, who was illegitimate, and at
the time of hii? death was- entitled to a land warrant tor his
services-in the Mexican war, prajing Congress to enact a
special law allowing tuem to take saul warrant by inherit-
ance from said half-brother.
By Mr CROW'ELL: The petition of-James Ward and
other*, citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying a modi-
fication of the revenue law of 1848.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 3, 1850.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the memorial of
James F. Babcock, administrator of the estate of
Major Frederick D. Mills, setting forth that said
Mills was a major m the fifteenth regiment of in-
fantry, and that he was killed at the battle of
Cherubusco, before the gates of Mexico, and that
his horse, equipments, apparel, and other property,
fell into the hands of the enemy at the time of his
death, for which the administrator seeks compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Jonathan
D. Roberts, administrator of Olive Folsom, widow
of a revolutionary soldier, asking to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of the town of Alstead,
in the county of Cheshire, in the State of New
Hampshire, asking that whenever any person is
arrested as a fugitive slave in any other State than
where service is claimed, he shall not be delivei^d
except on the finding of a jury; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
DELAWARE ON THE COMPROMISE.
Mr. WALES. Mr. President, I have received
the preamble and resolutions of a large public
meeting which has been held at Wilmington, in
the State of Delaware, of those who are unfavor-
able to the compromise bill. It is represented to
have been a very large and enthusiastic meeting
of those whose opinions are entitled to considera-
tion. The preamble and resolutions will better
express the views of that meeting than I can do;
i will therefore read them:
" Whereas oursi3 a republican form of government, under
which ii is always, the ught, and sometime* the duty of the
people to meet and give expression to their sentiment* in re-
lation to tpc cluiacier ot their public servant*!, and to the
measures ol policy piopo^ed or adopted by them:
"And whereas there has been much agitation in Congress
and m the country during the last six months, arising out
of question- connected with the present political condition
of tiie new territory acquired by the United Stares m the
war with Mexico, for the settlement of which and other
questions a bill is now pending before the Senate, eompu-
sing several distinct and incongruous measures, and propo-
sing, amongst other things, to cede to the Stale oi Texan-ev-
ents thousandsquare miles ot tins territory, and to pay her
ten millions of dollars, or some otner huge sum of money,
and also to establish tennorial governments for New Mex-
ico and Utah, and pmviiimg (or the admission of (Jaltloima
into the Union a. State;
tC 1. Reaolved, fhar whiNt we deeply daphne th.-* agitation
which has been permitted so long toditiract the council-of
the country, and to delay the transaction of the public busi-
ness in Congress, >et that wc have no fears .'or the safety of
the Union. The people of this Confederacy ate bound to-
gether by ties too strong to be so easily rent asmidei—lies
of iuteieat and friendship, proud recollections of the p;:sf,
and bright and gloiiaus hopes of the future. Should this
Union ever be dosoWed—an event we cannot b«!u ve pos-
sible—it will not be in consequence of any act or mm>M0n
on the partot President Taylor, nor will it be in conformity
with the wish of the masses ot the people, but through the
uusoupulous ambition of selfish and reckless demagogues.
"'2. Resolved, That we uu cordially approve of and recom-
mend Ceneidi Taylor's plan for obviating the difficulties
growing out of the question whether slavery shall be admit-
ted into any poruon ot ihc new territories, believing it to be
patriotic, pmdeot, and piaetieabie, such as will onen the
way lor tiie gradual and peaceable adjustment of ail ques-
tions connected with those territories in a rnann-r winch
will prov<j ultimately satisfactory to the people of all sec-
tions of our couutry.
" 3. Resolved, Tuat in the opinion of this meeting, Califor-
nia should be immediately admitted into the Union by
Congress as a State, withj. her present constitution and
bound,tries, and without reference to any other question or
lrtcasuie,.
«<l. Resolved, That if the disputed territory now claimed
In Texa^ does m fact belong to her, Congress has no right
to legislate it away from her without her consent, even for
ten iinihonw of dollars; that if it does not belong to her, then
Congress has no right to appropriate ten millions of dollars,
or any other amount of tne people's money, to purchase
from her that which she has no right to sell; and that,
therefore, believing that she has no right or title, in law oi
justice, to anv portion of tips territoiy, we are opposed to
the appropriation by Congress of ten millions of dollars, or
any other sum, for any such puipose.
"5. Resol. eth That the connection of two or more dis-
tinct and incongruous measures in one bill, is a mode of
legislation ami-republican in its character and dangerous in
its tendency, and should therefore be discourm nanu.d jn
the Congress of the United States upon all occasion?. It
opens the door and offers, temptations lor corrupt bargain
and intrigue in legislative proceeding*, and ha means for
the enactment of Hws which, separately and upon their
ownmeuts, never could command the voice ot the majority,
"6. Resolved, That we are opposed to the compromise
bill, now pending before the Senate, because it proposes to
give a sum of money to Texas for territory to winch she has
no right or title, and which already belongs to the United
States ; becatt-e it compri>es several distinct and incongru-
ous measure*, and h therefore an anti-reputthean and im-
proper mode ot legislation; because, as we bfheve, a large
majority of the people in all sections of the country are
opposed tojt; and because, it having become manifest that
it can never receive the sanction of a majority of Congress,
its further consideration by that body is a waste of time
which should be devoted to the transaction of other public
busme's, winch now uigently demands their attention,and
that we beheve to be the sentiments of a majority ot the
people oi thi<* State.
"7. Resolved, That the course pursued hv General Taylor
since his election to the Presidency, has fulfilled the most
sanguine expectations ol his friends, and has our cordial
approbation. It has been moderate and firm, prudent and
patriotic. Ho stands committed to no sectional interest,
prejudice, or paity, but has evinced a determination to ad-
mincer the Government upon truly republican pnnciples,
for the general good ot the whole country. In regard to
the recent ho^-tile oxpedtUon against Cuba, he has nought
faithfully to enforce the iaws against those, who weie en-
gaged in that unwarrantable affair, and has manifested a
firm purpose to pioteot the rights of oui citizens from any
infringement on the pent ot the Spanish government of Cuba.
Under his administration, by the treaty of Nicaragua, im-
mense advantages have been secured to the p opie of the
United State-*," and questions of great delicacy and diffi-
culty, pending between out Government and that of Great
Britain, have been adpMu! in a manner winch has called
forth the admuauon and approval even oi political oppo-
nent*. . .
" 8. Resolved. That W" should he recreant to ourselves
and our State, did we suffer ourselves to pass without no-
tice the name of our own distinguished lellow-eiijzen, the
Hon. John M. Clayton, who, by" his f mment abilities, ha*
won for him>elf a high position m the councils of Ins
eountrv. His able ami -ktilful negotiation of thefteatyof
Nicaragua has placd him in the trout rank ot the diploma-*
tists of "the age, and in the entire management of our foreign
affairs su ee he has held the office of Secretary of State, he
ha-* dis-play d Mh nts. for public business of the highest
otder. His f.one is part and parcel of the tieasure of his
native State, and should be guarded and defended by his
lellow-ctti 'ens of Delaware with scrupulous fidelity.
"0. Rewired, That copies of the proceedings of this
meotiui, signed hv the President anil Seeietrnus, he tmns-
nntted to our Senators and Representative in Congress,
and published in the Whig papers of this city.
"CHARLES^. DUPONT, President.
"Attest: John A. Alldereice, )
"Franklin Pa^coast, > Secretaries.J>
"Edward IJetts, )
Mr. WALES. Mr. President, I will take this
occasion to say, in regard to Delaware, that her
citizens, from their geographical position, and the
fact that slavery exists but to a small extent there,
have no sympathy with the extremists and ultra-
isfs of any section of the country. Her people
are perfectly willing and desirous to do everything
for the South which the Constitution and the per-
petuity of the Union demand, and for the North
everything that can be reasonably required. They
have unbounded confidence in the honesty of Pres-
ident Taylor, and they gave their cordial appro-
bation to his recommendation contained in the
message communicating the constitution of Cali-
forniai ns the result of great prudence and saga-
city. And f believe that that recommendation, at
fhe time it was made, received public approba-
tion everywhere in this country, and e^oeciailv
of the conservative part of if, as (he wisest and
best policy that could be adopted. Beyond that
policy, however, this bill has been presented to
us, in the hope and expectation entertained by its
advocates that it would harmonize the differences
of opinion existing on the subject, and produce a
degree of unanimity in public opinion in regard to
this slavery question. But what has been the re-
sult? After two months of able and protracted
debate on this measure, what are the hopes of its
advocates? If, sir, I may be permitted to judge of
the sense of the Senate, I think \ may stare with
safety that, out of fifteen southern States, fhe Sen-
ators of but four of those States unite in favor of
this bill. So far, then, from its producing har-
mony of feeling and opinion, theie are only the
Senators of four southern States who agree in
opinion in favor of the bill, and who will probably
vote together in favor of it. But even in regard
to one or two of these States, it is doubtful whether
their Senators will unite in opinion, and vote in
favor of it. Under these circumstances ft is sp-
parent to me that separate legislation would have
been attended with happier results, and that sep-
arate legislation must be at last resorted to. 1 move
that these resolutions lie apoa the table and be
printed. . , ,
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator will withdraw
the motion for a few moments.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I feel it proper and
incumbent on me to sav, that I have received a
letter from one of the "most eminent citizens of
Delaware, by which I am informed that upon the
question of the adoption of these resolutions, the
meeting was so nearly equally divided, that i§
could not he ascertained on which side the major-
ity lay, and it was only upon a second division of
the meeting that a small majority was supposed to
present itself in favor of the resolutions.«
Sir, the resolutions which the honorable Senator
has presented endeavor to assail the bill before the
Senate upon the ground of its being, in the popular
language of the country—but I hope the teim will
not'be applied in the Senate—an " omnibus" bill.
Those resolutions, which have a diplomatic odor
about them, are much more incongruous m their
character, am1 the subject of which they treat, that*
the bill to which this appellation has been applied.
But the honorable Senator near me is not satisfied
with the piesentation of the resolutions, but must
make some observations on the great measure pend-
ing before the Senate. He thinks it has not yet
produced the concord which its authors hope tor.
Let it be tried before the country, and 1 think the
issue will be that it will produce concord through-
out this distracted nation. lie tells us that the
Senators from the South are not misted, or thgt
there is considerable division between them. I
confess I have found some difficulty m counting
votes in this body, and I have experienced no dif-
ficulty in ascertain me: the course which the honor-
able Senator himself means to pursue. But 1 hope,
I yet hope, that he will find it incumbent on him to
support this measure. If 1 know anything of the
people of Delaware—and my heart is full of grati-
tude towards them, anil I have always had great
respect for their sentiments thioughout the Ion?
time that I have been acquainted with them and
their representatives—if 1 know anything of the
sentiment of that State, if influences are not brought
to bear upon them, I venture to say they will-stand
alongside of the vast majority of the States of the
Union in favor of this compromise—a majority so
great that in some States, Maryland for example,
the neighbor, the nearest neighbor of Delaware,
and in my own State, it approximates almost to
unanimity.
And, sir, to go beyond the slaveholdmg States,
the State represented so ably by my friends in my
eye, the States of Indiana and Illinois, are almost
unanimous in favor of the bill. When I arrive,
as I soon hope to do, at a period when I can vin-
dicate this measure, 1 will show how predictions
heretofore made in reference to compromises of
former times have failed, as they will fail now.
When the Missouri compromise was proposed, it
was everywhere said, and in both Houses ot Con-
gress, " it will bring no peace to the country."
And yet everywhere throughout this nation there
was a degree of joy and exultation almost unpar-
alleled in its existence. So it was said when the
compromise of the tariff ot 1833 was auopted.
Repeal, agitation, and modification, it was an-
nounced would be attempted at session after ses-
sion, in order to destroy that compromise. So far
from it, the manufacturing interest never enjoyed
seven years of more profound peace and piosper-
ity than it did during the prevalence of the com-
promise tariff of 1833, and up to the time when
that compromise fell down to the lowest late of
revenue did that prosperity continue unchecked
and unalloyed.
Sir, the nation wants repose; and, as has bean
properly remarked, it is not so much cared what
mode be adopted—though I believe a vast majoY-
itTf of the people are m favor of this measure of
compromise—so that some healing measure, some
comprehensive measure, some measure that shall
reach all the sources of distraction which prevail
throughout the country, be adopted. And any
such measure will be hailed with a delight which
the disturbers of the peace will find themselves
wholly unable to destroy or impair in the slightest
degree.
