1850.
THE C&LOBft
§89
The SPEAKER replied that the Chair could
not answer the gentleman from Kentucky. It
would be a proper question to address to the Com-
mittee on Mileage.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 57, nays 132.
[When Mr. Bowljk's name was called, he said
he would vote " aye" if permitted. But having
paired off he did not feel at'liberty to vote.)
So the House refused to lay the resolution on the
table. ' ,
The question recurring on the. adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. GORMAN moved the following amend-
ment:
That the Committee on Mileage be i n>t niotrri to com-
pute the mileage in accordance with the express language
of tile law, to wit: "By the most usually traveled loute
from the residence of mcmbeis to the Capitol."
The SPEAKER. Hoes the, Chair understand
the gentleman from Indiana to move to strike out
the report of the Committee on Mileage, and insert
in lieu thereof the proposition which he makes r
Mr. GORMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for the
reading again of the preamble.
The preamble was read.
Mr. INGE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion.
The resolution and amendment were read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, st.id he
thought the amendment unnecessary, for it mere-
ly conformed to the existing law. He had called
for the reading of the preamble, because he had
thought, and still thought, that the preamble
was a reflection upon every member on the floor.
He supposed that the reply of every member to
the Committee on Mileage had been, that he had
traveled by the usual route from his residence to
this city, and that he had stated what the usual
route was; for, whatever was the usual route, the
mileage reckoned by it was the vested right of the
members. The l{iw allowing mileage vested in
the members of each House their right to pay.
It was a vested right; and no law could be made
which was retroactive in its character. But -he
would not insist upon that point.
What he did insist upon was, that the preamble
should be stricken out. He wanted no reflection
upon the members of this body, because it was a
body of honorable men. He did not believe
they would attempt to cheat or deceive the Com-
mittee on Mileage, nor did he believe they would
attempt to create confusion, in order to get their
pay for one mile more than they were entitled to
under the law. He would believe nothing of the
kind until it was proved upon some individual
member, and he certainly would not vote to cast an
imputation upon the members of this body en
masse.
But he had voted to lay the resolution on the
table for another reason. He did object particu-
larly to attempting to adopt a construction to be
binding upon the members of this House and not
of the Senate. All members of Congress were
paid by law, and if their pay were to be legulated
by any new construction of law, let that construc-
tion be binding upon all—the members of both
Houses. If there were a necessity for an amend-
ment of the law, he would unite with gentlemen
upon any fair, just amendment. He knew that
this subject of mileage was a subject of com-
plaint, m all parts of the Union. Let the Com-
mittee on Mileage go about this matter in the
proper way. Let them report a fair, just law, j
which should be binding at both ends of the Capi-
tol—upon both Jew and Gentile—and he would
vote for it; but for any resolution by which it was
sought to change the construction of a law, and
that change to apply to on.ly one branch of Con-
gress—be it ever so well calculated to catch the
crowd, be it ever so ad captandum—he would not
vote. . . ,
Mr. CARTER moved the following amendment
to the amendment:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be and is hereby
fmtlK'i instructed to report a bill that shall limit the pay of
mi'mbfr* of Congress, as far a- the same ielates to mileage, ,
to the actual and necessary tune and expense involved hi
traveling in and from the Capitol, and otherwise to equalize 1
the pay o: members. 1
Mr. FITCH appealed to the gentleman from
Ohio to yield, to allow him a word of explanation
in reply to a remark of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Thompson.]
Mr. CARTER.., The gentleman pan have that
gratification in a moment.
The amendment of Mr. Cajvfer having been
read (as above)—
Mr. ROOT. Will my colleague allow me to
make one suggestion ?
Mr. CARTER- After I get through.
Mr. CARTER said he agreed with the gentle-
man from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] that the mem-
bers of this body—or at least a portion of them—
were no more than paid for their services and sac-
rifices here. But the gentle-rnan must also be im-
pressed with this truth, that while a member in
this body from Mississippi or from Texas was re-
ceiving two thousand two hundred dollars mileage,
a gentleman from New York or from Yirgima,
whose services were equally valuable to the na-
tion, whose time was equally consumed, was not
receiving one-fourth part of that sum. The object
of his amendment was not to cut down the pay
of members of Congress. He repudiated any
such motive. But it was to regulate the re-
ward of members oi Congress according to
equity. There were under the law, as it now
stood, as many distinctions m the pay of mem-
bers on this floor, as there were members; and
those distinctions did not grow out of equity. The
gentleman who performed his travel from Texas
to this Capitol performed it with but eight or ten
days more of sacrifice of tune, and with perhaps
the sacrifice of one hundred dollars more oi money
than the man wiio proceeded to the Capitol from
the city of New York or from the State of Ohio;
and yet when he received his pay, he receipted for
two thousand two hundreddollais, while the other
only receipted for about four hundred dollars.
While he was willing to unite with the gentleman
from Arkansas, not to Vote down the pay of mem-
bers on this floor below an equitable compensa-
tion, a. compensation sufficient to sustain them and
their families while they were performing their
public duties, he would vote, and insist upon it,
that there should be a rule adopted by which there
should be no unequal distinction drawn between
members of Congress.
The Committee on Mileage was the appro-
priate organ to bring forward that reformation,
t With it there would be an end of this matter. So
j long as this inequality existed,—so long as this
I arbitrary distinction was drawn between members,
i so long would the subject of mileage continue to
, be agitated. And as long as a member received
1 $2,200 or $2,300 for his travel from Texas to this
Capitol,.the people would inquire what he did as
a consideration for that reward; and they would be
answered by the fact, that he took his position in a
state room of a steamboat on the Mississippi river
and smoked his cigar for'it.
He repeated that the motive of his amendment—
which he hoped his friend and colleague [Mr,
SwEETSER]would. consider as pursuing the objecthe
[Mr. S.Jhad in view—was to charge the Committee
on Mileage with the duty of reporting a bill which
should equalize the pay of members on this floor,
and which he hoped would commend itself to the
favor of the House.
Mr. SWEETSER said, that, in reporting the
resolution which he had been instructed by the
Committee on Mileage to report, he had antici-
pated that some feeling would be occasioned upon
this floor; but he had not expected that any gen-
tleman would rise in his place and charge that the
preamble was an imputation upon the members of
this House. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] certainly must have misconceived
that preamble when he put such a construction
upon it. He could say to the gentleman, that if he
had examined the replies which had been made by
members to the Committee on Mileage he would
have found the facts stated in that preamble.
There were differences of opinion among mem-
bers. It was not his place here to point them out
to the House at this stage of the proceedings, and
■ to make invidious distinctions between membeis
: in regard to their construction of the law. That
there were differences of opinion in regard to the
j construction of the law, no man could doubt,
i Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
i and inquired if all the members had not replied to
I the committee, stating what was the usual route?
i Mr. FITCH (Mr. Svveetser further yielding)
| stated that the charge made upon the Committee
I on Mileage by the gentleman from Mississippi
| [Mr. Thompson] of reflecting upon members was
uncalled for. No sueh reflection was, made or dler
^ned. The facts set forth, in the preamble actu-
ally existed. The answers were indefinite. Some
members had given two or more routes, and could
not say whieh was the most usually traveled. .No
blame, was attached to members for this. They
stated facts. The committee had done1 the same
in the preamble.
Mr. SWEETSER (resuming) stated that the
replies- given to the Committee on Mileage of
members living within forty miles of each other,
showed a difference in their estimates of the, dis-
tance of some 400 miles.
The truth (he proceeded to say) was, that the
attention of the country had been called to what
were believed to be abuses in regard to this matter
of mileage, and the committee had under consid-
eration the expediency of reporting a bill to rem-
edy these abuses, designed not to apply to the
present Congress, but to future Congresses and to
the members of both Houses.
The object of the resolution was, that the Com-
mittee might be informed of the construction ^hkjh
the House desired them to place upon thalaw. For
himself, he was prepared to take any responsibili-
ty which might fall upon him, in connection with
this suggestion. Attention had been called to it re-
peatedly in that section of country from which
he came by the press and from, other sources, and
it was considered, that there should be some law to
equalize the pay of Members of Congress, and
make it equitable. This, he believed, was the
sentiment of the great mass of the people in all
sections of the country. He was not disposed to
treat this subject with any Bmeombe purpose, but
he deemed it proper and necessary that some ac-
tion should be taken by Congress to reform the
existing abuses in regard to mileage.
Mr. ROOT said he must say, and with all
respect to the Committee on Mileage, that this
was a most strange report from such a body of
men. A strange recommendntion to come from
a standing committee of this House! What did
it propose? Nothing less than the repeal in, effect,
so far as the members of this House were con-
cerned, of a standing law—a law which had ex-
isted thirty years—and that by a resolution of this
House, which was to have effect only upon the
members of this House 1 The country was aroused
on this subject of mileage, and a standing com-
mittee of this House came and asked—what?
That a law, which he (Mr. Root,) admitted to be
unfair and unequal, and for the repeal or alteration
of which he had voted at every session—certainly
every Congress in which! he had- been here—
should be construed j'and the great difficulty gotten
rid- of by a, simple resolution. In- his humble
opinion such .a resolution would, be utterly nuga-
tory; it would not have the effect, of quieting the
clamor which was said to exist'all over the land.
He had voted against laying the resolution on
the table because he desired thtvt there should be
some action on the subject.- He hoped that the
House would recommit the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Mileage, with instructions to them to
report something that would be effective. . Every
man who examined the subject at all, muwt see
that the present mode of computing mileage was
unequal and unfair. But he did not admit that if
this resolution could have the effect—which it
could not—,of lepealing or changing the law, that
the system proposed by it would be any more
equal or fair. There were many things which
ought to be done in relation not only to the mile-
age, but also to the per diem of members, to reg
ulate the matter equally and fairly. And he
must say it was with' some little surprise he had
heard certain gentlemen expressing their satisfac-
tion at this pioposition of the Committee on Mile-
age, whom he had the misfortune not to see in
their seats for a week together, during the present
session, but who, let him tell the House, took
good care that their per diem should not be de-
ducted.
Mr. SWEETSER interposed and- asked his
colleague to be good enough to mention the indi-
viduals to whom he referred.
Mr. ROOT said he did not refer to his colleague.
That was as much as he [Mr. S.] had any light
to inquire about. (A laugh ) The yeas and nays,
and the recording of calls of the House would
show who they were. They had found it very
common for gentlemen to pair off to be gone a
week or two as convenient, with the understand-
