1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
mm
I have felt myself called upon, standing in the
relation I do to this subject, to make the few ob-
servations which I have made, in consequence of
the remarks, and in consequence of the character
of the resolutions, presented by the honorable Sen-
ator.
Mr. WALES. Mr. President, I am very sorry
that the Senator from Kentucky should have been
tempted to give a representation of the character
of that meeting so different from the facts as they
have been disclosed, i have the evidence upon
that subject of one who was an eye-witness, and
who partook in the proceedings of the meeting.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) My information,
too, if? from a citizen of Wilmington.
Mr. WALES. This, sir, is from an eye-wit-
ness, and one who took an active part in the pro-
ceedings of the meeting. He said he never saw
in Wilmington a larger or more^nthusiastic meet-
ing, or an audience more unanimous in passing
the resolutions. Ffom two different persons who
•attended that meeting—gentlemen of the strictest
veracity—I have the same account. The secretary
of the meeting, a man of scrupulous veracity,
says that these resolutions passed almost unan-
imously; that the persons who cried " nay" were
the editors of papers in opposition, who had taken
an active part in the former meeting.
With regard to the character of that meeting,
let there be no misunderstanding. It was as large,
as respectable, as unanimous a meeting as ever
was assembled in Wilmington on any such occa-
sion. The honorable Senator has feelings of great
regard for Delaware, and is probably in corre-
spondence with many of her citizens. But I must
' say that his remark t?hat these resolutions partook
of " a diplomatic odor®' was without the least
foundation. That I know.
Mr. CLAY. Who drew them up ?
Mr. WALES. They were drawn up in Wil-
mington.
Mr. CLAY. By whom, sir?
Mr. HALE and other Senators. Order, order.
Mr. WALES. I wilt explain.
Mr. CLAY. 1 should like to hear the explana-
tion.
Mr. WALES. I can inform the honorable
Senator that at a very large and respectable meet-
ing, held in the southern part of the State, similar
resolutions, and in stronger language, were adopt-
ed. I can further inform him that petitions favor-
able to the "'compromise" were got up by the
first meeting held in Wilmington, and sent into
the county of Kent for signature, and not one sig-
nature has yet been presented from that quarter.
This is the evidence in regard to the subject.
With regard to my own opinions, I will say
frankly to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that when I saw this measure brought forward
by him, and advocated by him and other gentle-
men, whose character and whose .judgment de-
mand my highest respect, [ was brought to a very
deliberate consideration of it, and the practical re-
sults hoped for by the distinguished gentlemen
who advocated the bill. But I believe all hope is
now extinguished. I have myself prepared a
speech, containing my sentiments on the subject,
which, although I shall have no opportunity of
delivering it here, may be seen by the honorable
Senator. He can then perceive how far my senti-
ments agree with his.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I wish to make
but a single remark with respect to Wilmington.
It is not a very large, though an extremely respect-
able city, full of industry and energy. Its popu-
lation is, I suppose, about ten or fifteen thousand.
There is no man m thatcity better acquainted with
its public sentiment than my friend to whom I re-
ferred, and whose name is well known to the
Senator from Delaware.
But with regard to the editor# who were there,
and who voted against these resolutions. There
was an editor, if I am rightly informed, from the
"North American" press of Philadelphia, who
went to Wilmington to assist the good people of
Delaware in framing these resolutions.
Mr. WALES. He made a speech there.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, he made a speech upon the
occasion.
Now, with respect to the "diplomatic odor"
which these resolutions emit, I did not locate the
diplomacy in Wilmington, but I should be ex-
tremely happy to see the original resolutions as at
first drafted. They embrace so much matter;
they are so comprehensive. Our bill an "om-
nibus!" Why, their "omnibus" is ten times as
large. It covers the foreign diplomacy of the
country and the entire Administration. That
member of the Administration from the Senator's
own State is lauded to the skies for the Nicaragua
treaty and other diplomacy. Their "omnibus"
contains matter vastly more incongruous than
fhese measures, which we have conjoined in this
compromise bill. And yet they oppose this bill
because of the incongruity of the measures of
which it is composed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire most respect-
fully to address an inquiry to the Senator from
Delaware, who has presented this morning^ the
proceeding? of this meeting. I rise, in my place,
to inquire of that Senator, in his place, if the
State of Delaware has passed Wilmot proviso
resolutions?
Mr. WALES. They have not passed Wilmot
proviso resolutions m the sense in which the gen-
tleman puts the inquiry. The Legislature did pass
resolutions two years ago against the acquisition
of territory, unless it could be made free.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. My object is to arrive
at the truth in regard to this matter. The Sen-
ators from Delaware have sat silently in theij*
seats during the present session, and heard the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] and
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] allege
that fifteen States have given their representatives
instructions to vote for this Wilmot"' proviso.
Does the Senator wish to explain?
Mr. WALES. I hav^, not heard your ques-
tion.
Mr. J30DGE. I said that the Senators from
Delaware have sat in their seats during the present
session of Congress, and have heard the Senators
from New Hampshire and New Yotk declare that
she, one of the slaveholding States of this Union,
had instructed her Senators to vote for this famous
proviso, and at a time two when, if there was a
particle of courage or bravery in the sons of the
South, they were called upon as men to stand up |
and 44 face the music," in this or any other form \
m which it could challenge their resistance. The !
Senator fiom New Hampshire, when I put to j
him the question whether my State was one of
those to which he alluded—for there are fifteen
slaveholding and fifteen non-slaveholding States
—responded no, but Delaware was one of them.v
The Senators from Delaware, one of the fifteen
slaveholding States, have allowed this assertion
to pass unnoticed, and have not contradicted
the declaration that she is one' of the Wilmot
proviso States of this Union. The Senator from
Missouri, whose seat is now pnoccupied, [Mr.
Benton,] stated as an historical fact, in his Jeffer-
son City speech, that upon these sectional questions
the southern States were divided, and that Dela-
ware had instructed her representatives in favor of
the Wilmot proviso. What was the inference
then ? The inference was, that when this Congress
met the fifteen free States would immediately vote
to enact the proviso, and that Delaware had in-
structed her Senators to go for it also. It was only
the other day that one of the most intelligent ex-
members of the State of Maryland, Mr. Constable,
called at my seat and inquired for those resolutions.
I was astonished at the statement, because of the
general accutacy of the Senator from Missouri.
The declaration has been frequently made here
also by the Senators to whom I alluded, and Del-
aware. has been claimed as amongst the number of
States which have decided in favor of what is called
the/r€e side of this question. The fact has been
repeatedly stated here without contradiction, and
I just wish to know the truth. I wish to know, if
Delaware, a slaveholding State, takes this position,
when Iowa takes her stand on the other side, arid
is willing to confront the engines of demagogism ?
I wish to know if Delaware and her leading men
take the opposite side, and if we are to havesher
Senators votinsr with the Abolitionists here, as
more than half of the political party to which the
gentlemen belong have done in time past? We
were taunted the other day by the Senator from
Florida [Mr. Yulee] with being unsound on this
question. I ask him what was the vote of his
State and of Louisiana, and other southern States,
at the time when you, Mr. President, were a can-
didate, with your well-known opinions on this
subject ? I refer to them in a spirit of great kind-
ness and regard, because i entertain for you a high
respect; but, sir, how did the gentleman's State
vote then? I take it that if you were co(nmit,ted
for anything, it was for the Wilmot proviso.
W<here were the votes of these'southern States
th£n in reference to this question, concerning which,
they assail me and the people of the State t in
part represent? I wish the position of Delaware
to'be understood, that we may know if she is with
those States which have threatened united and de-
termined resistance to this Wilmot proviso.
Mr. WALES. 1 have no recollection, nor has
my colleague, [Mr. Spruance,] of any declara-
tions made on this floor that any resolution had
passed the General Assembly of Delaware appro-
ving the Wilmot proviso. If I had heard it, £
should have explained at the time the history of
the legislation of our State upon this subject. It
is simply that certain resolutions were passed by
the General Assembly instructing their Senators
to vote against the acquisition of any new territory
unless it was made free. That was the substance
of them.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not very important, but
I rise to correct what I suppose to be a misappre-
hension. I have no recollection that I have at
any time stated in the Senate that there are fifteen
or any other number of State Legislatures which
have instructed their representative^ jo-vote for
the Wilmot proviso. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa has misapprehended me.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President 
Mr. DODGE. If I have misapprehended the
Senator, I will withdraw my remark, but 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is out
of order; the Senator from Connecticut has the
floor.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table.
Mr. DODGE. Does the Senator make the mo-
tion to lay on the table m order to cut me off from
a few words of explanation?
Mr. BALDWIN. I consider the whole of this
discussion as having been out of order.
Mr. DODGE. Very well, sir, make your mo-
tion as you please.
Mr. DAYTON. I hope the Senator from Iowa
will be allowed to explain.
Mr. BALDWIN. Certainly. If the Senator
wishes to correct himself, I will withdraw my mo-
tion.
The motion to lay on the table was withdrawn*.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. \ have but a jingle
word to say. I should dislike to do injustice to
the Senator from N£w York, reprehensible as I
think his course has been -on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is out
of order.
Mr. DODGE. Well, sir, as objectionable as his
course has been. But the Senaior from New
Hampshire, time and again during this discussion,
made the declaration before the Delawaie Sena-
tors. I wish simply to bring the matter to &
point, and to know where abolitionism begins,
and who is for it and who against it.
Mr. HALE. As allusion has been made to me,
I have a word to say. It is said that I have made
this statement repeatedly. I find that our powers
of multiplication grow wonderfully in the Senate.
A Senator from Michigan said the other day that I
made a certain statement thirty-nine times, and the
Senator from Iowa says that 1 have made the state-
ment to which he alludes repeatedly. The other
day, when I was making some remarks to the Sen-
ate in answer to a suggestion made by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in relation to how
much discretion was left to him, I stated that I be-
lieved the Senators from fourteen States had about
as little discretion left on the subject on the one
&ide as the honorable Senator from Virginia had
on the other. That was the remark which I made.
Some friend sitting near me added "fifteen, Dela-
ware is in Ihe same position;'5 and I immediately
added "Delaware/5 If that ean be considered as
stating " repeatedly55 that Delaware had instructed
her Senators to vote for the Wilmot proviso, I am
certainly guilty of it. I do not wish to make any
further explanation.
Mr. DODGE. I thought it was the Senatop
from New York who had made the suggestion that
Delaware had given such instructions; but let the
Senator who made the remark acknowledge it.,
,On motion of Mr. WALES, the resolutions
were then laid on the table, and a motion to print
them was referred to the Committee on Printing.
