1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the question is only debatable so far as it relates
to the propriety of the decision of the Chair. The
merits of the question are not open to debate on
the appeal. The debate must be confined to the
propriety of the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is to say, whether
it is competent for the Chair to take jurisdiction of
the motion as a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. Whether the Speaker shall
submit to the House whether this is a question of
privilege, or shall decide that question himself.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Well, sir, upon that
point I have nothing to say.
Mr. McC. took his seat.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said, he had a single
word to say. He thought it was proper that the
Chair should submit the question to the decision
of the House—for the reason that it was the House
itself that was concerned in the decision of the
question, not the member from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings. ] This consideration would govern the
vote he (Mr. H.) should give in favor of submit-
ting the question to the House, as it was one that
involved the character of the body. If there was
a member here who had been guilty of the act
charged against the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Giddings,] the House ought to know it; and when
any charge of this kind was made, it was compe-
tent, in his (Mr. H.'s) judgment, for a member to
submit it to the House. If the House should de-
cide that, in its judgment, the charge was true, or,
if it came in such a shape as that, if true, it would
detract from the character of the member, it was
competent for the House to say so; and it was no
part of the business of the Speaker to determine a
question involving the honor and character of the
body. It was a question for the House, and the
House alone, to decide. Entertaining this view,
he should vote accordingly.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the appeal belaid
on the table, and asked the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, appealed to the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Van Dyke] to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. VAN DYKE declined to withdraw.
Mr. BAKER desired to put an inquiry to the
Speaker. It was understood to be, whether a mo-
tion would be in order that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] have leave to make an ex-
planation ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
gentleman from Ohio can make an explanation.
Mr. BAKER. I hope unanimous consent will
be given.
Objectionjvas made.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and the
gentleman can proceed only by unanimous con-
sent. The question, therefore, is on the motion
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Van
Dyke,] that the appeal be laid upon the table.
And (continued the Speaker) before that ques-
tion is put, the Chair will state its decision. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] rose to a
question of privilege, and produced before the
House a statement from a newspaper, charging
upon him a high offence. He submitted it as a
question of privilege. Gentlemen who have dis-
cussed the appeal from the decision of the Chair,
have considered the question with reference to the
privileges of a member of the House. Upon the
question of appeal, the question whether it is a
question of privilege or not, is not, in the opinion
of the Chair, involved. But the Chair did not en-
tertain the motion as involving the privilege of a
member, not the privilege of the House. An ar-
ticle, contained in a newspaper, against a member
of the House, does not, in the opinion of the
Chair, violate the privileges of a member of the
House, but it is a question involving the privileges
of the House, as to the conduct of one of its
members. And if the question were submitted
whether an anonymous communication in a news-
paper was a question of privilege or not, that is
notla question for the Chair to decide. The extent
to which the Chair has made any decision is this:
that where n member rises on this floor, and brings
before the House a matter involving a question of
privilege, either as regards a member of the House
or the House itself, the question must be enter-
tained by the Chair, and submitted to the House
to determine whether it is a question of privilege
or not. The decision of the Chair goers to this
extent—no further. The Chair would not enter-
tain every motion which a member might think
proper to say was a question of privilege; but it
is the duty of the Chair to see that the matter re-
lates to the privileges either of the House, or of a
member of the House. When it does so, then,
under the precedents, the Speaker holds it to be
his duty to entertain it as a question of privilege,
to the extent of submitting it to the House, wheth-
er it is a question of privilege or not, as was
done in the cases cited in the 29th and 30:h Con-
gress.
Mr. BURT. The Chair has stated his reasons.
I should be very glad if he would inform the House
whether an appeal was not taken from a decision
similar to that the Speaker has this morning made,
when the gentleman from Massachusetts had the
honor to preside over the House, and what was
the vote on that appeal ?
Mr. WINTHROP said, with the permission of
the honorable member from South Carolina and
of the House, he would state that an appeal from
a similar decision was made by the gentleman
from Virginia, the present chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and withdrawn upon
a precisely similar explanation to that now made
by the Chair, in which he (Mr. W.) cordially
acquiesced.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the motion to lay on the table.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Mr. Ste-
vens, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Jones were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 102.
A count of the negative not being insisted upon—
The SPEAKER announced that the question
was decided in the affirmative.
The appeal was therefore laid on the table.
The SPEAKER stated that the point now re-
curred to be decided by the House, whether the
question should be received as a question of privi-
lege.
Mr."TOOMBS. I should like to know how the
question is submitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit it to
the House precisely as it was submitted in the
twenty-ninth Congress. The question decided
then was, whether or not the case presented in-
volved a question of privilege.
Mr. ALLEN said, he would detain the House
but a few minutes. He rejoiced that the sense of
justice of this House had induced them to reject
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES interposed, and inquired what was
the question before the House?
The SPEAKER replied that the question was
whether the subject brought before the House in-
volved a question of privilege.
Mr. JONES inquired if that was a debatable
Question? It was a question of priority of busi-
ness, and under the rules, as he understood them,
must be decided—whether by the House or by
the Speaker—without debate.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair thought the
question was debatable. It was for the House to
consider and decide whether it was a question of
privilege.
Mr. ALLEN (resuming) said, he rejoiced that
the motion for the previous question, made upon
this side of the House, after several gentlemen
opposed to admitting the question of privilege
of the gentleman from Ohio, and before any friend
of that gentleman had had the opportunity of
speaking in his behalf—had not been seconded.
He rejoiced that the sense of justice of the House
prevailed, and the previous question was refused.
Mr. H1LLIARD (the floor being yielded by
Mr A. for explanation) said he was sure that the
gentleman from Massachusetts did not desire to
misstate the matter. He (Mr. H.) had moved
the previous question on the appeal from the
Speaker's decision. If the previous question were
seconded, and the appeal were passed upon, the
other questions would still remain open as they
now were. When he had moved the previous
question, he had explicitly stated that ho would
withdraw it, if he could give the floor to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. ALLEN (resuming) insisted that several
gentlemen having spoken on the other side of the
question, the gentleman from Alabama and the
House should have allowed the friends of the
gentleman from Ohio to meet them.
He proceeded to say, that he was somewhat
surprised,that the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] who had himself presented the applica-
tion to this House for an investigation into the
conduct of the Secretary of War—an investigation
founded upon newspaper reports and common
rumor merely—should be the first to rise in his
seat, and resist an investigation touching a point
involving not only the character of a member of
this House, but the character of the body itself.
There could be no question, he apprehended, that
the House had the power to investigate this mat-
ter; and the assumption of the opposite, carried
members to this length, that no matter how grave a
charge was made against in embers of this House—
no matter by what proof sustained, if it was not
for words spoken in debate, this House could not
investigate it. He contended that if a charge was
made against a member of the House, touching
his official duty, or growing out of his official acts
and relations, of such a character that, if sus-
tained, it would require them to purge themselves,
by the expulsion of the member, it was not only
their right, but their duty to have an investiga-
tion. And the only question was, whether the
charge came in such a form to be worthy of the
ear and of the attention of the House. Now, he
submitted that the charge did come in such a form
as, in his judgment, authorized and required the
appointment of a select committee to examine the
facts, not to occupy weeks and months in the in-
vestigation, as the select committee upon the con-
duct of the head^ of one of the departments had
done, but to institute a reasonable examination of
facts, to enable the House to decide whether it
was their duty to expel the member or to acquit
him. This charge came from a paper having a
circulation throughout the country, and not alone
from an influential paper in Boston, but it had
been published in one in New York, and he knew
not how many others had circulated it He un-
derstood—he spoke here without proof—but he
appealed to the knowledge of many members on
his side of the House, whether this charge had
not only been made and repeated by the public
press, but whether it had not been circulated from
member to member in private conversation, not
for a few days only, but for weeks and months,
for he (Mr. A.) had been told by a member of
this House, that, in company with other mem-
bers, he had heard this charge repeated weeks and
months ago. It had also gone abroad to all parts
of the United States, and was calculated to pro-
duce an unfavorable impression upon the gentle-
men; and thus, if uncontradicted, or, if it should
prove true, reprobated by the House, to injure the
character of this body.
He hoped that an investigation would go for-
ward. He hoped, that having, after a laborious
investigation by a committee, been occupied for a
week or ten days upon the investigation of a mat-
ter touching the conduct of the Secretary of War ,
—a matter not so closely connected with his public
duties as was this with the duties of the gentle-
man from Ohio, as a member of the' House—they
would now have as much regard for the honor of
a member of the House, and of the House itself.
Mr. JONES interposed, and made the point of
order, that the question before the House was
whether the gentleman from Ohio had risen to a
question of privilege; that that was the only ques-
tion for the House to decide; and that this debate
touching the merits of the charge made upon the
gentleman from Ohio was not in order.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was,
whether the matter should be considered as in-
volving a question of privilege, and requested the
gentleman from Massachusetts to confine himself
to that point simply.
Mr. ALLEN observed, that whether it was
a question of privilege depended in some degree
upon the nature of the charge that had been made;
but to accommodate himself to the views of the
gentleman from Tennessee, he would endeavor to
confine his remarks to the question directly before
the House. He would not further trespass upon
time of the House, except to add a single werd.
The apprehension which had been expressed,
that if they took jurisdiction of this charge they
might be occupied by one charge after another, he
hoped, would not deter thern from an investiga-
tion of this charge and a vindication of the honor
and character of the House, in all cases. He
trusted that no man would set the honor of the
