242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 29,
Mr. VINTON. Brownsville.
Mr. EVANS thanked the gentleman for the
correction—to Brownsville, some miles further
than Wheeling or Pittsburg. Such a gentleman
traveled at the easiest, cheapest, most comfortable
rate possible, with fine, quarters, and the richest
imaginable fare; he found himself, almost without
knowing it, in thecity of Washington; and, presto,
entitled to two thousand four hundred dollars for
all the happily escaped dangers of this " raging
canal." So much, sir, for the difficulties of getting
here, by those who are best paid for coming. But,
sir, there is another argument frequently alluded
to here by gentlemen, and pressed by them, evi-
dently with all the conviction that there is some-
thing in it. They appear to be quite satisfied that
here is something-to which no reply can be ven-
tured; and that argument is, sir, that they—-'the
lawyers among them at least—lose their practice.
"Well, sir, (said Mr. Evans,) and pray who does
not? Who comes here, and at the same time re-
tains his practice? Gentlemen seem to be endeav-
oring to persuade themselves that all the time of
members living not remote from the Capitol is
spent in the courts of law and equity of their own
districts.
Sir, it is a great mistake, it is a great mistake;
a member from the city of New York, from the
city of Philadelphia, from the city of Baltimore,
from the city of Richmond, may indeed go home
for the special purpose of making a hurried argu-
ment in some particular and important cause.
Even this does not often happen; but they lose,
as every member who comes here must, all the
new practice, which would otherwise accrue to
them—not a new case are they employed in. He
would say for himself, that when lie first came to
Congress, he had, for a young man, a respectable
practice as a lawyer; with care and attention it
promised to increase. And how is it now? it is
going; he was losing it rapidly, and few new cases
were coming to his hands. Let this delusion, then,
of " inability to attend to business at home," which
appears to have existed, be at once exploded, so
far as it has been imagined to be peculiar £> gen-
tlemen receiving handsome sums for mileage; sir,
it is an inconvenience, a loss common to us all,
and shpuld not be quoted a favor of any particular
person.
And now, at this stage of the argument, without
referring to the report of the Committee on Mileage,
which did nbt appear to be as luminous as it
might be; but for the purpose of getting at the ob-
ject of that report, which seemed upon the face of
it at least a little singular, and which certainly
was not of a kind very usual here, he (Mr.
Evans) would ask the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sweetser] how the u commotions " upon
the subject of mileage which had occurred in his
district, had been produced? Who had intro-
duced the subject of mileage into the political
struggle ?
Mr. SWEETZER replied that the subject had
been introduced into the canvass in his district
through the agency of persons in Washington,
who were cognizant of the facts. It would be seen
on looking into the records, that his piedecessorhad
received mileage for nine hundred and odd miles,
although he lived foity miles nearer to Wash-
ington than he (Mr. Sweetser) did. ft had been
demonstrated that in the 9th and 10th districts,
800 or 900 dollars had been leceivcd beyond what
ought to have been allowed.
Mr. EVANS (resuming) said, that he did not
consider this an answer to his question. He did
not intend, m any way, to be peisonal in any
debate, or even to seem so to be ; but he had
understood that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sweetser,] who was now upon the Committee
of Mileage, had introduced this question into the
canvass; that it had been largely debated, and cir-
culars had been distributed bearing upon the sub-
ject of mileage and upon the amount received by
his predecessor. He was glad to find that he was
mistaken. Every gentleman, of course, was the
judge of the manner in which he would under-
take to conduct a political canvass; but in his (Mr.
Evans's) district, the people never worried them-
selves about questions of this kind. 'He would
respect them less if they uid.
Mr. SWEETSER (interposing) said, that the
statements had been made at the instigation of
persons in Washington, without his knowledge
or consent. He had no agency in the matter;
but the people had become aroused by the state-
ments.
Mr. EVANS, continuing: his people had never
been in thehabitof " arousing themselves" on such
questions; and though it had been asserted during
the last Congress that his mileage might, without
impropriety, be reduced a dollar and some'odd
cents, he had never, during the whole canvass,
heard a word about it.
Mr. SWEETSER wished to call attention to
one fact, that the gentlemen who had received this
undue allowance had attempted to show that they
had not demanded it, but that it was theallowance
made by the Committee on Mileage, without
their agency; that the responsibility, therefore,
ought to rest on the committee. To avoid such
an occurrence hereafter this resolution was sub-
mitted.
Mr. EVANS, continuing. The answer of the
gentleman from Ohio was sufficient for his pur-
pose It did shed some light upon this extra-
ordinary report, half advice, half asking for
instruction, and which sought to repeal a law by
resolution. It seems, after all, that this report is
a partisan affair. He did not mean on the part of
the Democratic paity, but on that of gentlemen
who brought it here. It looked to the particular
ends, and particular relations, and particular situ-
ations, and particular conditions, and political
prospects of pailicular individuals. The law as it
existed was plain and must be executed. The
Committee on Mileage had a plain duty, the law
was express upon the face of it; but then to follow
this plain precept might lead to some difficulty, to
some political inconsistency, and hence this most
luminous and intelligible report; that was the ex-
planation of it. Every gentleman could see it at a
glance, and the whole mystery was solved. The
gentleman [Mr. Sweetser] said that the persons
in the ninth and tenth distiicts ofOhiohad declared
that they had not demanded this undue allow-
ance," that it was the allowance made by the
Committee on Mileage without their agency.
Tins committee, peculiarly situated as it is, at-
tempts to get rid of the difficulty by asking Con-
gress to permit them to construe a law contiary to
its express provisions; for if they follow the law,
he (Mr. Evans) presumed the allowance for the
" ninth and tenth districts" will be as usual.
Mr. EVANS remarked, that he only intended
wh^n he rose, to speak of the attendance of mem-
bers, and to vindicate those relatively near Wash-
ington from the allegation of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Root.] He had not desired to detain
the House so long.
Mr. ROOT (interposing) asked the gentleman to
inform him how much the predecessor in the 29ih
Congress of the gentleman from Maryland was in
his place?
Mr. EVANS (continuing) said, that he was not
here during that Congress, and was, therefore, not
able to reply to that interrogatory; but this he
would say for his predecessor, [Mr. Constable,]
that however much or however little in his seat,
he was a gentleman of marked ability and deci-
ded talents, who shed light upon every subject
that he investigated, and gave force to every con-
clusion and to every argument. That gentleman
often did as he pleased, arid pleased as often in
what he did. He set up no rule for such men; but
he believed he [Mr. Constable] was quite as
much m Washington as others.
Gentlemen from a distance, (said Mr. E.,) from
Illinois or elsewhere, may absent themselves a
month together from attendance upon the House,
without comment; but a member nearer home ran
greater risks. His absence was sure to be no-
ticed by his constituents; there was greater danger
n it, therefore, it did not so frequently oecui,
whatever gentlemen might say to the contrary.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the gentleman from
Maryland to name any member fiom Illinois who
had absented himself.
Mr. EVANS said he would reply to his friend
fiom Illinois, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Root] did to his colleague upon a similar inquiry,
" that he did not mean him, and further than that,
the gentleman had no right to question him."
in conclusion, he would remark that he knew
the tate of this subject—he had seen it up heie be-
fore. This was the last of it; and if for no better
reasons, for this, that members had drawn their
mileage, and it a new rule of computation were
now adopted, might be bound, if not legally, at
least in honor, to refund : this consideration would
give the subject its quietus.
And now he would make a fair proposition to
gentlemen. Let all the mileage be brought into
hotchpotch, and equally divided. This would
give a fair compensation to each; for though there
were few who received too much, there were many
who recieved too little.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, the House
proceeded to the consideration of the business or>
the Speaker's table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, inquired of the
Chair whether the annual report of the Secretary
of the Treasury had been printed r
The CHAIR said it had been ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to say that the inquiry had better be, whether
it ever would be printed?
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
which was read as follows, viz:
To the Home of Representatives of the United Slates;
I transmit herewith the annual report of the Di-
rector of the Mint at Philadelphia, showing the
operation of the mintat Philadelphia and branches*
for the year 1849. Z. TAYLOR.
Washington, January 28, 1850.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, the message
and report were ordered to lie on the tabic, and be
printed.
The SPEAKER also laid hefore the House a
communication from the Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting the report of the Commissioner
of Pensions, showing the applications under the
different pension laws which had been rejected at
that office, and the reasons for such rejection.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the re-
port be printed.
Mi. EVANS, of Maryland, reiterated his" in-
quiry as to whether the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury had been printed?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said it was
ascertained that it was not prihted.
Mr. EVANS had been told that the printer says
that the House had not given the order.
Mr. VINTON was understood to say, that it
was upon his motion that the report, together with
the usual number of extra copies, wet© ordered to
be printed.
[Some desultory conversation followed, growing
out of the inquiry made by Mr. Evans, of Mary-
land, as to the reason why the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury had not been printed. In this
conversation Messrs. Evans, Vinton, Schenck,
Jones, Thompson,* of Mississippi, McWillie^
Vjsnable, and Preston King, participated. Mr.
Schenck complained of the increasing neglect
and delay which was now experienced in pro-
curing the printed documents, citing, particular-
ly, as one example, the journals of the House,
which were many days in arrear. As evi-
dence that such neglect and delay need not oc-
cur, he referred to "the clock-like regularity"
with which the Congressional Globe, containing
not only the journals, but the debates of the
House, were daily laid upon the tables; and he de-
clared that in regard to all these matters of public
printing there was complete delinquency. Mr.
Thompson, of Mississippi, concurred in the jus-
tice of the complaint of Mr. Schenck, and in-
quired how long the patience of the House was to
be thus abused ? ilQuousque tandem abutere fatten-
tia nostra?" The chairman of the Committee on
Printing [Mr. McWillie] was called upon to
throw light, if he could, on the surrounding dark-
ness.
He declaied he had thought it strange that he
saw no documents upon the tables; but being a
new member, unaccustomed to the mode in which
these things had been done, and the attention of
the committee not having been called particularly
to them, he was unable to explain the causes of
the perplexity and delay. Mr. Venable amused
the House by suggesting that the public printing
was following the " hold-over" policy adopted in
respect to the Doorkeeper and Postmaster; and
Mr. Preston King intimated the propriety of an
examination by the committee into the ability of
the contractor to perform his contract, and of his
responsibility in connection therewith. The mat-
ter for the moment received its quietus, by a decla-
ration from Mr. McWillie that the committee
