1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•248
would inquire into the subject forthwith, and
would to-morrow make some communication as to
the result of its investigation.]
The report was then laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
An ineffectual motion was made by Mr. STAN-
TON, of Tennessee to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report a resolution from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to arrest t!fe printiK** of a re-
port which emanated from the General Land
Office; and desired to have the letter of the Com-
missioner upon the suhject read.
Objection was made.
Senate bill, entitled an act to provide for the
repair and improvement of the dam at the head
of Cumberland Island in the Ohio river, came up
in order, was read twice, and on the motion of
Mr. BOYD, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. .
Also, Senate bill to authorize the trustees of the
Methodist Episcopal Church in Georgetown, Dis-
trict of Columbia, to hold certain property for the
purposes therein stated, was read twice, and on
the motion of Mr. BOYD, referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Washington's farewell address.
- The joint resolution from the Senate to author-
ize thepurchase of the manuscript Farewell Ad-
dress of General Washington, coming up in its
order, was read the second time. ;
Mr. JONES moved that it be referred to the j
Committee on the Library.
Mr. CASEY remarked that he hoped the refer-
ence would not be made, but that the resolution
would be put upon its final passage; nor could he
see any objection to this course, as every gentle-
man would feel proud to see this precious relic of
the Father of his Country among the archives of
the Government; and that if the resolution be
'committed, it would, in all probability, be delayed
till a time when it will be beyond the reach of
Congress—as it is announced in the public papers
that this manuscript will be sold at public auction
on the 12th of February next—and, therefore, ie-
quires prompt and immediate action on trie part of
this House 1 hope, therefore, that the affection
t the name and ctL'acter of George Washington
and the patriotism of the House, will piomptly
vote dtiwn the motion to refer, and that the coun-
try shall be put in possession of this invaluable
d°The question was taken on the J110.1'0" '? re^r
to the Library Committee, alid decided in the
nCThe bill then received a third reading, with the
view to its passage. ....
Mr CARTER moved so to amend the bill as to
limit the amount to be paid by the committee to
five hundred dollars. He said the amendment
was to protect the Government against an exorbi-
^Mr'BROWN, of Mississippi, said that if such
■t limitation were inserted in the resolution it would
be tantamount to saying that Congress would give
"mo™ nt. If the manuscript was worth being
purchased by( Congress . t was^orthP^ngni^re
hi MTjohn&n. °f
nf 420 000 which had heretofore
appropriation of $20, ^ Waghing.
tnTand aied if Congress was willing now, be-
ton, ana *• Wa^hinffton was made the
hke this He characterized it as an attempt to
1?, p t'reasurv Why may not some one come
f Vitress hereafter for the purchase of a uni-
form the sword of General Washington, or
rvnrked brandy-bottle said to have be-
[°r ^ tn him which he believed was now in the
Office 'with a little brandy remaining m it?
Patent Om , prevent an application
What would the ° ^ Pe chase ^ any or
^oftheseP It appeared to him that this was
merely a scheme Extort money from the public
" mT&LDS inquired if this was a genuine docu-
i-h Pm.iress was called on to purchase?
meM,WCHANDLER said he believed that it was
mo"g prinL™ ^ admitted fact, that the original
manuscript from which they composed belonged
to the printers* Mr. Claypoole had stated that he
was allowed by General Washington to retain the
manuscript of the Address as his own property.
He had examined this manuscript, and he, as well
as Stony others who had looked at it, w.ere fully
satisfied as to its authenticity. He wished to make
some reply to other observations which had fallen
from the gentleman from Tennessee. But he would
only now say that this document had become the
property of the heirs of Mr. Claypoole, and that it
was indisputably from the pen of General Wash-
ington. It had become necessary for it to be ex-
posed to public sale, and he had the word of the
heirs that it should be sold.
Mr TOHNSON, of Tennessee. At what price?
i Mr CHANDLER said the lowest price which
! had been fixed was*>ne thousand dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON asked-what was the highest
amount fixed r ,
Mr CARTER intimated that the owner of that
document had a perfect right to speculate on the
reputation of General Washington. It appeared
to be the privilege of the representatives of all the
distinguished men who had figured m our ljistory,
to be permitted to come here and put their fingers
in the treasury. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had said that this manuscript would be in the
market for sale to the highest bidder. And any
man who would sell a relic of George Washington,
would not hesitate to get half a dozen rascals to
I bid it up, and if the spirit of the, nation was
; roused, would not scruple to employ a hostot sub-
1 terranean bidders.' .
1 Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said, it was his
; wish that the amount of the purchase money
should be limited. He appreciated everything
that had belonged to General Washington as
highly as any man could do. But he desired that
some limits should be fixed. Congress had been
called on to purchase the manuscript papers ot
General Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Mon-
roe, and Hamilton; and that was getting to be a
regular business. , .
If (he said) it was desired to perpetuate this
relic of Washington, where was the spirit of patn-
otism that it could not animate some mdividual to |
purchase it, and deposite it m the Patent Office,
where it might be seen by all. But monei,, ithat
almighty power, stood in the way of such an act
of patriotism; and the owners want Congress to
step forward and make the purchase. There was
but little evidence of patriotic feeling in this. H
thought any man who loved his country and,'he
-fame of Washington, would be very unwilhn,, to
expose to public sale any manuscript from the pen
of General Washington. He hoped hat if it was
the understanding that one thousand dollars wouM
buy this document, that this sum would be n
serW as a limit. Why should Congress, by
leaving out the limitation of price, put it m he
power of any one to make a speculation on the
public treasury ? He would move to fill the blank
with the words "one thouaand", and then if that
was agreed to, he hoped the resolution would be
^ThfreadingofMr. Carter's amendment was
asked for; and it was again read,as above reported.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee, desired to put a
auestion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. If
Xisman was selected by General Washington to
print his farewell address, and then retained the
manuscript by permission of the General, was he
nermitted merely to retain it in hi., keeping, or to
bec™me th(Towner of it? Was it gWen to him for
the ouroose of making money ot it . ,
Mr ^HANDLER said that if he could evei
brine himself to believe that General Washington
had ever entertained a thought that anything he
had ever written or worn would be kept as lel'C'3
to be worshipped by those who would come after
him he (Mr. C.) should entertain a much lower
opinion of that distinguished man than he ever
had entertained. The General had given this
document to Mr. Claypoole, and it ww; Siven him
without restriction as to his disposal ot it. i
family of Mr. Claypoole were always proud of it.
But, in consequence of his death, it mus1
exposed to sale by public auction, under the laws
of the State of Pennsylvania. And wheni he .had
named one thou^nd dollars as the price of the
manuscript, he had only placed on it the estimate
to meet the demands of the law.
The gentleman from Tennessee had asked why
the uniform, the sword, and the brandy-flask
might not hereafter be purchased by Congress.
He could give no reason except it might be
that the brandy was all out of the flask. The
manuscript was offered, and ought to be purchased
by Congress, or it would fall into other hands. It
had become necessary that it should be sold.
There had been no hawking of it about, no cut-
ting of it up to be sold by instalments. If the Grov-
erriment docs not buy it, others will, and accord-
ing to the estimate which is set upon it on the
other side of the Atlantic. He repeated that
thei'e could be no doubt of the genuineness of the
document, which had been substantiated by per-
sons who had known General Washington, and
who were familiar with his handwriting.
Mr. JOHNSON asked if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania believed that General Washington
would have permitted the presenl possessors of
the document to retain it, had he supposed it
would have been offered at public sale?
Mr. CHANDLER had no means of answering
the question. ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, repeated the
qUMr°CHANDLER replied, but his exact words
did not reach the reporter's desk. _
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, thought it ex-
traordinary that gentlemen were indisposed to
place (onfidencc in the committee m reference
to this subject. They had argued as if this
manuscript had been pressed on Congress for
purchase. The fact is that the executors and heirs
of the proprietor have no control over it. Had the
original owner been yet alive, Congress would not
have had the opportunity of becoming possessed
of it He had deceased, and the heirs had ro con-
trol of the matter. The document must be sold ;
and he hoped that the day would not be consumed
in debating whether 1000 or 500 dollars should be
triven fot it; but that the purchase should be left
to the discretion of the.Committee on the Library.
Mr. STEPHENS concluded by remarking-that
he had risen principally to move the Pre™"a
qucsion, which he now did. He however with-
drew the motion at the request of
Mr. HOLMES, who said if there were a relic
of Washington which should be treasured in the
Capitol it was this identical paper. It had been
often disputed, and until this paper had come to
the view of the public it had been seriously doubt-
ed whether that Farewell Address was the pro-
duction of Washington, or whether the great mmd
of Alexander Hamilton had not conceived and
expressed the sentiments of that immortal paper.
And now, as if Providence had come to vindicate
the fame of Washington, it had so that
upon the decease of the person with whom this
precious document had been deposited, the fame of
Washington was vindicated and all doubt was re-
moved. In the Capitol, where it was intended by
act of Congress that his ashes should repose, we
ought to preserve as a sacred deposit this memo-
riat of bis living virtues.
Mr. STEPHENS renewed his demand for the
previous question.
There was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, (which was first on the amendment limiting
the amount of purchase money to $1,000.)
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
And, pending the question,
The House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
vr ,, a-otMB ot" Alabama, gave notice that lie would ill-
?o °Pr«n. the rifht of way through.thepublic
SmlB W ilie Central P.auk Road Company of Alabama.
PETITIONS,
The following petitions were presented an re-
ferred under the rule . n 0j-John Gordon, pray-
Bv Mr. CKOWaLL. The | n fotmjUrieg received in
mg Congress to gram  >«< " Eefcrred lo the Committee
the last war with Mr at nriuuu.
°n Invalidmemorial of 32 citizens of Mule
By Ml. CONM-K- •in lhe establishment
prepaid'letters at two cents per
*)i Ai^Uf iaoteenB of 6aidcouoty.a,1<i state'
for The memorial of Henry Simpson,
By ^ of salaiv as late appraiser ot the port of
asking J'®1?" Reforre<i to the Commitiee on Claims.
Pl,^f BbElff The petition of Thorn- B. Clarfce.of
