1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion they occupy ? In such a case, are not the
rights of the constituents of such a member as ef-
fectually destroyed, as they would be if the mem-
ber were actually incarcerated in a prison ? It is
true, that the imprisonment of one member would
not prevent or break up the organization of the
House, but the imprisonment of enough to pre-
vent the attendance of a quorum would. When-
ever you destroy, or render useless, an essential
element in the construction of any organized body,
you trench upon, and to some extent affect and in-
jure that body as a whole; and the right of the
whole body is affected, and can only be restored
by manifesting its whole strength and action.
I maintain, therefore, that this Housji owes it to
itself, as a parliamentary body, to vindicate itself
and all its members from chaigea which render
this body, or any of us members, infamous, and
that have a direct tendency to disparage its acts
-and doings beyond a common constituency.
The exercise of any less power than may be ne-
cessary to accomplish that object, will fail to con-
tinue this body in existence. I cannot conceive
how gentlemen can consent to take upon them-
selves the high responsibilities of Representatives,
and not claim either for themselves, as for the
body of which they form a part, all the rights
known to be incident and necessary to all parlia-
mentary bodies.
No-public man expects to escepe from having
his acts perverted, and even misrepresented, and
his character traduced; but he has a right to claim
an exemption from infamous charges, and to call
upon the body of which he is a member to stand
forth in its own defence. I claim that right for
my colleague, and nothing more; and I hope this
House will take such action as will accomplish so
desirable an object. This charge may not affect
my colleague at home, and will not be believed
generally. The effect upon him is not what I am
contending for. I will never compromise in my
person those rights which appertain to the station
I hold. If I did, I should be unworthy of the con-
stiiuency [ represent. The character of a Repre-
sentative of the people, is in part the right of this
House, and the right of his constituents; and
whenever I surrender that right, 1 will vacate my
seat upon this floor.
- Mr. WOODWARD said, he was not present at
the commencement of this discussion, and he
might be about to present views which had already
been urged in a satisfactory manner. He enter-
tained a confident opinion on the question before
the House. He had expressed that opinion two
years ago, and reflection had confirmed him in it.
He maintained the position which he understood
had been laid down by the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] before he (Mr. W.) entered the
Hall: that a member of Congress, as such, has no
privileges, except what have been provided by the
Constitution or by law. Parliamentary privileges
in favor of this body no more exist by construc-
tion than do royal privileges in favor of the Pres-
ident. The same princifle that would sustain the
one, would equally sustain the other. Privileges
not created by the Constitution muSt be created by
law, and it was for the express purpose (and for
no other purpose) of endowing the members of
the Government with necessary privileges for the
public good, and of protecting them in the enjoy-
ment of those privileges, that exclusive legislative
power within this District and other enumerated
places, was conferred upon Congress. Indeed, for
no other purpose was the District of Columbia
created. Mr. Hamilton so says in the Federalist
expressly. He says, that, for regulating the affairs
of the people of the District, " of course they
would be allowed a local legislature of their own,"
and Congress was expected to exert its power for
no other purpose than to protect the members of
the Government and the public property, control-
ling the local legislation no further than might be
necessary for their purposes. And if it is deemed
important that members of this body should pos-
sess any particular privilege or exemption besides
those mentioned in the Constitution, you should
provide for it by law. Privileges are not to be
put above law, because they are peculiar; on the
contrary, their being peculiar is a reason why they
should be construed strictly, even when created by
law. Nor is the fact of their being peculiar any
reason why they should be exempt from the ordi-
nary couise of judicature, and from the maxim,
or rather fundamental principle of liberty, which
July 5,
separate legislative, judicial, and executive func-
tions. They must be maintained like all other
privileges, and can claim no higher protection. And
why should it be otherwise?
But there are two privileges which were deemed
of such vital importance, that the Constitution
placed them beyond the reach of law, and the ex-
clusive power of Congress in this District. These
privileges do not depend on the will of Congress
for their existence, nor could Congress abolish
them. One is exemption of members from suit
or indictment, for anything said in debate;and the
other is exemption (except in specified cases)
from arrest during the session of their respective
Houses.
Why was the last privilege deemed so sacred
as to be made the subject of a constitutional pro-
vision ? The heads of^epartments enjoy no such
exemption. Even the" President, comprehending
in himself the whole of one of the' great inde-
dependent departments of the Government, has
no such privilege. Why was it so carefully se-
cured to the humWest member of this body, and
denied to him who stands in the place of king,
being the giver of all the high dignitaries of State?
Sir, (said Mr. W.,) I will state the reason why.
The President is, in his individuality, a body
politic, possessed of all his powers, wherever he be;
in this District or out of it. He may be prisoner,
and yet he possesses all his functions as President.
Even within the walls of a jail he could execute
every function of his office. Arrest or imprison-
ment could not deprive him of any of his faculties
as a public officer. So, too, with every cabinet
officer. But how different with the legislative
departments of the Government. This House
has no official character or existence outside of
these walls, or whatever other place may be desig- I
nated by the law for its meeting. And, within !
the walls, it is powerless without a "quorum."
Indeed there can be no Sena^ or House of Rep-
resentatives except a quorum be present. To
prevent the attendance of a member, therefore, is
to endanger the very existence of these bodies.
We all know that in times past, when compen-
sation was inconsiderable, and constituents indul-
gent, members of representative bodies were not
prompt in attendance. Bodies had sometimes to
wait several days t® get a "quorum." To per-
mit the arrest of a member, therefore, was to ex-
pose the body itself to annihilation. And the
framersof the Constitution wisely provided against
the possibility of such an event, by exempting
members from arrest during the session of their
respective Houses.
But, sir, (said Mr. W.,) we should naturally have
expected that a privilege so peculiar, denied as it
is, to the highest dignities of State, even to the
President himself, would not be carried to a greater
extent, than was supposed necessary to effect the
object of its creation; that is, to prevent the possi-
ble annihilation of the legislative body. Such was
the fact. In the Convention, the Constitution in
its first form, prpvided, that members should be
exempt from arrest, during the session of Congress.
The word " Congress" was, on motion, stricken
out, and the words "their respective Houses"
were substituted. So the privilege of a member
extends to that fieriod of time only, during which
that particular house to which he belongs, is in
session. The Senate being in session is no foun-
dation for the privilege of a member of this
House. The privilege is not held jointly by the
members of both Houses, upon a condition com-
mon to both; but is held by the members of each
irrespective of a condition peculiar to their own
House. The session of each House confers the
privileges upon its own members.
Whilst, therefore, the substitution of the words
" their respective Houses " for the word " Con-
gres," shows that the privilege was not referred
to the whole period of the session of Congress;
the word " respective " shows that the privilege
was restricted to the time of the session of a par-
ticular House. If this House and the Senate
should adjourn at four o'clock this afternoon,
neither House will be in session after that hour;
and yet Congress, which is made up of both
Houses, will be in session.- Is this a contradic-
tion ? No, sir; for as I have stated, the session of
Congress and the session of the two Houses, are
different things; and of those two things, that one
upon which the privilege in questioifdepends, is
the session of the Houses, and the privilege of
the member is " respective " of the session of
that House to which he belongs, and has no rela-
tion to the session of the other House, or of Con-
gress. Gentlemen must not, therefore, (said Mr.
W.,) be surprised when I declare my conviction,
that any member of this body is liable to arrest,
like other persons, the moment the House adjourns;
though to-morrow, he could claim to be discharged
in time to attend the session that may take place
to-morrow. And why should the privilege go
beyond this; if the object of its creation was to
[ prevent the possible annihilation of the body?
Why should such a privilege in its greatest am-
plitude be made sacred to this body, and be wholly
and absolutely denied to the other departments of
the Government? •
Sir, if the Constitution had not otherwise pro-
vided, any one of us would have been liable to be
arrested on this very floor, in your very presence,
for any cause that renders a private individual
liable. And if it required positive law to create
this exemption in our favor, how much more
would it require positive law to endow us with
the power of bringing persons outside of this Hall
into ourpresence to answer for offences against
us? You first assume privileges without authority
of law; you next arrogate jurisdiction to punish
the breach of those privileges, and in doing both
these things, you are judges i your own case.
Gentlemen have drawn a distinction between
privileges of individual members and privileges of
the body itself; and I admit that Congress has
always recognized that distinction. But I under-
take to say that no such distinction is known to
our Constitution or laws. This House, as a body,
has no privileges, in the strict sense of the term.#
We can punish a member for improper conduct,
and, by a vote of two thirds, expel a member for
any cause whatever. But this is no matter of
privilege; it is a jurisdiction, a faculty, expressly
confeired by the Constitution; and whether a mo-
tion, at this time, to inquire into the conduct of
the honorable member from Ohio, with a view to
his punishment, can be entertained by the-Chair,
is a question that belongs properly to rules of pro-
cedure; a question of priority m the order of
business.
1 have said, that this House has no privileges,
as a body. True, you can expel an intruder, and
claim'the exclusive possession of your Hall. But
this is no prerogative; it is a right you enjoy in
common with every man and every body of men
in Christendom. Every man's house is his castle,
and under his own protection.
Sir, I am not the enemy of the rights of.this
body. My inclination is to confer upon it every
privilege necessary to render it secure in the dis-
charge of its duties. I would, for the people's
sake, protect it against disturbance and intimida-
tion, whether by force or other means. But there
is no excuse for doing without law what can be
done by law. And there is the least possible ex-
cuse in a body which can ^at any time make the
law. Provide by law what shall be offences
against this body; endow the inferior officers of the
House with power to arrest for such offences, and
invest the Speaker with authority, ex officio, to
issue suitable warrants and order ,commitmqjts;
and nothing will remain to be done, that does not
constitutionally belong to the courts of the coun-
try.
Mr. ROOT rose to make some remarks on this
question. He considered it necessary that the
House should not act upon it without a perfect
understanding of its bearings. He desired that he
himself might be-enlightened on the subject, in
case he had now formed opinions which were not
correct. If he had taken up any wrong view, he
wished that he might be corrected. His colleague
had laid before the House a statement, containing
ssrious charges, which implicated his character as
an honorable man, which had been published in a
Boston newspaper. The Chair had recognized the
right of his colleague to make this statement, and
the statement was permitted to come before the
House under the decision of the Chair, in order
to see what course the House might deem it proper
to take in reference to it. A n appeal was then made
from the decision of the Chair. A motion was
then made to lay this appeal on the table. The
vote on that motion sustained the Chair to a certain
extent, and rrow that the whole question has come
before the House for discussion, every one is at
liberty to range at large. He stated that he did
