244
J
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
Detroit, praying for a land patent to be issued tobim; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A! o,the petition of Orange Risdon, and 134 others, prny-
imr for the establishment of a po«t mpte from Grand Haven
to Manistee, in the State of Michigan ; which was relerred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BOOTH: The memorial of Samuel Ru«sel and
nineteen others, for the reduction of postage on prepaid let-
ters to two cents.
Also, the memorial of Ellen Stone, heir and administra-
trix of the late Leman Stone, praying for indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800.
By Mr. ROBINSON: The petition of seventy-five citizens
of Ohio county, Indiana, praying a reduction of postage to
two cents per half ounce on prepaid letters; which was
- referred to the Committee on the Post Office and PQst
Roads.
On motion by Mr. ROBINSON, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papers in the case of the heirs j
of Joseph Gerard, praying compensation for services as a
military guide; and they were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
By Mr. YOUNG: The memorial of Robert Rutherford,
praying Congress to grant bun a pension in consequence of
disability incurred in the gallant defence of Fort fiauHOn.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio; The petitions of John Met-
calf and 81 other citizens of Putnam, Ohio ; of John Peters
and 101 others,and of William Wilson and 244 others, of
Zanesville, Ohio, for cheap postage and abolition of frank-
ing privilege. Referred to the Committee on the Po&t Of-
fice Und Post R «jd«.
The petition of George Cassidav, an invalid soldier of the
Mexican war, for a pension. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. ^
And the petition of Seth Adams, of Zanesville, Ohio, for
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800. Referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 29, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a report from the Commissioner
of Pensions, embracing a list of those who have
applied for pensions and had their claims rejected ;
a list of those applying for invalid pensions whose
claims have been rejected; and a list of those per-
sons who have applied under the law granting
pensions to widows and orphans of soldiers of the
regular army, volunteer and militia, whose claims
have been rejected, and showmg the reasons in
each case for the rejection. *
The document was oidered to He on the table;
and the motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr, DICKINSON presented a petition from
citizens of Biughampton, New Yoik, asking a re-
duction in the rates of postage; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a petition of Wm, C. Bryant and others,
citizens of New York, asking a suspension of the
diplomatic intercourse with Austria and the with-
holding of all appropriation for the same; which
was referred to i.he Committee-on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of A.
W. Starks, asking compensation for his sei vices
jncariymg the mail; which was refened to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Air. TURNEY submitted a document relating
to the claim of Anthony Rankin, an ensign m the
last war with Great Britain, to the reimbursement
of money paid for medical attendance during an
illness contracted prior to his dischaige from the
army, which was referred to the Committee of
Claims. '
Mr. SEWARD submitted a document relating
to the claim ot William Blake for a pension; which
was referied to the Committee on Pensions.
Air. STURGEON presented a memorial of the
National School Convention held in Philadelphia,
a^k^g tiie establishment of a bureau of public ed-
ucation; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of the Board
of Health of the city of New Orleans and the
Boaid oi Administrator of the Charity Hospital
of the State of Louisiana, asking the enactment ot
a law imposing a tax upon alien passengers arriv-
ing at the ports of the United States; which was
refened to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Air. HAMLIN submitted .m additional docu-
ment relating to the claim of Peter Grover; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial of the
Charleston Chamber of Commerce, asking that
certain warehouse expenses heretofore borne by
the Government may not be imposed on the im- j
porter; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
from citizens of Kanesville, Iowa, asking a grant
to that town of the lands on which it is located;
which was referred to the Committee on Ij^blic
Lands.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE,
Ordered, That the petition of John T. Sullivan, on the
files of the Senate, b« referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Road's.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to which was referred the petition of
James Cunningham, of Adams county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to redeem certain notes
issued by the Continental Congress, asked to be
discharged from the further0)nsideration of the
same, and that the petition lie on the table; which
was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Henry Simpson, formerly :
appraiser in the custom-house at Philadelphia,;
asking to be paid for the entire year, he having i
been removed when only two months of the year \
had expired, made an adverse report on the same; 1
which was agreed to. i
Also, from the same committee, to which was j
referred the resolutions of the Common Council of
New York in favor of the establishment of a
branch mint i-n that city, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it he on the table, as a biU had already been
reported; which was agreed to*
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
Abigail Shaler Stihvell, le^al representative of
I Wm. Shaler, deceased, submitted an adverse report
on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred so much of the President's message ps re-
lates to carrying out the treaty with Brazil,
reported a bill to carry into effect the convention
between the United States and the Emperor of
Brazil of the 27th of January, in the year 1849;
which was read and ordered to a second rending.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
James Robertson, submitted a report asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting land
to the refugees who took part in the support of the
struggles for liberty and independence in Hungary
and other European countries; which was read,
laid on the table, and the motion to print referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish
a port of entry at Milwaukee, in the Stateof Wis-
consin, and for other purposes; which was lead a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commeice, together with a re-
port of the Board of Tiade of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Air. PEARCE. Mr. President, I beg leave to
submit a resolution, and I ask the Senate to en-
tertain it at this time. It is as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate report the cir-
cumstances which have delayed the delivery .to members- of
the Senate ot' the estimate*, of appropriations, as required
by the joint resolution of Jaimaiy 7th, 1846.
I beg leave to state, that a joint resolution of both
branches of Congtess, passed in January, 1846,
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to submit
to Congress estimates of the appropriations to be
made; he is bound by law to do this, and he is
required to have them piepared before the com-
mencement of the session of Congress, and printed
and delivered to the Clerk of the House of Repie-
sentatives, to be by him distributed as other public
documents are. I understand, by inquiry at the
Treasury Department, that the estimates of ap-
propriations were piepared and printed before the
commencement of the session, i understand they
were deliveicd to the Clerk of the House of Repre- !
sentatives, and yet copies hav^iot been laid on the !
table of Senators, as by l.iw isTequired. Without j
these estimates it is impossible for the Senate un- I
derstandingly to act upon the various appropriation I
bills which must he passed by Congress, and I
hope the Senate will adopt this resolution.
The resolution was taken up by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC INTERCOURSE WITH AUSTRIA.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following
resolution, which he desired might be read and
laid on the table, giving notice that he meant to
move it as a substitute for that offered by the Sen-
ator fr^p Michigan, Mr. Cass, when the subject
came up:
Resohcd, That while the people of the United States sym-
pathize'with popular movements to lefotm political institu-
tions inconsistent with the enlightened opinions of the pres-
ent age, and would rejoice to see all the nations of the earth
adopt the JJmericun-piincijrte of representative sell-govern-
ment under written con-titutiona! limitations, they di-clnim
anv right to intermedin** with the domestic policy of other
nations, and repudiate all attempts to control the action ot
foreign Governments inspect to their internal affairs or
civil dissension* and wars jnst as tiiey would resist any in-
terference from abroad with their own.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
a series of resolutions which I desire to submit to
the consideration of this body. Taken together,
in combination, they propose an amicable arrange-
ment of all questions in controversy between the
free and the slave,States, growing out of the sub-
ject of slavery. It js not my intention, Mr. Presi-
dent, at this time, to enter into a full and elaborate
discussion of each of these resolutions, taken
separately, Qr the whole of them combined to-
gether, as composing a system of measures; but I
desire to present a few observations upon each
resolution, with the purpose, chiefly, of exposing
it fairly and fully before the Senate and before
the country; and I'iriay add, with the indulgence
of the Senate, towards the conclusion, some gen-
eral observations upon the state of the country and
the condition of the question to which the resolu-
tions relate. Whether they shall or shall not
meet with the approbation and concurrence of the
Senate—as 1 most ardently hope they may; as I
most sincerely believe they ought-—I trust that at
least some portion of the long time which I have
devoted, with care and deliberation, to the prepa-
ration of these resolutions, and to the presentation
of this great national, scheme of compromise and
harmony, will be employed by each Senator be-
fore he pronounces against the proposition em-
braced in these resolutions. The resolutions, sir,
are all preceded by a short preamble, to which of
course I attach no very great importance. The
preamble and first resolution are as follows:
It being desnable tor the peace, concord, and harmony of
the union ot these Staus to seule and adjust amicably all
existing questions ot controversy between them arising out
of the institution ot siuveiy, upon a fair, equitable, and ju&l
basis: Therefore
1st. Resolved, That California, with suitable boundaries,
ought, upon her application, to be admitted as one of the
States of this Union, without the imposition by Congress of
any restriction in respect to the exclusion or introduction
of slavery within those boundaries.
Mr. President, it must be acknowledged that
there has been some irregularity in the movements
which have terminated m the adoption of a con-
stitution by California, and m the expression of
her wish—not yet formally communicated to Con-
gress, it is true, but which may be anticipated in
a few days—to be admitted into the Union as a
State. There has been some irregularity m the
manner in which they have framed that constitu-
tion. It was not pteceded by any act of Con-
gress authorizing the convention and designating
the boundaries of the proposed State, accprding to
all the early practice of this Government, accord-
ing to all tiie cases of the admission of new States
into this Union, which occurred prior, I think, to
that of Michigan. Michigan, it I am not mis-
taken, was the fir^t State which, unbidden, un-
authorized by any previous act of Congress,
undertook to form for herself a constitution, and
to knock at the door of Confess for admission
into the Union. 1 recollect that at the time when
Michigan thus presented herself, I was opposed,
m consequence of that deviation from the early
practice of the Government, to the admission.
The majoiity determined otherwise, and it must
be in candor admitted by all men, that California
has much moie reason to do what she has done,
unsanctioned and unauthorized by a previous act
of Congress, than Michigan had to ao what she
did. <
Sir, notwithstanding the irregularity of the ad-
