1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
mission of Michigan into ihe Union, it has been
a happy event. She forms now one of the bright
smra of this glorious Confederacy. She has sent
here to mingle m our councils Senators and Rep-
resentatives—men eminently distinguished, with
whom we may all associate with' pride, with
pleasure, and with satisfaction. And I trust that
if California—irregular as her previous action may
have been in the adoption of a constitution, but
more justifiable than was the action of Michigan
-—if she also shall be admitted, as is proposed by
this first resolution, with suitable limits, that she
too will make her contribution of wisdom, of pa-
triotism, and of jtood feeling to this body, in order
to conduct the affairs'uf this great and boundless
empire.
The resolution proposes her admission when
she applies for it. There is no intention on my
part to anticipate such an application, but I thought
it ri^ht lo present this resolution as a part of the
genera! plan which I propose for the adjustment
of ihese unhappy difficulties.
The second resolution, sir, is as follows:
2d. Resolved, That a« s-laverj' doe-= nor exi«t hy law, and
u not likely to be introduced into any of the territory ac-
quired by tin; tTnir?jd States from the Republic of M^ak-o, it
io inexpedient for Congress to provide by law, cither for its
introduction into or exclusion from any pah of the said ter-
ritory; and thru anpropriatt; Territorial jrovrrmnmits outfit
to be established by congressf hi ali of the said territory, not
a*5igiied a* the boundaries of the proposed Slat' of Califor-
nia, without the adoption of any restriction or condition on
the subject ot slavery.
This resolution, sir, proposes, in the first in-
stance, a declaration of two truths—one of law
and the other of fact. The t\uth of law which it
declares "is, that there does notvexist, at this time,
slavery within any portion of th£ territory acquired
by the United States from Mexico. When I say,
sir, that it is a truth, I sneak my own solemn and
deliberate conviction.* I am aware that some gen-
tlemen have held a different doctrine; hut I per-
suade myself that they themselves, when thej.7
come to review the whole ground, will see sufficient
reasons for a change, or at least a modification of
their opinions; but that, at all events, if they ad-
here to that doctrine, they will be found to com-
pose a very small minority of the whole mass of
the people of the United States.
The next truth which the resolution asserts is,
that slavery is not likely to he introduced into any
portion of that territory. That is a matter of fact;
and all the evidence upon which the fact rests is
perhaps as accessible to other Senators as it is to
me; but I must say that from all I have heard or
read, from the testimony of all the witnesses I
have seen and "conversed with, from all that has
transpired and is transpiring, I do believe that not
within one foot of the -territory acquired by us
from Mexico will slavery ever be planted, and I
believe it could not be done even by the force and
power of public authority.
Sir, facts are daily occurring to justify me in
this opinion. Sir, what has occurred ? And upon
that subject, and indeed upon this whole subject,
I invite Senators from the free States especially to
consider what has occurred even since the last
session—even since the commencement of this
session—since they left their respective constitu-
encies without an "opportunity of consulting with
them upon that great and momentous fact—the
fact that California herself, of which it was as-
serted and predicted that she never would establish
slavery within her limits when she came to be ad-
mitted as a State; that California herself, embra-
cing, of all other portions of the country acquired
by us from Mexico, that country wito which it
would have been most likely that slavery should
have been introduced; th^t California herself has
met m convention, and by a unanimous vote, em-
bracing in that body slaveholders from the State
of Mississippi, as well as from other parts, who
concurred in the resolution—that California by a
unanimous vote has declared against the introduc-
tion of slavery within her limits. I think, then,
that taking this leading fact in connection with all
the evidence we have from other sources on the
subject, I am warranted in the conclusion which
constitutes the second truth which I have stated in
this resolution, that slavery is "not likely to be
introduced into any of the territory acquired by us
from Mexico."
Sir, the latter part of that resolution asserts that
it is the duty of Congress to establish appropriate
territorial governments within all the country ac-
quired from Mexico, exclusive of California, not
embracing in the acts by which these governments
shall he constituted either a prohibition or an ad-
mission of slavery.
Sir, much as I am disposed to defer to high
authority, anxious as I really am to find myself
m apposition that would enable me to cooperate
heartily with the other departments of the Gov-
eVnment in conducting the affairs of this great
people, I must say that I cannot—without a dere-
liction of duty—consent to an abandonment of
them without government, leaving them to all
those scenes of disorder, confusion, and anarchy
which I apprehend, in respect of some of them,
there is too much reason to anticipate will arise.
It is the duty, the solemn—I was going to add the
most sacred duty—of Congress to legislate for
their government if they can, and at all events to
legislate for them, ami to give them the benefit of
law, and oider, and security.
The next resolutions are the third and fourth,
which, having an immediate connection with each
other/ should be read and considered together.
They are as follows:
3d R<??o/iW? That the western boundary of the State of
Texas ou«ht to be fixed on the Rio del Norte, commencing
one inaiine league from its mouth, and running up that
river to the southern line of New Mexico; thence with
that line eas-twardly, and ^o continuing in the same duec-
tion to the line established between the United States and
Spain, excluding any jimtion of N< w Mexico, whether
lying on the u<is.t or west of thai river.
4th. Resolved, That it be, proposed to the Slate of Texas
th.it the United States will provide (or the payment ot all
that portion ot the legitimate and bona fide public debt of
that State, contracted prior to its annexation to the United
Stales, and for which the duties on toreign imports weic
pledged by the said State to its creditors not exceeding
the sum of .<? in consideration of the said duties, so
pledged having been no longer applicable to that object
after the ?aid annexation, but having therieeforwaid b< come
payable tp the United States; and upon the condition also
that the said State of Texas s>hall, by .-ome solemn and
authentic act of her Legislature, or of a convention, relin-
quish to the United Suites any claim which it ha& to any
part of New Mexico.
Mr. President, I do not mean now, I do not
know that I shall atany time—it is a very complex
subject, and one not free from difficulty—go into
the question of what are the true limits of Texas. 1
My own opinion is. 1 must say, withoutintending
by the remark to go into any argument, thatTexas
has not a good title to any portion of what iscalled
New Mexico. And yet, sir, 1 am free to admit
that, looking at the grounds which her representa-
tives assumed, first in the war with Santa Anna in
1836, then at what transpired between Mr. Trist
and the Mexican negotiators when the treaty of
peace was negotiated, and then the fact that the
United States have acquired all the country which
Texas claimed as constituting a portion of her ter-
ritory; looking at all these facts, but without at-
taching to them, either together or separately, the
same degree of force which gentlemen who think
that Texas has a right to New Mexico do, I must
say that there is plausibility, to say the least of it,
in the pretensions that she sets up to New Mexico,
r do not think they constitute or demonstrate the
existence of a good title, but a plausible one. Well,
then, sir, what do I propose? Without entering
into any inquiry whether the Nueces or the Rio
Grande was the true boundary of Texas, f propose
by the fiist of these two resolutions, thatits western
limits shall be fixed on the Rio del Norte—extend-
ing west from the Sabine to the mouth of the Itio
del Norte—and that it shall follow up the Biavo, or
the Rio del Norte, to where it strikes the southern
line of New Mexico, and* then, diverging from
that line, follow on in that direction until it reaches
the line as fixed by the United States and Spam
by their treaty of 1810; and thus embracing a vast
country abundantly competent to form two or
three States—a country which I think the highest
ambition of her greatest men ought to be satisfied
with as a State and member of this Union.
But, sir, the second of these resolutions makes a
proposition to the State of^Texas upon which I
desire to say a few words. It proposes that the
Government of the United States will provide for
the payment of all that portion of the debt of Tex-
as for which the dudes received upon imports from
foreign countries was pledged by Texas at a time
when she had authority to make pledges. How
much it will amount to I have endeavored to as-
certain, but ali the means requisite to the ascer-
tainment of the sum have not been received, and
it is not very essential at this time, because it is
the principle- and not the amount that is most
worthy of consideration. Now, sir, the ground
upon which I base this liability on the part of the
United States to pay a specified portion of the debt
of Texas is not new to me. It is one which i have
again and again announced to bean opinion enter-
tained by me. I think it is founded upon princi-
ples of truth and eternal justice. Texas being an
independent Power, recognized as such by all the
great powers of the earth, invited loans to be made
to her to enable her to prosecute the then existing
war between her and Mexico. She told those
whom she invited to make these loans that " if
you make them the duties on foreign imports shall
be sacredly pledged for the reimbursement of the
loans." The loans were made. The money was
ieceived,and expended in the establishment of her
liberty and her independence. After all this, she an-
nexed herself to the United States, who thencefor-
ward acquired the right to the identical pledge
which she had made to the public creditor to satisfy
the loan of money which he had advanced to her.
The United States became the owners of that
pledge and the recipient of all the duties payable
in ihe ports of Texas.
Now, sir, I do say that, in my humble judg-
ment, if there be honor, or justice, or truth
amongst men, we do owe to the creditors who thus
advanced their money upon that pledge the reim-
bursement of the money, at all events to the ex-
tent that the pledged fund would have reimbursed
it, if it had never been appropriated by us to our
use. We must recollect, tir, that m relation to
that pledge, and to the loan made in virtue and on
the faith of it, there were three parties bound—I
mean after annexation—the United States, Texas,
and the creditor of Texas, who had advanced his
money on the faith of a solemn pledge made by
Texas.
Texas and the United States might do what they
thought proper; but in justice they could do noth-
ing to deprive the creditor of a full rchance upon
the pledge upon the faith of which he had ad-
vanced his money. Sir, it is impossible now to
ascertain how much would have been received
from tfcit source of revenue by the State of Texas
if she had remained independent. It would be
most unjust to go there now and examine at Gal-
veston and her other ports to ascertain how much
she now receives by her foreign imports; because,
by being incorporated into this Union, all her sup-
plies which formerly were received from foreign
countries, and subject—many of them at least—to
import duties, are now received by the coasting
trade, instead of being received from other coun-
tries, as they would have been if she had remained
independent. Considering the extent of her terri-
tory, and the rapid manner in which her popula-
tion is increasing, and is likely to increase, it is
probable that in the course of a few years there
might have been such an amount received at the
various ports of Texas—she remaining indepen-
dent—as would have been adequate to the extinc-
tion of the debt to which I have referred.
But, sir, it is not merely m the discharge of what
I consider to be a valid and legitimate obligation,
resting upon the United States to discharge the
specified duty, it is not upon that condition alone
that this payment is proposed to he made; it is also
upon the further condition that Texas shall relin-
quish to the United States any claim that she has
to any portion of New Mexico. Now, sir, al-
though, as I believe, she has not a valid title to any
portion of New Mexico, she has a claim; and lor
the sake of that general quiet and harmony, for
the sake of that accommodation which ought to be
as much the object of legislation as it is of individ-
uals in their transactions in private life, we may-
do now what an individual in analogous circum 
: stances might do, give something for the relin-
quishment of a claim, although itshouldnotbe well
founded, for the sake of peace. It is therefore
proposed—and this lesohmon does propose—that
we shall pay the amount of the debt contracted by
Texas prior toils annexation to the United States,
in consideration of our reception of the duties ap-
plicable Jo the extinction of that debt; and that
Texas Jail also, in consideration of a sum to be
advanced, relinquish any claim which she has to
any portion of New Mexico.
The fifth resolution, sir, and the sixth, like-the
third and fourth, are somewhat connected together.
They are as follows:
5th. Resolved, Tnat H i« inexpedient to abolish slavery
in the ftistnct of Columbia, whiUt Hi;U niMUutiou con-
tinues to exist in the Sine of Mmylond, without the con-rut
of that State, without the consent of the people ut trie h.*-
