1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Furkee, Fitch, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Hammond,
Kampton, Thomas L. Harris, Henry, Howe, Hunter, W.
T. Jackson, Julian, Preston King, LefRer, Horace Mann,
Marshall, iVfeClernand, McGaughey, Morris, Olds, Peaslee,
Peek, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Rob-
inson, Jloot, Rumsey, Sackett, Spragne, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Sweetser, Tuck, Walden, Waldo, Wentworih, White, Wil-
drick, Willams, Wilmot, Winthrop, and Wood—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Baker, Bo-
cock, Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, Brooks, Buel, Burt, Chester
Butler, E C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conner, Conrad,
Deberry, Dunham, JSdmundson, Nathan Evans, Feather-
ston, Fowler, Gentry, Gerrv, Gorman, Gou, Hamilton, Har-
alson, Isham G. Harris, Hibbard, Hiliiard, Inge, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, La Sfere. LiUlefield, Job Mann, Matteson,
McDowell, Finis E. MeLean, McMullen, McQueen, Meach-
am, Miller, MiJlson, Morse, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Outlaw,
Parker, Phelps, Powell, Reed, Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Sav-
age, SawteHe, Schermerhorn, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester,
Alexander H. Stephens, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
J. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Underhill, Van Dyke,
Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, Woodward, and Young—81.
So the House decided that the said subject-mat-
fer was not a question of privilege.
. Mr. GIDDINGS said, he wished respectfully to
inquire of the Speaker what was the effect of this^
vote.
The. SPEAKER replied, that it was to decide
that nothing connected with the subject was before
the House..
Mr. LITTLEFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House had refused to consider
the subject as a question of privilege, and to lay
that motioYi on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he would respectfully
ask the unanimous consent of the House to make
a statement of such facts as were within his knowl-
edge, relating to the appointment and removal of
the Postmaster at Oberlio.
The unanimous consent of the House being
awarded, Mr. G. proceeded to say, that a day or
two previous to the adjournment of Congress he
received a letter from a brother of the late post-
master, then an applicant for the office. In the
midst of the business then demanding his atten-
tion, he was unable to answer the letter until he
rested over night at Pittsburg, on his way home.
He there informed the author of the letter that he
never recommended any man for appointment; that
his lule had always been to certify as to character
and talent, leaving the propriety of appointment
entirely with the department; that he had never
interfered with appointments out of his own dis-
trict, but as he was perfectly conscious that his
colleague, [Mr. Root,] in whose district Oberlm
was situated, would take no exception, he took
the liberty of enclosing a statemeat in relation to
the character and talent of Mr. St€fphens, the ap-
plicant. This statement was inclosed to the broth-
er of the gentleman, who was afterwards ap-
pointed postmaster. He had not seen the letter
since it was mailed, nor did he now know whether
it was filed in the Post Office, except by inference.
Mr. BAKER interrupted Mr. Giddings, and in-
quired, if the gentleman from Ohio would allow
him to inquire whether he had any reason to be-
lieve the imputation came from the Post Office De-
partment ?
Mr. GIDDINGS said, that he was unable to,
say where or from whom theimputation hadarisen.
The first hint he had seen or heard was on Wed-'
nesday. At the moment of the adjournment he
was in the Senate, but soon returned to his seat,
and found on his table a paper, published in the
city of New York, with an article marked with a
pen, evidently intended to attract his attention. It
purported to be an extract from the correspondent
of the "New York Courier and Enquirer," and
containing substantially the charge which had
been read from the Clerk's table in the Boston At-
las. This article he at once cut out from the paper
and inclosed it to Mr. Warren, the Assistant Post-
master General, inquiring whether he or "any per-
son in his office had authorized the imputation?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (in his seat.)
What was Mr. Warren's answer?
Mr. GIDDINGS replied, that he had, as yet,
received none. Any other member was just as
competent to form an opinion as to the authorship
of the report as himself.
But to resume the narration he was giving when
the gentleman from Illinois had interrupted him.
After his return to this city at the present session,
Mr. Stephens, the gentleman who had written
to him, had informed him that his brother had been
appointed and had been removed. That gentle-
man had mentioned these facts at various times,
but he had himself taken no interest in the subject;
he had at no time held a conversation with any
other man upon the subject, or in relation to it,
except, on one occasion while in the office of Mr.
Warren, the Assistant Postmaster General, and
conversing with him in regard to another appoint-
ment in his own county, he casually remarked that
he never applied for the appointment of any man;
to which that gentlemen replied, that he (Mr. G.)
had applied for the^appointgnent of the postmaster
at Oberlin; to which he had rejoined, that no such
application from him could be found in that or
any other department of Government; that he
never had gone further than to certify to the char-
acter and qualificationj^of candidates. Here the
conversation dropped, and in that, nor in any other
conversation between him and Mr. Warren, had
reference been made to either the appointment or
removal of the postmaster at Oberim. The cor-
respondent of the Atlas states, that he (Mr. G.)
called on Mr. Warren for explanation in re-
gard to the removal of the postmaster at the place
just mentioned. Fie could only say, that the as-
sertion was wholly and entirely unfounded—it
was an unqualified falsehood. Until the receipt of
the Atlas yesterday, he had never spoken of the
removal of the postmaster at Oberlin with any
human being, except with the brother to whom he
had revered; not a word in relation to such removal
had passed between Mr. Warren and himself at
any time or any place.
Mr. SILVESTER, (in his seat.). One charge
is, that you examined the papers.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed : He had spoken of
the explanation which it was asserted he had de-
manded. He would now notice the charge of
examining the papers to which his friend at his
left [Mr. Silvester] had alluded.
He had at no time since Mr. Warren had been in
the Post Office Department called for papers, ex-
cept in two instances. These cases were both in
his own district, indeed they were both in his own
county. One was in relation to the postmaster at
Williamsfield, in which the papers relating to the
office in Wayne came incidentally under inspection;
another was in relation to the appointment in
Cherry Yalley, and the papers in relation to the
appointment at Kingsvilie came incidentally under
inspection. These were, however, independent
of the appointment in the township of Orwell,
which papers were inspected by him with the
Postmaster General, Mr. Collamer. He repeated
that these offices were all in his county, and they
constituted the only papers which had come under
his inspection in that department relative to ap-
pointments since the present Administration had
been in power. He had never called for the pa-
pers relating to the Oberlin appointment; he had
never seen a paper relating to it, except two,
which he had written, as before stated. He did
not know a single name connected with the ap-
pointment or removal at that office, except that of
the postmaster and his brother, to whom he had
referred. He had taken no interest in the matter.
Ail that had been stated in the article read from
the Atlas of his having examined the papers was a
baseless fabrication.
Mr. OLDS interrupted Mr. G-, and inquired if
his colleague had noticed the charge of having
franked those papers to Oberlin ?
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he intended to notice that
charge. He had intended to use his franking
privilege in the manner and for the purposes for
which it was intended—that is, to send out papers
and documents to the people. In common with
all other members, he had franked speeches, doc-
uments, and newspapers,when called on by officers
of the House, and by friends. He could not say
but he had been imposed upon. Those papers
may have been enclosed in speeches, documents,
or papers, and may have gone under his frank.
All he couid say was, he had never franked those
papers knowingly, nor to the extent of his knowl-
edge, his information, and belief, had they been
transmitted under his frank.
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired of Mr. Giddings
if he had conversed with his colleague [Mr.
Crowell] in regard to the matter ?
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he had not. The first
intimation he had of this report was on Wednes-
day, after the House adjourned. On yesterday
the Boston Mas h^d come to him. He at once
wrote to the editors, demanding the name of their
correspondent; but without waiting to see Mr.
Crowell, or to receive their answer, he felt it his
duty to bring the matter to the notice of the House
at the earliest moment possible. The House had
differed from him in opinion as to its being a ques-
tion of privilege. Of that he did not complain.
They had now manifested their kindness and re-
spect in awarding to him this opportunity of vin-
dicating himself before the country. For that,
and for their very respectful attention, he tendered
them his grateful thanks.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL rose and was understood to
make an inquiry of the Speaker in relation to the
regular order of business. *
The SPEAKER said, the first business in
order was the special order of the day—the report
of the select committee on the Galphin claim.
Mr. DANIEL. By the rules of the House
this is private bill day. I move, therefore, to
postpone the consideration of the special order
of the day, with a view to proceed to the con-
sideration of the private calendar.
Mr. STRONG desired to be informed by the
Speaker what the effect of the postponement
would be on the election cases of New Mexico
and Deseret?
The SPEAKER was proceeding to state the
effect, when
Mr. WINTHROP interposed to a point of
order. He submitted that the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] could not malfe his
motion unless the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. King,] who was entitled to the floor on the
Galphin case, yielded for the pnrpose.
The SPEAKER so decided, and (addressing Mr.
King) inquired whether tfee gentleman yielded for
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Daniel.]
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, said he should pre-
fer to proceed with his remarks.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Whereupon the House resumed the considera-
tion of the report of the select committee on the
subject of the Galphin claim.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, spoke the residue
of his hour, in conclusion of the remarks com-
menced on Wednesday.
They will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. K. having concluded—
Mr. CONRAD obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. SACKETT, who gave notice that he should,
at the proper time, offer f^r the consideration of
the House the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Thirtieth Congress passed a law re-
quiring the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the repre-
sentatives of George Galphin a claim that u was not a just
demand against the United States."
Mr. S. read the first two resolutions reported
by the majority of the select committee, (hereto-
fore published;) and remarked that if the proposi-
tions contained in these resolutions were true,
then the conclusion of the resolution he had offered
was inevitable; the committee had in fact made the
charge that the Thirtieth Congress passed a law
requiring the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the representatives of George Galphin a claim
that was an unjust demand against the United
States. If this charge was true, it should be so
embodied in a resolution as to make that Congress
bear the blame that attached to the passage of such
a law—a law requiring the payment of money not
due. He should call upon the members of that
committee to vote upon this resolution to lay on the
shoulders of that Congress the blame of compel-
ling, by law, the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
an " unjust demand against the United States."
Mr. CONRAD then resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the House for an hour, mainly in vindica-
tion of the justice of the claim, (principal and in-
terest,) and, incidentally, in reply to arguments in
opposition to it. [A-report of this speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STANLY then obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. YAN DYKE, who gave notice of his in-
tention to offer the following as a substitute for the
resolution of the majority of the committee:
Resolved) That the claim of the representatives of George
Galphin never was either a legal or equitable demand,
against the United States.
Resolved, That the act of Congress of August 14th, 1848,
