1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
did not make this a lawful claim against the United States,
but only authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to exam-
ine the said claim, and to adjust and pay what might be
found to he justly due, if anything, from the United States
to the said representatives; but there being nothing in fact
so due, the payment of the said principal by Secretary
-Walker was contrary to law and justice.
Resohed, That the payment or the interest on the said
claim was also contrary to law and justice, and can only bo
Justified on the ground that a former Secretary had admitted
the justice o( the claim by paying the principal thereof.
Resolved, That the conduct of the Hon. George W. Craw-
ford, a member of the Cabinet, in urging upon other rnein-
beis of the Cabinet the decision of this question, and in
aiding in the preparation of the arguments therein, without
making known to such Cabinet officers ttie extraoidinary
extentot' his personal interest in the said claim, receives
the disapprobation ot this House.
And then—
Mr. STANLY (expressing his own desire to
proceed, but) yielding for a motion to adjourn, in
order that the House might go home, or stay as !
it pleased, the motion was made, and the House, '
by yeas 89, nays 58, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of Theodore Pome-
roy and 63 other citizens of Pitt&field, Massachusetts.
Also, the pptition of Charles H. Plunkett aud 97 other
citizens of Hinsdale, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition ot Daniel W. Dewey and 87 other citi-
zens of Williamstown, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of M. S. Palmer and 33 other citizens
of Lanesborouiih, Massach usetts.
Also, the petition of James S.' Davis and 111 other citi-
zens of Lenot, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of William C. Plunkett and 185 other
citizens of South Adams, Massachusetts.
Also, the pennon of William Bueyton and 562 other citi-
zens of North Adams, Massachusetts; severally praying
for a modification or repeal of the tariff Jaw of li&tf; and the
enactment of a law lec.gnizing the piinciple of specific
duties upon impotts.
Also, the petition of John Wadleigh and 170 other citi-
zens of Amesbuiy and Salisbury, Massachusetts, praying for
such mollification (if the levenue laws as will protect the
labor and raw material of the country.
By Mr. DlMMJCIC: The petition of John Cooper and
27 others, praying foi aid to Joseph Brjan and his asso-
ciates, for the suppression gf the African slave trade and
other purposes.
By Mr* CABLE, of Ohio: Four several petitions, signed
by John G. Gaston and numerous citizens ot Achor, Colum-
biana county, Ohio ;—one for the establishment and protec-
tion of freedom in tlie territories of the United States; one
against the admission o( mote slave States into the Union ;
one for the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Congress
for the support of slavery in the District of Columbia ; one
to secure to alleged fugitives the light ot trial by jury:
which were accompanied by a circular to each friend of
liberty iri the United States.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The memorial
of Horace Smith, piaying for an alteration of the laws, so
that the courts may take cognizance of enlistments of
minors in the army.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 5, 1850.
Mr. PEARCE presented additional documents
relating to the petition of the heirs and representa-
tives of William Somerville; which were referred
to the Committee of Claims.
MODIFICATION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
two petitions coming from Pennsylvania, on the
subject in which she feels so deeply interested, and
about which there is so much prevailing distress,
especially in that State. The petitions are from
citizens of Pittsburg, praying for an alteration in the
tan ft' of 1846, so as to substitute specific for ad vaio-
iem duties, and asking for such other modifications
as will conduce to give vigor and encourgement to
the industrial pursuits of the country. The peti-
tions are accompanied by a letter, from which 1
shall take the liberty of reading a brief extract,
which will portray the exciting state of things
there better than anything I could say. The writer
says:
" The suffering of our iron-men is beyond parallel, and
unless some reitet i  atlorded boou, the m.uiu at tine uf iron,
J fear, wilt eea^e altogether in Clarion ai,d mmii" ot the
other counties north ot this. You can iot.n do ulua of the
state of teeling here oil the subject,; it is ali-poivading and
uuiveisal.1'
The petitions were received and laid oil the
table.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to provide
additional security for the lives and property of
persons navigating the western waters, reported
back the same without amendment, and recom-
mended its passage. * *
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Postmaster General in answer to a resolution of
the Senate calling for the causes of the failure of
the mail between New York and New Orleans,
reported-in favor of printing the same; which was
agreed to. ■
Alsq, from the same committee, to which was
referred the- motion to print the report of the Sec-
retary of War calling for Lieutenant W. H. C.
Whitney's reconhoissances of the western frontier
of Texas, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the memorial and
documents of William P. Wallace & Co., report-
ed a bill for the relief of William P. Wallace and
Joseph R. McFadden; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of William B. Hill, admin-
istrator of Gilbert Stalker, deceased, submitted an
unfavorable report; which was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HALE asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a joint resolu-
tion extending the benefits of an act supplement-
ary to an act for the relief of certain surviving
officers and soldiers of the Revolution, to widows
and children in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the following resolu-
tion, submitted by him on the 1st instant, was
taken up, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tiiat ttie President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate any linormation, 11 any has been received
by tile Government, blowing thai an American vessel has
been recently flopped on the high sea-, and searched by a
lit Hist) ship ot war.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the following reso-
lution, submitted by him on the lit instant, was
taken up and adopted:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
made in compliance with a resolution of the (Senate ot the
20th of May la-;; in relation to allowances to naval ofheers,
be referred to the < ominittee on Naval Affairs, with instruc-
tions to inquire and repoit to the Senate what lurther legis-
lation, if any, is necessary to entorce that provision ot die
act ot March 3, lt-35, regulating the pay ot the navy, pro-
hibiting any pa^p compensation, or allowance under any
circumstances whatever, except for traveling expenses
when ander orders, other than is provided tor in said act,
and that said committee report by lull or otherwise.
-YELLOW PINE BARRENS.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideraiion of Senate bill No. 53,
being a bill to leduce the minimum price of the
yellow pine lands, or pine barrens. The bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
the first question was on an amendment reported
from the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope the amendment will not
be concurred in. The proposition of the bill is to
reduce the minimum price of these lands to twenty-
five cents an acre. The committee propose fifty
cents. If the sum is fixed at fifty cents the object
of the bill will be defeated. These lands are not
agricultural lands; they are suitable only for stock
lands, for lumber, and naval stores. They are
capable of no production which will compensate
for the labor bestowed on them. It has been
found, in the experience of souther^ States, that
at both private and public sales the sum of fifty
cents cannot be obtained for lands of the descrip-
tion to which this bill relates. A very large sale
occurred in Florida last year, in which a large
quantity of lands of this description (about 300,0U0
acres)® was exposed at public auction, and the
highest prices obtained were three, four, and live
mills per acre; none reached the price of a cent.
An attempt was made this spring to dispose of
some school lands that fell within this description
of land. They offered those of them which lay
upon navigable waters, the most valuable of them,
at a minimum of fifty cents, and they were unable
to obtain any bid whatever. I think, therefore,
that the object of the bill will be defeated by
placing the minimum at fifty cents instead of
at twenty-five cents, as proposed in the bill.
Mr. PELCH. 1 wish to say one word in re-
gard to this amendment. This bill as originally
introduced proposes to reduce the price from one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, which w is
the minimum heretofore, to twenty-five cert v
The committee, after consultation with the officer®
of the Land Department, determined that, although
a reduction was necessary in order to make any
sales of these lands, it would be better to reduce
it to fifty cents instead of twenty-five cents, as
originally proposed in the bill. There is, I be-
lieve, on the files acommunication from the Limd
Office upon this subject, recommending a reduc-
tion, but fixing upon no amount. If a further re-
duction should subsequently be found necessary,
after all the lands have been sold which can ;be
sold at this price, it can easily be made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I agree with the
Senator from Florida, from some knowledge of the
character of these lands, that twenty-five cents ia
probably as high a price as. can be obtained. I
should have preferred, since the committee were
of a different opinion, and chose to propose a
higher amount, that they had coupled with it the
feature which the chairman now suggests, a reduc-
tion upon all lands not sold within a given period.
If the chairman will so amend the amendment as
to propose a further reduction at the end of each
term of five years until it reaches the smallest
minimum, I should prefer it.
Mr. PELCH. I have no objection to such a
graduation if the Senate thinks it a matter of suf-
ficient importance; but it is making a change in
the system, which is objectionable ataM times.
Mr. YULEE. It might be accomplished by*
inserting after the words " fifty cents" the words
" for and during a period of five years, a~nd twenty-
five cents after that time."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. l*d  not agree
with the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, that tins is not a matter of great importance.
It is certainly a matter of great importance that
the Federal Government should not remain the
holder of lands within the States at prices at which
the lends cannot be sold. In the first place, it pre- .
vents settlement; in the next place, it is the hold-
ing a very large amount of property by the Federal
Government within the States exempt from taxa-
tion by compact; and I think it altogether unju3t
that such advantage should be taken on account of
a position like this, which is founded in the fact of
holding land at a price for which it cannot besold.
Will the chairman accept of a further amend-
ment ?
Mr. FELCH. I will accept any amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I propose to amend the
amendment by adding after the words "fifty'cents,"
" and all lands not sold within five years shall then
be offered at twenty-five cents per acre; and all not
sold within ten years after the date of this act
shall then be offered at twelve-and-a-half cents;
and all not sold for ten years thereafter shall revert
to the State." That is my idea of graduation, and
I think it would be best, both for the Federal Gov-
ernment and for the States—both for purposes of
revenue and for the settlement of the States.
Mr. WH1TCOMB. I am in favor of the grad-
uation of the public lands, for the reasons assigned
in part by the Senator from Mississippi; but 1 am
not prepared to give my assent to a bill embracing
that principle applicable to one State only.
Mr. YULEE. It is not to one State only.
Mr. WHU'COMB. It is to one description of
lands—yellow-pine lands. We have swamp lands
in Indiana, Michigan, and other States, and I think
the bill should be made applicable to them as well
as to these pine lands.
Mr. DAVIS. I am quite willing to extend it.
Mr. WbilTCOMB. I am opposed to this mul-
tiplication system of selling the public lands. I
' claim to have some little experience in this branch
I of the public service, and I think it desirable to
j have as much uniformity as practicable, I will,
therefore, move to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with a view to amend-
ment as proposed by the Senator from Mississippi,
and I trust they will take into serious considera-
tion the propriety of extending the application of
the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection to recom-
mit the bill for amendment, so as to make it appli-
cable to all. But the landsio which this bill has
reference stand upon entirely different ground from
other descriptions of land. They are not agricul-
tural lands; they are distinguishable from-rother
lands, and not appropriated for the same purposes
nor are they worth as much as mineral and agri-
