248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
ply as forcibly to Virginia now as before the retro-
cession of Alexandria; and apply equally, though
perhaps not quite as strikingly, to all the slave
S ates of the union as to Virginia and Maryland.
No mere assertion of its being inexpedient to
abolish slavery in the District will prove satisfac-
* tory to a single southern State.
Mr. CLAY. I do not desire to detain the Sen-
ate but a moment. The Senator and myself dif-
fer, that is all. I do not hold to the opinion which
he does, and I will put a case to him. Suppose
slavery is abolished in Maryland to-morrow, could
not Congress abolish slavery in the District? Sup-
pose Virginia and Maryland both abolish slavery
to-morrow, must it still apply, here, and is there
no ftower to abolish it? The implied faith, ac-
cording to the view twelve years ago, was a faith
implied to the ceding States. They were not sup-
posed when making the cession to have anticipated
the exercise of the power of abolishing slavery
while it continued within their limits. That is the
limitation of plighted faith we maintained and
contended for at that time, but we never supposed
it included all the States in the Union. Certainly
I never supposed that if slavery was abolished in
Maryland and Virginia, it must still apply to this
District for all time and eternity.
Mr. FOOTE. I feel certain that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky cannot recently have ex-
amined the former senatorial debates upon this
subject, in which he participated so prominently.
In this respect I have the advantage of him, as 1
have very lately looked through all the volumes of
the Congressional Globe, in which this delicate
•question has been discussed; and I feel justified in
declaring that tfie general doctrine maintained by
southern Senators has been that Congress had no
power to legislate on the subject of slavery at all
in ,this District; or at least,'no such legislation
could occur without a violation of the principles of
g^od faith towards all the slave States, including
Maryland and Virginia. Indeed i think that this
doctrine was foimerly upheld, upon some occa-
sions, by several Democratic Senators from the
free States.
One incident I well recollect, and the honorable
Senator will not fail to remember it, when 1 re-
mind him of it: Mr. Leigh—Watkms Leigh, of
Virginia, a warm personal and political friend of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky—found it
necessary to express himself— I believe it was in
the year 1836—directly in opposition to the views
then maintained by the honorable Senator fivm
Kentucky. After Mr. Leigh's argument—which
was one of unusual ability—had been concluded,
the honorable Senator from Kentucky arose and
said, in substance, that could the convictions which
he entertained touching the power of Congress
over the subject of slavery in the District "have
been shaken or altered by any argument, the
speech of his honorable friend from Virginia might
have produced that effect, but that his original
opinion remained unaltered. From this incident it
is most apparent that even at that early day there
was not that absolute unanimity of sentiment
among the southern members of this body which
the honorable Senatar from Kentucky supposes to
have existed.
Mr. MASON. It is with much leluctance at
any time that I trespass on the time of the Senate
after the hour of actual business has arrived, but
I do not feel myself at liberty, standing as I do
upon this question, to allow the resolutions offered
by the Senator from Kentucky to past; unnoticed
on my part, lest it should possibly be considered
that the State which I represent in pait is prepated,
Iwould almo&t say to any extent, to respond to
the spirit of these resolutions. Sir, I regrei deeply
that, in the earnest and honest desire w hich 1 have
no doubt the Senator entertains to have these dis-
turbing questions composed, he has felt it his duty,
representing one of the slaveholding States, to
otter such a proposition. [ would go with him
who went furthest, but within the limits of strict
duty, m adjusting these unhappy differences; but
1 do not feel at liberty to move one sfep towards
such a compromise, if constitutional u£ht js in-
vaded in the slightest degree.
tions. But there is another which I deeply regret
to see introduced into this Senate by a Senator
, from a slaveholding State; it is that which assumes
that slavery how does not exist by law in those
countries. I understand ore of these propositions
to declare that by law slavery is now abolished in
New Mexico and California. That was the very
proposition advanced by the non-slaveholding
States at the last session, combated and disproved,
as I thought, by gentlemen from the slaveholding
States, and which the compromise bill was framed
to test. So far I regarded the question of law as
disposed of, and it was very clearly and satisfac-
torily shown to be against the spirit of the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky. If the con-
trary is true, I presume the Senator from Kentucky
would declare that if a law is now valid in the
Territories abolishing slavery, that it could not be
introduced there even if a law was passed crea-
ting the institution or repealing the statutes already
existing*, a doctrine never assented to, so far as I
know, until now, by any Senator representing one
of the slaveholding States. Sir, I hold the very
opposite, and with such confidence that at the last
session I was willing and did vote for a bill to test
this question in the Supreme Court. Yet this res-
olution assumes the other doctrine to be true, and
our assent is challenged to it as a proposition m
law.
I do not mean to detain the Senate by any dis-
cussion, but I deemed it to be my duty to enter a
decided protest on the part of Virginia against
such doctrines. They concede the whole question
at once, that our people shall riot go into the new
Territories and take their property with them; a
doctrine to which I never will assent, and for which,
sir, no law can be found. There aie other poi tions
of the resolutions, for which, if they could be
separated, I should be very willing to vote That
respecting fugitive slaves, and that respecting the
organization of governments in these Territories,
I should be willing to vote for, and I am happy to
declare the gratification I expeiience at finding the
Senator from Kentucky differing so much on this
subject from the Executive message recently laid
before the Senate. 1 beg not to be understood as
having spoken in any spirit of unlundness towards
the Senator from Kentucky, for whom I entertain
the warmest and most profound respect; but I can-
not but express also my regret that he has felt it
to be his duty, standing as he does before thus
people, and representing the people he does, to in-
troduce into this body resolutions of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not rise.to
continue the discussion, but, as it has been made
an historical question as to what the position of
the Senate was twelve j-ears ago, and as with
gr6at regret I see this, the conservative branch of
the Government, tending towards that fanaticism
which seems to prevail with the majority m the
United States, I wish to read from the journals of
that date the resolutions then adopted, and to show
that they went further than the honorable Senator
from Kentucky has stated. 1 take it for gianted.
from the date to whuh the honorable Senator has
alluded, he means the resolutions introduced by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] not now in his seat, and to which the
Senator from Kentucky proposed certain amend-
ments. Of the resolutions introduced by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, I will read the fifth in
the series, that to which the honorable Senator
from Kentucky must have alluded. It is in these
words:
" Resolved, Tfiat the intermeddling of any Stale, or
States, or iheir citizens, to abolish slavery in the Di*?tnet,or
any of the Territories, on the ground or undei the pretext
that it is immoral or sinful, or the pa«saae* of any net or
measure of Congress with that view,would be a dnVct and , , . .         
' Si'ltes^ attack on tlle 1Hitllutions die blavphoithng ; j by the treaty of peace, which silenced the only
A eS' ''rival claim to the territory. It was distinctly
ahohs-h slavery within any district of country set apart for
the Indian tribes, where it now exi ts, or m Florida, the
only Teirnory of the (Jnited States, in which it now exists,
because of the mtiou.-. aim in and ju?i appiehensioris which
would he therehy exeitfri in the States sustaining that do-
mestic insmntiori; because the people of that Teriitoryhave
not asked it to be done, and, wh&n admitted into the Union,
will be exclusively entitled to decide that question for
themselves ; because it would be in violation of the stipula-
tions of the treaty between the United States and Spain, of
the 22d of February, 1819; and also because it would be in
violation of a solemn compromise, made at a memorable
and critical period in the hwory of ihis country, bv which,
whilst slavery was prohibited north, it was admitted south,
of the line of thirty-six degrees arid thiity minutes north
latitude."
But this resolution was not finally adopted.
Upon the motion of Mr. Buchanan to amend said
amendment, by striking out the second clause
thcieof, commencing with the word " resolved/'
it was determined in the affirmative, and finally
the resolution which here follows was substituted
in place of the second clause:
"That the interference, by the citizens of any of the
States, with a view to the abolition of slaveiy w this Dis-
tiler, is endangering the rights and seeuiitj of the people of
the Distuct; and that any act or measure of Congress, de-
nned to abolish flavery in this District, would be a viola-
tion of tin- faith implied in the cessions by the Stales of Vir-
ginia and Maryland; a just causc of alarm to the people of
the slaveholding Stales, and have a direct and inevitable
tendency to disturb and endanger the Union.".
This was the form in which the resolution was
finally adopted, passing by a vote of thirty-six to
eight. Here, then, was fully and broadly asserted
the danger resulting from the interference in the
question of slavery in the District of Columbia, as
trenching upon the rights of the slaveholding
States. Twelve years only have elapsed, yet this
brief period has swept away even the remembrance
of principles then deemed sacred and necessary to
secure the safety of the Union. Now an honorable
and distinguished Senator, to whom the country
has been induced to look for something that would
heal the existing dissensions, instead or raising new
barriers against encroachment, dashes down those
heretofore erected and augments the existing dan-
ger. A representative from one of the slaveholding
States raises his voice for the fiist time in disregard
| of this admitted right. .Nor, Mr. President, did
I he stop here. The bonndary of a State, with
which we have no more right to interfere than with
the boundary of the State of Kentucky, is en-
croached upon. The United States, sir, as the
ngent for Texas, had a right to settle the question
of boundary between Texas and Mexico. Texas
was not annexed as territory, but was admitted as
a State, and at the period of her admission her
boundaries were established by her Congress,
She, by the teims of annexation, gave to the
United States the right to define her boundary
by treaty with Mexico; but the United States, in
the treaty made with Mexico subsequent to the
war with that country, received fiom Mexico
not merely a cession of the teiritory that was
claimed by Texas, but much which lay beyond
the asserted limits. Shall we, then, act simply
as the agent of Texas in the settlement of this
question of boundary, take from the principal for
whom we act that territory which belongs to her,
to which we asserted her title against Mexico, and
appropriate it to ourselves? Why, sir, it would
be a violation of justice and of a principle of law
which is so plain that it does not require one to
have been bred to the profession of law to under-
stand it. The principle I refer to is, that an agent
cannot take for his own benefit anything resulting
from the matter in controversy, after having ac-
quired it as belonging to the principal for whom
he acts. The agent cannot appropriate to himself
rights acquired for his client. The right of Texas,
therefore, to that boundrary was made complete
Sir, so far as I have read these resolutions,
there is hut one prop&sition to which J can eivd
a hearty assent, and that is the resolution which
proposes to organize Territorial governments at
flnce in these Territories, without a declaration
one way or tiie other as to their domestic institu-
Such is the general form of the proposition. It
was variously modified, but never, in my opinion,
improved. On the 27th, the fifth resolution being
again under consideration, Mr. Clay, of Ken-
tucky, moved to amend the amendment by striking
out all after the word " resolved," and insert:
defined by the acts of her Congress, before the
time of annexation; and I have only to refec to
those acts to show that the boundary of Texas
was the Rio Bravo del INorte, from its mouth to
its source. What justice, or even decent regard
m. . . •] f°r fairness, can there be, now that Texas has
Ihat the uiieiference, by the citizens of any of the j acceded to annexation upon certain terms, to pro-
State*, witfi a view to the abolition of slavery in this i)is- 11 j . . , ,u*  "> F1 °
tr:pt, k endangering the rights and securiiy of the people of 11 ^ Chan e of boundary in violation of those
* ... ... .i terms, and by the power we hold over her as a
part of the Union? Can this power extend so far
as to take from her a portion of her territory, or to
assert there is a portion to which she is not enti-
tled ?
These constitute with me two great objections
the District; and that any act or measure of Congress de-
signed to abolish slavery m thU District would be a viola-
tion ot the faith implied m the cessions by the States ot Vir-
ginia and Maryland; a iu^t cau-e of alarm to the people of
the slaveholding States, and have a direct and inevitable
tendency to disturb and endanger the Union.
{<J3nd, resohed, That it would be highly inexpedient to
