1S42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
cultural lands are worth. My apprehension is,
that, if you undertake to apply the general gradua-
tion principle to this bill, and to make it referable
to all the public lands of the United States, this
measure will fail, as it has failed on former occa-
sions. I hqpe the Senator from Indiana will con-
fine his motion to the pine lands only.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I have moved to recom-
mit the bill without any instructions. X merely
suggest that the committee will take into serious
consideration the propriety of applying the princi-
ple of graduation to all the public lands.
Mr. DOWNS. Early in the session I intro-
duced a general bill for the graduation of the pub-
lic lands, and referred it to the Committee on
Public Lands, and 1 am surprised that the com-
mittee have not reported the bill. If it is not in-
tended to introduce a, bill for the general applica-
tion of the principle, I will support this bill, which
partly extends it. 1 would like the chairman to
state whether such a bill is proposed ?
Mr. PELCH. I would state, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, that the bill referred to by the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] smbodykig
the graduation principle, has been referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and has been consid-
ered by them. Before that committee are also various
projects and new plans for the disposal of the pub-
lic lands, which the committee have already taken
up and considered, and they will be prepared, uy
to-morrow? to make a report oil the whole subject,
embracing the graduation bill. Some legislation,
which has been had this session in the Senate, has
had an important bearing on that question. The
legislation which has granted—so far as the action
of the Senate* concerned, for it is in the House
now—to the different States the lands lying within
their limits not susceptible of cultivation, (swamp
lands, &■;.,) embraces a great deal of the lands re-
ferred to m the graduation bill. The committee,
however, have taken up and considered all the
. plans, and have prepared a report which will be
presented to the Senate m a day or two; and, on
that account, would prefer to have this bill stand
by itself. It refers to a peculiar class of land,
which, it was stated to us at the Land Office,
would not sell at the minimum price now fixed,
and the bill was first introduced by the Senator
from Florida, and then reported by the committee
with this amendment. We did not suppose,
however, that this bill was to be made use of to
carry with it the question of a general graduation
of the public lands, but it was reported simply be-
cause lt'ieferred to a certain and peculiar descrip-
tion of lands which the committee were assured
could not be sold at the minimum price, and be-
cause it was supposed that the other bill, in rela-
tion to swamp lands, &c., would not embrace this.
The committee, however, after the suggestions
which have been made, have no objection to the
bill being again referred to them.
Mr. DA. vVSOS. I beg leave to propound to
the Senator from Florida one question: whether
that State has made any application for public
lands to run a railroad from Pensacola across to
the Cape of Florida ?
Mr. Y.ULEE. The State has made no such
application.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I trust the Senator from
Florida will not ask to have these lands disposed
of at 25 cents per acre, until an application shall
be made on the part of his State tor an appropria-
tion of these lands for the important purpose to
which I have referred, in conformity with various
bills which have passed this body. When that is
done, it will not only benefit the State and that sec-
tion of country, but, according to the principle
which has here been adopted, or supposed to be
adopted, benefit the finances of the country. These
pine lands, m the event of the construction of this
railroad, will become valuable tor the production
of turpentine, and the only reason I know of, why
they are not valuable lor that purpose is the im-
possibility of getting their product to market.
When that road is completed, large turpentine plan-
tations will be established to the right and left of
it, as the Senator from Florida will understand.
By an appropriation, therefore, of the public lands
to the State, for this purpose, not only will the
State be vastly benefited, but the residue of the
lands will sell at a higher price, and thus the reve-
nue be increased. I hope, then, that the Senator
will ask for no reduction in the price of these lands
until this be done. A survey has been made of
the road, and i have no doubt it will be "built at no
distant day; ana if we can get, what seems now to
be adopted as a principle in these cases, an appro-
priation of the public lands in alternate sections,
along the road, let it be done. Then, if the lands
do not increase in value, it will be time enough to
apply to them this reduction principle.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 have heard no good' reason,
nor do 1 believe any can be given, for reducing the
price of this particular class of lands, and leaving
the others that have been no longer in the market
to be sold at the present rates. Now I am not op-
posed to the graduation principle at all, but on the
contrary I am in favor of it. Whenever lands
have been m the market for a period of years and
remain on hand unsold, I think it extremely
proper to reduce the price of them, and I will fa-
vor a bill that looks to a graduation and reduction
of the price of the unsold lands of the country;- "But
I am unwilling to single out only these pine lands,
designate them by that title, and reduce the pres-
ent price. There are many lands scattered
throughout the western 'valley, known as marsh
lands and broken hill lands, which will not com-
mand a dollar an acre, but which, if reduced to fifty
cents or twenty-five cents an acre, as this bill pro-
poses, would sell very readily. I see no reason,
therefore, why these pine lands, the property of
the United States, should be singled out and re-
duced in price, while the marsh and wet lands and
broken hill lands of the country are left to be sold
at their present prices; and if the Committee on
Public Lands will bring in a bill covering all, 1
will favor it; but I shall oppose any bill looking
merely to a reduction of the price of this particu-
lar cffifsa of lands. 1 can imagine very good rea-
sons for the remarks of the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Dawson.] This class of lands will doubt-
less be increased in value by the completion of
these proposed improvements, in aid of which we
have been very liberal in our appropriations to
these southern States, and will, no doubt, continue
to increase as those works progress. I have no
doubt, then, that very soon these lands, which it
is proposed to reduce to twenty-five cents, will be
worth two dollars, if not more, per acre.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest that it is not in order to discuss the general
merits of the bill on this motion to recommit.
Mr. BRIGHT. Very well, sir, I will speak of
them when ia order. If the committee will bring
in a bill to reduce the prices of the|g lands gener-
ally, it will meet my concurrence; but to this sing-
ling out of a particular class of lands for that pur-
pose 1 must object. Does the Senator agree to
that ?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. I am asked to agree
to the recommitment of this bill, with a view of
bringing m a general graduation bill, and I will
state to the Senator why. He is not more anxious
than I, nor has he been at any time during our
service in either house, to obtain the measure for
which he now expresses so earnest a desire. I
have been a very steady and cordial supporter of
a graduation bill—and it is a system which has
been carried through the Senate two or three times,
but it has failed xn the House, and probably will
fail there until a new apportionment gives to the
new States their due strength there. 1 have there-
fore been unwilling at this session to urge the pas-
sage of sucha measure, but 1 shall, if .there is any
chance for it, join most heartily in it. And I am
inclined to make the trial by ingrafting the gradu-
ation bill as ^n amendment upon the bounty land
bill, which has come to us recently from the other
house, in which case I think it may possibly go
through there.
Several Senators. That cannot be done.
Mr. CLAY. No, that would be "tacking."
[Laughter.] s
Mr. YULEE. Then I am willing to try it as a
separate measure. There is a distinction, how-
ever, between this bill and a graduation bill, inas-
j much as this bill proposes a reduction and not a
graduation. These pine lands constitute a separate
and distinct class of lands. They are not agricul-
tural lands, but are suitable for the lumber busi-
ness, and for the production of naval stores, for
neither of which purposes will the production yield
more than a fair compensation for the labor be-
stowed in making them productive. Intrinsically
as lands, they are worth nothing at all. Now, the
Senator from Indiana, who lives in the western
country, where there is an alluvial soil, and not
this description of land,can learn something of it, if
hewill travel through North Carolina, or any other
southern Atlantic State, or by reading Lyell's work
on geology. According to his theory, these pine
lands are the bottom of the sea, thrown up at
some remote period of time. It is the sea bottom,
not suitable for agricultural purposes,*and consists
mainly of dry sand. And it is because they thus .
constitute a separate and distinct class of public
lands, that we propose to reduce the price to a
rate at which the officers of the land offices sup-
pose they will more easily be sold, and cease to
embarrass the industry and productive resources
of the States in which they lie.
The Senator from Georgia made a suggestion
which looks to rhe very much like a remarkable
instance of killing with kindness. We secure by
this bill a good for the States in which this de-
scription of lands lie; and he proposes to kill it by
offering ,to us another good, which he knows is
not attainable at this session, if at any time.
Mr. DAWSON, (in his seat.) This is the very
session to do it. '
Mr, YULEE. It is the session to pass it through
the Senate, but the Senator has yet to learn that
these same bills have passed the Senate four or
five times, and have always been refused by the
House. The answer to the Senator is this: No
improvement which may be made there, no rail-
roads which may be carried through the country,
can increase the value of these lands to the price
proposed in this bill; and 1 will give the Senator
a strong proof of this, by referring to the fact, that
on the banks of the navigable waters of the Su-
wanee river, this last spring, the register of the
public lands offered for sale tracts of these lands,
and although it is a country settling with some ra-
pidity, and a fine stock country, he was unable to
sell them at fifty cents the acre. NoJjetter evidence
cjn be required to show that these pine lands, with
all the improvements that may be made, will pro-
duce no more than the price proposed in this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
remember that it is not in order now to discuss
the merits of the bill. #
Mr. YULEE. The President will allow me to
contest that point with hkn. " It is in order, on a
motion to recommit, to discuss the whole merits
of the bill. But I will detain the Senate but for a
moment. I will refer to the fact, well known to
the colleague of the Senator from Georgia, that at
the sale of the Arredondo grant, a tract of three
thousand acres, made recently under a decree of
. the court for the partition of lands, the pine lands,
which constituted a portion of them, brought,
none of them, more than five or six mills, or not
one cent an acre. And this while other lands
brought five, and as high as ten dollars an acre.
It is because they are not agricultural lands, and
constitute a separate and distinct quality and class
of land, recognized at the land office as pine lands,
and known as such, and especially separated from
other public lands. The fact that they cannot be
sold is greatly injurious to the State in whjch they
lie, and it is to remedy this evil that this bill was
introduced. The Senators from North Carolina
well know that of lands of this description, none
of them bring a higher rate than twenty five cents
the acre, and probably less, even along the line of
railroad through that State.
Mr. DAWSON. The pine lands of North
Carolina, through"which the railroad runs, and
which were of no value at one time, are now worth
two dollars an acre. The Senator from North
j Carolina [Mr. Mangdm] authorizes me to say
! this.
; The question was then taken on the motion to
recommit the bill, and it was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the order of the day, being the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union,
to establish Territorial Governments for Utah anil
New Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for
the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries.
Mr. BELL resumed the speech which he com-
menced on Wednesday, and having spoken up-
wards of three hours, he yielded, without finish-
ing, for a motion to adjourn.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-morrow, and
The Senate adjourned.
