1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 6, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE CHARGE AGAINST MR. GIDDINGS.
Mr. MATTESON rose, and said, he would
move that the vote by which the House had yes-
terday refused to order a committee upon the
charges against the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] be reconsidered.
The, SPEAKER stated, that the motion to re-
consider had yesterday been made by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Littlkfield,] and that
motion had been laid on the table, finally disposing
of the question.
Mr. MATTESON. My object is simply to
make a statement of the circumstances—a very
brief statement, indeed.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be enter-
tained. The Chair will propound the question to
the House, Shall the gentleman from New York
be allowed to proceed by unanimous consent?
The question was put, and no objection being
made—
Mr. MATTESON proceeded: I am desired
(said he) by Colonel Warren to state, that in ref-
erence to the publication yesterday brought to the
notice of the House by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] he knows nothing whatever as
to its author.
In reference to the examination of the papers,
which the gentleman from Ohio says he never
saw, I am also desired to state that Mr. Giddings
did call at the Post Office Department, and did ask
to examine those papers, and did examine them
for a long time. There are clerks in the depart-
ment who saw him examining them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (interposing.) I wish
to make one suggestion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York yield the floor?
Mr. MATTESON. 1 do not.
Mr. HARRIS said, he wished to suggest, as
the gentleman from Ohio had not yet come in,
that it would be proper for the gentleman from
New York to defer his statement for a short time.
Mr. MATTESON. I will go on; I shall not
occupy two minutes.
Colonel Warren desires me to state that he does
not charge the honorable gentleman with anything
like falsehood; but, he presumes, that m examin-
ing other papers there, he may have forgotten the
fact of having seen these papers. He does not 1
desire to charge the gentleman from Ohio with
anything like an intentional misstatement of the
fact; but he did examine those papers.
Colonel Warren also says that these papers
were subsequently found at the Oberlm post office,
as he is inforn^d by the postmaster there, under
the frank of the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] and of Colonel Crowell. He
does not mean to say how they came there: he
makes no charges.
In reference to the last proposition, he does not
shrink from an investigation of it. He would
have been pleased, so far as he is concerned, to
have a committee of investigation.
One other point I ought to state: Colonel War-
ren says he received a letter from tiie gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings;] but not "until yester-
day; that it. was written the day before the 4th of
July; that the office was closed that day, and he
did not receive the letter until yesterday, and must
have been reading it about the time the gentleman
from Ohio was making the charges against him;
thai he has answered it this morning, and I pre-
sume the gentleman from Ohio by this time has
received Colonel Warren's answer. If he has, I
would like very much to have him read it.
Mr. M. having concluded—
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and asked leave to say a
word m reference to what had been said by the
gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
proceed by unanimous consent. Is any objection
made ? „ '
No objection was made.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have but a word to say.
If Colonel Warren has a friend in this House, 1
ask him to move a committee of investigation. I
will show to*this House and the country where 1
stand upon the subject, if they will give a com-
mittee. I demand of the House, injustice to them-
selves,' to this high officer of the Government, to
myself, and to the country, that this thing be
probed.
I say that I never saw a paper in this case, nor
am I, to this day, acquainted with a name in-,
volved in that transaction, either in the appoint-
ment or in the removal, except as I stated yester-
day. I never saw a paper; 1 never exchanged a
word with Colonel Warren upon that subject, ex-
cept as I stated on yesterday.
I now call on this House to give an investiga-
tion to this subject.
Mr. WENXWORTH, (in his seat.) Has the
gentleman from Ohio received Colonel Warren's
letter ? *
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have not yet received it.
I have got my mail this morning, but the letter
was not in it.
Mr. BAKER addressed the Speaker, and si-
multaneously—
Mr. OLDS, who, being recognized, inquired
what vote was required to take up from the table
the subject which was yesterday laid on the table?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Would not another motion
be in order ?
Mr. OLDS. Would it be in order now to move
the appointment of a committee of investigation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, ex-
cept by unanimous consent. Does the gentleman
from Ohio ask the unanimous consent?
Mr OLDS. I do.
The SPEAKER propounded the question
whether objection was made.
Mr. CALDWELL,of North Carolina, objected.
Mr. BAKER. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
I rise to move that a committee be raised in ac-
cordance with the intimation of the gentleman
from Ohio, upon the ground that the allegation
made upon the floor by the honorable gentleman
from New York upon the authority ot' Colonel
Warren, the Second Assistant PostmasterGeneral,
does affect the dignity and honor of this House in
charging, by lm plication at least, that the statement
made yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio m his
place on this floor was untrue. It presents a new
question, therefore—a question of an entirely dif-
ferent character—and it entirely changes the ques-
tion upon which I voted yesterday. I therefore
move that a committee of investigation be ap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the whole subject was disposed of by the action of
the House; and that there is nothing in the state-
ment made by the gentleman from New York to
alter the question presented on yesterday. Such
is the opinion of the Chair, and he must so rule.
Mr. BAKER. 1 am not quite aware whether
the Chair means to decide now that, because on
yesterday a committee of investigation was refused
on the ground that it was not a question of priv- j
ilege, it is not a question of privilege to day—new
facts having occurred m the subject-matter. If
that be the decision of the Chair, and there be
any intimation on the part of the House that there
is a disposition to give that committee, I most re-
spectfully appeal Irom the decision, if I correctly
understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
he considers the action of the House on yesterday
conclusive on the subject, and that nothing has
been presented to change or to make it a new
question this morning; he therefore decides that
the motion is out of order.
Mr. BAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] desires it, I take an appeal.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he wanted to under-
stand the decision of the Chair, with a view to
determine his own action upon the appeal. Did
he understand the Chair to decide that this subject
could not now be acted upon, because the House
had yesterday decided that they would take no
action upon a different state of facts?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
this whole subject was disposed of yesterday.
Mr. RICHARDSON said that the vote yester-
day decided by the House was, whether the ques^
Hon presented by the gentleman from Ohio was
a question of privilege ; the question presented
this morning was a new question. If he under-
;! stood the Chair to rule out of order the question
now proposed, he felt constrained to appeal from
the decision.
r The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides,
ji Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal from the de-
jS cision then.
Mr. INGE. Is there an appeal from the decis-
ion >
The SPEAKER. There is a~n appeal.'
Mr. CARTTER addressed thte Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair indulged debate
on yesterday, but he is of opinion that debate is
not in order.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
moves the appointment of a committee in reference
to the charges made against the gentleman from
hio, in consideration of the statement made by
the gentleman from New Y-ork. The Chair is of
opinion, that this question is disposed of by the
action of the House yesterday, and that no motion
in reference to it is, therefore, in order. Prom
this decision the gentleman from Illinois appeals,
and the question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?.
Mr. CONGER moved to lay the appeal on the
table.
The question was taken, and
The SPEAKER announced the count, ayes 60,
noes 55.
The yeas a«d nays were asked and ordered.
And the question, "Shall the appeal be laid
upon the table," was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 54, nays 83; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bennett, Bokee, Bowdon,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,. Bucl, Chester
Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A .^Caldwell, Joseph P Cald-
well, Calvin, Cliuanler, Clai ke, Colcock, Conifer, Deberry,
Doty, Duncan, Nftban Evans, Featherston, Gerry, Hamil-
ton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Hibbard, trine, Joseph W. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, La SGie,
McDowell, McQueen, Miller, Mouon, Outlaw, Owen, Pow-
ell, Rtsley, Rose, Ross, Rumscy, Seddon, Spauldmg, James
Thompson, Toombs, Wallace, and Woodwatd—54.
NAVS—Mk—Albert^on, Alexander, Allen, Baker,
Btssell, Booth, Bnggs, Burrows, Burt, Thomas B. Butler,
Cartler, Cleveland, Uingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Corwin,
llaulel, Dtekey, Dnnmick, Disney, Dixon, Dunham, Duikee,
Filch, Fowler, Freedley, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Grinnell,
Haralson, Harlan, Harmanson, Henry, Howe, Hubbard,
Hunter, James Johnson, Julian, Jonn A. King, Piestoii
King, tjittlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, McDonald, Mc-
Lanuhan, Morris, Nelson, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Robinson,
Rockwell, Root, Sackett, Savage, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn,
Silverier, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H Stan-
ton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, Tliuiman, Underbill, Veilable,
I Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, Wentwortb, Wildrick, Wil-
| hams, Wilmot, Wintjirop, Wood, anil Young—83.
i So the appeal^ was not laid on the table.
I The question then recurred, " Shall (he decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
and being taken, was decided in the negative, with-
out a division.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. PRESTON KING then rose to move a
resolution, providing for the appointment of a com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. That motion was made by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] and is
now the pending question.
Mr. LITTLEF1ELD asked that the motion be
reduced to writing.
After an inquiry by Mr. DUNHAM, on a point
of order—
Mr. BAKER was understood to suggest, that
if there was any custom of the House by which
he would be placed at the head of the committee,
he would ask, on account of ill health, to be ex-
cused.
Mr. B. then sent to the Clerk's table the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed hy
tile Speaker, to investigate the ehaiges against the Hon.
Joshua It. Giddings, of abstiaciiug certain papers from the
lites of the Post Omce Department; and that tliey be em-
'! pov\ ered to send tor persons and papers.
ii The resolution having been read—
Mr. GOTT demanded the previous question. -
The question was taken, and by ayes 99, noes
not counted, there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken. [Which main question was on the adop-
tion of the resolution.]
And the question was taken and decided in the
aflirmative, without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GOTT moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAXCER'S TAB1E.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to inquire .of the
Speaker, whether it would now be in order to
move that the House proceed to the consideration
