1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
249
to the propositions of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky; but, without stating al! the objections
that I have, and they are very many, I will merely
?oint out a few of the prominent points to which
object in the argument of the Senator. He as-
sumes as facts things which are mere matters of
opinion, and 1 think of erroneous and injurious
opinion. But, deferring the,discussion to another
occasion, Idesire at present merely to notice the as-
sertion of the honorable Senator 'tin! slavery would
never, under any circumstances, be established in
California. This, though stated as a fact, is but a
mere opinion—an opinion with which 1 do not i
accord. It was to work the gold mines on this '
continent that the Spaniards first brought Africans
to the country. The European races now engaged
in working the mines of California sink under
the burning heat and sudden changes of the cli-
mate, to which the African race are altogether
better adapted. The production of rice, sugar,
and cotton is no better adapted to slave labor than
the digging, washing, and quarrying of the gold
mines.
We, sir, have not asked that slavery should be
established in California. We have only asked
that there should not be any restriction; that cli-
mate and soil should be left free to establish the
institution or not, as experience should deteimine.
Sir, after the agitation of the subject wilhin these
halls and elsewhere has prevented the introduction
of slavery—by preventing the emigration of slave-
holders with their property—are we now to be
told that the question is settled ? More than that:
When we have acquired territory over which the
Constitution of the United States is thereby ex-
tended, and which the citizens of the United States
have a right to occupy, and to establish therein
•what laws they please, in accordance with the
principles of the Constitution—in which they have i
a right to establish what institutions they please— j
it is now claimed that the municipal regulations
which previously existed shall still govern the peo- |
pie, and that a portion of the citizens of the United i
States shall thus be precluded from going there j
with their property. . This rule has, nowever, in ;
discussion here, only been applied to the property |
of slaveholders; as though slaves were the only j
property undei the laws of Mexico prohibited from )
entering California. It is to be. remembered that j
the late"Secretary of the Treasury, in a repoit to
Congress, stated that the Mexican law prohibited
the, entrance of some sixty aitides of commerce;
this was prohibition by law of Congress, and
slavery has never been so prohibited. It never
has been prohibited by the Mexican Congress in
California; and the only prohibition ever issued
was that contained in the edict of a usurper, under
the specious pretext that it was necessary, m order
to oppose the invasion of the country by Spain.
This decree was recognized by a subsequent Con-
gress, so far as to pass a law authorizing payment
foi slaves so liberated. It was the emancipation
of all the slaves in Mexico; an act if you please
of abolition, not of prohibition; not, whatever con-
struction may be placed upon it, done in accord-
ance with the forms of law, and requirements of
their constitution. But we have not proposed to
inquire into the legality of the abolition, neitner
has any southern man asked that that deciee
should be repealed, or that those liberated under
its provisions should be returned to slavery. We
only claim that there shall be an equality ol immu-
nities and privileges among citizens of all parts ot
the United States; that Mexican law shall not be
applied so as to create inequality between citizens,
by preventing the immigration of anjr.
But, sir, we are called on to receive this as a
measure of compromise! Is a measure in which
we of the minority are to receive nothing, a meas-
ure of compromise? 1 look upon it asbuta modest
mode of taking that, the claim to which has been
more boldly asserted by others; and that I may be
understood upon this question, and that my posi-
tion may go forth to the country m the same
columns that convey the sentiments of ' >e feenator
from Kentucky, I here assert thatnever will I take
less than the Missouri compromise line extended
to the Pacific ocean, with the specific recognition
of the ri ht to hold slaves in the territory below
that line" and that, before such territories are ad- ^
milted into the Union as States, slaves may be ,
taken there from any of the United States at the I
option of their owners. I can never consent to
give additional power to a majority to commit fur-
ther aggressions upon the minority in this Union;
and will never consent to any proposition which
will have such a tendency, without afull guaranty
or counteracting measure is connected with it. I
forbear commenting at any further length upon the
propositions embraced in the .resolutions at this
time.
Mr. CLAY. I am extremely sorry that this
premature, and—allow me to say—in my opinion
unnecessary discussion has taken place. When-
ever the Senator who has just resume his seat
chooses to meet me in argument at a proper time,
I pledge myself to show him that there is not the
slightest disc^pancy in my course in 1838 and
now. . . ...
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Now is the time.
Mr. CLAY. I choose not to give way now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator
asked me to name my time; and I say now.
Mr. CLAY. Not until I am done. I am re-
minded of my coming from a slave State. I tell
the Senator from Mississippi,and I tell the Senator
from Virginia, that I know my duty, and that 1
mean to express the opinions that I entertain, fear-
less of all mankind.
But, sir, in legard to this resolution ®f 1838, I
regiet exiremely this premature discussion. I
think it would have heen better for the whole Sen-
ate if it had been deferred. And 1 trust the gen-
tlemen on the other side will excuse me for saying
that it would have been better for themselves if
they had foiborne to enter into the discussion until
the question came regularly up. But, sir, as I do
not choose that what 1 consider a mistaken repre-
sentation of my sentiments in 1838 should go out,
I will simply state what they were then, and what
they are now.
Sir, there is not a word in that resolution that
implies that any faith was pledged to the Slates,
other than to Virginia and to Maryland, that Con-
gress would not abolish slavery in this District.
The resolution says that theagitation of thequestion
of abolition by people living out of the District is, ,
in its tendency, dangerous to the slave States; and j
that the abolition of slavery in the District of Co- jj
lumbia would be just cause of alarm, not merely ]
to Virginia and Maryland, but to all the slave J
States. And why ? What was it that Abolition-j
ists then proposed ? It was abolition without com- ,
pensation; it was to take the slaves without paying I
for them And would it not in that form have been 1
a just cause of alarm to the other States of the
Union owning property of that description? The
assertion, therefore, of opinion which I made then
was, that, by the nature and objects of the cession
of the ten-miles-square by Virginia and Maryland,
it could not have been anticipated by either of
those Stales that the power conveyed to the Gen-
eral Government over the len-roilcs-scjuare would
be so exercised as lo abolish slavery within those
States respectively; and, further, that, slavery
continuing in Virginia and Maryland, if such an
abolition were to take place in the District of Co-
lumbia, and without compensation to the slave-
holder, it would be, as it undoubtedly would have
been, a just cause of alarm to the owners of that
description of property, wherever situated. Now,
sir, that was my doctrine in 1838, and that is my
doctrine still.
Sir, I do not regard the mere phraseology of the
resolution. I will not substitute the word " un-
constitutional" for the word " inexpedient," for I
do not believe it to be unconstitutional. I cannot
believe it. If a power to legislate in all cases
whatever be granted to Congress, does it not com-
prehend the power to legislate on the subject of
slavery as well as upon all other subjects? The
power is there; but there is an implied faith con-
nected with the power, resulting from the circum-
stances to which 1 have referred, imposing on
Congress the obligation not to exercise the power
as long as slavery in Virginia and Maryland
exists. And, now that Virginia has separated
from the District, such abolition may not take
place without the consent of the people of the Dis-
trict and of-Maryland, and also without, what 1
contended for in 1838, compensation to the owners
of the slaves for their property thus liberated.
I am extremely sorry to hear the Senator from
Mississippi say that he requires, first;' the exten-
sion of the Missouri compromise line to the Pa-
cific, and also that he is not satisfied with that, but
requires, if I understood him correctly, a positive
provision for the admission of slavery south of that
line. And now, sir, coming- from a slave State,
as I do, I owe it to myself, I owe it to truth, I owe
it to the subject, to say that no earthly power could
induce me to vote for a specific measure for the
introduction of "slavery where it had not before ex-
isted, either south or north of that line. Coming
as I do from a slave State, it is my solemn, delib-
erate and well matured determination that no pow-
er, no earthly power, shall compel me to vote for <
the positive introduction of slavery either south or i
north of that line. Sir, while you reproach, and i
justly too, our British ancestors for the introduc-
tion of this institution upon the continent of Amer-
ica, I am, for one, unwilling that the posterity of
the present inhabitants of California and of New-
Mexico shall reproach us for doing just what we
reproach Great Britain for doing to us. If the
citizens of those Territories choose to establish
slavery, and if they come here with constitutions
establishing slavery, I am for admitting them with
such provisions in their constitutions; but then it
will be their own work, and not ours, and their
posterity will have to reproach them, and not us
fur forming constitutions allowing the institution •
of slavery to exist among them. These ate my
views, sir, and I choose to express them; and {
care not how extensively or universally they are
known. The honorable Senator from Virginia
has expressed his opinion that slavery exists in
these Territories, and 1 have no doubt that opin-
ion is sincerely and honesty entertained by him;
and I would say, with equal sincerity and honesty,
that I believe that slavery nowhere exists within
any portion of the territory acquired by us from
Mexico. He holds a directly contrary opinion to
mine, as he has a perfect right to do-, and we will
not quarrel about that difference of opinion.
But, sir, 1 sincerely regret, as 1 have before
stated, a discussion upon these resolutions at this
time; for 1 could show, and at a proper time
would show, that the proposition which I make
of leaving the subject unacied upon with regard
to slavery—without any declaration either for or
against it—leaving the question entirely open—I
say I could show that it is a much better propo-
i sition, as far as the intetests of the South are con-
1 cemed, than that of extending the Missouri line
i to the Pacific, unless you should couple with it
i that which the Senator from Mississippi knows to
be impossible, a declaration or provision for the
introduction of slavery south of that line.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Mississippi
knows that.
Mr CLAY. And I say, sir, in my place, that
I consider it is much better for the South.that the
whole subject should be open on both sides of an
imaginary line—for instance, the line of 3(i^ 30
than that slavery should be interdicted positiveJy
north of 36° 30', with freedom to introduce tfr es-
tablish slavery south of that line, according to the
will of the people; and the proposition that I have
made is infinitely better for the South than the
pioposition which the Senator has suggested, un-
less he could persuade Congress to adopt his prop-
osition to declaie positively and absolutely^ the
right to introduce slavery south of that line. Now,
all this I could have shown, and would have
shown, if necessary, m the progress of the argu-
ment, if Senators had not enteied into a discus-
sion, and committed themselves upon the ques-
tion—if they had chosen to wait and give a lull
and fair consideration to these resolutions—to
view them as a system, and lo view them inde-
pendently of each other. But they have chosen
to anticipate the argument, and 1 could not remain
silent in justice to myself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator
from Kentucky rose with an announcement that
he wanted to know my time for meeting him in
argument, and 1 have told him that my time is
, now. Several times has he regretted this prema-
ture discussion; but pray, sir, who introduced it.
The Senator submitted his resolutions, discussed
, them seriatim, and then concluded with a set
' speech Arc we to understand that all this was
done without intending to influence opinion > Was
it a mere volley of blank cartridges that he was
firing in order that he miehtcome up undercover
of the smoke, and make a charge upon us before
we saw him ? Why, sir, at the door of any other
man- might lie the charge of entering prematurely
upon this discussion more properly than at mine.
He it was who began the discussion, and 1 was
the last to engage in it. But he announces as his
