1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6.
of business on the Speaker's table, (with a view
to the reference of Senate bills thereon )
The SPEAKER said that, by unanimous con-
Bent, such a moticm could be made.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that much import-
ant business had accumulated there. He hoped
that unanimous consent would be given.
Objection was made.
So the motion was not received.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the orders of
the day.
THE GALPHIST CLAIM.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day, being the consideration of the report of
the select committee in the Galphin case.
Mr. STABLY was entitled to the floor, and
took it.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL asked his colleague [Mr. Stan-
ly] to yield the floor to him, (Mr. I).,) for the
purpose of enabling him to submit a motion to
postpone the further consideration of the special
order until Monday next, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the private calen-
dar.
Mr. STANLY yielded—willing, he said, that
the sense of the House should be taken.
Mr. DANIEL submitted his motion.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative without a division. ^
So the House refused to proceea to the consid-
eration of the private calendar.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Thereupon the House resumed the considera-
tion of the report of the select committee in the
Galphin case.
Mr. STANLY (of whose remarks a report will
appearin the Appendix) then addressed the House.
He spoke not so much, as he stated at the com-
mencement, for the purpose of discussing the
merits of the question, but with a view to carry
the war into Africa. He was of the opinion, that
the utmost extent to which the Secretary of
War could be justly chargeable, was a want of
delicacy in pressing the settlement of the Galphin
claim while he occupied a seat in the Cabinet.
There was no suspicion of any fraud in design or
in act. He then went back in the history of the
last twenty-five years, to the period when the Dem-
ocrats came into power with General Jackson, and
detailed the numerous defalcations which took
place in that party, aggregating above a million of
dollars, on the subject of which, the gentlemen
who now so loudly censure Mr. Crawford, were
entirely siient. He also stated some facts, to show-
that the Attorney General, who had been also as-
sailed, had rendered service to the country, and
declined any compensation for the same; and that
the political purity of the Whigs was less open to
imputation than that of the opposite party.
Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr. CLARKE obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House at considerable length, (m re-
marks which will be published m the Appendix.)
He reviewed the history of the claim. He ex-
pressed his belief that the present Government
had done right in its payment—exactly what
it should have done—nothing more nor less. He
declined to enter into an examination of the ques-
tion, whether the act of 184t5 was advisedly passed
i or not. Hi3 own impression was that, all things
considered, the law was so passed. At all events,
he had no desire to impugn the conduct of the late
Congiess. They had acted according to the lights
which were before them. The bill probably re-
ceived as much consideration as claims usually
did. But he thought its passage and the results
which had grown out of it, illustrated the necessity
of having some> other tribunal than Congress to ad-
judicate these claims.
Mr. C. having: concluded—
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor, and
moved the previous question; but he yielded for
the moment to
Mr. SEDDON, who gave notice of his intention
at a proper time to offer the following as a substi-
tute ior the resolution of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs:]
RaolveJ, That the House, without intending to approve,
by implication or otherwise, the propriety of any officer of
the Government being intere.-ted during bH tenure of office,
in the prosecution of a claim before any ot its departments,
yet sees nothing in the evidence reported by the committees,
to sfcow that the Secretary of War " ever availed himself
of his official position, or the relations it established be-
tween himselt and the other members of the Cabinet, to in-
fluence the favorable determination of the claim" of G« orge
Galphin, deceased, arid are satisfied that "there whs nothing
unusual in the circumstances attending the adjustment and
payment of the principal or interest ot this claim, nor any
departure from the oidinary couise of business in tlieTieas-
ury Department.
The substitute having been read—
Mr. SEDDON, in explanation, was understood
to say that the resolution which he proposed em-
bodied the language used by the majority of the
committee and the conclusions of the majority,
and at the same time it disclaimed lending the
sanction of the House to any member of the Cabs-
net being interred in the prosecution of a claim
before one of the departments while occupying the
position of head of another department.
Mr. JONES gave notice of the following amend-
ment, which he desired to offer in some place
where it might appropriately belong:
Resolved, That the amount paid a* interest on "aid claim
should be refunded to the Tieasury by the persons to whom
it may be paid.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. JONES said, that this resolution, added to
those offered by the majority of the committee,
would exactly meet his views and express his
sentiments in relation to this whole transaction.
Mr. FEATHERSTON gave notice that he
should offer the following resolutions as a subsii-
tute for the resolutions reported by the majority of
the committee;
1. Resolved, Tnat the claim of George Galphin was one
that the United -Hates was u.ider no obligations to pay prior
to the parage of tiie act of 1848, winch authorized and re-
quired the payment of the principal only.
2. Resolved, That the interest thereon was paid without
authority of law or usage.
3. Resolved, That Congress should pass a law prohibiting
the payment of interest in any case by any officer of die
Government, unless expressly directed b> law.
4. Resolved, That Congress should pass a law prohibiting-
any member of the Cabinet from deciding on any claim or
demand against the Government in whicn any other mem-
ber ot the same Cabinet shall be interested, while they may
be thus associated together in the administration of the Gov-
ernment.
5. Resolved, That we recommend the passage of a law
making final the decisions made by the heads ot the differ-
ent departments, and regulating the right of appeal, &e.
Mr. RICHARDSON now insisted on his de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. WELLBORN asked him to withdraw.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he would do so for
the purpose of amendment, or inquiry, or expla-
nation, but for no other purpose.
Mr. WELLBORN desired to speak five min-
utes.
Mr. RICHARDSON declined to withdraw the
demand for the previous question. The subject
had (he said) been discussed about a week. He
thought that gentlemen had been enabled, by this
time, to come to a conclusion, and that they were
ready to express, by their votes, what that con-
clusion was. He felt disposed to send gentlemen
to the country upon the votes they might give.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, preferred a
similar request, pledging himself, if it should be
complied with, to renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he had declined to
withdraw the motion for the accommodation of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Wellborn.]
He (Mr. R.) could not withdraw it for any other
gentleman.
So the demand for the previous question was
insisted upon.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo, of
Connecticut, and Freedley, of Pennsylvania,
were appointed.
And the vote, having been taken, stood—ayes
89, noes 46.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. BURT (chairman of the select committee)
then claimed the floor, (under the rule,) and was
proceeding to address the House, but he yielded
to a motion by
Mr. HUBBARD, that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BURT then addressed the House during
the allotted hour, in vindication of the grounds
assumed in the report which he had made, and in
reply to the arguments of Messrs. ToOmbs, Ste-
phens, and other gentlemen. At the close of his
remarks, he expressed the opinion that whatever
censure or responsibility attached to this transac-
tion, rested on the Secretary of the Treasury, to
whom, by*the act of 1848, an official function had
been delegated, and who had no authority to trans-
fer that function to the Attorney General or any
other officer. If the Secretary of the Tieasury
had performed his duty, the House would not
have been engaged in the discussion of this ques-
tion.
[A report of this speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BURT having concluded—
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
House adjourn. Rejected.
The SPEAKER stated the question pending.
The select committee, through their chairman,
[Mr. Burt,] had reported the following resolutions:
1st. Resolved, That the claim of the representatives of
George Galphin was not a just demand agamst the United
States.
2d. Resolved, That the act of Congress made it the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the principal of said
claim, and it was therefore paid, <> in conformity with iaw"
and precedent."
3d. Resolved, That the act aforesaid did not authorize the
Secretaiy of the Treasury to pay interest on s.iid claim, and
its payment was not " in conformity with law" or ^piece-
dent.''
Mr. TOOMBS had moved to amend these reso-
lutions by adding thereto the following:
Resolved, That there is no evidence submitted by the com-
mittee to whom was referred the letter ol George W. Craw-
ford, asking " an investigation" into hisconductin reference
to the claim of the representatives of George Galphin, which
impugns his personal or official conduct in relation to the
settlement of the.claim by the proper-officers ol the Govern*
merit.
Mr. SCHENCK had moved to amend this
amendment of Mr. Toombs by adding the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, however, That this House is not understood as
apptoving his relation to that claim, m confinuirig to be in-
terested m the pi osecution of it when it was* to "be exam-
ined, adjusted, and paid by one of the department* oi the
Government, he iunwlf being at the same time at ttie head
of another of those department-*; but the House considers
that such connection and intere>t oi a membei of the Cabi-
net with a claim pending and prosecuted be.ore another de-
partment, would be dangerous as a precedent, and ought not
to be sanctioned.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
first on'agreeing to the amendment ofMr. Schenck
to the amendment.
[To present at a glance all the questions pending,
it is proper to add, that
Mr. SiCHENCK had moved the following as a
substitute for the resolutions of the committee; viz:
Resolved, That there is no evidence submitted by the com-
mittee to whom was referred the letter of Geoige W Craw-
ford, asking uan investigation" into his conduct in refer-
ence to the claim of the representatives of George Galphin,
which impugns his personal or official conduct in relation to
the settlement of the claim by the proper otiicers of the Gov-
ernment.
Provided, however, That this House is not to he understood
as approving his relation to that claim, in continuing to be
inteiested in the prosecution ot it wiieiyit was to he ex-
amined, adjusted,and paid by One of the departments ot the
Government, he himself being at the same time at the head
of another ot those department^, but the House considers that
sucii connection and interest of a member of th>- Cabinet
with a claim pending and prosecuted hefuie anothei depart-
ment, would be dangerous as a precedent, and ought not to
be sanctioned.
And Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, had
moved the following amendment to the substitute:
"And consequently that the House also totally ilissema
from the correctness of the opinion expiessed by the i'ret-i-
dent of the United States to the Seerttary of War,< that
Mus (the said Crawfoid) being at the head of the War De~
'partment, and the agent ol the claimant*, did not take
< Irom him anv rights he may have had as such agent, or
< would have justified htm in having the examination and
'decision ot the claims by the Secretary of the Treasury
' suspended.'
" Resolved, jurther, That this House decidedly disap-
proves ot, and dissents from, the opinion given by the At-
torney G 'iieral in tavor of an allowance of iniere>t on said
claim, and from the action o( the Secretary of the Treasury
in payment ot the same claim in this" 
The votes first upon the amendment to the sub-
stitute and then upon the substitute, would be in
order after the amendment to the original lesolo-
Hons should have been acted upon and pending
the question on the adoption of the said original
resolutions, amended or not amended, as the
House should decide.]
The first question was on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck, to the amendment of Mr. Toombs.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked that all the
amendments, substitutes, and orginal resolutions
be read before any vote was taken.
The SPEAKER said the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, and the amendment
thereto of the gentleman from Ohio, had been
