THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 10, 1850.
New Series.... No. 85.
read: the Clerk would now read the original reso-
lutions.
Mr. PARKER desired the amendments to be
again read, lemarkingthat they had not been heard
in that part of the Hall.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions and amend-
ments will be read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, inquired if, the
previous question having been moved and sec-
onded, jt was in order to call for the reading of
any other resolution or amendment except those
winch were in order at this time?
The SPEAKER replied, that if the point were
made, the reading of none but preceding; amend-
ments would be in order. The Chun* would have
all the amendments read which were pending
when the previous question was seconded.
Mr. FEATHERSTON wished to know if the j
resolutions moved by him and reported from that I
part of the commbfee with which he acted, were !
not pending? They had been olTVied before the j
pievious question was moved. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis- j
sippi will remember, that at the time when he pro- ,
posed his amendment, the Chair stated that it was j
not m o**der. 1
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I offered it this morn- j
in?. i
The SPEAKER. It was not in order this |
morning, it could not be in older until the pre- 1
vious amendments had been voted down. j
Mr. RICHARDSON rose to a point of order, j
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] had :
moved an amendment to the original resolution; ;
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] had ;
moved an amendment to that amendment; the ,
amendment reported by the gpnllemnn from Mis- i
si?sippi [Mr. Feaiherston] was in the nature of!
a substitute for tbe original resolution, and it was !
therefore in order. |
The SPEAKER stated that the facts of the cape '
were different from those upon which the gentle- j
man from Illinois had based his point of order, i
He stated the facts: The committee hod reported j
certain resolutions; the gentleman from Georgia j
had moved to amend those resolutions by an ad- I
ditional resolution; the gentleman from Ohio had j
moved to amend the amendment. The gentleman !
from Ohio had also ottered an amendment, in the
nature of a substitute, for the entire resolutions of
the committee; and the gentleman from Mississippi
had moved an amendment to that substitute. The
substitute of the gentleman from Mississippi,
therefore, could not be entertained in the present
state of the question. The gentleman would see
that every amendment which could be made had
been moved when the previous question was sec-
onded.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Which gentleman from
Ohio do I understand has offered a substitute?
The SPEAKER. The same gentleman who
moved the amendment, [Mr. Sciienck ]
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired ]f the proposi-
tion which the gentleman had offered as a substi-
tute was not the same as the amendment pending?
The SPEAKER replied that the Choir had not
examined the extent to which they differed; but
the propositions were not identical.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to call the attention of '
the Chair to the resolutions reported by that por- f
tion of the committee to which I belong. If 1 j
understand the matter correctly, the report of a ;
minority of a committee, which concludes with ,
resolutions, being in effect a recommendation that j
the resolutions be adopted, is a motion to amend j
the resolutions of the majority. That, I appre- j
hend, is a principle very well established by par- }
liamentary law; and I submit, that the resolutions j
reported by that portion of the committee with j
whom I had the honor to act, come up of them- i
selves as an amendment to the resolutions of the i
majority. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not concur i
with the gentleman from Ohio in this position, j
Tlfe parliamentary law, as he understands it, does !
not recognize the report of a minority of a com-
mittee as a report; it contains the views of the
85
minority, and whenever they icport resolutions,
or a bill, they are not before the House for its ac-
tion, until they are submitted by some member,
either of that minority, or by some other member.
The report of the minority, of iuelf, does not
bring the question before the House for its action.
The Chair would state to the gentleman from
Ohio, that so far as he is informed, such has been
the uniform practice of the House; whatever may
be the practice of other parliamentary bodies, the
Chair is not preuated to say.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I derive to know of the
Chair, if we proceed to vote upon the various
amendments now pending, and then a motion is
made to reconsider the previous question, whether
we will be bound to go back through all the amend-
ments, before we get to the position in which we
were before the previous question was ordered?
The CHAIR, it is impossible for the Chair to
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois,
because he does not know what disposition the
House may make of the vniious amendments,
whether they will be adopted or rejected. The
Chair cannot tell in what position the question
will stand afte-* the notion of the Hou*e. The
Chair will state, in reply to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, by which he may, perhaps,
be informed, that 
Mr. RICHARDSON (interposing) said, for
himself he was willing to vote upon these amend-
ments: after they were disposed of he should
move to reconsider the previous question, with a
view to take a vote upon the resolutions reported
by the minority.
Mr. INGE. I wish to know what the Speaker
has decided as the effect of the previous question >
Does the Chair dccide that the effect is to cut rff
the substitute of the gentleman from Mississippi,
notice of which has been given to the House?
The SPEAKER. Most clearly.
Mr. INGE. Nothing is before the House,
then, except the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee, and the amendment, and the amendment
to the amendment, which have been offered >
The SPEAKER. And the substitute, and the
amendment to the substitute.
Mr. INGE. That is the precise question I have
put to the Chair—whether the previous question
cuts off the substitute, of which notice bus been
given ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair repeats, that it
cuts off all substitutes, except the one offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, which had been enter-
tained before the previous question was moved and
seconded. The Chair will state to the gentleman
from Alabama, and to the House, that the state
of the case is precisely as though no notice had
been given.
Mr. SEDDON wished to inquire of the Chair,
in case the vatious amendments and the resolu-
tions now pending were rejected, if it would not
then be in the power of a member to offer other
resolutions to the House?
The SPEAKER stated that, in the opinion of
the Chair, other resolutions could not be offered,
except by a reconsideration.
Mr. McMULLEN moved to reconsider the vote
upon the second of the pievious question, with a
view, he said, to bring in other resolutions.
He waived the motion, however, at the sugges-
tion of various gentlemen, and moved that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER said, the motion to adjourn
was not in order—no business having intervened
since the last vote on the same question.
Mr. BURT addressed the Speaker, and was re-
cognized.
Mr. INGE said he hoped the gentleman from
South Carolina would yield to thereadingofthesub-
stitute which w<*s pending, in order that the House
mi^ht judge whether the question was presented
in su"h a manner that they would be willing to
vote upon it.
Mr. BURT hoped to be allowed to say he
thought the House should adjourn, in order to give
i time to deliberate upon the question. He inov< d
! that the "House adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated that that motion was not
now in order.
Mr. INGE called for the reading of the substi-
tute.
Mr. McMULLEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question had been ordered to
be now put.
Mr. JONES desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether, if the House should now recon-
sider the vote by which the main question had
been ordeied, it would not then leave the question
open to debate without allowing other amend-
ments to be offered. The proper mode, he sug-
gested, was to dispose of the pending amendments,
and if they should not prove satisfactory to the
House, then to reconsider the vote oiderwg the
main question.
Mr. BURT moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays on that
motion, but withdrew the demand.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Messrs. WHITE and GOTT simultaneously
mover! that the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullen] to reconsider the vote by
which the mam question had been oidered, be laid
upon the table.
Mr. McMULLEN, at the same time, withdrew
the motion.
So the motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
Mr. WiNTHROP ro.se to a point of order.
He submitted that, under the parliamentary law,
it was not in order to reconsider an order which
had been partly executed. He contended that the
previous question had been executed, in part at
least, it was upon this principle alone that the
honorable member from South Carolina [Mr.
Burt] had closed the debate. That gentleman
had spoken once, and, as the chairman of these-
Itct committee, he had the light, under the rule, to
speak again, though, as to all other members of the
House, ihe debate was at an end. The rule giving
this right did not inure until the previous question
had bten ordered. The gentleman had spoken,
and to that extent, therefore, the order of the
House had been executed.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider has
been withdrawn, and is not now pending.
Mr. RICHARDSON said, that whenever the
question of order suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wjntiirop] should be made, if
the decision of the Chair should sustain it, an ap-
peal would be taken.
After a suggestion by Mr. JONES—
The SPEAKERsaid: If gentlemen will observe
order, the questions, in the order in which they
stand before the House, will be stated., And if
gentlemen will preserve order, much inconveni-
ence will be obviated, and the necessity for the
frequent reading of the resolutions prevented.
The SPEAKER then directed the propositions
pending before the House to be read in their
legular order.
And they were read by the Clerk in the follow-
ing order:
thirst, the. resolutions reported by the commit-
tee.
Secondly, the amendment of Mr. Toombs to
those resolutions.
Thirdly, the amendment of Mr. Sciienck to the
amendment of Mr. Toomds.
Fourthly, the substitute of Mr. Schexck.
Fifthly, the amendment of Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi, to the amendment of Mr. Schenck.
The SPEAKER. The question will Uc first on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] to the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] The question will
then be on the amendment ot the gentleman from
Geoigia, amended or not, as the vote of the House
may determine. The question will then recifron
the amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] to the substitute of the gentle-
Ueman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck.,] and then upon
that substitute, amended or not, as the c^se may
be.
