1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
254
measures. That was not my, expression. I did
not use the word "measures." I had no refer-
ence (o party measures, for I mean to separate
myself as much as possible from all parties with
reference to this subject. I meant by irregularity
that that was done which had been done with ref-
erence to Michigan, and at a later period with ref-
erence to Florida; that the attempt was made to
•give to California a State government before she
had had a Territorial government; that is all I
meant.
Sir, a single word and I have done. My worthy
friend, as well as other gentlemen in the Senate,
have ad verted to the fact that in this war with Mex-
ico, which a's we all know was in part connected
with Texas and her limits, the United States were
the trustees for Texas; and, having obtained pos-
session of the territories lying on the borders of
Texas, the States are therefore bound to give to
the cestui que trust what she was of her own right
entitled to originally.
I think the worthy Senator and others have
omitted one view of the matter. Sir, it was not
conquest; it was a purchase, for which we paid
fifteen millions of dollars; and undoubtedly Texas,
if she had a claim upon that purchase, should come
in and pay a part of the purchase money, though
that is probably the last thing she would think of
doing.
Mi. RUSK. I dislike to be drawn again into
the discussion; and it is only for the purpose of
making a single statement that I now rise, and I
think 1 am justified in making a few remarks, inas-
much as it has unfortunately so happened that
whenever this subject of Texan boundary has
been discussed heretofore, it has been upon some
abstiact question, and very frequently in order to
manufacture public opinion for party purposes.
Mr. CLAY. Does the honorable Senator im-
pute to me any such motive ?
Mr. RUSK. No,sir. But I mean to.say this:
the resolutions of the Senator will go-forth to the
world accompanied by the declarations of the dis-
tinguished Senator, twice repeated here, adverse to
the claim of Texas. Can he be ignorant that there
are thousands upon thousands in these United
States who will not ask for proof when they have
his opinion ? W ill all this have no effect ? Would
it not more or less influence the public mind ? X
do not charge the Senator with intending anything
improper; but is he not aware that such will be the
effect of it ? And have I not received a sort of re-
buke from the Senator for simply stating in this
connection what I conceive to be the rights of my
State ?
Mr. CLAY. Not at all; I rather applauded the
Senator.
Mr. RUSK. Sir, have we not had here a discusr
sion m which the statements and arguments of the
Senator, on one side only, have been made, and
will go out to the community ? And, whatever may
have been intended, I submit, will it have no effect
on public, opinion ? I do not deem it proper, now,
to go into argument in answer to the Senator's
position; but has the Senator investigated this
subject? Does he not know that, appended to the
treaty with Mexico, of which he speaks, signed
and sealed by the commissioners who negotiated
it, and expressly made a part of the treaty, there
is a map which defines all the territory east of the
Rio Grande and to the 42° of north latitude, as
Texas, and that the territory west of that river is
as explicitly designated as Hew Mexico? The
boundary thus defined is made a part of the treaty
itself, and no fair interpretation can permit any-
body to assume a different one. Can this fact be
argued out of the treaty ? Yet, as the resolutions of
the Senator would indicate, such must be the case.
I desire nothing, sir, but a fair investigation of
this subject when it comes up properly, and I shall
fail in presenting stubborn facts if I do not show
that the United States Congress has as much right
to interfere with thejurisdiction and limits of Ken-
tucky as it has to interfere with those of Texas.
Texas has agreed to the exercise of no such power
on the part of Congress, and if carried out it will
be an assumption of power by the Government,
by which it can annihilate the State of Texas or
any other State in this Union.
The object I have ill view at present is merely
to prevent the propositions contained m the reso-
lutions, supported as they have been by two
speeches from the distinguished Senator from Ken-
tucky, with the immense influence which anything
i'■ that emanates from him carries with it, from going
i: out as settled and established facts. It becomes
j; my duty, therefore, on this occasion, to assert the
j rights of Texas, and to say that when the proper
1 time arrives, I intend to maintain those rights.
And I will say another thing, sir, for I feel myself
bound to do it; and that is, if there were fewer
abstract resolutions brought in here- to provoke
debate, if there were fewer questions made for
purposes of display, if-Senators were willing to
come up to the point of action, to introduce some
bill which would bring up this question distinctly
for the Responsible action of the Congress of the
United States^ and debate it, we should be more
likely to accomplish some good purpose.
But so long as every one comes forward with a
separate and distinct proposition, in the form of
abstract resolutions, though actuated by patriotic
motives no doubt, we shall, in my opinion, arrive
at no just result. From the course that we are at
present pursuing, I have no expectation that we
shall arrive at any satisfactory conclusion—
although I trust in God we may; and so ]ong as
such resolutions are discussed, instead of taking
up the subject in a more tangible form, we shall ac-
complish nothing. Pass the resolutions now on
your table by a unanimous vote, and there is no
abiding force and effect in- them. The next day
you may pass a bill upon the same subject of an
entirely different character.
Mr. CLAY. I propose that these resolutions
be made the order of the day for Tuesday next.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not intend, Mr. President,
to discuss this subject at length; but desire simply
to make a few remarks with reference to the pur-
port of these resolutions, before the Senate shall
pass from their consideration. No one could have
heard with greater pleasure than myself the an-
nouncement, which has been made heretofore by
some of the daily press, in anticipation, and which
has since been realized, that the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky was preparing a compromise
bill upon this agitating question of slavery. I de-
sired particularly that he should take up this sub-
!l ject, because of his long services to the country in
I• the nation's councils, and because of his residing
| j in a slave State, and being fully acquainted with the
j , character and operations of the institution ofslave-
ii ry; but, above all, because of the decided part
!> which he had taken some years ago upon another
|j important occasion similar to this, which, of
j course, would cause the country to look upon his
I movements upon this question with great attention
! and interest. His great fame and eloquence, his
high position and influence in the public mind,
naturally induces the belief that what he suggests
upon the subject will have great weight, and that
any prospective plan of compromise would very
appropriately come from him. But, sir, I have been
greatly mistaken. I must confess that, in the whole
course of my life, my astonishment has never been
greater than it was when I saw this proposition
brought forward as a compromise; and X rise now,
sir, not for the purpose of discussing it at all, but
to protest most solemnly against it. I consider
j this compromise as no compromise at all. What,
! sir, does it grant to the South ? I can see nothing
! at all. The first resolution offered by the honorable
! Senator proposes to admit the State of California
i with a provision prohibiting slavery in territory
' which embraces all our possessions on the Pacific.
! It is true there may be a new regulation of the
boundary hereafter, but if there were to be such a
regulation, why was it not embraced in this reso-
lution ? As no boundary is mentioned, we have
a right to presume that the boundary established
by ihe.constitution of California was to be received
as the established boundary. What concession,
then, is it from the North that we admit a State
i thus prohibiting slavery, embracing the whole of
! our possessions on the Pacific coast according to
i these resolutions ? As to the resolutton relating to
! New Mexico and Deseret, if it had simply con-
■ tained the provision that a constitutional govern-
ment shall be established there, without any men-
tion of slavery whatever, it would have been well
enough. But inasmuch as it is affirmed that sla-
very does not now exist in these Territories, does
it not absolutely preclude its admission there? and
the resolutions therefore might just as well affirm
that jslavery should be prohibited in those Terri-
tories. The Senator from Alabama, if I under-
stood him aright, maintains that the proposition is
of the same import as the Wilmot proviso; and in
i view of these facts I would ask, is there aythning
j conceded to us of the South ? •
! It may be contended, with reference to the
resolution relating to the District of Columbia, that
it concedes a great deal, in declaring that it in-
expedient for Congress to interfere with slavery in
the District, without the consent of Maryland and
of itsown citizens. I might attach some weight
to this resolution, were it not that long ago, when
there was a much greater excitement upon this
subject, a similar resolution was passed by the
! Senate. And what did it amount to? Diditcalm
i the agitation at all, or answer the ends for which it
was intended? Has it stayed the hand of the
North that was raised against us ? Can the gentle-
man suppose that we of the South are so tame that
we will accept as a boon that which gives nothing
to the South whatever ? What will be the effect
of these resolutions and of the compromise pro-
posed, allowing this to be a compromise? In the
first place, then, it will admit another free State
into the Union; that certainly is not a very great
concession. In the next place, it is to be decided
by the high authorities of the Senate of the United
States that slavery is not tolerated by law in New
Mexico and California. And yet I am told that
there are already some four or five hundred slaves
there, and it is an indisputable fact that a large por-
tion of the population are peons, which is only an-
other name for slavery, and a slavery, too, much
more degrading than that of the Africans in the
United States. What concession, then, is made to us?
There is nothingthen left but the mere declaration
that it is inexpedient to interfere with slavery in the
Districtof Columbia. There is nothing but that that
can at all be considered a concession to the South.
With regard to the resolution affecting fugitive
slaves, it is very well, as far as it goes; but I would
suggest to the gentleman that there is already a
solemn provision in the Constitution of the United
States with .relation to this matter—a provision
which was very ably discussed yesterday by my
friend from Virginia—which cannot now be carried
into effect; and, if a solemn compact of the confeder-
ated Union cannot be carried out, I very much fear
that a simple resolution offered by the Senator from
Kentucky, backed though it may be by his all-
, poweiful influence, will meet with but little better
1 success. What I have to say then, sir, is, that I
. protest against this compromise, if so you please
i to call it, because in not one single point, if I clearly
j understand its meaning, does it propose to benefit
j the people of the South. Without attempting in
the slightest degree to question the motives that
i influenced the honorable Senator in the presenta-
| tion of these resolutions, I am sure that the people
I of the South will not consider it a compromise at
all, inasmuch as it gives all to one side. I can
assure you, sir, that when the people of the South
come to see this great compromise, and consider
that it concedes a State and two or three Territo-
ries to the North, and concedes the abolition of the
slave-trade in the District of Columbia to the
North, without any concession whatever to the
South, they will not be satisfied with it. No gen-
tleman can show me that it contains a single con-
cession to the South, and therefore I protest against
it.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Secretary will record
the protest of the gentleman, and that that protest
will remain upon the record to be acted upon
hereafter. I have risen merely to say, sir, that I
did not intend these resolutions as abstract resolu-
tions. 1 propose now that they should be made
the order of the day for Tuesday next; and my
purpose is that they shall be taken up, duly con-
sidered and decided upon, and if any of them are
decided upon affirmatively, that they shall be
referred to some appropriate committee with in-
structions to bring in a bill in pursuance of such
expression of the opinion of the Senate. That, as
I understand it, is the parliamentary course of
legislation throughout the world, wherever parlia-
ments exist. It is not, as the worthy Senator from
Texas supposes, a mere abstract proposition. j\o
such thing. I intend them as practical, sober pro-
positions,'to be decided upon and referred to com-
mitees, and to be reported upon,eitheraffirmatively
or negatively, with a view, if reported affirmatively,
to subsequent action thereupon.
Mr. DOWNS. I only desire to have my pro-
test recorded with the resolutions and remarks
offered by the Senator from Kentucky; I have at
least the right, as a member of the Senate, to have
