1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
of offcnces committed in Gutting live oak and other
limber or trees reserved for naval purposes, ap-
proved 21 March, 1831;" which was read a first
and second time by iss 'itle, and rtfened to the
iJcamuuee on Naval Aff. irs.
THE MAISOIV ROUGE GRANT.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro- i
ceeded to the consideration of bill JNT«>- 63, being
the bill to grant the i ight of preemption to certain
purchasers and settlers in m the " Maison Rouge
Grant," in the event of a final adjustment of the
title in favor of the United States.
Several verbal amendments were made. The
bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments having been concurred in, it was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 7i, entitled " An act for
the iehef ot Richard H. Barrett." •
Mi. KING. in what State is this quarter-sec-
tion to be located ? The bill simpiy says that it
is a noitheast corner of a section.
Mr, DOWNS. The report of the House com-
mittee explains the maiter.
Air. DAWSON. Tne bill is as it came from
the House. The Secretary read the leoort of the
H"U«se Committee on Private Land Claims.
i\Jr. DODGE. Emnigii has been read to show
that the s< etion is in the St. Augustine land dis-
trict, and i move to amend the bill by adding the
voids "subject to saie in the district of St. Au-
gustine, 1'ioi ida."
ivir, YOLEE. I wish to inquire if the Senator
is sati&ncd that there is no adversary right to the
pai ticuiar quarter-section ?
Mr. DAWSON. The biil provides for that.
Tue amendment of Mr. Dodge was then agtced
to.
Mr. FELCIi. I wish to ask whether there
were any tacts befoie the committee other than
thof.e whicu appear m this report?
Mr. DOWNS. The committee took the report
as it came from the House, and, upon examination
of the fuels, adopted it as ihesrown.
Mr. FSLCH. it&een-s to me, Mr. Pies'idcnt,
that there is a serious objection to this bill as it
now stands, if 1 undeistand it. The foundation
of this claim is under the armed occupation laws
ot Florida. Thatlaw, if 1 recollect rightly, required
m its provisions, that the person whu intended
to make a claim should obtain a pe.niit at the land
office, which should define the land to which he
should be entitled; and, unless he did so, he was
not entitled to any benefit at all under the law. it
contained also another restriction, that u should
not be within the military reservation, nor within
two miles of it. Now, ii I understand this repoit
coneotly, by hearing it read—although 1 could not
hear it very distinctly—it appears that this c'a>m
was made in violation of that law. In the first
place, they did not obtain the permit, which was
the foundation of all i ights under the law. In the
next place, they were never entitled to a permit,
because it was within two miles of the fort, and,
* therefore, excluded from the beneftt of the law.
There is another objection, Mr. President,
which 1 wish to state in connection with tins mat-
ter. My attention was called to the subject fiom
ihisfact: Othei claims of a similar character have
been presented before the Senate at this session;
and one report has teen made adversely, under
piecisely such a claim, upon the principle to which
1 refei, to wit, that the parties, having gone on m
violation or lav/, without a permit, and Within
limits sor which they c.und not obtain a permit,
there skoiud be some other than ordinary leysuns
to entitle thtm to piecmption under that act or Con-
gress. liiis bill is in contravention ot that decis-
ion in a similar case. The Senate, however, nave
not acted upon that b.li.
I will state another ,-act in relation to this matter.
Under the armed occupation law, as 1 understand
the matter, some two or three years a^o, a bill
was pas.-.eu which called to it some dfgiee of at-
tention, appointing a commission for the purpose
of going to Fioiida and investigating the claims in
reference to the lights acquired unuer the armed
occupation law. That investigation went on, and
a report was made, which is now before the Sen-
ate—made at the last session of Congress, accord-
ing to my recollection—and no action was had
upon these claims, so far as I am now aware.
Another act was passed extending the time, ap-
pointing the same commissioners, anil they have
gone on to investigate. In the report of this year
a statement is m de of the acu< n of these com-
missioners upon the subject. As I understand the
law, this is one of the cases that commission
would have to investigate. It is a proper case to
£0 befoie th'em, according to my recollection of
their powers; and it should undergo the investiga-
tion of that commisssion. If that be so, if L am
right m reference to this matter, it seems to me to
be improper, at all events, that we should now
pass the bill which is before us.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state that there is, properly speaking, no
question before the Senate. There will not be
until the bill is reported, unless there is some
amendment. The Chair will report the bill, and
then debate w'il be in order.
The bill was accordingly reported to the Sen-
ate, and the amendment, in committee, was con-
cut r< d in.
The question wai then stated upon ordering the
bill tr> he eo^iossed for a third reading.
P li\ DAWSON. I will merely read the re-
port, Mr. President, without taking up the time by
any o' servations ot my own. It is as follows:
'• Ft'>m the (.V'dci'ff on file in theLind OlTicf-, it appears
th.it ! (-■!  i!t Xn. 113 \\ a-}ii anii'd to Ka li.ird {1. Barren, tin-
d.'i the ;k t ot 4ih A-miist, J843, (" foi Uio armed occupation
mikI -"ttirin'Mii oi a !>.m or tin-* Ternton ot Kloit(l.i,r) on
Hie 15 ii oi April, 184^, who made -etth inenf, built a <mu-e,
and midv 0 (I iiioic than five actts on tin* noiih<*<w rjaarter
ol i hi in •>->, ww n$hi|> 10 -cnuh, ranae 23 ca^t, aecoidnig
to tun r< Q'lt-f n<u ot the law i.hove reeim1.
" O.i Hi.' 2^di July, 1844, a h tt« r wa- addre-sed ("rom the
Land Olhee s.i W.tj-hinuton to the r<*->ui^r .uid t< eeiver ,it
St. Auuu tnu\ intern ing them that petmd No. 7d had been
annulled, a- i.-sunl in eonhawntioii o* tin- tii'rd -action ol
tfie aet, emhr.tuni land \viu< h, at the d t« ot the permit,
w.i- \\ i,hiii iwo mill's of me military po-te-iahh-hed at Pi-
ta' k i; < on-etpienUv the el.'nnant did Tint make final pioof
oi ci'i'iiiiii -d re-id^nee and cultivation.
'• i'iom the .ii'i'oiiipanvimj km r ot Brigadier General W.
J. VVi)-i!',riM'iiH'(|!!ti!it' Laud Office, anil made pait of
tin- l^p iri, it npivats. tn.it the mdit ity p->-i at, Pslatka was
MrtiMlii abandoned on the 3'^th o: March. 1843, neat iy one
nr>!!'f| pi ,.\ io i> lot!},- inning of the p^umt N ). 73 to Ru h-
aid II B irii-'U, at.d inmo •!'mi f-i\ttjen months previou- to
the onh i <>nii'd;ui<: the sani pi-un.:.
Tin- pu co.i-idpri-d, jour committee are unani-
inou-iv ot opinion di.it the p -iinonor o'ight to he enidiraied
m his title to tiit; naet of land above described, and hog leave
to tepoit a hid accordingly.
u Ueadqcarters Ninth Department,
'• St. AcitUaiiM-, Oifober 11, 1843.
" Sir . fn reply to ynui note of > cf,teidav, J fiave the honor
to -stan , that on the 19th of Maicli la-t 1 i-sued orders to
abandon tin: military s-tanon at Pdatka. After tlx- .-tores
were winsdtawn, and mo>t of the tro p- had moved, n was
di^covti'-d (li.it tin: bairack at tin- pn«.t, then uinlergotriL'
repair-, wa^ nor na cou.htioii to aecunmodare the entire
{'ommiiKi; iiercnpfni, <i dctaelnni'iit \\ a- direcftd to hah
at the it rni(-r place tiii further orut i^, mid hnallv withdraw n
on the Hill A'-un-t Tiie ,m-r. hnu evei. n a tmlitii y
w.e- viituaMy at) indom <i at the foi tner pei sod. iYrhaj-w it it.
not Isti'iW'i. or ha« not oc u, red, that .d! the g onnd—indei <5
a tract ol uwlve hundred aeief, on which the garrison and
pulihc buddnn:^ were «iiu.ited— k firm.te pioperty. The
tact that th^ private land h envelopul bj- tin public J hid,
won d hardly seem to ju-tily a ie-( rvanmi in inspect to the
l.iUi'ij op'u.Hirijt exclusion (torn the InrniPr, heln'cen One
citi/.cuand another. Certainly tliN wotdd not he tolerated.
*' i a'n. -n, veiy rr^peetful!\. ^ our olu'dieni se> vant,
u \V. J. W0IT1H, Brigadier General.
To Pr Pi>tmo\s,
*• heghtei Land OTicc. Sf. Jhig'u'vnc."
This rtr>ort,Mr. President, is :-i full reply to the
rernuiks <•:' the Seriaior f' or>i Michigan.
T'.e bi'i was then ordered to a third reading,
and was p -ssed.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to which was referred House bill IN'o. 21,
ben )£ " an act for tne co/ftti uction of certain roads
; it) tneTeruiory of iVlmnesota, and for other pur-
: poseV have had the s-me under consideration,
: arid have directed me to report it h ick to the Senate
without amendment. I a&lc that it may be taken
up -w, considered now.
The motion was agreed
o second time, ana con&id;
vVh fie.
Tur. KlJNGr. \Vhat is
po-*;l f"> ne appropriated ?
itlw DGu(jL-\8. The total ttmonnt is§4-,000.
It is a Honse bill, which was referred to our com-
mittee, and is now reported back to the Senate.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, 1 feel every dispo-
sition to be liberal to the new territories, and to
give them all necessary facilities to enable them to
to. and the bill was reod
Bred as in Coannittee of
the gross amount pro-
carry their produce to market, and to communis
cue readily with each other by means of roads.
These large appropriations to amtones, howt\er,
arr*of recent origin. 1 happened to live iw a Nhmt
time under a ten ttoridl £ov<  nn>entr and 1 mu<i be
allowed to say that in that territory theie te\tr
wds one cent appropriated by Congress f  r the
making of roads'. We made nil our own loads.
I believe that was the case with nearly all ihe ter-
ritories"'.so long as they remained in a territorial
state, and until they came jnto they Union, at.d
then they received a certain portion of the public *
lands fur that purpose. There may, however, be
a propriety in anticipating these grants, by giving
to tfie temtones small appropriations for the mak-
ing of such roads as are actually neces&ary. I be-
lieve that in Minnesota the population is limited
to a small portion of the territory, and these ruads,
which are numerous, must communicate with the
wilderness countiy, and not with the settlements.
I may be mistaken m this, but, us i said before, I
am disposed to be liberal, and therefore 1 will not
be critical in finding grounds of objection, i wish,
however, to call the attention of tiie Senate to the
fact, that although the revenue is likely to be
greater this year than usual, yet the anpropna'ions
which ate being asked for, and made, and .iKely to
be made, will, i fear, more than absorb our enor-
mous revenue, and render it necessary that we
should resort to some other mode of iaiMng a
revenue. The appropruvions which are being
asked for, and those which ha\e been made, are
g erticr than have ever been made heittofore; and
it appears to me that they ate likely to go on in-
creasing hy the action of Oongi ess in adding appio-
prtaiion after apptopriation • tyond what is as>Ketl
for by the Government. U Senators are prepaied
to create a debt, alter absorbing tho&e means of
revenue, it is for them to do su. Fur myself, I
can only say, alter the long experience 1 have had
in tht CioveimneiH, having bttii heie moic than
thirty yeats, 1 never luves-cen &ueh a dispohition
to reckless exuavagance as hay charaettuzed the
Cons;ress«r.f the United States during tuis and the
last session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think a word of explana-
tion will obviate the Senator's ol jection. 'inis is
a House bill, reported by a cwmrjuttee ot the
House of Representatives, which gives lotty thou-
sand dollars to the Territory of Minnesota tor the
construction of certain roads. One o'i these roads
is from a point on the Mississippi river to a point
on Lake Superior; there is another connecting the
present settlements, and another connecting these
settlements with the military posts and Indian
agencies. I thtnk a lt&s appropriation would not
open these roads so as to form a communication
with these posts. Similar appropriations have
been usual, and 1 think this sum is as ieasonubie
a sum as conid be made it we keep these po&ls.
Mr. MASON. I would like to ha\e the i hair-
man of the Committee on Temtones inform ua
what precedent there is for making appropria-
tions of this kind for constiucting loads in the
territories.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not looked up any
precedents for this, because I did not anticipate
any objections of this kind. So far as 1 recollect,
small appropriations have been made atdiiieient
sessions of Cons;'ess* I recollect with respect to
Iowa and Wisconsin that such was the rai-e; and
1 ha\e never known them opposed of late yeats,
or so far as my exj crience 2.0tra.
Mr FOOTE. Idonotknow why we should
attach very much impoitance to precedents m this
mafer. All must be aware that it is the duty of
the Government to take care of these tei 1 itoiita,
and provide such legislation as will give them ^e-
cuiitv and protection, and ail proper fanhiiLR for
rapiu" advancement. Good roads are veiy^impor-
tsnt for this purpose, and 1 think it is not heee.->sary
for us to know what Congress has done lur these
important pui poses. Certain L is, that the expla-
nation of the Senator from Illinois is, to my nund,
petfectly satisfactory, i foroneam ptep^rtu to vote
for it, and would be wiHm? to paws a 1-oger one if
it had received the sancuon of die House of Rep-
resentatives. I have heard no solid reasons ad-
vanced why this measure should not ptevatl ; and
i trust that under all the circumstances of the
case, all further obstructions to the bill will be with-
drawn, and that the hill may be allowed to pass.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. This is not an appro-
priation for the Territory of Minnesota alone,
