254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jciii. 80,
Mr. SWEETSER. I appeal to the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Fitch] to state the circum-
stances under which it was offered.
Mr. PITCH (Mr. G. farther yielding) said, as
he had stated yesterday, he had not understood the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] as asking a
matter of grace from the committee, but the gen-
tleman had asked the committee to adopt his con-
struction. That responsibility the committee were
not willing to assume. Therefore, they had di-
rected the gentleman to report the resolution to the
House. It was not because they entertained doubts
as to the proper construction of the law, but be-
cause'those doubts were entertained by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] who wished
those doubts to be passed upon by the House.
Mr. GREEN (resuming) said, very well. The
majority of the committee, it was admitted, had
no doubt as to the construction of the law. How
had the resolution come before the House? One
of the committee had some scruples which seemed
to have grown out of the peculiar manner in which
the late Congressional canvass had been conducted
in his district. Be those scruples whatever they
might be, they could not change the character of
the law under which the gentleman was sworn to
discharge his duty. The House were called upon
by this resolution to do what* .Not to say what
was right or wrong upon the question of mileage—
not to say whether it was proper or improper to
change upon the usually traveled route. If this
were the question, he had no doubt thatthis House
would consider it as statesmen, enlightened with
reference to the interests of the country. But the
present was strictly a question of law. The law
was explicit. It provided that members of Con-
gress should be paid eight dollars for every twenty
miles travel in going and returning from the Capi-
tol by the " most usual road."
The gentleman came 111 with a resolution and
asked the House tu s<ty that the mileage should
not be reckoned upon the " most usual road," but
upon the "nearest mail route.This law, thus
explicit and direct in its terms, had been passed
in accordance with that provision of the Constitu-
tion which declared that "The Senators and Rep-
resentatives should receive a compensation for
their services, to be ascertained by Jaw," not by res-
olution of one House. In pursuance of that pro-
vision of the Constitution, Congress in 1818 had
passed a law, which w.as still in force.
Mr. SWEETSER (the floor being yielded) said
he did not intend to submit to the charge that
this was a resolution of the rhinority of the com-
mittee. The chairman of the committee had stated
that the committee had directed him to report the
resolution. Whenever he (Mr. S.) should desire
to make a minority report, he would bring it for-
ward as a minority report. The gentleman from
Missouri, he trusted, was too well acquainted with
the courtesies of debate to place him m a false po-
sition.
Mr. GREEN said it should be his effort not to
place the gentleman in an unpleasant position. He
only wished the gentleman to stand in that posi-
tion in which the facts placed him.
As he had before remarked, the mileage of mem-
bers was fixed by law. Was there room for rea-
sonable doubt as to the fair meaning and intent of
the law? If riot, then this resolution called upon
the House to do what? To affirm a legal false-
hood. If a bill were brought in to change the
law, and good reasons offered to him that H should
be changed, he would most cheerfully concur with
gentlemen in the change; but while the law stood,
to ask the House to declare a legal falsehood, and
put a construction on the law which its language
would not bear, was asking too much.
Mr. SWEETSER. A legal falsehood !
Mr. GREEN. Yes. Your resolution proposes
that the Mileage should be computed on the near-
est mail route, while the law says, in express
terms, the usually traveled route. The resolu-
tion (continued Mr. G.) might be necessary for
the gentleman's purposes at home, but this did nor
alter the law. Its construction was easy, simple,
$nd plainly intelligible to a child who understood
the force of the English language. As an evidence
of its simplicity he had but to refer to the uniform
action of the House for the last thirty years. The
law during that whole time had been administered i
according to its letter. Nor had this construction |
been confined exclusively to the House; it had !
$lso been applied to the members of the Senate. '
And the compensation of members of Congress
could never be changed except by law.
A few words in reference to the application and
administration of the law. The Committee on
Mileage had been raised for the purpose of ascer-
taining a matter of fact—of ascertaining the dis-
tance which members traveled from their resi-
dences to the seat of Government. It was not the
duty of the committee to fix the compensation of
members; when a member of that committee un-
dertook to do this he traveled beyond the sphere
of his authority and duty. It was a very simple
matter of arithmetic to ascertain the distances
when the committee were informed what were the
usually traveled routes. This information, and
this alone—differing from the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown]—he thought it was
proper foi the committee to receive from the mem-
bers.
One word in exculpation of himself. The pre-
amble was very brief. He would do the gentle-
man from Ohio the justice to say, he presumed it
was not his intention to 'embrace him, (Mr. G.,)
for if the gentleman would look at his reply to the
committee, he would find that it stated the facts.
Mr. SWEETSER said a word in explanation,
which was lost to the reporter.
Mr. GREEN said he understood the gentle-
man's explanation to be, that the pieamble did not
apply to all the members, although its language
embraced all.
Mr. SWEETSER stated that he was not re-
sponsible for the preamable, for it had been drawn
by another member of the committee. Some of
the answers were indefinite. He had avoided
going into those answers, and making invidious
distinctions.
Mr. GREEN replied that the gentleman had
charged the members of the House with derelic-
tion of duty. To avoid invidious distinctions he
had included them all m the same sweeping charge.
Mr. GREEN having concluded—
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, appealed to
the gentleman from Virginia to withdraw the
motion, to allow him to make a remark, pledging
himself to renew the motion.
Mr. BAYLY assented.
Mr. THOMPSON said that the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] having explained and re-
explamed his preamble, seemed rather to admit that
it was a reflection upon the House, and had taken
shelter behind what he considered another reflec-
tion upon the House. The gentleman had said
that the limitation of stationery to thirty-five dol-
lars for each member for the long session, was a
reflection upon gentlemen, and had defended ^his
preamble on the principle that if a man took one
insult he whould take another. That rule, it was
well known, was passed under peculiar circumstan-
ces. It was intended as a reflection upon one
member of the House, and every gentleman knew
it. There was not even a division of the House
upon it.
Mr. SWEETSER asked if the rule was in-
tended to operate upon the members of the Con-
gress which passed it, or upon the succeeding
Congresses ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that it was intended
for the new members, but they had not known
who were coming after them.
But the gentleman from Ohio (he continued) had
said the construction placed upon the law had
been a fraud. That members who had received
mileage, under the law and under the construction
put upon it for the last thirty yeais, had been
guilty of a fraud upon the law and upon the coun-
try. He asked the House whether the charge did
not come back with more force upon the gentle-
man from Ohio himself than upon those honorable
men who had goue before him ? He (Mr. T.) did
not envy that man who could now, in the lace of
day, cast a wholesale reflection upon the members
of all the preceding Congresses for the last thirty
years; who boldly asserted that all the Vice Presi-
dents, all the Speakers, all the members of the
Senate, and all the members of the House, for the
last thnty yea'-s, embracing every variety of char-
acter as well as the very best men of which this
land could boast, and he believed some of the
purest as well as the greatest men who had ever
walked the face of the earth, had been guilty of a !
fraud upon this law. The gentleman it was who j
now came forward to cast reflections upon all I
those who had gone before him. He (Mr. T.)
would make no further comments upon this sub-
ject. The gentleman himself would feel in his
own breast that the reflection came back upon
himself. The gentleman could not cast that stain
upon those who had gone before him.
He concluded by renewing the demand for the
previous question, inaccoidance with his pledge to
Mr. Bayly.
Mr. BOWDON said, if it was in order he would
move that the House resolve itself* into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY said he had designed to make this
motion as soon as this question was disposed of.
If the gentleman insisted upon it now, he should
ask the House to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the joint resolution from the Senate, limiting
the expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms for the present fiscal year. But he was of
opinion that this mileage question might as well
first be disposed of.
The questioit was taken and decided m the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union,
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question—
Mr. SCHENCKappealed to the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. THOMPSON said, having made the mo-
tion in compliance with his pledge to the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] he did not feel
at liberty to withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK addressed his appeal to Mr.
Bayly.
Mr. BAYLY declined to withdraw the motion
for any purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK sent to the Speaker's table a
proposition, which was read by general consent
for information, and which Mr. S. gave notice of
his intention to offer if the previous question should
be voted down. It was in substance to le-commit
the whole subject to the Committee on Mileage,
with instructions to inquire into and ascertain
whether any amendment was necessary to the ex-
isting law to make the mileage system more just
and equal; and if so, that the committee report by
bill otherwise.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and by ayes 77, noes 64,
there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The SPEAKER stated what was the state of
the question before the House,
When Mr. ASHMUN moved that the whole
subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. CARTER asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question was taken on the said motion
and decided in the affirmative.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
EXPENSES OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. BAYLY moved the rules of the House be
suspeuded, and that the House resolve itself into
: Committee of the Whole on the state of the
1 Union.
Mr. B. gave notice that the object of the motion
was, that the committee should take up the
joint resolution from the Senate limiting the ex-
pense of collecting the revenue from customs for
the present fiscal year.
Washington's farewell address.
Mr. STEPHENS, of.Georgia, requested Mr.
Bayly^o waive his motion to enablehim (Mr. S.)
to move that the House proceed to the consideia-
tion of business on the Speaker's table, with a
view to obtain final action on the joint resolution
from the Senate (pending at the hour of adjourn-
i ment yesterday) in relation to the purchase'of the
manuscript farewell address of General Washing-
i ton.
Mr. BAYLY insisted on his motion.
. EXPENSES OP COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
The question was then taken on the motion of
| Mr. Bayly, arid was decided in the affirmative.
; So the House decided that it would go into
i Committee of the Whole on the state of the
I Union.
