1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
nor is it a donation to fter. The United States
hold ihe great, body of the lands in the Territory,
and have fndian agencies and military posts scat-
tered throughout the Territory. It is neccssary
to have communication to these posts, which will
mduue from the Falls of St. Anthony, where the
Government has iarge stores for the supply of
troops, and for these stations. These supplies
have to he transported to the different posts, at a
heavy expense to the Government. Upon the
score of dollars and cents, in supplying these in-
terior stations and Indian agencies and posts, this
will bea matter of economy. I have been over
this country, and I know there is not a worse dis-
ti ict of country than that over which it ia pro-
posed to run these roads.
The hill was then reported to the Senate, and
the question was on ordering the bill to a third
reading-.
Mr. BADGER. I prefer that the bill should
not be read a thfrd time to-day. I therefore object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears to the
Chair that the reading of the bill cannot be defeated
in its present stage by an objection. It has been
already engrossed, and is entitled to be read upon
the decision of a rmijonty of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I move then that the subject
be postponed till Monday.
The question being taken, there were ayes 22,
noes 16
So the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned.
WIDOW OF GENERAL M(NEIL.
On the motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 173, being "a bill for
the relief of E. A. McNeil, widow of General
John McNeil."
Mr. KING. Is there no explanation of the
purposes of the bill to be given by the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions, or the gentleman
who called it up?
Mr. HALE. The bill was reported by the
Committee on Pensions, and the committee in-
structed me, when it was reported, to move for its
consideration at that time. I did so; but, as it
required the unanimous consent of the Senate, and
as it was objected to, it was not then considered.
The bill has lain on the table some months, and
I thought it was time to call it up.
Mr. KING. 1 wish to hear that part of the
report read which relates to the amount of the
pension.
That portion of the report was accordingly read,
which proposed,to give to the widow of General
McNeil a pension ror five years. •
Mr. KING. I feel that the task of opposing
bills of this description is a very ungracious one.
This bill, however, is different from any that we
have yet acted upon. We have placed the widow
of General Worth upon the pension list by special
act of Congress, he dying in the service. This
gentleman, however, (General McNeil,) whom I
knew well, and whom I esteemed most highly,
was not in the service at the time he died. He was
a civil officer under the Government, and had been i
for many years; and it appears to me that this is
opening a new door and establishing a new prece-
dent, and one which heretofore has never been
acted upon by Congress; and I should like if some
gentleman who takes an interest in this case would
undertake to show whether there ever has been any
circumstance, since the formation of the Government
and the pension system commenced and was carried
on, simtUr in its features to this. The pension
system began on a very limited scale, and went on
step by step. It was first confined to those who
had received wounds in the service; then to revo-
lutionary officers; then to their widows; and then
to those who had married officers or soldiers after
the war; and so, step by step, we have gone on,
till ultimately we have granted pensions to those
who happened todte of disease while in the service.
And now, we are asked to go a step fuither, and
give a pension to the widow of one who wa3 not
in the service at the time he died. I grant you,
sir, that he was a distinguished military officer, and
that few men have heen more deserving of the good
will of their country; yet I cannot see, for my life,
why we should give a pension to the widows of
all persons who may have served the Government
in any capacity, civil or military, because, like
other men* they die in the course of nature.
Mr. President, I know that it must appear very
ungracious in any Senator to make opposition to
bills of this kind, because there is a generous feel-
ing of kindness and sympathy towards the widow
that forbids gentlemen to look at a question of
this sort as they ought to look at if, and as they
would look at it but for these feelings. I have
nothing more to say, sir.
The bill was reported to the Sen^f?.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the order of the day, being the bill for (he ad-
mission of California as a Slate into the Union, to
establish Territorial Governments for Utah and
i New Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for
the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries.
Mr. BELL resumed the speech which he com-
menced on Wednesday and continued on Friday,
and spoke to-day for upwards of two and a half,
hours in conclusion.
Mr. SMITH next obtained the door and said:
Mr. Piesident, I hnve some views with regard to
this subject which I desire to present to the Senate.
I am, however, very reluctant to occupy the time
of the Senate at this advanced period of the dis-
cussion, and at tlTis late period of the s^sion. I
wish to suggest to the honorable chairman of the
select committee, who has charge of this bill, that
if he can bring- the Senate to the determination of
making a final disposition of the bill on Monday,
I will forego the privilege of addressing the Senate.
But if the discussion is to be continued for some j
days to come—as I am very apprehensive it will I
be—I think it is not unreasonable for me to occupy j
a portion of the time of the Senate. I make this 1
suggestion, for 1 do not wish to have the icspon- j
sibilify of protracting this discussion for any con- i
srderahle period of time. 1 feel, and I have felt '
for a long time, Mr. Piesident, that this question
ought to be brought to an issue in this body, and
that there ought to be a final disposition of this |
bill. 1 have understood that there are a considera-
ble number of Senators, some of whom have
already addressed the Senate several times upon
this subject, who desire to speak again; and ap-
prehending that thedtscussion may be continued in
spite of any effort made by the honoiable Senator,
and whatever may be my views upon the subject,
not having addressed the Senate, I hope it will
not be considered unreasonable for me to lay my
views before the Senale.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator give
way to a motion to postpone this subject, with a
view to into executive session ?
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator give way for a
moment? The Senator from Connecticut has made
an appeal to me to ascertain at what time the de-
cision of this question shall be mafle; or, lather,
he has said that if it can be made on Monday he
will forego his remarks, i wish that I could say so;
but if I were to make-* guess, I should sf\y at some
time between now and Christmas. [Laughter.]
As to fixing any day, it is utterly impossible.
There are three or four amendments yet to be dis-
posed of. i think gentlemen might better let them j
he disposed of before they went into the argument.
Whattione they will take up, I cannot state. I think
there are some half dozen who wish to speak—
some not quite certain, some absolutely certain;
and, taking that in view, I really think we might
get the question at some time by going on; but at
what time I really do not know.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after some time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 8, 1S50.
The Journal of Saturday was read.
Mr. COLE rose and inquired how his name
was recorded upon the motion made on Saturday
hy the gentleman from New York [Mr. Conger]
to lay the appeal of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] on the table?
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman's
name was not recorded.
Mr. COLE said he had voted in the ntgative,
and asked to be so recorded.
No objection being made, the Journal waa
amended, and as amended was approved.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STRONG said he was instructed by the
Committee on Elections to report the following
resolution:
The SPEAKER. It will be read to the House:
Resolved, That the testimony taken, nn.1 the exhibits suh-
miut:d,in tlio matter of the contested election in the fourth
congressional district of,Pennsylvania, tie printed for the
use of the Committee on Elections.
jj Mr. BURT inquired of the Speaker, whether
this resolution was a matter of prior privilege to
the business in which the House was engaged at
the last adjournment? He remembered, when that
report (on the Galphin case) came m, the Speaker
had declared it to be a matter of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair held it to be a
privileged question, not a question of privilege. In
the opinion of the Chair this resolution is in order.
The question is upon its adoption.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WALDO,
Ordered, Thai leave be granted for withdrawing from the
files oHhe House, of the papers relating to the claim ot Mrs.
Catharine Bhven, foi the purpose of reference to the Pension
Office.
POSTAGE.
Mr CONGER asked the unanimous consent to *
offer the following resolution:
Whereas, the Committee on the Poet Office and Post
Roads have not reported a hill for the reduction or postage
and proposi< g other reform^ in the piesent postage
hut have hc l«'cted to rt poit the Mime until the session of
Congress has to ia"r advanced thai ihfre is icason to f< ar
theie will not he time fin the at mm ot this House, unless
such lull Mi;«U be reported immediate)) ; therefore he it
Resolved, That the C«>minmee on the Post Office and
Post Ko.ids he, and they hereby are, instructed to report to
tins} Hou-5«- immediately, a lull to abolish the fiankmg pav-
ile^c, an '■ lor the reduction ot'postage to the uniform rate,
when prepaid, ol two cents on letters weighing no more
than one l„ili ounce cach, ami five ceftts when not prepaid ;
al.«.o piovnhng, that all ntw>papf:rs within the county of
their publication, or the duianee ot thif^' miles of the place
ot publication, may be received through the mails, by actual
sub^cribeis, hee of postage.
Mr. CONGER inquired if it was in order to
move a suspension of the rules to enable him to
offer the resolution?
The SPEAKER replied, that it was not in order,
the House having now before them the special
order of the day.
THE GALPHIN CASE.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, called for the special
oider.
The SPEAKER. The special order is the con-
sideration of the report of the select committee on
the Gaf[>hirt case.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. Would
it not be m ordei to move to postpone the special
order for one hour, to clear the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER.. It would not be in order, for
the reason, that the Hous^e arenow acting under
the previous question, which cuts off all motions
to postpone.
SLAVERY AMENDMENT OF CONSTITUTION;
Mr. DANIEL asked the unanimous consent to
offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The special order has been
called for. The gentleman from North Carolina
cannot offer his resolution except by the unanimous
consent.
Mr. DANIEL. I am aware of that. I ask the
unanimous consent. The resolution was read for
information:
Resolved, hy the Senate and House ofRcjn esentoiives of the
Untied St ites. of JJmen ira hi Cmgi esi dssaiihltd, (two thirds
of both Hou&es concurring.) That the following amendment
of the Coiiftituuon of the United states be proposed to the
Legislatures ol the several States, which, when ratified by
three fourths theieof, shall be a part of the said Constitution : _
That the lifth article of the sa.d Constitution be amended
by adding to the same, at the end theieoljthe words, u Jind
prondcd also, that no amendment shall be made, the object
or tendency of which is to abolish, or m any way affect, the
institution ot slavery in any State, without the concurrence
of all the States in which such institution may exist."
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
So the resolution was not received.
RESOLUTION DAY.
Mr. PRESTON KiNG rose to a question of
order. Pie called the attention of the Chair to the
26th rule, and asked that it be read. He insisted
that the tegular business was the call of the States
for resolutions.
The rule was read:
