1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
" AN the States shall be called for resolutions on each
alternate Monday during each session of Oongiess; and, if
necessary to secme this objeet on said days, ail resolutions
winch shall mve rise to debate,shall lie over for discussion,
under the rules of the House already established ; and the
whole of said days shall he appropriated to lesolutioris, un-
til all the States and Territories are called through." ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that j
it would be irr order to call the States for resolu- ,
tions, if there were not a special order pending on i
other business, which would take precedence of j
the regular order under the rule. TheChair would j
state to the ^enileman from New York and to the i
House, that the rules prescribe a regular mode for
the transaction of business, not only Monday, but
every day, and'the rules are equally peremptory
with reference to the order of business for the other i
days of the week; but a special order gives prece- j
dence over the order established by the rules of the i
House. I
Mr. PRESTON KING. The point I make is, j
that this is a direct peremptory rule of.the House, j
which must be enforced, unless it is suspended; i
that the special order does not suspend the rule, \
but gives precedence to that order over other bust- j
r.ess of the same chamcter, on those days when ;
that business is in order.
The SPEAKER. The error into which the .
gentleman from New York has fallen, is, that the ,
special order is not a suspension of the rule. ;
Mr. PRESTON KING, (interposing.) I say i
it is not, unless the rule is suspended, to receive ;
the special order.
The SPEAKER. This rule was suspended,
together with all the rules m reference to the order \
of business, before the special order couid be made; j
and when a special order is thus made under a |
suspension of the rules, it takes precedence over ;
business provided for by the rule. I
Mr. KiNG inquired whether any suspension
of the rules had been made to make the special :
order?-—affirming that theie had been no suspen-
sion. He mqi^ed whether it was not in order to
move a special order without a suspension of the :
rules? |
The SPEAKER. Clearly not. ;
Mr. KiiNG. I appeal from the decision. j
Mr. JONES moved to lay the appeal on the ;
table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York raises the point of order, that by the twenty- ,
sixth rule it is piovided that upon each alternate 1
Monday the States shall be called for resolutions;
and that under this rule it is the duty of the Chair
to-day to call the States for resolutions. The
Chair decides that this rule, like the other rules ;
providing: for the regular Older of business, is sus- ;
pended by the operation of the special order, which |
special order is made under a suspension of the i
rules of ih* House; that a special order, thus made, 1
takes precedence of the order of business provided
by the rules of the House, (this rule among oth-
ers.) From this decision the gentleman from New
York appeals: and the question bems: "Shall
the decision of the Chair Maud as the judgment of ■
the House'" the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] moves to lay the appeal on the fable.
Mr. KAUFVJAN wished to propound a ques-
tion to the Chair: Wnether, in addiuon to the
special order, there was not a motion of reconsid-
eration pending—being on the last vote taken Sat-
urday, and whether that motion, being of a privi-
leged nature, would not take piecedence of the
regular business prescribed by the rule?
The SPEAKER replied that that was a privi- ■
leged question, but it partook of the character of ,
the other business, and was dependent upon it. I
Mi. TUCK inquired whether there had been
any practice of the House, m accordance with the ■
decision of the Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the prac- 1
tice has been invariable.
Mr. TUCK. In this Congress, or in the last
Congress ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, during
the present Congress. The Chair (he added,) has
ruled upon private bill day that a special order
takes precedence; though the rule is peremptory
which yets apart certain days for the consideration
of private bills: and on Monday he has ruled that
a special order takes precedence of the business
pruvided by the rule.
The question was taken and decided in the af- ,
firmatne, without a count.
feo the appeal was laid on the table.
THE HEALTH OF THE CITY.
Mr. VENABLE asked the unanimous consent
to offer a resolution, which he said had relation
to the health of the city.
The resolution was read for information as fol-
lows:
Rpsohfpr}, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to imjmie whether the present condition
of the canal in jhis city does not endanger the health of the
city; and if so, to ascertain and recommend the best means
for preventing the evil.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could only
be entertained by general consent.
Mr. JONES objected.
THE GALPHIN CASEi
The SPEAKER, again announced the special
order of the day—the report of the select commit-
tee on the Galphin case.
[The pending questions had arisen in the follow-
ing manner:
Mr. Bttrt had reported from the select com-
mittee the following resolutions:
1-t. Rewired, That the claim of the representatives of jj
G'-orge Gylphm was not a jiu-t demand against the United j!
Slates. |j
2d. Resolved, That the set of Congress made if the duty j;
of Hi** Secretary of the Treasmv to pav the principal of paid jj
claim, and it wa« therefore paid " in confoimity with law" j
and 11 precedent *' \,
3d-. Re*o!re'h Tiiat the act aforesaid did not authorize the !i
Secretary of rho Trea-nry to pay interest on said claim, and
its pawnent was not '■ in conformity with law" or <■ prece-
dent."
To these resolutions, Mr. Toombs had moved
an amendment, and Mr. Schenck an amendment
to the amendment—both of which had been voted
down on Sa'imlay.
Mr. SrrtENcK hod further moved, as a substi-
tute for Mr. ISi-rt's resolutions, the following:
Resolved. That (here i« no evidence MilwMted bv f!-,<•' com-
mittee to whom via* referred the lettei of Gere<re W. Craw-
foid. a*kni:r il an -tlcali^n" into ins conduct m rf Ter-
ence TO tin* f l.inn of the i« pr  senUuves of Oeortre G.ilphin,
whi< h unt'iitn hi< personal or ofti>-ia! conduct in rehtmn to
the settlement of the claim by the proper officersof the Gov-
ernment,
Prond'di howa er, Thftt this TTou^e is not to he undristoo.i
a-5 auprovinsr he* leia'um to that claim, in continuing to he
mtere-ted in the pro-ecntion of it wh"n it was to he ex-
amined. ;id]i!-it d. and [.aid hv one of the dep.n tmerit' of the
G ivPinmPiit il" iniiHf If hein« at the s;mie tone of the head
of another of ihoc.p paitments but the House considers 'hat
Mich connection and interest ot a member of the Cabinet
u ith a chum pcndinir and piosj-cut^d befbie another depart-
ment, would be datigeious as a precedent, and ought not to
be sanctioned.
And Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, had mov^d
to amend the substitute by adding at the end
thereof as follows:
<• And con-eqtientlv thaf the House aNo totally dissents
from the correetne-s of the opinion expie««ed hv the Pres-i-
dent of the UuMP'l S'ates to the Secretary of W<ir, 'that
- Ins (the -said Crawford) heme at the head of the War De-
'pirttnenr. aed the n-^ent of !he claimant*, (I'd not take
'from him any rsi'lit- he mav have had as mic!i a>ient, or
' would have jnctifi. d him in havm« the cxaniiuatiori and
< decis'on of the cLnnn hv the Secretary ol the Treasury
' mi,-pended.5
"Revolted, farther, That this House decidedly disap-
proves of, and n'« from, tlse opinion given by t!io At-
torney Gene :il in lavor of an allow,nice of interest on -.aid
claim, and fiom the fiction of the Secretary of the Treasury
in payment of the same."]
The SPEAKER, said, the last vote taken on
Saturday last was on agreeing to the first.branch
of the amendment ofleied by the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] to the amend-
ment oflVied hy tho gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck ] The House concurred in the first |
branch; a motion was made to rccousidei the vote |
by which that branch of the amendment had been <
agreed to ; and a motion was made to lay the mo- .!
Uon to reconsider on the table, and on that ques- '
don the yeas and # nays were oidered. Upon the ■
, motion to lay on the table, the gentleman from ;
i Ohio [Mr. Schenck] asked to be excuscd from :
j voting, and on that motion the yeas and nays had '
: been ordered. The question is, first on the mo- 1
j tiosi to excuse the gentleman from Ohio from ||
j voting. ;j
i Mr. SCHENCK rose and said he would with- j;
draw th>; motion, having made up his mind to vote il
against it (a lauxh) if it were ptcssed to a vote. j
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to pre- !■
serve order, and stated that the complicate nature ^
of these qtiestions rendered it necessary flint order
j should be restored in the Hall, that members
; m«£?ht vo'e understandingly.
| Mr. MOUSE rose to a question of order, and
: inquired if a gentleman could withdraw a motion
! after the yeas and nays wefe ordered r
t The SPEAKER. , Unquestionably.
" Mr. MIXXSON inquired of the Chair, in case
this resolution were reconsidered, and a subsequent
motion were made to lay on the table -that por-
tion of the amendment which should have been
reconsidered, if the motion to lay on the table
would carry the whole subject with it?
The SPEAKER, it would carry the whole
subject to the table. If the motion to reconsider
prevailed, the question would immediately recur
upon agreeing to that branch of the amendment,,
and the House would be in precisely the same
position in reference to the question in which it
was when the vote was Originally taken.
Mr. MILLSON asked whether, if the vote upon
that portion of the amendment should be reconsid-
ered, a motion could not be made to postpone in-
definitely that portion of the amendment without
postponing the whole subject?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion to
postpone indtfiniteiy would not be in older m ref-
erence to any part, and it would now be out of
order in reference to^ the whole subject, as the pre-
vious question cut off all motions to postpone.
The question, he addeU, was upon the motiun to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the first branch of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Mississippi had been agi eed
to.
The question was then taken and resulted—
yeas 99, nays 91; as follow:
YEAtv—Mosis. Aherfcon, Ashe, Aveiett, Bav, Bayly,.
: lii^M'll, lluoih, Bowl in, Boyd, Albeit (*. I'.iow n, Wniiaio J.
1 Brown, BueL Jus < ph Cai)b\G. A Cai .welhL'ariM, Cl'-vt-
! land, W. it 'W. Cobb, Coleoi.k, Da',ieirL'iuinm;k. Di-uey,
i Dunham, Du^Kee, Edmuiid-on, FedUieision^Fiti:!', (JtirVj.
Guniore, Connao, Ha1!, Hamilton, ll.mmiomi, thtr<il-ouy
Jlriilaii, I-hatn G. licitri>, Srimpfeon V\ . Ham-, Thomas L.
IX«i<ri<, llihb.ird, Huliada), Howard, Huhbuid, Inge, Joseph
\V. JiU k- on, Audi• w Johnson, ltoht rt W. Johnson, J' n«.ar
Julian, Kuuhnau, Pre=tou Kmc, Li . Litthi, Litik-
liei'i, J,)l> ft] inn, McCh rnana, McUoweil, MeLan:than?
Ah Q, i>jeu, Mi W line, M, „de, M hei, Milis^n, Moms,
M..i Moitou, Old.-, Oir, Ovv(.iij P.uk  r, Pi-a-k-e, P«-ck,
I'll, \\i-~, P aioi, P.nvi 11, Itich.ud-on, UohHi.-<ni, Riss,Sav-
Saw telle, ddon, Fridertck P. ctanton, KjumkI rl 
ai.toii A. II. Stephen.., St  t-on, rtinmw, Swte^ei, Jacob
T.."iiij.-oii, j.mii'b Tiiompsi n To(.mb->; Venable, \V<tlden?
VV.iido, W,.It ice, Wehhi.iii, W'.ntuoith, Wildnck, Wil-
moi. Wood, Wi odwaid,and Youn^—i9
Mf-siN Ah Xtiudi r. All n, Andrew--, Baker, Ben-
nett li kee, Breck, Brook**, Buriovvs, Cin ?lm But-
1 ici. Tiiomas B. i uner, C. Caiieil, Jo~( ph P. Catd\v«'!J,
Calvin, Campbeh, Cam y, Chai.dhi, Claik. , Chniiman,
C«ih , Conner, Convin, ( r-well, L)ei i rrv, Uukiy, l).x«n ,
: Doty. Duer, Dunean, Nathan Esans, *P«>wier, Fueuley,.
i Gentry, Oiddinsis, Gott, Gould, Grumes), Si.tllowa), Hanip-
! ton, lias, H- hard, tieuiy, Hilluird, Ilou&ion, Houv, Hunter,
! Will,am T. Jaek-on^ J;imes L. Johi^on, Kert, Daniel P.
; King, G' orge G. King, Janu^G King, John A. Kina, Hoi ace
M'Uiu, Mai shall, xVluUcsson, McGaugiu > ,Mc vi.-mk k. Moorey
N«:i.-on, N"\*.ell, Ogle, Outlaw, Pitman, Puoiam, ltce-ir
lleynolds, Ridley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ruu.se>, Sackett,
Hehenck, Sen nnethorn, Schoolciatt, Sheppt-rd, Silvole*,
^paitiding, J?piauue, Stan!., 'f hadtieu> oti-ven-*, Thuttnan,
'Puck, i'nd<jiiJill, Va.i Dyke, Vinton, White, Wniiauia, and
VVinthrnp—91.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
tab.'e.
[Air. Anderson having paired off, was cxcused
from voting.]
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
second bianch of the amendment of Mr. Thomp-
son, of Mississippi.
The SPEAKER satd the amendment would be
reported so soon as order had been restored in the
Hal),
After a pause—
The second branch of the amendment was read>
as follows:
''Reivlvcd, further, That this House decidedly dis-ap-
nrove-j of, hpd di-senN trotn, the opinion given hy tl.M At-
torney General in lavor oi an allowance oi interest on said
claim, and tioin tiie action ot tue jSe* reutiy ot the Treasury
in payment of the sanio claim in tlas,* 
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 119, nays G6 ; as follow:
YEAH—AUuii t>on, Alexander, Alien, Ashe, Avtr-
ett, Bay, Bi->eJI, Booth, Bowdon. Bo'Alm, Bojd, Bngg<,
Brooks, 'Albert G. Blown, William J. Bniwn, Bui-1, Burt,
Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Cartter, Ch veiand, W K.
W. Cobb, Colceck, Cole, Congei, Coi win, Daniel, Dickey,
Dunmick, Disnev, Doty, Dunham, DuiKea5 EduiinuKon,
.Ewuijr. Featlier^lon, Fitch, Fowler, G< ny, Giddmg-, Gil-
uiore, Gorman, Gott. (iuuid, IL'tll, ilamihon, Hanimond,
H.iralVon, Hailan, Jsham G. Ham-, S. W. Ham^, T. L.
Hirrn, Hehbard, Hibbard, Hohaday, Holmes, Huhbaid,
Hunter, J. W. Jackson, Andrew Johiwon, Jones, Julian,
Kaufman, Preston King, La^eic, L< ffier, Link field, Job
Mann, Mason, McCleinand, MeLamihan, McCiueen, Mc-
Willie, MtAde, Mill' r, Mill-on, Morrw, Morse, Morton,
Newell, Olds, On, OiVfii, Pat ker, P< aslee, Peck, Phelps,
potter, Powell, Richardson, Kobm-on, Root, Rose, Ross,
Savage, Sawteiie, rteddon, Silvester, F. P. Stanton, R. H.
Stanton, A. H. Stepiu n , Stetson, iStiong, Sweetser, Jacob
Thompson, James Thninpsoti^ ! oomhs. Van Dj ke, Venable,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, Wildnck,
Wilmor, Wood, Woodward, and Young—119.
