256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30.
true, for prompt payment the sheriffs are allowed
seven and a half percent, upon the land and prop-
erty tax, but the additional two and a half per
rent, is in the nature of an insurance upon the col-
lection; and to secure it the sheriffs are compelled
in most instances to advance the taxes and depend
upon collections for reimbursement. I presume a
greater amount is not paid in other States. Yet
their system of taxation is by a direct tax; and we
know that a leading argument in favor of indirect
taxes has always been, that from the fact thatthey
are received in large sums, and at few places, they
can be collected at less expense.
But in looking into the matter I have not
stopped with the cost of collecting the revenue by
direct taxation in the States. During, and just
after the war with Great Britain, we had a direct
tax under theGeneral Government. The expense
of collecting: it in 1816, when the net receipts were
only §3,560,651, was 5 3-16 percent.
Nor have I stopped here. I have examined the
English documents. Th$r system of collecting
revenue by customs is more analagous to ours than
any other. The per rentage which the collection
of the customs in the United Kingdom cost in the
year ending the 5th of January, 1848—the last re-
turns which we have.—was 5 19-20. For Great
Britain alone 54 ; and excluding Ireland,Scotland,
and the small islands, where the revenue collected
is comparatively small, and where the preventive
force to guard against smuggling must be large,
the per centage is less than 5; and take/London
alone, where the great amount of duties are col-
lected, it is less than 3. For many years prior
to 1848 the cost of collection was about the
same. But to appreciate this comparison prop-
erly we must sdvert to other facts. The United
Kingdom has a larger sea-coast than we have.
Her sea-coast, including the smaller adjacent
isles, is three thousand five hundred geograph-
ical miles. Our Atlantic coast is one thousand
five hundred, exclusive of our islands, most of
which, from the shallowness of the water between
them and the main land, cannot be said to have
properly more than one side of sea-coast. The
only important one is Long island; and to measure
all sides of it, would only increase the length about
one hundred and twenty miles. Our Gulf coast is
one thousand two hundred miles, and our Pacific
one thousand one hundred; alt9gether, three thou-
sand eight hundred miles—exceeding the English
sea-coast but three hundred miles. California and
Oregon are mostly uninhabited; and in view of the
argument 1 am now prosecuting, viz: as to the
necessity of a preventive force to obstruct smug-
gling, it may be thrown out of the estimate. Do
so, and include our lake frontier and our exposure,
and that of England would not vary a great deal,
as far as the length of sea-coast is concerned.
Mr. BROOKS, (Mr. Bayly yielding the floor for
an interrogatory.) Do I understand the gentleman
from Virginia to assert that the coast of Great
Britain and Ireland is as extensive as that of the
United States, and therefore, that it is as easy to
collect the revenue here as there ?
Mr. BAYLY. I do.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, and let that go to the
country. Why, the sea-coast of Maine alone is
over 1,000 miles,—and for proof, I appeal to the
delegation from Maine 1
Mr. BAYLY. I do not wish or mean to be dis-
courteous, but I must say the statement of the
gentleman is not only incorrect, but preposterous.
Why, sir, it is not 1,000 miles from the Capes of
Virginia to the northernmost port of Maine.
Mr. BROOKS. Did the gentleman from Vir-
ginia include the bays and other indentations in
his measurement?
Mr. BAYLY. I did not make the measurement.
I applied to Lieutenant Maury to measure the two
coasts for me. I applied to him, because I had the
greatest confidence in his science and accuracy;
and because 1 learned he had all the charts neces-
sary for the purpose, which I had not. EIis meas-
urement is along the general outlines from head-
land to headland, and is exclusive of bays, har-
bors, friths, creeks and other indentations in both
countries. And here i bejj to remark, that in this
respect the measurement is against us. Let any
one look at the maps, and they will see this, j
Nothing can be more indented and irregular than i
the coast of the United Kingdom, while ours is j
comparatively otherwise.
As far, therefore,as the extent of sea-coast is con- I
cerned, as large or even a larger preventive force
is necessary than with us. But this is not the
main consideration. The English tariff affords
the strongest inducement for smuggling. The
high duties, particularly upon tobacco,spirits, and
some other articles, make it necessary to keep up
the largest preventive force to prevent evasions of
the customs; while with us our tariff affords but
small comparative inducements to lead to it. There
publicsentiment-does not reprobate it as much as
here. The consequence is, in England the strong-
est preventive force in the form of cruisers, harbor
vessels, and what they call a land-guard, is neces-
sary. They are compelled to have a cordon of
officers constantly on the look-out, for which, with
us, there is no necessity. Besides this, their prox-
imity to the Continent increases this necessity on
their part. Any small vessel can, at any time, by
catching a favorable wind, run over almost unob-
served. But with us only large sea-going vessels
are employed in bringing cargoes across the At-
lantic; their advent is always noticed, and smug-
gling by them, under any circumstances, is difficult.
In such u case it is too easily detected and proved,
and then comes the penalty. Yet with all this ne-
cessity for a large preventive force upon theirpart,
they collect their revenue from customs at a little
more than one-half of what we are asked to ex-
pend.
Sir, this is all wrong. It ought to be correct-
ed ; and if Congress will back me, it shall be cor-
rected.
The great defect in the system is^ we pay
too high salaries to officers in the employ of the
General Government. This is the case as con-
nected with the customs, from the highest to the
lowest. We pay the collector of Boston $6,400;
which is double what any State officer of Massa-
chusetts receives. We pay the collector of New
York the same. The Governor, who is expected
to do the hospitalities of the State, receives $4,000.
The Chief Justice, who-must have the highest
professional attainments, receives but $3,000. So'
in Pennsylvania : the collector, $6,400 ; the Chief
Justice about $2,500, In Maryland, the collector
$6,400; the -Governor $2,000, and Chief Justice
$3,000. And when we descend from th'e collector
through every grade, we find the same irregularity
till we come to the very barge-men—oarsmen—
who, in New York, receive $600 per annum. The
rate of compensation for all employment under
the General Government is so much greater than
under the State Governments and in the private
walk3 of life, that ail eyes are turned here. The
tendency is to divert men from pr/^ate pursuits
(which are at last most honorable) and from em
pioyment under the State authoiities, to look here
—the great fountain of wealth and honor. This
increases the tendency of public opinion to regard
the States as inferior corporations, instead of in-
dependent sovereignties, and tends to centre every-
thing in the Federal head, and leads to consolida-
tion. This Government is the idol which every
aspirant worships. Besides this, it adds asperity
to our political contests. So far from there being
contests for principles, they are contests for place.
Bring down your Federal salaries to a grade equal
to that which prevails in our State Governments
and in private pursuits, and you will not only save
a vast amount of money to this Government, but
you will do what is moie—you svill reducc its
patronage, already much too great, and you will
have the public service better performed. I do
not doubt but that you can get a better collector
in New York for $3,000 than for $6,400. The j
one would take the office as a plain business man, <
to do its duties, and without ambitious or party ;
views. The other would seek it for its emolu- j
ments and political patronage. In the one case, '
it would be filled by a practical man of busi- J
ness ; in the other, by a managing politician. The i
character of each, under the one system or the j
other, would be stamped upon all under them. I
With not much more than half the expense, 1 1
maintain the cheap system would be the most j
efficient. I do not recommend that the salaries of J
those whose salaries are already low should be
reduced. By no means. I would strike at those
who receive the exorbitant salaries. I would <
harpoon the big fish, not the small.. I would fly i'
at high game.
{ know it is supposed that the Secretary of the
Treasury cannot touch these. It is said their
salaries are regulated by law. 1 do not concur in
this opinion. When the law of the 3d of March,
1849, passed, requiring the Treasury Department
to reduce the expenses of collecting the revenue to
$1,560,000, it necessarily gave the Secretary the
authority to do it. His discretion as to the mode
of reduction was unlimited. Suppose the salaries
of all of the officers of the customs had been fixed
by law, prior to the act of the 3d of March, 1849,
could it be said that, therefore, it was inoper-
ative ?—that the last law would be controlled
and nullified by those which had preceded it? I
do not know in what code of laws such rules of
construction arc to be found. Certainly in none
with which 1 am acquainted.
This brings me to the circular of the Secretary
of the Treasury. That circular, Mr. Chairman,
public duty requires me to say, i consider a pal-
pable violation of law. I do not wish to say
anything harsh of the Secretary of the Treasury.
My acquaintance with him is slight; hutsuch as it
is, has made a very favorable impression upon me
towards him personally. But public duty requires
me to express the opinion I entertain. The law
to which I have refened contemplated the reduc-
tion of the expense of collecting the revenue. Its
object is stamped, in letters too plain to be mis-
lead, upon its very face. It was to reduce the
expense of collecting the revenue. To relieve
whom? The Government alone ? By no means;
bixt^the country! 7^he Secretary, however, in
some cases, shifts the burden from the Govern-
ment to the shoulders of ihe merchant and im-
porter. By his circular, and without authority,
he has virtually increased the tariff, when, I am
quite sure, the country is not willing that Con-
gress shall do it, who alone have the power. I
am told he has lately issued a second, dismissing
many officers. f have not seen it, and cannot,
therefore, say a word about it. I am now speak-
ing of the first one issued. I repeat, the object of
the law of the 3d of March, 1849, was to reduce
the cost of collecting the revenue to ihe public;
and if it remain the same, whether it be paid by
the merchant or the Government, to that public
it makes no difference, for at last it has to bear
the burden. And the shifting it from one to the
other does not meet the object of the law.
Mr. SEDDON. Will my colleague and friend
inform me with whom the law of March, 1849,
originated ? I ask for information.
Mr. BAYLY. I take pleasure in answering
my friend. In opening the debate 1 had not in-
tended to refer to that. But as I anticipated that {
might be called upon to refer to it in reply, i am
prepared to answer his question. It was recom-
mended by Mr. Walker, late Secretary of the
[Treasury, as long ago as March, 1846. On the
i 16th of that month he wrote to the Committee of
Ways and Means this letter:
Treasury Department, March 16, 1846.
Sir : In my letter of the 2o'd ot February la-t to you, the
statement was made that the expense ot collecting the rev-
enue could be reduced £.337,864 below the expenditure of •
tire last fiscal year. To niaaie this result, i rt^pectlully re-
commend that a clause be incited tn the new tarift bill.
limning the, expenses of collecting the revenue under that
bill to a sum not exceeding .$.'l,520,00u.
The <um expended in collecting the revenue is now* al-
most exclusively within the discretion of the Secretary of
; the Treasury. The payments are frequently made merely
I upon hi-, written oider, without the intervention of those
, checks appertaining to the liquidation of other account*,
i and the payments are not regulated by specific appropna-
j lions made by law, as in otUei c,is.es. In my opinion the
' expenses incident to the collection ot the revenue should be
| regulated by specific impropriation?, and the pajmeuts made
\ subject to the checks applicable to the settlement of other
! accounts.
| Tins great reform can only be intiodueed by the legisla-
tion of Coug e-as; bin if you think proper to require the
cooperation of this department, it will be cheerfully granted.
Most respectfully, voiii obedient servant, j
R. J. "WALKEU, ^Secretary oj the Treasury.
Hon. Jamks J. iYIcK\y,
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Again: On the 25xh of May, 1846, he wrote the
following:
Treasury Department, May 23, ics46!
Sir: Having been informed bv you that the suggestions
made in my letter of the 16th ot March ta t, so tar as re-
quired the limitation of the expen.-es incident to the collec-
tion of the revenue, and the regulation of ihe same by law,
met the approbation ol the Committee of Ways and Mean-,
I enclose a provision for carrying these suggestion* into
effect.
This provision, it is believed, should be appended, as a
new section to ihe bill reported to the committee tor redu-
cing the duties on import*.
If that bill should not become a law, and the provisions of
the present tariff remain unaltered, the expenses incident to
the collection of Uie revenue, including drawbacks, fishing
