CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1850.
New Series No. 17.
bounties and allowance®, cannot, with «afety, be limited to
the sums now proposed by this dr pannreiit.
I am, very respectfully, tour obedient seivant,
It. J. WALKER, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon JamfsJ McKay,
Chairman of the Chmmitlee of Wnys and Means.
Be it further enacted, That the amount to be disbursed in
payment of the expenses incidental lo the collecnnn of the
revenue shall not exceed in the whole, for the li-cnl vrar
ending the 30tb of June, 1847, or for any fiscal year Mieeeed-
ing, the sum of one million five bundled and twenty thou-
sand dollars, and that lite Secretary of the Trea-ury shall
have full power to diminish any branch or item of -aid ex-
penditures so as to brm<! the agirre^iu amount u ithtn the
limitation above mentioned, and ihat hereafter the whole
gror-s amount of the public moneys, by whomsoever received
or colli cted, shall be paid info the trea^irv ; and all expen-
ses incident to ttic collection ol the revenue, not exceeding
the amount above stated, shall be paid out of any moneys
in the treasury not otherwise appropilated, and the ac-
counts thereof shall be rendered to tiie proper accounting
officers of the treasury for adjustment by them.
The recommendation was subsequently re-
newed. But under the difficulty of getting hills
through Congress, the bill to carry these recom-
mendations into effect, did not pass this House
until the 15 h of March, 1848. That was before
any nominations for the Presidency were made,
and when of couise few anticipated that this ad-
ministfation would come into power.
The bill did not pass the Senate until the 3d of
March, 1849. But before it passed, it came to
this House with amendments, where, if it had
been disapproved, it could hav^been defeated. j
Before I conclude, 1 have a word to say about
the warehousing system—not by way of argu-
ment to sustain our opinions, but for the informa-
tion of the House, to state them.
I believe that the Committee of Ways and
Means are decidedly in favor of that system; but
with some modifications. I speak with confidence
of the Democratic part of the commitlee. We ;
think it of great benefit to every industrial pursuit i
in the country—the agricultural, the mechanical,!
the commercial, and the manufacturing. We are |
satisfied, the country will never surrender it. But ,
we think the plan of public warehouses ought to j
be abolished, except so far as to provide ware-
house room for unclaimed goods. We do not
think that the Government ought to engage in the
warehousing business any further than is indis-
pensable; any more than in any other business
to which individual enterprise is equal. Let us
open free competition in this business, under
proper safeguards and regulations, and that com-
petition itself will reduce the cost of warehousing
to the lowest possible amount; to the relief of com-
merce, and without a tax upon the Government or
any body else. The system with us was a new
one, and doubtless we have much to learn in re-
spect to it. In the first instance some mistakes
may have been committed—mistakes against
which human foresight could not guard. But
upon the whole it is a wise one, and with such
modifications as experience may suggust, it will
be cherished.
Mr. BAYLY having concluded—
Mr". BROWN, of Mississippi, obtained the
floor, but yielded for the moment to
Mr. LiTTLEFlELD, who, in answer to the
appeal of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to the members from Maine as to the
length of the sea-coast in that State, replied that
he (Mr. L.) had never considered that Maine had
the length of sea-coast named by the gentleman
from New York. He (Mr. L.) had before him
the debates in the 27th Congress, and from a*;
speech delivered by himself in Committee of theV
Whole mi the state of the Union, the object ot ji
which was to procure appropriations for erecting | P
fortifications for the defence of the sea-coast, of il
Maine, lie found this question; "do the Commit- ,,
tee of Ways and Means know that the State of
Maine has more than three hundred miies of de-
fenceless sea-coast>" Mr. L. added, that it the
rivets of Maine were all measured and added to
the sea-coast, the statement of the gentleman from j
New York would not exceed but Jail snort of the j
[Some conversation followed on this point, Mr,. j
Brooks sayine that he measured the State of
Maine, as he supposed the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] had measured the coast of
0%-eat Britain. He (Mr. Brooks) supposed th&t
by measuring in a straight line, the sea-coast of
Maine might be three hundred miies; but by fol-
lowing the indentations, he presumed it would be
found tot be as he had stated. Mr. Bayly said
that the measurement had been made, in both
cases, by Lieutenant Maury, upon the principle of
measuring from headland to headland, and the re-
sult had been furnished in geographical miles.
Mr. Brooks thought Mr. Bayly should go for in-
formation to the coast survey, not to Lieutenant
Maury. And Mr. Bayly replied, that when he
wanted information he should go to the source
from which he supposed it might be obtained most
satisfactorily. Knowing the scientific attainments
of this gentleman, and his general accuracy, he
(Mr. B.) had preferred relying upon his calcula-
tions.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, now claimed the
floor, and proceeded to address the committee, as
follows:
Gentlemen say they deprecate discussion on the
subject of slavery. My judgment approves it. We
have gone too far to recede without an adjustment
of our difficulties. Better far that this agitation
should never have commenced. But when wrong
has been perpetrated on one side and resented on
the other, an adjustment in some form is indispen-
sable. It is better so than to leave the thorn of
discord thus planted, to rancle and fester, and
finally to produce a never-healing: sore. We need
attempt no such useless task as that of disguising
from ourselves, our constituents, and in truth the
world at large, that ill blood has been engendered,
that we are losing our mutual attachment, that we
are daily becoming mure and more estranged, that
the fibers of the great cord which unites us as one
people are siving way, and that we are fast ver-
ging to ultimate and final disruption. I hold no
communion with the spurious patriotism which
closes its eves to the dangers which visit us, and
with a loud voice, sing hosannas to the Union;
such patriotism will not save the Union, it is de-
structive of the Union. Open wide your eyes and
| look these dangers full in the face,and with strong
t arms and stout hearts assault them, vanquish
' them, and on the field of your triumph erect an
altar sacied to the cause of liberty, and on that
altar offer as a willing sacrifice this accursed demon
of discord. Do this, and we are safe; refuse, and
these dangers will thicken, these misty elements
will grow darker and blacker as days roll on.
The storm which now lingers will burst, and the
genius of dissolution will preside where the Union
now is.
I am for discussion, for an interchange of senti-
ments. Let there be no wrangling about small
grievances, but with an elevated patriotism—a pa-
triotism high as our noble mountains, and broad
as the Union itself—let us come to the considera-
tion of the difficulties and daneers which beset us.
In all matters of dispute it is important to con-
sider who committed the first wrong; until this is
done, no satisfactory basis of an adjustment can
be established.
The Union is divided in sentiment upon a great
question, by a geographical line. The North is
opposed to slavery, and the South is in favor of
it. The North is for abolishing it, the South is for
maintaining it. The North is for confining it in
its present limits, where they fancy it will lan-
guish, and languishing, will die. The South is
for leaving it unrestrained to go wherever (within
our limits) it may be invited by soil, climate, and
population. These issues and their necessary in-
cidents have brought the two ends of the Union
into their present • perilous position—a position
from which one or the other must recede, or a
conflict dangerous to liberty and fatal to the Union
will certainly ensue.
Who is at fault, or rather who was first in fault
in this fraternal quarrel ? We were the owners of
slaves; we bought them from your fathers. We
never sought to make slaveholders of you, nor to
force slavery upon you. When you emancipated
the remnant of your slaves, we did not interpose.
Content to enjoy the fruits of our industry at home,
within our own limits, we never sought to intrude
upon your domestic quiet. Not so with you.
For twenty years or more, you htue not ceased to
disturb our peace. We have appealed in vain to
your forbearance. Not only have you disregarded
these appeals, but every appeal has been followed
by some new act of outrage and aggression. We
have in vain pointed to our domicils, and Begged
that you would respect the feelings of their inmates.
You have threatened them with conflagration.
When we have pointed to our wives and our
sleeping infants, and in their names besought your
forbearance, you have spurned our entreaties and
mocked the fears of these sacred pledges of our
love. Long years of outrage upon our feelings
and disregard of our rights have awakened in every
southern heart a feeling of stern resistance.
Think.what you will, say what you will, perpe-
trate again and again if you will, these acts of
lawless tyranny; the day and the hour is at 'hand
when every southern son will rise m rebellion,
when every tongue will say, give us justice orgive
as death.
I repeat, we have never sought to disturb yoi^r
quiet. We have forborne to retaliate your
wrongs. Content to await a returning sense of
justice, we have submitted. That sense of justice,
we fear, never will return, and submission is no
longer a virtue.* We owe it to you, to ourselves,
to our common country, to the friends of fieedom
throughout the world, to warn you that we intend
to submit no longer.
Gentlemen tell us they do not believe the South
is in earnest. They believe we will still submit.
Let me warn them to put away that delusion. It
is fatal to the cause of peace. If the North em-
brace it the Union is gone. It is treason to
j encourage a hope of submission. Tell the truth,
1 speak out boldly, go home and tell your people
j the issue is made up; they must now choose be-
i tween non-interference with southern rights on the
j one side, and a dissolution of the Union on .the
other. Tell them the South asks nothing from
their bounty, but only asks their forbearance.
The spccious arguments by which you cover up
your unauthorized attempts to drive us from the
Territories may deceive the unwary, but an en-
lightened public sentiment will not fail to detect
its fallacy, and posterity will award you the credit
of destroying the Union in a lawless effort to seize •
the spoils of a victory won by other hearts and
hands than yours. Territory now free must re-
main free, say you. Who <;ave you the right to
speak thus oracularly? Is this an acquisition of
your own, or is it a thing obtained by the joint
effort of us all ? I have been told that the United
States acquired the territory from' Mexico, and
that the Congress, speaking for the United "States,
must dispose of it. Technically speaking, the
United States did make the acquisition; but what
is the United State? ? a mere agent for the States,
holding for them certain political powers in trust,
to be exercised for their mutual benefit, and among
i these is the power to declare war and make peace.
In the exercise of these poweis the territory was
acquired, and for whom? Not certainly for the
agent, but for the principal. Not for the United
States, but the States.
Who fought the battles, who won the victories
which resulted in the acquisition ? ' The people of
the United States? Certainly not. There is no
such thing as the people of the United States, j. hey
can perform no act—have in fact no political ex-
istence. Do the people of the United States elect
this Congress ? No; we are elected by States—
most of us by districts in States. The States elect
I Senators, and the President is himself elected by
State electoral colleges, and not by the people of
the United Slates. There is no such political
body as the people of the United States; they can
do nothing, have done nothing, have in fact n.>
existence. When the war with Mexico began,
oil whom did the Piesident cull > Not, certainly,
on the people of the United. States, but on the peo-
ple of the States by States, and by States they
17
