1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAYS—Messrs. ANton, Andrews, Baker, Bennett, Bo-
fcoe, Brack, Chester Butler, E C. Cabell, J. P. Caldwell.
Calvin. Campbell, Casev, Chandler, Clarke, CiirtirKtan,
CrovvHI, D beny, Dixon, Dtier, iunean, Nathan Evan*,
Freediev, Gentry. Grinnell, HalSowav, Hampton, Hay, Ray-
mond, Hilhard, Houston, Howe, W. T. Jackson, Kerr,
Hatuel P.Xing, Geoige G. Kmc, James G. Kin*, John A.
Kinjr, Horace Matin,' Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey,
MeKiesoek, Moore, Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, Pitman, Put-
nam, Reed, Reynolds Risitn, Rockwell, Rumse^, Scbenck 
tichermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Snepperd, Spauiding, Stanly,
T. Stevens, Thurman, Underbill, Vinton, White, Williams,
and Wmthrop—6:5.
[Mr. CONRAD, who was • temporarily absent
from his seat when his ^ame was called, asked
leave to record his vote. - •
Objection was made.]
So the second^branch of the amendment to the
amendment was agreed to.
And the question being on agreeing to the sub-
stitute as amended—
Mr. RICHARDSON called for a division of the
question.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked for the reading
of the substitute as amended.
The SPEAKER said theamendmcnt asamended
would be reported to the House as soon as order
was restored. The amendment was of some length,
and rhe Chair would request gentlemen to preserve
order during its reading.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The amend-
ment as amended, I understand, is now offered as
a substitute for the original resolutions.
The, SPEAlvER. The amendment is to strike
out all after the word " Resolved " in the resolu-
tions reported by the committee, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:*,
^The Clerk read the substitute of Mr. Schenck,
as amended by the addition of the amendment of
Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi. See above.j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for the reading
of the resolutions proposed to be stricken out.
The SPEAKER. They will be read.
The resolutions reported by Mr. Burt were
read. (See above.)
The question being upon agreeing1 to the substi-
tute as amended,
Mr. RICHARDSON called for a division of the
question, so astto vote first upon that part which
pieceded the words, ct provided, kovjeverHe
said he understood the Chair to have decided that
the question was divisible.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was to
strike out and msen: the gentleman from Illinois
asked for a division of the question, holding that
they were two separate and distinct propositions.
Two decisions had been tpade by the House upon
appeal from the decision of the Chair: Upon a
motion made to strike out and insert, a division
was called for: the Chair had ruled that the ques-
tion was divisible: an appeal was taken from the
decision, and the House had overruled the decision
of the Chair—as the Chair at-this time thought,
very correctly; he concurred fully in the decision
of the House, overruling his own opinion. Sub-
sequently a motion had been made to amend, (not
to strike" out and insert,) and upon that amend-
ment a division was asked: the Chair decided that
the question in this case was divisible—it being a
simple motion to amend; an appeal was taken, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained. The
House, therefore, had decided that when a motion
was made to strike out and insert, a division of
the question was riot in order; the Chair^decided
accoidiogly, and ruled that it was not in order to
divide this question.
Mr. RICHARDSON appealed from the de-
cision.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, moved to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked for the
reading of the 53d rule.
It was read, as follows:
"Any member may call for the division of a question
winch shall be divided if it comprehend proportions m
substance so distinct that,one being taken away, a substan-
tive pioposition shall remain for the decision ot the IIou-sC.
A motion to strike out and insert jslia.ll be deemed indivis-
ible."
Mr. BAYLY said he would move to lay the
appeal on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew the appeal.
Mr. BAKER renewed it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, renewed the mo-
tion to lay*the appeal on the table.
Mr. BAKER inquired if the appeal was not de*
batable?
The SPEAKER replied it was not, as the House
was acting under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. BAKER withdrew the appeal.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
substitute as amended,
Mr. DUER asked, in case this amendment or
substitute were now rejected, whether the vote
would then recur upon the resolutions reported by
the majority, or upon some other substitute?
The SPEAKER replied, that the only questions
now before the House were upon the amendment
just reported, and the original resolutions reported
by the committee. If the House affirmed the amend-
ment now pending, which was to strike out and in-
sert, the question would recur upon agreeing to
the resolution as amended; if the House refused to
strike out and insert the amendment now pend-
ing;, the question would recur upon agreeing; to
the original resolutions as reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. BAKER inquired whether, under the rule
lust read by the sentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] the Chair held that the limitation
against a division of the question applied only to
the motion to strike out and insert? or did he hold
that it applied also to the subject-matter proposed
to inserted ?
The SPEAKER. The. Chair holds that it
cover* both grounds, and has so decided and been
sustained bv the House upon an appeal
Mr. OLDS inquired, in case the House now
decided to strike out the original resolutions and
insert the amendment as amended if—the question
then being on the final adoption of the amend-
ment as amended—it would be in order to call for
a division of the question so,as to vote first upon
all that part which preceded the words <l provi
ded, however."
The SPEAKER replied that, certain matter
having been inserted, it would not be in otder to
divide the question so as to strike that out; if.
• independently of the amendment which had been
voted in, there was matter which con'ained two
distinct, substantive propositions, it would be in
order to divide the question so as to vote upon
them separately.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. If the substitute be
adopted by the House, will any further amend-
ment be in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Thp question being on agreeing to the substitute,
as amended,
Mr. STEPHENS, pf Georgia, called the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question w>.s then taken and resulted—yeas
39, nays 163; as follow:
YFAS—Bavlv. Borock, A. G. Riown, Wjlham
J. B'own, WuJ' unsopt R. W- Cobh. Dunham, Gibuorc,
flail, Hamilton. H unmond, Harel-on, H >rian. S,imp-on W.
Harris, Jnse. Joseph W. Jackson, R W. John-no, Knu'-
man, filer, UttlefiMd, McClfrnand, WeMiiUen, Orr,
Owen, Parker, IVck, PhHps Potter, llo?s, f?au't«llc, F. P.
Stanton, Alexandei IT. St< ph< ns. Stiongr, J 'cob Thomoon.
Toombs Vepmblo, Waldo, "Wellborn, and Wontwonh— 39.
NAYS—Messrs. AI hereon. Alexander, A;b n. AMon An-
drews, A-she, Aveiett. Bak«'r, Bay, Bennett. Resell. Bokee,
Booth, Bo'^d'ni. Bowhii, B<>\d. Brec't, B: mir*, B ook?« Ilin-'l,
Buriows, Burt. O. Butler, Thomas 13. Buttei. E C. Cabell,
Joseph Cable. G. A. Caldwell, Joj-eph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Oartier. C.i-ev, Chandler. Clarke, Cleveland. Col-
cock, Cole, CoivfH, Conrad, Corvvin, Crowf IS, Daniel, De-
bern. Dickey, Diminick, Di«ney, Dixon, Doty,-Duer, Dun-
enn.'Dujkee, 'Ecmunfkon, N. Evan?, Eivinp. Featbci?ton,
Fitch, Fowler, Freediev, Gentry, Gerry, Ci<M!ng«, Gorman,
Gott, Gould, Grinnell, HaHowav, Hampton. l-ham G. Har-
ris T. L. Harris, Hay, Haymond, Hebaid, Ilenrv, Hibbaid,
Uilh.ird, Hollad.iv, Holme.', Houston, Howard, Howe, Hub-
hard, Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Ar.drew Johnson, J.ttne< L.
Johnson, Jones. Julian. Keri, D. P. King, Geo«-ge G Kins,
James G. King, J. A. Kmc. Preston Knnj, La Sere, Houire
Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Mutto-jon, M< Donald,
McDowell, ^IcGauu'hey, McKis^ock, MtL'mahan. .\U-
(lueen, Meaenam. M>:dc, Miller, Mtlis'-n, Mnoi«\ M'Mris
Mot«e, Morton. N'eKon. N<-\vell. O'd-, Onil.vw. P<-a<—
Ice, Pitnr-m. Powell, Putnam, Reed, IteynMd?. Richardson,
Risicy, Robni^ori, iloekw-!!, Rout, Ro««-, Rum^cv, Saekttt,
Saviiire. Schenck, ^fhernicrhoni, Sc!iool<-ia!f, Seddon.
Shepperd, Silve^te1-, Spauldmg, Ppracue, Stanly, Eichaid
H. Stanton, Th-'ddeus Stevens Stetson. SwePtser, Jamfv
Thompson. Thunnan, Tuck, Underhiil, Van Dyke. Vinf<;r,
VValden, Wallace, While, Wildriek, Wili!am«} WVniot,
Winthrop, Wood, Woodward, and Young—163.
So the substitute of Mr. Schenck, as am^r.d^d
by the amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Missis-
sippi, was rejected.
Mr. FEATHERSTON; I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered to be taken. My object in making this
motion is, to offer an amendment to the resolutions
reported by the committee.
mi
Mr. McCLERNAND* I ask that the tu&end?
ment may be read. ' -
Mr. HIBBARp, If the gentleman will allow
me——
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman froto
Mississippi [Mr. Featherston] vote in the af-
firmative on the question of ordering the main
question ?—Or, perhaps, there was no division. "
The SPEAKER (after a moment's pause) added,
the Speaker i3 informed that there was 'no-divis-
ion. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.FEATH-
erston] moves a reconsideration of the vote by
which the main question was ordered.
Mr. H1BBARD rose, he said, t.o a question of
order. He desiied to be informed by the Speaker
whether, if the House should now reconsider the
vote, it would be in order to move to amend the
resolutions reported by the committee?
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hjbeard,] the
Speaker will state, that if the main question should
be reconsidered, the question will then at once
recur, upon seconding the demand for the previous
question. If the House should refuse to &ecood
the demand for the previous question, the repoi.t
of the committee will then be open to amendment,
as ail the pending amendments have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. BAKER rose to a question of order. -He
raised the question, whether a motion to reconsider
the vote ordering the main question was in order,
after the House had voted on a portion oi* the
main question ?
The SPEAKER replied. In the opinion of the
Chair, a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question has been ordered, can be en-
tertained after the House has voted, under the
operation of the pievious question, upon a por-
tion of the main quest.on—if the motion to recon-
sider sha!i be made within the tune prescribed by
the ruies.
Mr. {STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the whole subject t e laid upon the table.
Mr. RUVISEY rose, he said, to a point of or-
der—but
The SPEAKEU. gave the floor to
Mr. WINTHROP, (who rose simultaneously
with Mr. Rumsey,) and said, that he appealed
from the decision of the Chair just made in an-
swer to the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Air. Baker.] He (Mr. W.) re-
map ked that he had him>elf suggested the same
question of order the other day. All remapks, he
knew, were now out ot order; but he would' be
glad to hear from the Chair whether there was
any precedent upon which the decision was
founded.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The appeal is
not debatable. The Chair understands the gentle-
man fioro Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] ctsa&k-
ing the unai-iuious consent of the Hous>e to make
some remaiks.
Mr WINTHROP said, the Chair was under a
misapprehension. He (Mr. W.)^id not desire
to submit any remarks to the House. He had
simply appealed from the decision of the Chair
upon the ground, (which he had a right to state,)
that the previous question (which covered the
amendments as well as the original question) hav-
ing been in part executed, it was now too late to
make a motion to reconsider; and he had asked
that, before the question was put, the Chair, in
the exercise of its prerogative, should stale wheth-
er there was anyprecedent or principle upon which
the uccision was founded.
Mr. JONES, (to the Speaker ) Was not a mo-
tion made to leconsider the resolution ofFcied by
the gentleman fiom Mississippi [Mr. Thompson]
after the previous question had in part been exe-
cuted. and when a portion of the previous ques-
tion remained, as it does now, to be executed ?
The SPEAKER said, such a motion had been
made and acted upon.
Mr. JONES suggested that the two cases were
precisely similar
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to ask a question.
It was—whether the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wikthrop] had not decided, as
Speaker of the House, at the close of the last
session, that the previous question was exhausted
on an amendment, ar.d did not reach the main
question?
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
