1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
the appeal of Mr. Winthrop from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the appeal
be laid on the table.
Mr. RUMSEY said, that the question of oruer
which he had risen to suggest (at the time the
floor-was awarded to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, Mr. Winthrop) had reference to the
same point upon which the appeal had been
taken". He (Mr. R.) would state it—that the pre-
vious-question having been ordered, and all these
votes having been taken, it was not in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the main
question had been ordered, without first moving a
reconsideration of these various votes.
The SPEAKER. That is a different question,
and does not connect itself with the operation of
the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the yeas
and nays on the appeal, (whicn were subsequently
ordered.)
The SPEAKER stated the question. A mo-
tion has been made by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Featherston,] to reconsider the
vote by which the pievious question had been
ordered. The point of order is rai&ed that the
vote upon the previous, question cannot be recon-
sidered after the previous question has been partly
executed by the House, by voting upon those
several questions which have come within its
operation. The Chair overrules the point of
order, and entertains the motion to reconsider.
From that decision an appeal has been taken.
A request has also been made that the Chair
would indicate any precedent, if there was any,
upon which the decision had been founded. The
Chair had not had an opportunity of examining
whether there were any precedents for, or against,
_the decision. The Chair makes the decision,
however, upon this principle, that the motion is
made within the time prescribed by the rule, and
that the Houge, if it has not previously recon-
sidered the vote oidering the main question, has
the rightatany time, within the prescubed period,
to do so.
Mr. WINTHROP. Suppose the r^olution itself
had been passed: Would a motion to leconsider
the vote oideung the mam question have been m
ordei i
The SPEAKER. If the operation of the pre-
vious question had been exhausted, the motion
xvouW not have been in order, because it would
have been unnecessary.
Mr. WINTHROP. Then the question of time
has nothing to do with it?
Mr. CARTTER interposed, and inquired
whether debate was in order?
The SPEAKER (replying to Mr. Wixthrop)
remarked, that the question of time had something
to do with it—otherwise, it would be in oider to
make the motion on any other day than that on
which the vote had been taken, or on the succeed-
ing day. _
A motion is rrmde, (continued the Speaker,)
that the appeal be laid upon the table, and on that
motion the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, desned to be in-
formed by the Speaker, whether, if the \ote oider-
ing the previous question shou.d be reconsidered,
the chairman of the select committee would not be
entitled to speak an hour ?
The SPEAKER. The Ciu-ir thinks not.
Mr. CABELL suggested (inquiringly) whether
the gentleman couid not, under thess circum-
stances, take back the speech he had already made
and make another. * [Luusjhter.]
The SPEAKER, answered in the negative.
The question was taken, anu decided in the
negative—yeas 83, nay.s 101.
So the House lefuged to lay the appeal on the
table.
The question recurring, "Shall the decision of
the Chair .stand ns the judgment of the House—
Mr. KAUFMAN atked the yeas and nays;
winch were o*deied.
Air. PRESION KING. I rise to inquire wheth-
er this question has not been decided or acted upon
by she House at this session?—whether upon the
deficiency bill, after an amendment had been re-
jected by the House, and tiie pievious question
seconded, and the main question ordered, it was
Dot reconsidered, and a substitute adopted ?
The SPEAKER, The Chair has an indistinct
recollection of the ca&e referred to bfPthe gentle-
man from New York. He has been engaged in
an examination of the Journal and of the congres-
sional debates in reference to it, and has not yet
been able to find it. He cannot, therefore, state
that such a decision has been made.
Mr. BRECK inquired whether, if the motion
to reconsider prevailed, it would place the Hou&e
back in the statu quo in which they w«re at the
time the previous question was seconded, and
whether the vote which had been taken would go
for naught ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the reconsideration would not carry the House
back so far as the amendments disposed of are
concerned. They are disposed of. The Chair
has stated that, in his opinion, the effect would be
to bring the House back to act upon the resolu-
tions, being the only remaining subjects before the
House.
Mr. .HOLMES said, inasmuch as they were
uporua judicial question, and the decision of the
Chair, whether right or wrong, must affect the
question, and the Chair wished to look for prece-
dents, he would move that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
rejected.
The question recurring on the appeal from the
decision of the Chair—
The roll was called, and having been concluded,
before the vote was announced*—
The SPEAKER said: With the consent of the
House the Chair—having been inquired of whether
there is any precedent—would refer to a pre-
cedent which has now been found. The question
involves a principle. The Chair, however, will
not* trespass upon the time of the House at this
time except by unanimous consent.
No objection being made—
The SPEAKER said : During the present Con-
gress, upon the bill limiting the expenses of the
col lection of the customs during the fiscal year,
&c., it wilt be recollected by the House, and it is
so stated upon the Journal, that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union reported a
joint resolution to the House, with an amend-
ment; the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
moved an amendment to that amendment and de-
manded the pieuous question; the previous ques-
tion was .seconded and the main question was or-
dered to be now put. The House proceeded to
vote, fiivt upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, and afterwards upon the amend-
ment reported hv the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; both of these amendments
the Chair believes were rejected; that point is
immaterial, however. But after the two amend-
ments were voted upon, the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Kixg] moved to teconsid£r the vote
by which the mam question had been ordered to
be put, under the opeiation of which the House
had voted upon the amendment of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia to
the amendment. The Chair entertained that mo-
tion: the question was propounded to the Chair
whether, if the motion were entertained and the
vote were reconsideied, it would be m order to
oiT^r nn amendment to the original resolutions.
The Chair icplied affirmatively.
The main question, upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, was reconsidered; the
question re^uned on the second of the previous
question, wju.n it \vr.s withdrawn by the gentle-
man from Virginia; ihegentleman from NewJeisey
then offered an amendment to the oiigina! resolu-
tion, which was entertained, and the previon ques-
tion was mo\ed, and under the operation of it, the
original resolution was amended.
It was a case precisely parai'el to that now pre-
sented to the House. No point was made; it was
acquiesced in, and no appeal was taken from the
decision of the Chair. The Chair desires to state
fhis fact, to show at least that this is the opinion
he has entei rained uuon the subject dunng this
session of Congress, arid that it has been acted
ujon by the House—t^e decision of the Chair
having been scqutes^td in.
Mr. VAN DYKE, ([o the Speaker.) There was
no question of order raised, I believe?
The SPEAKER. There was not. The opin-
ion was acquiesced in by the House, no appeal
having been taken from the decison of the Chair.
Previous to the annunciation of the result—
Mr. GIDD1NGS (who had been momentarily
w
duck
out of his seat when his name was called) rose
and asked the unanimous consent of the House to
record his vote.
Mr. ROOT objected.
So the vote of Mr. Giddings was not received.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas 94, nays J02: as follow:
YEAS—Ml SM5. Allii.il-nn, A^lie, Averetr, Day. B:ijly,
Booth, Bowd<>n, Bowie, Bovvlin, Bo_\d. William J. Rmivn,
BuH, Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Canter, Cleveland,
\V. Ii. W. Cotil). Colcock, Darnel, Dimnuck, Disney, Dun-
ham, Duikue, Ehmnjd&on, Ivwing, FeaHier?lo , Fnch,
Gtrry, Giiinorr, G.irm-ui, Halt, Hamilton, Hammond, Har-
lan, l-ham G II mis, TlionitoL Harris, Ilibhard,Holiaday,
Howruri, Huhhanl, Joseph YY. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Juh m, Kaufman, James G.
King, Pie&ton K n«, La f-eie, Leffier, Lililefield, Job Mann,
Ma-on, McC'erinnd, McDowell, iVkLanaiian, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Mead.', Miller, Milton, Morris-,
Moi«°, Old*, On, lJe.\=;l< e, Pi-< k, Phi Ips, Poller,
Powell, Richardson, Ro'mison. Ro-s, Sav^e, sviwtelle,
Ftederiek P. Stanton, iliciuud H. Stanren, M"ison, Strong1,
~'veetsci, Jacob Thomson. Jamej Thompson, Venabie,
i'alden, Waldo, Wallace, Wi-llbon-, Wenlwoah. Wit-
nek, Wilniot, Wood, at'd Youn^—£4.
NAYS—Ate\,i;>du, Alhjii Andrew--, Bak< i, Ben-
nett, Bocoek, Bokee, B eck, R. iirtr , l5jro!«. A G Browi*,
Barrows Bint, Oht^tei Butler, Tliomftf B Butler, E. (j.
Cabell, J. P Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Cuike,
(.'lineman. Cole, Conner, Conrad, Corwin. Ciowell, l)e-
herrv, l')if key, Div«>n, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Nathan Lvans,
Fowler, Freedlev, Gott, Gould, Grmnell, tl,i loway, Ham|>
tou, Haralson, Sampson W. Hams, Ila'v, Hammond. Meh-
ard, IJenrv, Milliard, Houston. Howe, Hunter, Inge, W. T.
Jaek^on, James L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P. Kihu, Geoitje
G Kiiia. John A Kins, Horace Mann, Mai shall, Matteson,
M( Gxnghey, McKi^ock, Mencham, Moore, Mon-heaii,
Morion, Nelson, Novell, Ogle, Outlaw* Owen, Pitman,
Putnam, Kced, Reynolds, Rudey, R>ckwell, Root, Ro-e,
Tvum-ey, Sack«'tt, Sehenck, Schei'meihorn, Schoolcraft,
Seddon, Shepperd, Silvestt r, Spaulding, fc>pia<;ue, Stanly,
Alexander H. Stephen*, Thaddt us Stevens. Thuunau,
Toomhs. Tuek, Underlnll, Van D} ke, Vinton, Wlme, Wil-
hani'}, and Wint'nop—10}.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled by
the House.
And the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question had been otdercd, was declared
to he out of order.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolutions reported from the select committee.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker whether it
would be in order to'movc an amendment?
The SPEAKER leplied, not.
Mr. JONES satd, he thought if the Speaker
would refer to the proceedings on the last ni ht of
the last session, on an amendment of the Senate to
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, the
Speaker would pcrceive that the House then sus-
tained the proposition to nmend the amendment of
the Senate, under the operation of the previous
question, where an amendment was proposed to
a proposition which had been voted down.
The SPEAKER. Clearly, no amendment is
in order now.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to refer to a
precedent, which I think applies to the present
case, and upon the statement of which I m^y ap-
peal or not as !he°case may be. Upon ihe thud
of March, lb'49, when the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill was pending before the House,
conta'nm?, amongst o:her things, a proposition
which was known as Walker's amendment——
Mr. WINTHROP rose and suggested , that if
the {renrleman from Illinois [Mr. McClerxand]
was going; to ars:ue the decision of the Chair, he
(Mr. W.) should, as a ma'ter of right, claim to be
heard in reply.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
right to argue ihe question.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Nor do I desire to do
so. I am merely stating facts upon which I
shall appeal, or not, from the decision of the
Chair. And I am limiting myself to the state-
ment of these facts. 1 say, that when that bill
was depending1 
Cries to nukr.
The SPEAKER, interposed.
Mr. McCLERNANi) continuing. An amend-
ment was oiFeied by the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky [Mr. Morehead] to the Walker amend-
ment, upon which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Winthrop] decided that, after the
vote upon the amendment, the previous question,
although ordered, became, exhausted, and did not
reach ihe Senate's amendment.
During this statement Mr. McClerxand was
called to order from different parts of the House,
and by
The SPEAKER, who said that the gentleman
could do no more than state his point of order.
Reference to precedents was in the nature of an
