1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
argument to sustain the point of order, and could
only be allowed by unanimous consent. It was
not in order at this time to go further than merely
to state the point of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Chair, I presume,
will allow me to give my motion whatever charac-
ter I choose to £ive it. ! rise to make a statement
upon which I intend to exercise my discretion as to
whether I shall appeal or not.
Mr. CARTTER called to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McClernakd] must recognize the correct-
ness of the decision which'limits him to a simple
statement of the point of order. It is not in
older to lefer to precedents, which, as the Chair
has stated, would cleariy be in the nature of an
org ument.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not wish to make
an argument. I want to state the facts which con-
stitute the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can make no dis-
tinction between a statement of facts, and a refer-
ence to precedents upon which a point of order is
ba?ed.
JVir. McCLERNAND. I want to show that 
Loud cries to order.
Mr. McCLERNAND continuing. According
to precedent, a is competent for the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Featiierston] 
Renewed calls to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point oforder.
Mr. McCLERNAND.* I want to cite the au-
thority of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wiuthrop.] in a case which involved the same
principle 
Calls to order.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (continuing.) On a de-
cision which was in no small degree the imme-
diate occasion of the present slavery agitation 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der.
Mr. McCLERNAND took his seat.
Mr. FITCHL I move to reconsider the vote by
which the House rejected the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohio,[Mr.SciiENCK,] as amended
by the amendment of the gentleman irom Missis-
ssssippi, [Mr. Thompson,] and 1 call for the 'yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio. T move that the motion
to reconsidei he laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (to the
Chair.) At the time the appeal was taken from
the decision of (he Chair, i moved that the whole
subject he laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. When did the gentleman
make the motion? *
Mr. STEVENS. To-day. The Chair recog-
nized me—and then an appeal was taken from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly did not
hear the gentleman. But the confusion in the Hall
is so great that it is extremely difficult for the
Chair to hear anything.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well, sir. I think the
Chair had recogn'zed me.
Mr. CROWELL. Is it in order to call for the
reading of the proposition sought to be reconsid-
ered ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (to the
Chair.) May i ask whether it will now be in
order to move to lay the whole subject on the
table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion to reconsider.
The substitute, as amended, was read.
Mr. ORR called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. DISNEY rose to ask for information from
the Chair. He desired to know whether, under
the decision of the Chair, if the House should pro-
ceed to vote upon the lesolutions of the majoiity
of the committee, and should agtee or disagree to
them, it would not be then in order to move to
rcconsidcrr And if such reconsideration was
agreed to, whether the previous question would
not be exhausted, and it would then be in order to
move an amendment to the amendment ?
The SPEAKER said, in the opinion of the
Chair, it would be in order.
Mr. THURMAN rose to a point of order. He
submitted that, pending the operation of the pre-
vious question, it was not in order to move to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. THURMAN appealed from thedecision of
the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to inquire upon what the
H0,ise was aboyt to vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Thurman] submits, as a point of
order, that it is not in order to move a reconsider-
ation of a vote which has been taken pending the
operation of the previous question. The Chair,
under the uniform practice of the House, overrules
the point of order 
Mr. SCHENCK. I agree with the Chair.
[L* ugh'er.]
The SPEAKER, (continuing.) And the
question before the House is, " Shall the opinion
of the Chair stnnd as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. CONGER. I move that the appeal be laid
upon the table.
And the question, "Shall the appeal be laid
upon the table?" was taken and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Fitch to reconsider the vote by which the substi-
tute of Mr. Schenck, as amended by the amend-
ment of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, had been
rejected
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Fitcij] to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the substitute I proposed
was rejected, together with the amendment made
to it ?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. If that motion should pre-
vail, the question will not be on the substitute, as
I originally offered it, but upon the substitute as
amended?
The SPEAKER. Exactly.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is what I want to know.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the re-
consideration .
Mr. FITCH. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
withdrawn
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] as amended by my
own amendment, was rejected; and I call for the
yeas and navs on that motion.
Mr. SWEETSER desired to know whether
his colleague [Mr. Schenck] had voted with the
majority? If not, he had no right to make the
motion.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Schenck ) Will the
gentleman state whether or not he voted with the
majority ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not vote with the ma-
jority, and, therefore, if any memher objects, I
sunpose I am not entitled to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] did not vote with the majority, the
Chair cannot entertain the motion to reconsider.
The question, then, is on agreeing to the resolu-
tions of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the whole subject be laid upon the table, and on
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMES. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question on that motion was taken and de-
cided in the negative, without adivision.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
And the question, u Shall the whole subject be
laid on the table?" was then t?ken and dccided in
the negative—yeas 75, nays 11G; as follow:
YFAS—AMnn. Rennett, Rrire:*. Bin rmvs,
Chester f'ntlor, Thomas H. Butler, E. (j. Cabell, Calvin,
|' Ca*ev, Chandler, Clarke, Clingmar , Com art, Corwin. Crnw-
j' ell, Peberty, Di< kev, D<xon. Puer, Duncan. Nathan Evans,
• Fowler, Freedlev, Gentry. Gnnnell, IJallowav, Hampton,
li Hay, Havmond, Hebard. Henrv, Milliard, lion-ton, Howe,
j. Hunter, William T Jackson, Kerr. D.iniH P. Kin«r, Genrsro
j; G. Kip?. Jame« G. Kin?. John A Kmc, Horace Mann, Mat-
!1 tpson, Mr Gaiuzhev. MeKi«ock. Moore, Moiehead, Morton,
!, Nf l?o'n, Newtil, Ogle, Outlaw, Pmnan. Pnmam, Reed, Ris-
i; ]ry, Rockwell, I.'ose, Rum5>ey, Saoken, S?ch« nek, Scheriner-
;! |inrn, ^cheolcralt, Phppperd, Filveetei, Ppauldinr. Stanly,
j] Thadrieitj. Steven?., Toonih«, Underbill, Vmton, Wellborn,
William*!, ar-d Winthrop—'75.
j| NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson. Alexand-r, Allen, Andrews,
Ashe, AvereU, Baker, Bay, Bayly, Bisseii, Boccck, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, WHliam J.
Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Jo-
seph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cai tier, Cleveland, Williamson
K. VV. Cobb, Coleuck, Cole, Conycr. Daniel, Dmitniefr,
Doty, DtmiMm, Durfcee, Edmund^m. Ewittg, Featheston,
Fttcb. Gurry, Gilmore, Gorman, Hall, Iliinnlum, Hammond,
IJaral-on, Italian, IflnrtR G. Hams, tampion W. Harris,
Thomas L. IJ tjis, Uibbard, Uolladay, Howard, IJubburd,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Aadrevv Johnson, James L. John-
son, Robert VV. Jonn«on, Jones. Julian. Kmfman. Proton
King, La Sfcre, l.effler, Link-field, Job Mann, Marshall,
MeClemand, McDonald, McDowell, MeLanalian, McMul-
len, McQueen, MeWiIhe, Meade, Miller, Mtllson, Morris,
Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peasloe, Peek, Plnlps, Poller,
Powell, Rejnolds, Richardson, Robinson, Knot, ilne , lav-
age, Seddon, Sptague, Frederick P. Stanton, J ieliar<t H.
Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sueetper, Jacob Tliomj,sof>, Ja'mfcs
Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Venabl.', WaWeri, Waldo,
Wallace, WenUvoah, Wilduek, Wilinot, Wood, autf
Young—116.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid upon the table.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the original resolutions reported by Mr Burt,
]VJr. jVJ ARSHALL asked a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. Adivision being called for,
the question wiil be put upon agreeing to the first
resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK asked to have all the resolu-
tions read.
They were read, (as above.)
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order,
and said his point of order was, that these resolu-
tions constituting the conclusion ofihe report of
the committee, contained no allusion whatever to
George W. Crawford, [a lau^h]—the gentleman
who had asked an investigation of his conduct,
but weie upon a totally different subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
this suggestion of ihe gentleman from Ohio, as a
point oforder: it is a matter for the consideration
of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 withdraw it, then.
The first resolution was reported, as follows;
l-*t. R*$oh ed. That 'lie claim of the r^picsentntives o<
Geoige Gdlphin was not a just demand again&t Hit United
bfates.
The question was on its adoption.
Mr. THURMAN rose and asked if it was in
order to make an inquiry? He would like to
know jvhere the word ''was" took effect—it being*
a past tense ?
The SPEAKER. No inquiry is in order.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 142, nays 49; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs*. Albertson, Al-xandei, Allen, A«J>e,
Aveiett, B.tv, lii^scll, Jioeoclc, Booth, iJowdon, Bon Jin,
Howl, Bri<^.-, Biooks, Albeit G. Brown, William J. Biown,
Buel, Urn rows, Burr, Thoma.-> B Butler, Joftpli Cable, G.
A. Caldwell, J. P. Cald v< II, Campbell, Canter, Cleveland,
W. K. W. Cobb, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Cioweli, Daniel,
Dickey, Dirnuiick. Disiiev, Doiy, Dunham, Dtitlue. Ed-
mnmb-on, N.ithan Evans, Ewing, l'Vaihcrftuit, Fu  h, F<,vv-
ler, Fieulley, Gem, Gidd ily-, Gihnoie, Gaiman, Gmt,
Gtuld, Hail, Iidllow.iy. Hamilton, Ilanmifml, Italian,
l-linni G. Harris?, S. W. IJarri>, 'J'. L. h,injs, Itav, Ileb*
bard, Henry, Hibiiani, H< l!.tday, liow.nd, Mnue, Hub.
bard, Ilnnier, Irigo, j. W. Jackson, \V. T. Jackson,
Andiew Johnson, Jone-, Julian, Kaiihnau, Jr hn A. Ktrg,
Pic.-too Kina, LaScie. Leffier, Lmlefield, Unrnce Mann,
M json, Maite-on, McClernand, McDona d, JMcDoiveH,
MeGaujiiiey, McK«s.>ugk, MeLanahan, Mi Mullen, Mc-
Queen, McWiJhe, Meat ham. Meade, Miller, MtJJson, More-
bead, Morris, Morse, Nehon, Newell, Old-, Orr, Parker,
Pea-K-o, Peck, Pbclp*, Pitman, Poitei, It ynolds, Richaal-
son, K'^ley, Iiobin^on, Root, Ro>e, Ilo>.«, Saeketi, ravage,
Sawte/le, siedd'm, Sjlve-ter, Sp«>nl(iing, Spia^ue. fctanly,
F. P. Srariton, R. II. Stanton. Stetson, Stronir, ^weeu-er,
J^coliThompson, Tiimman, Undeil ill,V-'t) 1)\kr-, Waiden,
Waldo, Wallace. Wentworth, White, Wilduck, Wifmot-
Wood,and Young—142.
NAV s*—Mes-*i>. Alston, Andrews, Baker, Bokee, Bowie,
Breek, CneM,er Butler, V, C. C«bell, calvin. Ca-< y, Chand-
ler, CLukv', Cl>n"inan, Conrad, Corwin, Dcb ny, J)tx«->n,
Dner, Duncan, Gentry, Giitmell, Hampton. H.u in- nd, Hil-
liard, Houston, James L John&on, Kerr, DumlP- King,
George G. Kinir, Jame^ G. Kina, M^rfua'l. Mooie. Morion,
Oz'e, Owen, Putnam, Reed, Rockwell, Rinn^ey, Schmck,
iSchermcthoin, Schoolcraft, Sh< p| erd, A. H. Rtephen.-s,
Tooinhs, Vinton, Wellborn, William.-, and "VI inthrup—49.
So the first resolution was agreed to.
The question then rccurred on the adoption of
the second rtsoluiion ie|iorted by the committee.
Mr. ORR asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.  
Mr. VAN DYKE. I move to reconsidcr the
vote by whuh the first resolution r^porUd by the
committee was adopted, and to lay tisatmotion on
the table.
Ordered accoidtn<;!y.
The question then again recurred on the adop-
tion of the second resolution reported by, the com-
mittee.
The resolution was read, as follows:
