1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
The result is before the world. W% will resist,
and trust to God and our own stout hearts for the
consequences.
The South afraid of dissolving the Union ?—why
should we fear ? What is there to alarm us or awa-
ken our apprehensions ? Are we notable to mantain
ourselves ? Shall eight millions of freemen, with
more than one hundred millions of annual exports
fear to take their position among the nations of the
earth ? With our cotton, sugar, rice, and tobacco,
products of a southern soil, yielding us annually
more than a hundred millionsofdol!ars,need wefear
the frowns of the world? You tell us all the world
is against us on the slavery question. We know
more ofthis than you; fanaticism in the Old World
like fanaticism at home, assails our domestic rela-
tions, but we know how much British commerce
and British labor depends for subsistence on our
cotton, to feel at all startled by your threats of
British power. Massachusetts' looms will yield a
smaller profit, and British looms wilt stop when
you stop the supply of southern cotton. When
the looms stop, labor will stop, ships will stop,
commerce will stop, bread will stop. Build your-
selves no castles in the air. Picture to your minds
no such halcyon visions as thai Great Britain will
meddle with our slaves. She made an experiment
in the West Indies in freeing negroes. It cost her
one hundred millions of pounds sterling and
crippled her commerce to more than three times
that amount, and now her emancipatfd blacks are
relapsing into a stale of ba; baristn. By the united
verdict of every Butish statesman the expeiiment
was a signal failure, injurious to the negro and
detrimental to the kingdom. England will not
interfere with southern slaves. Our cotton hags
are our bonds of peace.
Have we anything to fear from you in the event
of dissolution J A little gasconade, and some-
times a threat or two, altogether out of place on
so grave an issue as this, are resorted to on your
part. As to there being any conflict of arms
growing out of a dissolution, I have not thought
it at all probable. You complain of your associa-
tion with slaves in the Union. We propose to
take them out of the Union—to dissolve the un-
pleasant association. Will you seek a battle-field
to renew, amid blood and carnage, this loathsome
association? I take it for granted that you will
not. But if you should, we point you to the
record of the past, and warn you, by its blood-
stained pages, that we shall be ready to meet you.
When you leave your homes in New England, or
in the great West, 011 this mission of love—this
crusade" against the South ; when you come to
take slavery to your bosoms, and to subdue eight
millions of southern people, 1 warn you to make all
things ready. Kiss your wives, bid your children
a lone farewell, make peace .with your God ; for I
warn you that you may never return.
I repeat, we deprecate disunion. Devoted to
the Constitution—reverencing the Union—holding
ill sacred remembrance the names, the deeds, and
the glories of our common and illustrious ances-
try there is no ordinary ill to which we would
not bow sooner than dissolve the political associa-
tion of these States. If there was any point short
of absolute ruin to ourselves and desolation to our
country at which these aggressive measures would
certainly stop, we would say at once, go to that
point and give us peace. But we know full well,
that when all is obtained that you now ask, the
cormorant appetite for power and plunder will not
be satisfied. The tiger may be driven from his
prey, but when once he dips his tongue m blood,
he will not relinquish his victim withou a struggle.
I warn gentlemen, if they persist in their present
course of policy, that the sin of disunion is on their
heads—not ours. If a man assaults me, and 1
strike in self-defence, I am no violator of the pub-
lic peace. If one attacks me with such fury as to
jeopardize my life, and I sky him in the conflict, .
I am no murderer. If yon attempt to force upon
us eectionai desolation and—\vhs.t to us is inn-
n'itely worse—sectional degradation, we will resist
vou- and if m the conflict of resistance the Union is
dissolved we are not responsible. If any man
charges me with harboring sentiments of disunion,
heis'greatly mistaken. If he says that I prefer
disunion to sectional and social degradation, he
does me no more than justice. _
Does any man desire to know at what time and
for what cause I would dissolve the Union, I will
tell him: At the first moment after you consum-
mate your first act of aggression upon slave prop-
erty, I would declare the Union dissolved; and
for this reason: such an act, perpetrated after
the warning we have given you, would evince a
settled purpose to interpose your authority in the
management of our domestic affairs, thus degra-
ding us, from onr rightful position as equals to a
state of dependence and subordination. Do not
mistake me: I do not say that such an act would,
1W se> justify disunion; I do not say that our
exclusion from the Territories would alone jus-
tify it; I do not say that the destruction of the
slave trade in the District of Columbia, nor even
its abolition here, nor yet the prohibition of the
slave trade among the States, would justify it.
It may be, that not one, nor two, or all of these
combined would justify disunion. These are but
the initiative steps—they lead you on to the mas-
tery over us, and you shall not take these steps.
The man must have studied the history of our re-
volt against the power of Britain to but little pur-
pose who supposes that the throwing a few boxes
of tea into the water in Boston harbor produced,
or had any material influence in producing, the
mighty conflict of arms which ensued. Does any
man suppose that the stamp act and its kindred
measures produced the revolution? They pro-
duced a solemn conviction on the minds of our
fathers that Britain was'determined to oppress and
degrade the Colonies. This conviction prepared
a heroic people for resistance; and ihe otherwise
trivial incident of throwing the tea oveiboard sup-
plied the occasion for manifesting that state of
public sentiment. I wai n gentlemen by the his-
tory of these transactions, not to outrage the pa- ■
tienceofa patriotic people, nor yet, like the British j
1 King and Parliament, to spurn our entreaties, and
! turn a deaf ear to our prayers for justice. !
I Before the first fatal step is taken, remember that
| we have interests involved which we cannot relin- i
j quish; rights which it were better to die with than j
I live without. The direct pecuniary interest in-
1 volved in this issue is not less than twenty hundied
millions of dollars, and yet the loss of this will t^c
| the least of the calamities which you are entailing
' upon us. Our country is to be made desolate. We
; are to be driven from our homes—the homes hal-
lowed by all the sacred associations of family and
. friends. Weave to be sent, like a people accursed
of God, to wander through the land, homeless,
houseless, and friendless; or, what is ten thousand
' times worse than these, than all, remain in a coun-
! try now prosperous and happy and see ourselves,
i our wives and children, degraded to a social pesi-
i tion with the black race. These, these are the
! frightful, terrible consequences you would entail
i upon us. Picture to yourselves Hungary, resist-
j ing the powers of Austria and Russia; and if Hun-
i gary, which had never tasted liberty, could make
I such stout resistance, what may you not anticipate
| from eight millions of southrons made desperate
by your aggression. I tell you, sir, sooner than
submit we would dissolve a thousand such unions
as this. Sooner than a.low our slaves to become
our masters, we would lay waste our country with
fire and sword, and with our broken spears dig for
ourselves honorable graves.
You tell us, sir, there is no intention of pushing
us to extremities like these. 1 do not doubt the
sincerity of gentlemen who make this avowal.
]f there was fixedness in their positions I would
believe them, I would trust them, if members of
Congress were to the political what stars are to
the planetary system, I would take their solemn—
and, I hope, sincere—declarations, and be satisfied.
I should' feel secuie. But a few days, a brief
space, and you will pass away, and your places
will be filled by men more"hostile than you, as you
are more hostile than your predecessors, and the
next who come after your successors will be more
hostile than they. Look to the Senate—the con-
servative branch of the Government. Already
there are Senators from the mighty States of New
York and Ohio who repudiate the Constitution.
One [Mr. Chase, of Ohio] says the Constitution
is a nullity as regards slavery, and another [Mr.
Seward, of New York] declares that slavery can
and will be abolished, and that you and he will do
it. He tells us how this is to be done. He, too,
repudiates the constitutional obligation, and says
that slavery rests for its security on public senti-
ment, andtthat public sentiment must and will de-
stroy it. These are fearful declarations, coming
from that quarter. They evince a settled purpose
to pursue these aggressive movements to the last
terrible extremity; and yet, sir, we are asked to
fold our arms and listen to the syren song that all
your ills will soon be o'er.
And now, Mr. Chairman, befoj-e the sands of
my brief hour have quite run out, let me turn for
a moment to the late recent and extraordinary-
movements in the Territory of California,—move-
ments fraught with incalculable mischief, and .if
not arrested destined to entail calamities the most
terrible upon this country. I am told that the late
Adn^jlustration is in some degree responsible for
these movements. I know not if this be true.
I I hope it is not. Indeed, I have authority for
saying it is not. Certainly no evidence has been
advanced that the statement is true. But I care
not who prompted the anomalous state of things
now existing in California. At whatever time, and
by whomsoever done, it has been without prece-
dent, against the voice of the people's representa-
tives, in derogation of the Constitution of the
United States, and intended to rob the Southern
States of their just and rightful possessions.
Viewing the transaction in this light, and without
stopping to inquire whose it was, I denounce it as
unwise, unpatriotic, sectional in its tendencies, in-
sulting to the South, and in the last degree des-
picable.
Twelve short months ago it was thought neces-
sary to invoke the authority of Congress for the
people of California to form a State constitution.
The present Secretary of the Navy, then a mem-
ber of this House, did on the 7th day of February,
1849, introduce a bill for that purpose. The first
section declared " that the Congress doth consent
I that a new State may be. erected out of the terri-
tory ceiled to the United States," &c. (See'Con-
i gresiiontil Globe, 2 Sess. 30 Con., p. 477.)
| Whether the"honorable Secretary, as a member
j of the Cabinet,'advised'and consented to the late
extraordinary proceeding's in California, I pretend
not to know. I do know that he bitteily inveighed
against Gen. Cass in 1848, for a supposed intima-
; tion that the people of the Territories might settle
! the slavery question for themselves, and*chiefly on
! the ground that it was a monstrousoutrage to al-
■ low aliens and foreigners to snatch from the South
territory won by the valor of her troops. I know
J that he introduced the bill to which I have ad-
'! verted, and urged its passage 111 a speech which
:j was said to' have given him his position in the
II Cabinet. He certainly thought at that time, thkt
S the consent of Congress was necessary to the form-
;j ation of a State government in California. The bill
" itself, to say nothing of the speech, assigned one
pregnant reason for this thought, for by its second
section it declared "that the foregoing consent is
given upon the following reservations and condi-
tions: First, that the United States hereby un-
condilitmally reserves to the Federal Government
all right of property in the public lands."
It was then thought a matter of some moment
to reserve to the parties in interest, their right of
property in the soil. But the progressive spirit of
the President and Cabinet has gone far beyond
such idle whims, and " the introiluctiori of Cali-
fornia into the Union as a sovereign State is earn-
estly recommended," without reservation of any
kind, save alone that her constitution shall con-
form to the Constitution of the United States. If
any one here, knows the secrets of the Cabinet
councils he can best inform us whether Mr. Sec-
retary Preston thought it worth his while to inti-
mate to the President and his associate:-, that the
; formation of all independent government in Cah-
i forma would of necessity vest m such government
I the tight of property in the soil, and that her in-
i corporation into the Union without reservation,
j would be to surrender the right of eminent do-
main. It would disclose an interesting piece of
'cabinet history to ascertain whether so trivial a
' matter ever en^ro^sed the thoughts of Ih&t iuosfc
1 august body—the President and his constitutional
! advisers. . , , ,
' It is amusin" to see with how much cunning
! the author of the late special message endeavors
' to divide the responsibility of this nefarious pro-
ceeding with the late Administration. Several
times m the message it is broadly hinted that
President Polk took the initiative in this business.
This may be so. I have seen no evidence ot it,
and do"*not believe it; but whether true of false it
does not render the transaction less odious or more
worthy of support. The President himself seems
