1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
mm
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 8, 1850.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of James
Giddings and others, citizens of the District of
Columbia, setting forth their belief that they are
in possession of such advantages in the manufac-
ture of gas as will make their enterprise one of
great public utility, and of great economy, and i
therefore asking that an act may be passed to in-
corporate the Union Gas Light Company of the
District of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Kanawha
county, in the State of Virginia, asking that pro-
vision may be made bylaw for enabling Professor
Johnson to complete his experiments in American
coals, setting forth that their mines lie almost to-
tally unimproved, from the want of an accurate
knowledge of the different varieties of coal, and
the objects for which they can be profitably em-
ployed; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
J. N. Sewall, asking that provision may be made
for certain d^bts of the Chippe a a Indians, agieen-
bly to the frmrth article of the treaty of 1837,
concluded between the United States and those
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of G. K.
Lewis, ot Cameron county, Texas, setting forth
that the portion of the country iying between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande rivers was overrun
by hordes of savages, compelling him to abandon
his home, and making a complete wreck of his
property, for which he asks indemnity; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Afidiis.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial of citi-
zens residing on the extreme western border of
Missouri, asking the establishment of new posts
on the road to Santa Fe, and the employment of
a volunteer corps for the protection of persons
engaged in the Santa Fe trade,-setting forth that
the regular army is not the sort of force to bt
most effective, as past experience has shown, and
recommending a regiment of volunteers of one
thousand men, selected from the border, and
familiar with Indian character and Indian war!are
all their lives. They state, fuither, that they have ,
been engaged for years as traders and travelers ■
across the plains, and are pertectiy fatniliar with ,
the route and ail its difficulties, and have enduted \\ ately afterwards, he commenced the erection of a
long and patientlv the cold neglect of Govei riment '' **    D.vi^. L*. ..i,n
heretofore manifested hi relation to this commerce,
and contending that all Governments are bound to
protect their citizens in their lawful pursuits;
which was refened to the Committee on Military
Afftiis.
petition from the State of Rhode Island, signed by
Dr. Wayland, president of a university in that
State, and by the Governor, and many other gen-
tlemen of science, who ask Congress to make pro-
vision for the appointment and support of a scien-
tific corps, to be connected with the Boundary
Commission which is to establish the boundaiy
between the United States and Mexico. They
think that such a corps, in connection with the
commission, may make many valuable acquisitions
lo the sciences of botany, geology, and zoology,
i without any very great additional expense to the
Government. They also think that it will be the
| means of securing valuable knowledge with re-
j spect to the country; and they express the opinion,
I from their personal acquaintance with the comm:s-
j sioner recently appointed, thai heis peculiarly fitted
; to superintend and aid in such an exploration. 1
j move that the memorial be referred to a select
| committee of three, to be appointed by the Chair,
j The motion was agreed to, and the Chair ap-
j pointed, as the committee, Messrs. Clarke,
i Pearce, arid Douglas.
; PRIVATE BILLS.
j On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate
! proceeded to the consideration of Senate bill No.
i 227, being a bill for the relief Thomas Snodgrass.
i The having been read a second time, was con-
| sidered in Committee of the Whole, and no amend-
ment having been proposed, it was leported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read a third time, and passed.
FORT POLK, IN TEXAS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Senate to take up
a resolution which I introduced the other clay, m
relation to the removal of troops from Fort Polk,
in Texas. I have a very short statement to make
in reference to the matter, and it wi-ii require but a
moment.
Mr. CASS. Will the resolution be likely to
lead to any discussion ?
Mr. ROUS L'UN. Not at all.
The resolution was then taken up and read, as
follows:
Revolted, That the President of the Umied States lie re-
quest* (I to iurnuh tne Sfiiai*' wall copies, of .ill ord< t-3 let
ters, and coirt-t-pomJence, r* lawng to Foil 1 oik, nt tt.e £ia:e
ot Texas, as a military post, ami to commuii'cate to tin;
Senate the iimsoiis winch have induced lis. uiijovai."
Mr. HOUSTON. Point Isabel was taktn pos-
session of in March, 184G, by the American army j
under the command of General Taylor, fmmedi-
to have been unadvised and impolitic, and calcu-
lated to endanger the safety df Point Isabel, by its
being exposed to attack by Indians and other
marauders, known to be lurking in that neighbor^
hood, in considerable numbers, and who have on
one or two occasions, attacked and robbed the
trains of Wagons between Point Isabel and Browns-
ville. A good deal of anxiety is felt by those di-
rectly interested in the trade and prosperity of thi&
section.
This step of the Administration, at least, re-
quires some explanation, and it is the object of the
resolution to see how far the frontier has beeri
exposed by the removal of the troops from Point
Isabel.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
I am really surprised at the remarks with which
the Senator from Texas has introduced his reso-
lution. If he knows anything of the geography
of the country which he represents; and I am
bound to suppose he does, he must understand
very well that Fort Polk is not exposed to any
danger of attack from the sea, and that troops at
Port Polk could afford no protection to caravans
going from there to Brownsville. He must have
understood that Brownsville is much more ap-
proachable from the chaparrals in the neighbor-
hood, and stretching across towards the Nueces.
He must also undersland that the great commerce
of that country is upon the river, and that no ves-
sel of any size can go to Port Polk. Except wheft
a strong north wind prevails,and theses is driven
into the lagoon, inside of the Isla Patlre, there is
no possibility of any vessel getting in. It is a
shallow basin, in which only sail-boaisand canoes
can run. During the whole time our army occu-
pied that Irontier, ail the supplies which were
forwarded were landed at Basos Santiago. At the
time that General Taylor established that fort, we
were in a hostile attitude; it was a point selected
to connect with his position at Corpus Chrisli,
and with the transport vessels which thence ca:re
round by sea; but, now that we are at peace with
the inhabitants of the Rio Grande, and in posses-
si n of the whole country, with the river's mouth
arid navigation at our command, (here can be no
necessity for keeping tip this establishment any
longer. 1 am one of those who were opposed to
ihe establishment of a custoni-imuse at [hat place,
for reasons which were satisfactory to me then,
and winch 1 explained at the time, and can explain
again if necessary.
Air. HOUSTON. I only ask forinformau'on,
without any view to open a discussion upon the
subject. There is certainly no difficulty on the
fort at that place, culled Port Polk; he aiso in
formed the Govei nment that mat was the most eli-
gible sue for a dej 6'. to supply the wants of that |! part of the Indians or other'marauders, in march-
whole line of operations. His emphatic language 1  . .. . . .
was, " our great de| o". must be heie." (See dis-
JVlr. KING nresented the memorial of Jonathan
Elliot, United States commercial agent at ihe ciiy
of San Domingo, asking to be reimbuised for ex-
penses inclined in maintaining refugees in his
house. The memorialist states that during the
civil war in the'Dominican Republic, a large num-
ber of persons, chiefly women and ( hildren, sought
refuge under ihe protection of the American flag,
an asylum he could not refuse without bringing
■ reproach upon himself and Government, and he A'as
subjected to great expense in maintaining said
refugees, the city being m a state of siege, ami pro-
visions being difficult to obtain, even at extravagant
prices. The memorialist further states that his I
colleagues, the English and French Consuls, who
likewise made their houses the asylum to other
refugees, have received the marked approbation of
theirvespective Governments, and been reimbursed
for the expenses tluis-jncurred. The memorial
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of traveling
preachers of the Methodist ^Episcopal Church m
the East Maine Conference, asking that the fur>-
ther extension of slavery in the United States may
be prohibited by law; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would, on
the first suitable oppoitunity, ask leave to intro-
dure a bill to alter and fix the time of the meeting
of Congress.
SCIENTIFIC CORPS.
Mr. CLARKE. I am requested to present a
patch, Maich 28.) J'he f'ott, hospital, and other j
builumgs there Erected cost the Government at j
least seventy thousand dollais. They are large, !
commodious, and well situated to suit the purpose i
for which they were located there. This place, as
well as Brownsville, is rcmaikably healthy for a
souihern laiitude.
Point Isabel is about ten miles from the mouth
of the Rio Grande, and near twenty in a dnect line
from Brownsville, the most flourishing town on the
Rio Grande Point Isabel, from its contiguity to
the harbor at the Braso3, and from us relative
position to Brownsville and,the Rio Grande, is
now, and must continue to be, the great point of
transhipment for the large and improving trade
now successfully carried on upon that river. Xins
trade, during the past year, I have been satisfac-
torily assured by those who know its character
and extent, has amounted in the aggregate to the
large sum of ten millions of dollars; or, in other
words, goods imported to the value of live millions
of dollars, chiefly through Point Isabel, and ex-
changed for specie, hides, wool, &c., to the same
amount returning through the same channel.
Point Isabel, as is well known, is ihe port of
entry for all the trade of that section of countiy.
Goods, money, and other property, often to a
large amount, are stored at that place, en roulf ,
each way. Until some time in April last, the
Government have had a greater or less number of
troops stationed at Fort Polk; but, some time in
that month.it is understood that an order was
issued for the evacuation of this place, and for
turning over the public buildings to the use of the
custom-house.
This proceeding is thought by the well-informed
n.g past Fort Brown and taking possession of (he
whole of ihe lower pomonof the country* If car-
avans have beui attacked below that point, u ar-
gues that the fort gives no piotection to them, if
iney can march round to Point Isabel.
Mr. DVViS, of Mississippi. I can see no
countiy Uclovv Brownsville for Indians to maraud
upon. It is nothing but a mud flat. Brownsville
i is the point where the settleintnts begin, and theta
1 is nothing in the shape of cultivation or settlements
beiow. The location of a custom-house at Poir.t
. Label was bad policy in itself. But if it is neces-
sary to keep up a fort there for the sake of pro-
tecting the custom-house, in God's name let is
give up the custom-house. The idea of holding a
custom-house in a portion of the country so desti-
tute of population that a little ganison must be
kept theio to prcventlnJians fiom taking it, seems
to me to be a great piece of foliy, aod is opposed
to my notions, uf commercial requirements.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should imagine that if
troops were necessary at any place, it would be
where the population is small, as at Point Isabel.
1 think it would be a miseiable policy to march
the troops to Brownsville and leave Point Isabel
unprotected. A t Brownsville there is a population
of same thousands. It'the country absut Point
Isabel is a mud flat there is nothing to maraud
upon except the custom-house, and for this reason,
it seems to me, thcie is a greater necessity tln.t
troops should be stationed there than at Browns*
viile. As to the policy of locating a custom-house
at Point Isabel, 1 defer to the superior judgment
of the Senator from Mississippi, He, however,
agrees with the officers controlling that departmein,
and I shall not interpose my judgment against
theirs. But it happens that my opinion concurs
| with that of a laige majority of the representatives
