•262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. BO,
sureties of Samuel Swartwout, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Commutes on
the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, tcr which was referred the bill proposing
to the State of Texas the reduction of her bounda-
ries, the cession of her exterior territory, and the
relinquishment of all her claims upon the United
States for a consideration, to be paid her by the
United States, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the Territories;
which was agreed to.
INDIAN TITLES IN OREGON, ETC.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the resolution of the
7th of January, relating to the extinguishment of
Indian titles m Oregon, New Mexico, &c., re-
ported a bill authorizing the negotiation of treaties
with the Indian tribes in the Territory of Oregon,
and for the extinguishment of their claims to lands
lying west of the Cascade Mountains, and for
oilier purposes; which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BELL. I desire to state to the Senate that
in this bill there are some provisions relating to
the management of our Indian affairs in Oregon
which require early consideration, on the ground
that there are peculiar circumstances in the posi-
tion of the people of that Territory. On account
of the remoteness of the Territory from the seat
of government and executive authority, and the
difficulties of communication, it is especially im-
portant to have eaily action upon it. There is
another leason why action upon the bill ought not
to be delayed. It can scarcely be expected that a
communication can be made to Oregon and an an-
swer received in less than four or five months, and
I am informed by the Delegate from that Territory
that there is scarcely an inhabitant in it who can
make any improvements, clear his land or build, :
with confidence, because there is not an acre of
land to which some of the Indian tribes do not set
up a claim. It is important to preserve peaceable
relations with the Indians, and extinguish their
tide by giving them such compensation as Gov-
ernment may think reasonable, and to which the
Indians may assent. For these reasons, I give
notice to the Senate that, at some early day, 1
shall ask attention to this bill for a short time,
when I shall offer some explanatory remarks in
regard to it. 1 cannot, however, at this time des-
ignate the day on which I shall desire to have it
taken up, nor will i ask that it be made a special
oiJer, for we have too many special orders al-
ready.
Mr. BELL asked leave to lay upon the table
an amendment, which lie. intended to offer to this
bill when it should be taken op for consideration.
His object now was that it might be printed for
the use of the Senate. The amendment was as
follows:
^ec. si be it Junker crwcfcd, That the sum of 
thousand dollar tie appiupiiated, out <>t any money m the
Treasury not i'thi r-.vt -c appropriated, to carry into eli'i/ct the
provisions of llns act.
ACCOUNTS OF A PENSION AGENT.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the memorial of .Newton
Lane, late pension agent at Louisville, Kentucky,
reported a joint resolution directing the account- j
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust the account
of New ton Lane, late pension agent at Louisville, J
Kentucky.
The resolution having been read by the Secre- j
tary— . I
Mr. JONES. I ask the indulgence of the i
Senate to permit that resolution to be passed
now, by request of the Committee on Pensions. 1
Mr. KING. What is the object of the resolu- ]
tion f ;
Mr. JONES. It is merely to authorize the
Auditor to place a fin of money to the credit of
the pension agent which he was directed to pay
to a pensioner^ an i which was -.aid. There is a <
ditfeience of a hundred and odd dollars between j
the account allowed by the auditing officer and the !
amount paid by the pension agent. i
ivi.;. MNG. Is it the report of a committee ? ]
Mi. JONES. It is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no ob- j
jeetion, the resolution will have its second reading ]
and be considered as in Committee of the Whole. I
tyTr. KING. I ask the Senator from Iowa to
give us some explanation. Why has it not been
placed to the credit of the agent, in conformity
with the rule on that subject ? On what ground
has it been withheld ? Haslt been paid to a per-
son not entitled to receive it, or has more been
paid than the pensioner was entitled to ? I should
like to understand how the matter is.
Mr. JONES. The explanation is, that the
Commissioner of Pensions directed the pensicfti
agent at Louisville, Kentucky, to pay the pension
of a pensioner, amounting to $870 and some cents.
In accordance with that direction, given by the
Commissioner, the agent paid over the pension,
and in returning his account to the Third Auditor
of the Treasury Department, the same was re-
ferred to the Comptroller, who decides that there
is no law to authorize the payment of the whole
amount by about one hundred and odd dollars.
Mr. KING. He paid too much, I understand.
Mr. JONES. He paid too mu;h ; but pre-
cisely the sum which the Commissioner of Pen-
sions directed him to pay.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make a statement
to the gentleman from Alabama, if he is not al-
ready satisfied. The facts of the case are these:
The pension certificate was issued to Mr. Ed-
wards for ten years' pensions. Mr. Lane was the
pension agent to pay these pension certificates.
Upon the face of the pension certificate there were
ten years' pensions due. The pension certificate
was issued in behalf of a woman; it was present-
ed, and the agent paid the pension from 1836 to
1846. Subsequently, when the agent came to set-
tle his accounts at the department, he was told that
the certificate was improperly granted, and that
there was no law which would allow the pension
to extend beyond the year 1843. It will be per-
ceived that the agent paid up to 1846. Now the
Comptroller says the acts of Congress ought to
limit it to 1843. Mr. Lane says that is not his
fault. He could not help it. He went by the
pension certificate, and paid accordingly, and that
lie ought to be repaid all that he has paid.
Mr. KING. Is the certificate there'
MY. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir; it is all there.
I have examined the facts as stated by Mr. Lane,
who is one of my_ constituents, and they are all as
I have stated. It is a clear claim on his part against
the Government, and the fault, it any, is the re-
sult of the improper issue of the papers, and not
his, at all.
There being no amendment offered, the resolu-
tion was reported to the Senate; it was ordered to
be. engrossed for a third reading, and v/as subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved^ That tile Committee on Public Lands he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of causing to ho pre-
p'aied and printed a collection of the official instructions, of
ageueia! chaiacter, whic h have been issued fiopi tune to
tunc relauve lo the dispo-al and sale o[ the public lands, to-
gether wrdi theofficiai opinions of the Attoinev General on
questions anhnLr under the land Saws, and a compilation of
the Spanish laws and regulations for the sales and donation
ol taud, so fat as the same app1)' toteintoi) now owned by
the United States.
SLAVERY A LOCAL INSTITUTION.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I move to
take up the resolution which I offered and laid
upon the table on the 14th instant, for the purpose
of having it made the special order of the day for
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was taken up and read as follows:
Wticrea- the Congress of the United State?, possessing
only a delegated authority, have no powei oxer tiie subject
of negio slavery within the limits of the United States,
either lo prohibit or interfere with it in the States, Territo-
ries or Distnet wheie, by municipal law, it now exists, or to
eslabit^h it in any Stan oiTermoi} wneie u does not exist;
but, as an a^urai.ee and guarantee lo p onsets harmony,
quiet apprehension, and lemove seetiena! pifpidice, winch
by possibility might impair or weaken love and devotion to
the Union in any part ot tiie countrv, it is heiehy
Reiolved, That, as the people ill Terntones have the .;imp
inherent ng'its of sell-government as the peooia in the
States, if, in the exerci-e ot such niiieienl rights,'the people
in the lc wly-aequired Terutories, by the annexation of
Texas aed the acquisition ol California and New Mewco,
south of the parallel of 3o degrees and 30 minutes of r.oith
latilude, extending to the Pacific ocean, sliail establi.-h ne-
I'ro slavery or prohibit it, ^uch establishment or piohibition
of negro siaveiy, m the formation of their State govern-
ments, shall be deemed no objection to their admission as a
State or States into the Union, in accoidancewith tiie Con-
stitution of the United States.
The motion to make it the special order for
Monday next was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I have a
resolution which I wish to present. I desne that
it may be read and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Resolred, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to each
family, (not landholders or the owners of property worth the
sum of ®1.500,) citizens of the United States, or emigrants
who aic now here or may arrive previous to the 4th March
next, 160 acres of land ; and when said families shall have
lesidedupon the said land so granted ihiee years continu-
ously, and shall erect buildings and clear ten acres ot ground
thereon, a patent shall be is- ued by the Government of the
United States free from all cost to the grantee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would remark, sir, that
that resolution was prepared as ail amendment to
a resolution presented by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward.] Expecting that it would
have been called up previous to this-time, I with-
held it until now, intending to make it a subject of
amendment to the resolution of the honorable
Senator from New York. That resolution not
having been called up, I think proper to present
this as an original resolution. As various plans
for the purpose of promoting the settlement of the
public lands have been suggested, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, I may say that I
think those lands could not be better disposed of
than in providing homes for the necessitous citizens
of our country, and those who may come to our
shores requiring assistance. As those schemes
have been referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, 1 have thought this a proper time to move
i this resolution. I beg that it may be referred to
| that committee.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I merely rise to
! suggest that I see no lieceesity for having this res-
' olution referred and printed. I rather think it will
I pass without the formality of a report. Whilst I
am up, I beg to say that I think this decidedly the
j best " bid" that has yet been made. (Laughter.)
: I give the honorable Senator the more credit for it,
because this sort of contest was commenced by
those who are hard to beat. The only objection I
have to the printing of the resolution is this: I
am afraid it may awaken some improper feeling in
the country. I am afraid it may awaken undue
feelings of expectation; expectations that may
not finally be gratified, expectations that I hope
may be gratified, but which 1 much fear may not
be gratified. If the only effect of printing such
resolutions was to strengthen the personal popu-
larity of particular gentlemen, I should be mciif-
feient about it, and if any good effect was likely
to anse from it, I should be very glad. I con-
clude, by repealing that I think this is decidedly
the best "bid" we have had yet.
Mr. HOUSTON. I can assure the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] that upon the sub-
ject of 11 bids" I have never been distinguished;
nor am I on this occasion emulous of any success,
that I know of, but one, and that would be to rec-
;j oncile matters here and eet to business. But if
l; the honorable Senator from Mississippi entertains
!i the slightest apprehension that I have any idea of
I' interfering- with any other southern gentleman
' j who has " bids" to make, he is certainly mistaken;
II for I can assure the honorable Senator that I can
11 have no aspirations which would conflict with
: those claims to which he is so justly entitled.
(Laughter.)
This is a measure originating not with reference
to any ulte. lor object, further than the accommo-
i nation of such persons as arc really necessitous in
. our oxvn < ountry: and not, as 1 remarked, intend-
ing to m.i^e it a substantive resolution in its origin,
| but for the purpose of embracing a large? portion
i of our population, and such as will necessarily ar-
l, rive on ourshoresand mingle with our population,
!' (winch was the sole object I had m view,) 1 would
i have been glad, sir, to have offered it as an amend-
1 ment to the resolution of the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward j it will be re-
' metnbered that I have made no efforts to bring
myself particularly forward on the floor of the
I; Senate, or to,intermeddle in the discussions which
' have resulted; and had it not been for a peculiar
^ degree of seneitiveness on the part of the honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi, apprehending some
;! collision that might arise in relation to " bids," I
:! presume this motion would have passed unop-
