1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
posed. The policy which I have always enter-
tained, and upon which the country acted in which
I have been situated for years past, has been a pol-
icy liberal towards emigrants, liberal towards cit-
izens; and, in appropriating the public domain, has
acted upon the principfe that an independent and
well-established population is of more advantage
to the community as a republic than the posses-
sion of public lands that were unprofitable, nei-
ther paying taxes nor contributing to the general
wealth of the country. Influenced by a policy of
this character, I would be glad to see it established
here. Millions cannot number the amonnt of acres
that we have of public,domain in this country,
that is unprofitable, and unoccupied; and when
you cast your eyes to the cities of ihe North and
the cities of the whole Union, you will find millions
of citizens, millions of people there, who are de-
pendent on the charity of the country, living mis-
erable dependents on their daily labor for their
subsistence; and if you can transfer them to our
western and southern borders, you will placo them
in a position to establish a state of profitable inde-
pendence and respectability, m which they can
rear their families, educate them, and build up
society on-our borders with intelligence equal to
that which adorns our principal cities. Cities will
rise, sir; and this is the way to extend our do-
minion over the forests of the country, and to give
support and impart happiness to millions who
would otherwise be wretched, miserable, depend-
ent, and degraded. These considerations, Mr. ,
President, have influenced n1e in part, in handing i
in this resolution; merely to add to the resolution
of another gentleman, that it might be more com-
prehensive in its operation than to appropriate it
to emigrants or the inhabitants of a particuliar
■country.
1 sympathize, Mr. President, with the oppressed
and ruined Hungarian, while I despise the power
which has trampled him down. I regret the un-
heard-of cruelties that are now perpetrated over
the broad land of fair Hungary, but, sir, we have
other emigiants to our country with whom we
claim the closest ties of affinity, and are bound by
nature and by kindred. These people are flocking
to our shores. If we extend to them a welcome,
let us extend with that welcome real benents. We
have millions and millions of acres that we can
give away, and have a residuum of millions more
left. I have looked into the statistics of this sub-
ject, sir, and I would be rejoiced to know that
one-half of our public domain was given away to
those who will become occupants of it, and who
will cultivate it with advantage to themselves and
to the country, and, in addition, add to our im-
ports and expoits, develop our resources, and in-
crease the revenue of the country by the imposts
upon articles of consumption.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I hope the
committee to which it is proposed to refer this res-
olution will give it that consideration to which it
is entitled, and that they will consider the great
advantages which will arise not only to the coun-
try sir but to the beneficiaries of this policy.
And I can assure the honorable Senator from Mis-
<sissinDi. [Mr. Foote,] with all cordiality of feel-
ing and regard, not only for his locality, but for
his preeminent talents and usefulness, that I will
not place myself in competition with any bid
that he may hereafter make. [Laughtei.]
Mr MANGUM. I hope, m the notice I am
about to give, I may not be considered as a
" bidder," or one in competition witn those emi-
nent gentlemen to whom reference has been made.
But, looking at the various propositions which
have successively appeared m this body—3R®f'°'n
the honorable Senator from the Empne Stae of
New York; one from the distinguished Senator
from the Bay State; and now this from our young
SiSMi'TDOlJGLAS. Illinois preceded them all.
Mr MANGUM. Yes, sir; and one from Illi-
nois always in advance of the rest—-it seems to me
we have obtained a position like that of a ship s
crew when the vessel is about to go (.own m a
storm—when they resolve to break up the stoses
end car-0 and distribute them among themselves,
ft seems to me that some imagine that those news-
paper representations must be re led on which pie-
§?rtthat we are about to break up; and, in ad-
nf that event, a spirit of universal spoliation
Tms w be riflln the llnd If the public domain
T to be given away-and I hope I may not be
considered in the light of a " bidder;" I have not
yet entered the arena—I give notice that I may,*by
possibility, when these measures come up for con-
sideration, move as an amendment the granting of
three hundred and twenty acres ofiand to actual,
settlers; and I would add, that, as, in consequence
of the agitation of the times, the tenure by which
a^certaiii species of property in the Union is held
is supposed to be gradually weakened, I will throw
m a negro apiece to each of the settlers. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SEWARD. The resolution which I had
the honor to submit on the subject, which is now
under consideration, perhaps may as well be
brought distinctly in its focm before the Senate,
and I now ask that it may be read.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the conduct of Austnaand ofJRussia, in the
wai in which these Towers have subverted the nationality
and the libei ti(\- of Hungary, has been marked by injustice,
oppression, and barbarity, whidi justly deserve the con-
demnation of mankind, while thfy commend the Hungarian
people to the sympathies of other nations, and especially of
republican States ; and tbat the Committee on the Public
Lands be directed to inquire and report on the propriety of
setting apait a portion of the public domain, to be granted,
free of all chargcs, to the exiles of Hunjraiy already arrived
and hereafter to arrive in the flnited States, as well as to
the exiles fleeing from oppression in other European coun-
tries. *
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it will be rec-
ollected that at a very early day of this session,
the distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr.
, Cass] introduced a resolution, winch it was pro-
i posed to refer to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
J tions, instructing them to inquire and report on
! the expediency of suspending diplomatic relations
j with Austria, and on that occasion that honorable
; Senator enforced the resolution in an argument of
f surpassing power and interest. The grounds upon
1 which he, recommended the suspension of diplo-
matic intercourse with Anstria were, the oppres-
sion and barbarity of Austria in herrecentwar with
1 Hungary. I listened with very great interest and
I with deep conviction to the speech of the Senator,
' in which he portrayed these accusations against
! that Power. But I was not prepared, I am not
yet prepared to think that a suspension of diplo-
! malic intercourse with Austria is the proper form
of giving expression to the sentiments which were
expressed by the Senator, and in which I sympa-
thized, and in which I doubt not every Senator
: sympathized with him.
It was under these circumstances that I submit-
! ted the resolution to the Senate in which I ex-
J presed this sentiment of the Senate, (as I assumed
j it to be,) and this sentiment of the American peo-
i pie, in condemnation of the atrocious conduct of
: Austria, and of deep and profound sympathy with
| the Hungarian people in their struggles for nation-
, ality and independence. .
1 I have never called up the resolution which 1
i offered, for these reasons: In the first place, 1 did
! not think it became me to press upon the Senate
I the consideration of the resolution which I had
J offered upon this or any other subject. In the
! second place, I deemed it a matter of respect winch
I I owed to the honorable Senator from ^Michigan
j to suspend the calling up of my resolution till he
; could have an opportunity to test the sense of the
,i Senate in regard to the resolution which he had
j! submitted; and it would have been indecorous on
ii my part, if I had sought to anticipate the action on
ij his resolution, especially as I have seen every day
■i duiing the last week that he was desirous of bring- j
ji ing it forward at the earliest opportunity. When i
i! he docs this, I do not wish to embarrass it with I
mine as an amendment; bccauae, if the majority
of the Senate should vote for that resolution, it
does not coflict with the one I have oflered. If
they shall disavow it in the form in which it was
presented by the honorable Senator from Michi-
■ gan, the proposition which I have offered will be
j one which I shall endeavor to explain in such a
' manner as I may be able, and whicli I should hope
! will commend itself to the Senate upon considera-
i tion.
I hope, with this explanation, that the honora-
ble Senator from Texas may have his resolution
disposed of in such a manner as may be agieeabie
to him; either that it may lie on the table and
come up separately, or as an amendment to mine,
or as an amendment to the resolution of the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts; and on my own
part, after this explanation, 1 have no desire to
occupy one moment in defence of my own resolu-
tion at this time. If it is thought better that all
these resolutions should be sent to the proper com-
mittees, I am ready to ask that, after the resolu-
tion of the honorable Senator from Michigan shall
be disposed of, the resolution which I iiave offered
shall be sent to an appropriate committee.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not rise
to discuss this question. I have be,en gratified to
see these various propositions on this subject. It
shows that the attention of Senators from the
whole country, and from the extremes of the
country, is being favorably called to this question;
and I think when it shall have been fairly investi-
gated, it will be found that it is a policy of wise
and serious legislation, and not a mere " bid," in
the manner in which the honorable Senator from
Mississippi has facetiously represented it. I be-
lieve it is the true policy of this Government to
grant the public lairds, in limited quantities, to ac-
tual settlers who shall reside on it for some years.
I am glad to see the Senator from Texas cuoiing
forward and showing a willingness to catry out
the same policy which has been carried out in his
own State; and I am the more gratified, because
he comes from a State not interested, or, if inter-
ested, the interest is in conflict with this policy;
showing thai, nothing but a sense of justice, and
magnanimity, and a conviction that the policy is
right, could have induced him to bring it forward.
The same remark is true with regard to the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, who brought
forward a similar resolution.
My object in rising is to suggest to the honor-
able Senator from Texas the propriety of allowing
his resolution to lie on the table till the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts shall
be called up for action. The honorable Senator
from Texas will recollect that the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts brought in a resolution on
this subject a few days ago, m which he proposes,
by legislation, a plan for granting the public lands
in limited quantities to actual settlers. Uiat Sena-
tor, at the time, gave notice that at an appiopiiate
time he should call up his resolution for discus-
sion. As the resolution of the honorable Senator
from Texas now refers to the same subject, and
has the same object in view, I would suggest
whether it may not be well for him to allow his
resolution to lie over, and come up in connexion
with the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. I am told that resolution has been
made the special order for some day not distant.
Mr. SEWARD. It has not been made the spe-
cial order. He gave notice that he was waiting
only for the publication of certain papers, and
then he would call it up.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish to state to my friend from
Illinois, that in my remark about bids I did not in-
clude him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I -did not understand it so.
Mr. FOOTE. I understood the object of the
proposition made by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, as I have been consulted, and was pledged
to sustain if. .
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was fully aware, sir, that
my friend, the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote,] did not intend to include me in that list,
and therefore I felt no delicacy in expressing my
opinion pretty freely upon the subject. It is true,
! sir, that, on an early day of the session, I brought
! in a bill providing for the granting of one hundred
; and sixty acres of land to the actual settler who
' should reside upon and cultivate a portion of such
tract for the period of four years in succession.
That bill was read twice, and referred to the Corn-
nuttec on Public Lands, and printed. 1 introduced
i that bill believing that it embraced the true pnnci-
• pie upon which the public lands should be disposed
j of- behevin<* that the justice of it would commend
' itself to the approbation of the people of every
portion of the country; believing that the roan who
■roes into the wilderness, and makes the first set-
tlement, who erects his house, who makes nis im-
provements, who undergoes the privation to which
pioneers are subject, is entitled to the prefeicnce
over him who purchases the land merely for pur-
posts of speculation, and waits for the price to rise
to make his fortune from those who are to come
believe, sir, that that is the true principle on
which the public lands should be disposed or—a
princinie which is of as much importance to tne
South'as it is to the North, to one port'011 ot ttie
new States as to another—when the recently
