1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
appeal which has its foundation in the doctrine of
election by popular vote.- There is the'truth of
the principle upon which all thisgbes.
And, Mr. President, I have been struok with the
fact that in every resolution presented here invo-
king the exercise of the kindliness of our feelings,
our humanity, and our philanthropy—every reso-
lution designates no other individual than a voter.
Women and children are not mentioned. Sir,
where are the widows and children—those widows
who lost their protectors in fighting the battles of
your country on the plains of Mexico? What
provision has been made for them ?
Mr. SEWARD. You will find in the bill which
I shall present to the Senate in relation to this
matter that a provision is made for women and
children.  
Mr. DAWSON. I am speaking of the reso-
lutions which are to go before the electors of the
country. No, sir, not one of these resolutions
suggests any such provision. Sir, is there a heart
that does not feel for the sorrows of the lonely
widow, and those of the orphan, made so m the
defence of our own country, and in fighting our
own battles? Where can they go and settle on
160 or 320 acres of land, and remain upon it for
tin ee years as tenants? Who is to transport them
there? Yet this is a great national charity ! Na-
tional, sir, for foreigners. Natives, and especially
women and children, have not the least of your
sympathies!
There is another character of people in this
country that gentlemen seem to have a deep and
abiding affection for, and transplant them from one
section of this county to another. Sir, where are
the free negroes of your country, [laughter,] this
trodden down and oppressed race? Is any pro-
vision made for them? And then the outrageous
mandate of the Creator of all, that you shall "gaip
your daily bread by the sweat of your brow?"
Why is ail this? There is something at the bot-
tom of it; theie is some meaning in it; and I think
the sagacious and talented Senator from Michigan
has slated the truth; and his proposition, founded
upon manly and generous motives and principles,
although stigmatized in the beginning as dema-
gogism—I say it standsupon elevated ground when
compared with these other piopositions.
These are my views upon that point. And
again, sir, there is another thing at the bottom of
this. This is thegreat machinery of Government,
and its operations have a deep and tremendous
influence upon the public prosperity of this coun-
try, either in sections or in whole. This very dis-
position of the proceeds of the public lands, and
the manner of making them a great national char-
ity, finds its position alongside of the protection-
ists of this country. I have no doubt of it, sir;
and I meet it in the beginning; and I say that, as
honorable men, representing the interests of the
American people, who founded these institutions,
and have reared them to their present eminence,
they are the first people*to be considered. Who
is it that has done all this? It is your located,
permanent citizens, who have discharged those
duties from the foundation of the Government to
the present day. But the men whose homes are
fixed upon the spot of their nativity are not re-
garded. They cannot pick up their all and go to
a distant country; and, because they cannot do it,
they are not on the same equality with the man
who took up his all in Europe and came here.
A Senator. Perhaps lie had;nothmg to bring.
Mr. DAWSON. And who sh >11 not even be
nut to that terrible necessity, in the language of
the Senator from Texas, of " gaming his aaily
bread by the sweat of hin brow.'
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not interrupt the gen-
tleman now, but  ,
Mr. DAWSON. I consider that as one of the
happiest hits 1 have heard—I mean it, sir, in a
Pickwickian sense. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, we will come down.
Texas ue had to pay for when she came in; Cali-
fornia and New Mexico we have to pay for now.
Who is to pay for it? Now, sir, in any court of
eauitv the property purchased would stand as se-
curity for the pay mint of the debt. Bnt how is it
n0w  The property purchased is to be made a
Charity, to be given'to those who hase never
dropped a particle of sweat or spilt one drop of
blood They must have it; and the men who
have brought about this state of things—the old
people, the inhabitant, the citizens—must pay the
debt; in other words, you tax your people to raise
money to distribute outamong foreigners, that come
to this country, and other individuals who are en-
titled to vote at the ballot box. That is the whole
secret—the meaning of the whole machinery; and
yet public opinion is to be staited here by various
resolutions, and to be influenced by the combined
efforts of various gentlemen brought to bear upon
the, public mind at once; and public opinion
sinks down into perfect calmness and satisfaction,
and says, "Lol this is all right." And when
you come to make your appropriations in Con-
gress next year, you will find no item of revenue
arising from public lands—they have all been
given away. Where, then, are you to obtain
means for carrying on the Government and paying
its expenses? Then comes up the tariff; and we
are tcd4 we must raise money. The tariff comes
into operation, and after that the great question—
next to the question of slavery—comes to agitate
this country. Look at th^sources from whence
these things spring, and seWf it is not the part of
justice and piudenee to make some effectual effort
to arrest their progress.
And does it not strike conviction upon the mind
of every man that these fiequent elections, these
numerous aspirations for high elevation, are calcu-
lated to sap the foundation of out institutions?
Where is the system that is pervading the country
—where is the party that is carrying on any sys-
tematic course of legislation to conduct this coun-
try on in its prosperity and its ultimate glory.
There is none, sir; everything is confused; all is
disorder and tending to disunion. And yet we
are "bidding" upon the paitition of our country
merely for elevation to office; and forgetting to go
down to the acts of injustice which have been per-
petrated by one section on the other, and endeavor-
ing to remove those things and restoie harmony
and unanimity to the land. We foiget all that;
we disregard it; we trample upon it as we would
upon the spark until the flames break out upon us;
and then you will not have engines properly
manned to put out the conflagration which you
have kindled.
I have looked to these things, and I profess to
be one of the moderate men. No man is more
j conservative in his views than 1 am—none more
I desirous for the perpetuation of the Union in its
| prosperity and glory than 1 am. But yet, sir, 1
| look with sorrow—yes, sir, u ith deep melancholy,
upon the present aspect of affairs. 1 see no broad
patriotism, founded upon national grounds, which
can unite us all; 1 see everyihmg tending to sec-
tional combinations, that will be productive of in-
jury which 1 fear we cannot evade.
Why is it all? Because the great minds of the
country invade the institutions under which we
organized our Government, and are seeking
merely to float into office upon the cturent of ex-
citement which grows out of the present state of
1 had no idea that anything could have induced
me to offers word upon this subject; but such are
my feelings and views in connection with the
present condition of the country—sucli are my ap-
prehensions; and when I look around and com-
bine everything together, I see, m my humble
judgment, nothing working well; and 1 thought 1
would, upon this occasion, present the opinions
which I entertain upon the sutiject. And it results
in this; that the foundation of society, the gieat
mass of the people, who have been here from the
foundation of our Government, and raised then-
families, and settled permanently m the States, are
to be entirely disregarded. The lax-payers, and
the, payers for all the purchases made from the
Indians and from foreign countries are never
thought of. We have been legislating for the ex-
tremes and doing nothing for the great centre,
denying the man who is the pillar of his conntry
the rights which we give to the one who has never
lifted his finger; and to have it proclaimed here, and
boldly too, that out of the number of acres which
millions cannot calculate—that the fund arising
from thai land should not go into the treasury for
the public good, but that it shall be used for pur-
poses disconnected with thegeneral administration
of the Government—in other woids, to create just
such a fund as Congress may dispose of as it
pleases.
Now, I call for the power which gives Congress
the ri ht to distribute this fund by way of charity.
To whom does the fund belong ? It belongs to
the people of the United States in their capacity as
a corporation or federal union, eaqh holding its
own share; and we are sitiing here to exercise
delegated power, and have no right to dispose of
any part of the public domain or public property,
except according to the powers delegated to us by
the instrument under which we act. And yet we
are told that the revenue from the public domain
shall not go into the public treasury for federal
purposes, but that it shall be under the control of
Congress, to be disposed of as they in their judg-
ment may direct. 1 am opposed to these things,
and, in the language of the gentleman who spok«
yesterday, at the proper time" 1 shall protest against
them. 1 look upon it as the beginning of a course
which, like many other beginnings, will grow here
until it becomes insufferable.
Mr. DOUGLAS.- Mr. President 
Mr. DAWSON. I would say to the chairman
of the Committee on Territories that 1 spoke of the
resolutions, and not of his bill. That I have not
read.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I saw the Senator had not,
and his speech would perhaps create a very unfa-
vorable impression in regard to my bill, from er-
rors into which he lias fallen from not having lead
it, if permitted to go to the country uncorrected.
If the Senator had read my bill he would not have
made the speech which he has, or at least he would
not have made two-thirds of it.
Mr. DAWSON. I staled to the Senator from
Illinois that 1 have not read his bill. 1 have
spoken of the resolutions, therefore, and not of his
bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that. What I
was remarking was,that his language—ihe several
propositions being so and so—would leave the
public and the country to infer that the bill was
liable to the objections which be urges against ihe
resolutions of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] although combining these various prop-
ositions together.
In die first place, then, the Senator's position,
that this policy is one solely for the benefit of
foreigners from Europe and other countries, in-
stead of American citizens, is not well founded.
No such proposition is to be found in my bill, or
in the resolutions of the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] or from
Texas, [Mr. Houston.] Each of these proposi-
tions provides that there shall be granted 160 acres
of land to the actual settler, whether foreigner or
naVive—to the actual setiler upon the public lands;
and that would be including every man in Ameri-
ca, native born, and also every man who shall
come and make his home in America.
But the gentleman goes further, and intimates
that this is intended merely to catch votes, because
none but voters are provided for. In my bill he
will find that provision is made for the widow.
Mr. DAWSON. I submit to the Senator from
Illinois, that I have not read his bill, nor spoken
of it, and yet his whole objections to my remarks
are founded on that bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand it precisely,
and will make myself understood to the Senaior
from Georgia. The Senator made a speech not
founded on the bill, but on the resolution of the
Senator from New York. In using the words
" various propositions," it will be necessarily un-
derstood that he referred to all the propositions on
the subject.
Mr. DAWSON. Not to your bill, for I have
not read it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well,theresolutionofiheScn-
ator from Massachusetts does provide for the wid-
ows, and my hill also provides for females; hence
the objection that the females and widows were
not provided for, and that theactual American citi-
zen was not provided for, but that ihe policy was
solely for the benefit of foreigners to the exclusion
of Ameiicans, all falls to ihe ground, whether he
refers to my bill or to the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts. I wish this policy to be dis-
tinctly understood. We propose no bid to for-
eigners—no exclusive privilege to foreigners. We
propose a system of policy for the American Gov-
ernment to adopt, and that system shall be Ihe
graritin" of lands to the actual settler who resides
upon and cultivates the land, no matter where the
man is born. And this brings me to the argument
of the Senator from Georgia, so far as he as-
sumed that those benefited by this policy would
pay no taxes. Why, sir, the American born cm*
