*266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«Fcin  BOj
zen who goes in under this bill will certainly pay
taxes; and the foreigner who comes to our shores
and settles on the public lands becomes a tax-
payer by that very act, and thus every man of
tbem becomes a tax-payer. This policy, there-
fore, multiplies the number of tax-payers, and by
this multiplication relieves the burden of taxation
on the mass of the citizens. It is the very mode
by which to increase the revenue, develop the re-
sources of the country, and fill it with a hardy
and industrious population. Every man drawn
from a foreign country to this, under the provis-
ions of this bill becomes a new tax-payer, and
thereby contributes to the reduction of the burden
of taxation on the people.
I am equally opposed to the doctrine advanced
by the Senator from New York and to that ad-
vanced by the Senator from Georgia. The Sena-
tor from Georgia wishes to discriminate against
the foreigner, while the Senator from New York
in special cases wishes to discriminate in favor of
the foreigner. It has been an evil in this country
that too much discrimination has been brought up
against native and foreign born citizens; and those
who denounce foreigners are as much liable to the
criticism of seeking votes themselves by flattering
native American prejudices, as are those who,
make an invidious disciimination in favor of for-
eigners to the charge of seeking the votes of for-
eigners. There are two modes of seeking votes
on this question. In Philadelphia it is popular to
raise the cry against foreigners, and so it is in
other cities ; and if we are going to talk about
demagogism, it is just as easy to raise the cry in
certain sections, and secure popularity thereby, by
denouncing foreigners, as in other sections it is by
praising and flattering foreigners. The true policy
is to do neither. Receive the emigrant settler on
an equality with the American citizen, and make
no discrimination for or against either.
And to the Senator from New York I say, I do
not think his peculiar case makes an exception to
the rule. We have unfortunate men who fought
our battles in Mexico, native American born, and
entitled to as much favor as the man who was un-
fortunate in the cause of liberty in a foreign land;
and the man who is unfortunate at home is just
as much entitled to our sympathy as he who is
unfortunate abroad. The policy of the government,
then, should be this: to establish a system which
shall be wise and right, and which shall provide
for a proper distribution of the public domain,
making no discrimination between foreign born
and native settlers, but placing them all on an
equality. Then we should have no foreign and
native parties—no demagogism on the question.
Then we should have the true policy which binds
all together in the bonds of fraternal affection.
This is the true policy on this question, and 1 dep-
recate demagogism on the one side or the other.
And 1 say to the Senator from Georgia, that if he
had examined the principle involved "in these reso-
lutions as reduced to form in the bill now on his
table, he would not have made the speech which
he has made, for he would not have had the ma-
terial out of which to manufacture it, and there-
fore T think, if he will allow me to say so, he
should have examined the bill before the principle
itself is denounced, because thereby he would have
avoided the errors into which he has fallen.
Mr. DAWSON. The bill svas not before the
body when I addressed the Senate, and it is not
now. When the bill comes up 1 will give it a
proper consideration; and I have only to say to
the Senator from Illinois that his speech was made
on a proposition not now before the body.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will s*iy to the Senator
from Georgia that the resolution of the Senator
from New York, on which his remarks were
based, is not now under consideration; that the
propositions of the Senator from Massachusetts
are not now under consideration; and therefore, if
I am out of order in defending the bill against im-
plied charges when the biii is not presented here, !
then he is out of order in preferring those charges J
on these resolutions, when they are not under con- !
sideration. '
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it appears to i
me that this debate has commenced in the wrong '
place. From what has been slated, it should more ,
properly have been connected with the resolution I
introduced by the distinguished Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] As I have some remarks
i wish to submit on that subject, I move that the !
business now before us be postponed, and that we
take up that resolution.
Mr. BUTLER. As the Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] who has the floor on the
bill under consideration on Monday, will not be
here until to-morrow, I have no objection to the
motion, and will give the opportunity desired by
my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] by al-
lowing the resolutions of the Senator from Michi-
gan to be taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that thtf resolution of
the Senator from Michigan, inquiring intofjthe ex-
pediency of suspending diplomatic relations with
Austria, be now taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask permission of
the Senator from Virginia to submit a few remarks
in reply to the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator is anxious to
make them now, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I sincerely
regret that the resolutjj^i which I had the honor of
presenting to the Senate, should have been the
cause of any remark, or have led to the consump-
tion of the time of the Senate. But, since it hus
been introduced, and has been the topic of dis-
cussion, I feel it due to the Senate, and I feel it
due to myself, to explain the resolution, and, so
far as I can, to show that the honorable Senator
from Georgia, as well as the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] have misap-
prehended the character of that resolution. It is
possible, however, that the Senator from North
Carolina spoke, as the Senator from Georgia said
he did, in a "Pickwickian" sense.
It is understood or alleged that no provision is
made for females in this resolution; that its object
is to appeal to the voters of the country; and that
it is even below demagogism that such a thing
should be introduced. Sir, were it not for the char-
acter of the gentlemen who have made proposi-
tions, and who, without my knowledge, until this
discussion, have taken part in the agitation of this
subject, I might have misunderstood my motives
on the subject; but as it now presents itself, I am
left to conclude that it is a matter of great delibera-
tion and sound policy. I am satisfied that neither
the gentleman who first originated the bill, the
Senator from Illinois, the Senator from New York,
or the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
would have concurrently given their attention to a
subject that so exclusively embraced the principles
of demagogism. And, if it had even come from
the honorable and distinguished Senator from
Michigan himself, I should not have imputed it
to demagogism, as he might suppose. I should
have thought he had been long enough on the
frontier to have apprehended rightly the condition
of the people who flocked thither to obtain com-
fortable homes and secure a competency for them-
selves and their families. I should have been
ready to ascribe it to a higher motive than to that
ofdemagogism. I w.ould have thought that a love
of country and the generous impulses of humanity
combined to impress on his mind a conviction that
it was proper, wise, and just, not only to the indi-
vidual, but to the country.
Females, in the resolution I had the honor of
presenting, arc not disregarded, and if the honor-
able Senator from Georgia had given his attention
to it, he would have seen that provision was made
for those females whose means were limited, per-
haps, sufficient to take them to a new and forest
home, and to enable them to commence with scanty
means and laborious beginning. The gentleman
from Georgia as well as the gentleman from
North Carolina, misapprehended me, when, in
speaking of the men in the cities where the popu-
lation is overflowing and overridden, they sup-
posed I complaincd of their having to labor for
their daily bread. I said that, from the density of
the population and the want of means for their
support, they had'to beg for a daily pittance. I j
did not say labor for their daily bread; I have |
been too long accustomed to the hard-handed com- j
munity of the West not to feel that labor is as hon- i
orable as it is useful. We are unaccustomed to j
sympathize there with other than laborious hands, '
and the velvet fingers are seldom grasped ort the
frontiers of our country, where it has been my lot
to sojourn during my life. Labor is honorable,
and he that earns his living by the sweat of his
brow but meets the mandate of Heaven, and de-
serves the commendation of his fellow-man.
It was to provide increased facilities to the set-
tlers now in the country, and to those who might
arrive here by ascertain period, (the 4th of March
next,) that my resolution was introduced. And
will it not, 1 ask the Senator from Georgia, as well
as the Senator from North Carolina, be a wise
disposition; would it not be within the power of
the discreet and industrious Committee on Public
Lands to make such provisions as shall be wise,
beneficial to settlers, and advantageous to the coun-
try ? Sir, if the millions of acres of the public do-
main were surveyed, and every alternate quarter
section settled, and each other alternate section re-
served to the Government, the enhancement of its
value would more than trebly requite the labor and
cost, and render them amine of profit and advan-
tage to the treasury. I wish not to rob the Govern-
ment, but I wish to benefit those who rfould become
useful citizens, but who for the want of means
are not able to procure lands; those who are obliged
to remain in the overburdened population of the
cities, useless to themselves and to the country,
but who would be glad to get where their ener-
gies and enterprise could be employed with advan-
tage to themselves and benefit to the Government.
Nor is it for the purpose of encouraging foreign-
ers, beyond those now in the way of emigration
to this country, that I have proposed this resolu-
tion. The 4th of March is the limitation I have
proposed in regard to foreigners. I have no preju-
dice against them. I am ready to welcome them
to our shores and on our borders, where their labor
will procure them a competency, and thus prove a
blessing to them as well as to the country.
Sir, the Senator from North Carolina and the
Senator from Georgia have said that these coun-
tries cost money,and that foreigners have not bled
for the land and territory acquired. I am willing
to admit that those who have never reached our
shores have not done so, but by giving them a
location we give them an inducement for* their
fidelity to the institutions of the country. But if
the gentleman had cast his eyes to the neighbor-
hood of my desk, he would have discovered an
individual [Gen. Shields] who has personally
sustained your flag at Chapultepec and on the
plains of Mexico. That, sir, would redeem a
million of foreigners and give them a title to our
sympathy.
My proposition is not to invite the paupers of
Europe; they come upon us uninvited; but rather
to provide, if the time shall ever come, that they
must finally stop, when this proposition shall
cease. Sir, it has no connection with the tariff
question. I know not how it may be with other
gentlemen, but my proposition has no connection
with the tariff. My principles on the tariff are
well known, my votes well understood, and no
man in America is more opposed to an onerous
and oppressive tariff than I am. Since 1824 I
have constantly voted against such a tariff. But
no one can obtain exactly the tariff that they want.
As to the circumstances of Texas costing mo-/
ney, to which Senators have referred, Texas had
to purchase the boon of admission into theUnion.
What money was paid for Texas?—I ask honor-
able gentlemen. She gave her all—her arms, her
ammunition, her property, her stores, and her na-
tionality to the Union, and she stood independent
of athousand jarring influences to which honorable
gentlemen have alluded, and which I will view in
an appropriate place; but I will not allude to a
subject sufficiently disagreeable in itself, when I
deem it unnecessary. But Texas cost no money
to the Union, arid for the consequences which giew
out of her annexation she is not responsible.
Though an independent contracting party, she was
not the principal. Others sought her connection,
yet when wooed by the nations of the earth, proud .
to guaranty her independence and make it perpet-
ual on condition that she would not become an-
nexed, her steps were onward. They were drawn
by the cords of affection and fraternity, and
great, not humiliated, but firm, she entered this
Union for the purpose of benefiting and not of dis-
turbing it. As to the consequences, for which she
is not accountable, which have resulted, she is
ready to take her share of them, and to meet man-
fully the contest whenever it may arise, connected
with her admission into this Union.
Mr, President, I move that the resolutions be'
printed and that they lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD Will the honorable Senator
withdraw that motion for a moment, and I will
renew it ?
