THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOR THIS -SESSION;
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 16, 1850.
New Series. .'.No, 86.
in favor of the enactment of a law to authorize the
sale to the highest bidder of a marsh-and wet tract
of land in the counties'of and Adams, and the
bill directing the sale of MfVsh lands in the coun-
ties of Jay and Adams, in the State of Indiana, sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed,
recommending that the bill and resolutions be laid
on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the resolutions of the Legislature of Del-
aware, asking a donation of land for an asylum for
the insane poor, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the select committee on Miss Dix's
memorial; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Iowa, asking
a grant of land for the Davenport and Council
Bluffs Railroad, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me-
morial of certain citizens of Washington in relation
to gas lights, reported a bill to incorporate the
Gas Light Company in the District of Columbia;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. NOR.RIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of James A.
Goff, of Florida, praying compensation for horses
impressed in the service of the United States
during the Seminole war, by order of an officer in
the service of the United States, submitted a report
adverse to the prayer of the petitioner; which was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill fixing the
time for the future annual meetings of Congress;
"which was read a first time by its title.
The reading of the whole bill was called for,
and was read as follows:
Beit enacted, «$v. That after the adjournment of the
present sesiion the next and future meetings of Congress
sliilI be on the first Monday in October.
Mr. WALKER said he did not think it worth
while to have it referred; it could take its place on
the calendar.
The bill was then ordered" to be printed, and to
be put on the calendar.
Mr. DICKINSON, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce bills of the
following titles:
A bill for the relief of James Wormly, and
A bill granting a pension to Sarah Crandall;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
PAYMENT OF INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 49, being a bill to authorize the
payment of invalid pensions in certain cases.
Mr. KING. It is strictly in order to take up
resolutions lying on the table, and not have them
constantly superseded in this way. Resolutions
cannot be passed the day they are introduced un-
less by unanimous consent; they must lie over one
day. But if they are to be parsed over every day
in this way, there is no use offering resolutions
asking for information that may be necessary. I
hope resolutions will now be proceeded with in
the regular manner.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 will state briefly the reasons
why I desire to take up this bill. It is a bill to
authorize the payment of invalid pensions in cer-
tain cases. For three sessions—ever since I have
had the honor of a seat in the Senate—I have been
trying to get the consideration of this bill. Two
years ago I was not able to do it; last winter I was
riot able to do it; and thus far I have not been able
to do it this session. For this reason I have asked
to take up the bill out of its regular order, and I
hope the Senate will acquiesce in the motion, as
we have progressed so rapidly with the public
business during this session. [A laugh.] It is a
bill which I believe will lead to no discussion. It
86
is for the poupent of invalid pensions, and there
are but x of these cases remaining to be paid.
Provision has been made by law to pay others in 
dividually, and this is a general bill for the pay-
ment of the remaining six. It is for revolutionary
services, and as the revolution is now being en-
tirely absorbed by the new revolution taking place,
I think it but proper that we should dispose of
these claims.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senate will indulge
the Senator from Ithode Island. It is so seldom
ho makes an application of this sort that I think
we ought to allow his claim on the present occasion.
The bill having been read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, there
being no proposition to amend, it was reported
back to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT slated the question
to be on ordering the bill to be engrossed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 should like to know,
before giving my vote, how many millions will
have to be paid under this bill?
Mr. CLARKE. It will be seen by the report
that those who were receiving invalid pensions
under the act of 1820 had to relinquish these pen-
sions, or had them deducted from the amount they
received under the act of 1828. Subsequently, in
1831, I think, Congress passed an act providing
that these invalid pensions should be paid in addi-
tion to the amount paid under the act of 1828.
Certain persons, and among the rest General Bar- ;
ton, of Rhode Island, had relinquished their in- ■
valid pensions under the former act on receiving
this pension under the act of 1828. I had a list !
furnished me some time since, which 1 cannot find '
at this moment, from which it appeared that i
about three years ago there were nine of these in- ■
valid pensioners remaining who had not been i
paid the difference of $30 a month, between 1828 :
and 1831, and that three of these had been paid |
by special act of Congress, leaving six unpaid, ;
and when the petition of the heirs of William I
Barton wa3 presented, some years ago, the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, thought it
better to report a general bill—the one now under '
consideration—providing for these six remaining
cases, than to have to report separate bills each I
time an application was made. There are, there- i
fore, only six persons who can avail themselves j
of the benefits of this bill, and a memorandum (
that was furnished me from the Pension office ■
shows that the whole amount—provided it is all
called for—could not exceed something like
$9,000. There is about $2,000 due to the heirs
of this General Barton. He was a citizen of
Rhode Island, who distinguished himself in the
war, and, like many others who devoted them-
selves to the service of their country, was not only
poor himself in his old age, but left his family
poor. The whole amount payable out of the
Treasury, under this bill, provided it is all called
for, cannot exceed $9,000. 1 hope, therefore, the
Senate will allow it to pass.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and j
On motion of Mr. DAWSON, the further con- ]
sideration of the bill was postponed till to-morrow, j
CANAL IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. j
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu- i
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent:
Remlvei, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
inquire whether tile pre&ent condition of the canal m tins
city is not dangerous to the public Health, and report the
be.-t means of promptly removing the danger, if such danger
be found to exist.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the Senator
from North Carolina to modify his resolution, so
as to substitute the " Committee on Public Build-
ings" for the " Committee on the District of Col-
umbia;" for it is a matter peculiarly within their
jurisdiction, or more properly, that of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. BADGER. I would merely say, that the ;
House of Representatives have passed a similar \
resolution, directing their Committee for the Dis- ,
trictof Columbia to inquire into it.
Mr. MASON' It would bebetter, therefore, to
have two committees at work; and I think it comes
properly within the jurisdiction of the Ojomnjiftee
on Public Buildings. - '
Mr. BADGER. ' Well; I. have noobjectioS. .
Mr. MASON. Then let it be so amended. t
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE. " ,
Mr. MANGUM. 1 avail myself of this occa-
sion to give notice,fthnt to-morrow I propose to
call up for consideration the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] calling upon
the President for information relative to removals
from office. There is a vast deal of executive
business to begot through. The committees do
not feel at liberty to make reports upon nomina-
tions, and will make none until this resolution
shall have been called up and disposed of. As the
most convenient way of obtaining this object, I
move that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution, for the purpose of making
it a special order.
.The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 understand that the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] desiregfo say something
upon this subject, and I therefore"mov'e that the
resolution be made the special orderof the day for
to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF INTEREST.
Mr. HALE. I rise to ask a favor of the Senate.
A bill granting interest to the State of Maine-was
yesterday ordered to a third reading, andT ob-
jected to its passage. It has been suggested that
it puts me in the position of having a little resent-
ment against the bill, because my amendment
failed to meet with the concurrence of the Senate.
As I do not wish to rest under such an imputation,
I move to take up the bill now.
The bill was taken up," and read a third time,
and passed.
CLAIM OF GEORGIA
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to allow the payment
of interest to the State of Georgia for advances
made for the use of the United States in the sup-
pression of the hostilities of the Creek, Seminole,
and Cherokee Indians, in the years 1836,1837,
and 1838.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the Chair stated the question
to be on the amendment offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. At the request of the friends of
the bill, I withdraw that amendment, and give
notice that I will introduce a special bill to provide
for the case of New Hampshire.
Mr. BERRIEN. ,1 desire; to.sa'y that, on look-
j ing at the list of acts furnished me by the Senator
I from Maine, I find that they have been qualified
in the way suggested by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] by providing that no
interest should be paid upon advances unless the
Slate making such advances has either paid or
lost interest. I have, therefore, taken the provision
of one of these acts, which I submit in the form
of a proviso to this bill, declaring that no interest
shall be paid upon advances by the State of
Georgia unless that State has paid or lost interest
thereon.
Mr. KING. I should like to understand what
is meant by States having lost interest? Whether
it ia intended to apply to money taken from the*
State treasury and temporarily applied to purposes
such as those embraced in this bill ?
Mr. BERRIEN. If the Senator will permit
me a moment's explanation, I will say that the
Senator from Alabama should not object to the*
bill, as the proviso which 1 have submitted to the
Senate is taken from a law passed to reimburse the
State of Alabama for advances made by her on,
account of the General Government. It is in the
very words of that act.
Mr. KING. With regard to the State of Ala-
bama, the interest there was only allowed upon
