1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
may be attainable; and especially to all who would
intelligently legislate in relation to the commerce
in coal and in ai ticles dependent upon it for their
production.
In his capacity of a mining engineer ihe author
has given to practical men an account of the situ-
ation, depth, position of beds, methods of work-
ing, general management, modes of transportation,
and commercial rules applied in the provinces, all
the fruits of his own inspection on the ground,
and of inquiry at original sources. There is no
compilation, no reliance on mere hearsay.
The report on American coal, rendered and
published in 1844, was limited to the discussion
of the questions actually presented by the samples
of coal brought at its own request before the
Navy Department. This work contains a thorough
investigation of the numerous economical ques-
tions which arise upon the subject of this most
important mineral.
The American report contains an account of the
trial of a few samples of those foreign coals which
are most commonly found in the American mar-
ket, and the relative values of which it was deemed
expedient to have ascertained as guides in the pur-
chase of coals.
This American report has gone abroad, ha9 been
read, studied, copied, abstracted from and trans-
ferred into English, German, and other journals.
It has been made the basis of an extensive series
of investigations, extending over two and a half
years, on the coals of England, Wales, Scotland,
and Ireland. Its path has been followed essen-
tially in these researches, and its conclusions are
borne out, in the most satisfactory manner, by the
results of those labors abroad of which it has been
the occasion. The second part of Professor J.'s
present work embraces the first report (the only
one yet published) of the British commissioners,
together with remarks and comparative state-
ments, demonslrating the relations of the numer-
ous varieties of coals tested here to similar kinds
of cSals tried on the other side of the Atlantic, it
being now in our power to make known the re-
sults of the labors of others, which are proved to
have important bearings on our own mineral treas-
ures, their character, their relative advantages as
to position, and manner of exploration.
The third division of the work embodies a
series of researches on the character of coal, as
variously iilustiated by experiments of the author
on those of America and Europe—proving the
general laws which pievail in respect to us forms,
density, and other physical properties which dis-
tinguish it as a mineral body. A part of these
valuable remarks have been communicated to sci-
entific socities, and others published in scientific
journals of limited circulation. They are the fruit
'of laborious inquiries and extensive journeys of
exploration, and are here brought together and
condensed into a form to be easily made useful,
gome of the original publications containing the
papers from which they are selected are entirely
out of print.
The last division of the book contains some re-
cent investigations and numerous chemical analy-
ses of coals from various parts of the United
States and foreign countries; the coals of North
Carolina, Virginia, Western Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Kentucky, Illinois, and Arkansas, being among the
number. These chemical analyses are indicative
of important principles prevailing in these coals,
which may, and 1 hope will, be the basis of tuture
" research and experiment, under the auspices of
the Government.
Mr. President, I think that the offering of this
resolution is very appropriate, directly after the
discussion we have had here this morning upon
the public lands; the propositions that we have
heard having reference to the disposition of the
public lands, and most of them being to give away
the public domain without any return.
The proposition I now make, sir, is to put the
Senate and the country, as far as I can, in the
wav of obtaining possession of very valuable in-
formation respecting the public lands. In this
work will be found important informauon in re
srard to the value of those public lands, and the
gr.
that of tlie specimen ...
a small volume, but contains matter of the most
valuable kind. The matter is not derived from
conjecture, but is the result of his own expen-
errat mineral treasures of coal which they contain.
The style in which the work is got up is UKe
nf the aoecimen which 1 now exhibit, it is
ments, as well as of long and laborious experi-
ment, not only in this country but in Europe, and
the result and comparison of private experiments
and those made under the authority alike of this
Government and that of the British Government;.
I think it is a subject important to the interest of
every portion of this country, and in a very pecu-
liar manner to the interests of very many of the
States of this Union. The proposition is to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Senate to purchase a
sufficient number1 of copies for the use of the
Senate. I have left the number blank, and I now
move, sir, that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, with the accompany-
ing specimens of books. The number of copies,
may be determined by the committee.
Mr. COOPER. I rise, sir, only to state that I
have examined the work of Professor Johnson,
and find that it contains a great deal of very valu-
able information upon the subject of coal. In it,
as has been stated by the honorable Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] the various coal re-
gions of the British North American provinces not
only are treated of, but also the coal has been an-
alyzed with respect to its quality; and he has as-
certained the cost of mining and transportation
from the various parts of the United States, and
from England to the British provinces, where it
is to be sold. He has also examined various spe-
cimens of coal, produced in various parts of this
country, with their comparative merits as a fuel.
I think, therefore, that the Senate would derive
important information from the book; and I hope
that the proposition will be favorably received by
the Senate. I simply rose to express my con-
currence in the views expressed by the honorable
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borla.no ]
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
On motion-by Mr. FOOTE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and
after some time so spent, the doors were re-
opened, and—
The Senate adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 31, 1850.
The House met at 12 o'clock. The Journal of
yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said the mem-
bers of the House were charged with a great deal
of business to transact with the various Depart-
ments for their constituents. With the view, there-
fore, to enable them to do so, and to enable the
committees to attend to the press of business be-
fore them, he moved that when the House ad journs,
it be till Monday next.
A demand was made for the yeas and nays on
this motion; which were ordered, when
Mr. STANTON withdrew his motion, at the
suggestion of
Mr. WOOD, who rose and submitted to the
House the following remarks: #
Mr. Speaker: I rise to perform the mournful
duty of announcing to this House the death of one
of its members, my immediate predecessor on this
floor.
The Hon. Rudolphus Dickinson, a Represent-
ative from the Sixth Congressional District of the
State of Ohio, departed this life, in this city, on
the 20th day of March last.
Mr. Dickinson was born at Whately, Massa-
chusetts, on the eighth day of December, 1789.
He gradua'ed at Wilhamstown College, and soon
after emigrated to the State of Ohio, wheie he es-
tablished himself in the practice of law, at Lower
Sandusky, now Fremont; which continued to be
the place of his residence until the period of his
decease. By the successful practice of his profes-
sion and other pursuits in which he engaged, he
acquired a competent estate. For seveial yeats
he was a member of the Board of Public Works
of Ohio, and in 1846 was elected by the people of
his Congressional District to represent them m
this branch of the National Legislature, in which
he served through the Jast Congress, and was re-
elected, at the time of his death, to the present.
My jelations with the deceased were of the
most intimate and fuendly character. 1 knew-him
long, and well. In the discharge of official duty,
in business transactions, and in all the relations of
life, he was distinguished for his energy of char-
acter, great sagacity, strict integrity, prudence,
and judgment. Seldom engaging in an enterprise
without a careful examination of all its details, He
was enabled to foresee its results, and was conse-
quently eminently successful in whatever he un-
dertook.
In the midst of his honors,—with his faculties
yet strong and unimpaired,—in the prime of life,
he has be^n taken from among us, and has gone
to that bourn from whence there is no return,
and where neither the voice of censure nor ap-
plause can reach him in his last dreamless repose.
As a husband and father he possesed in an emi-
nent degree those bright? and shining qualities
which distinguish men in their private and social
relations of life. In the year 1827 the deceased
was united in marriage to Mi^s Margaiette Beau-
grand, of Lower Sandusky, the daughter of a
highly respectable French gentleman, who settled
there several years previous to the extinction of'
the Indian title in that country. Fortunate in his
domestic as in his social relations, his home was
the favored abode of happiness and peace.
No effort of mine, and no eulogy that I can pro-
nounce' upon this floor, will fill the void m the
widowed heart of the affectionate wife and devoted
mother, or cause the smile of joy and gladness to
brighten the faces of his orphan children; I muse
commend them to a- higher source*for consolation
in their bereavement.
May He who " tempers the wind to the shorn
lamb" extend his providential care to those who
are thus deprived of their protector and friend.
Let us whosnrvive profit by the example which
has been furnished us, of the uncertainty of life,
and of the necessity of always being prepared for
its close.
Mr. Speaker, as a mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, I offer for adoption the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That the House have lizard with deep and un-
feigned regret of the death, in thi> city, ot the Hon. Rudol-
phus Dickinson, a member of the ias-t Confess, and
member elect to the present Congress fioin the sixth Con-
gressional district of Ohio.
Resolved, A< a te-tiniony of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the officers and member* of thi- House will w< ar
the usual badge ot mourning on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk forward to the family ot the de-
ceased a copy <if these proceeding-*.
Resolved, That the House, a* a further mark of respect
for the memory of the deceased, will now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
And the House adjourned, accordingly, till to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and appropriately referred:
By Mr. PHOEV1X: The petition of Edmund Dexter for
cancellation of iran-portation bond.
By Mr. STANTOV,of Kentucky: The memorial and
proceedings of a public meeting of officers and *oUlu rs
of the late war with Great Britain, held ai Richmond, Mad-
ison countv, Kentuc kv, pra) ing bounty lands-for all tho>e
who served in that war.
Al^o, the memorial of Saul Pike, and seventy five other
citizens of Mayj-vilk, Kentucky, asking the reduction or the
rates of postage to two cents for every haif ounce of prepiid
matter.
Also, certain additional papers in the ca«e of the applica-
tion of the heirs of Colonel Holt Ride.son, for lemuueration
for {lie levolutionHiy f-eruces. of their ancestor.*.
Aivo, the memorial and pioeeeding?8 of a public meeting
of the old <o!di< rs of the war of 1819. at whieh Wemual
Thomas MetcaMe pres-ub d, h< Id at Fi ankioiu Kentuck},
a-kuiii for the pipage of a law granting bounty laud- to the
officers and soldiei> who served in the late war with Eng-
land in the vear 1812.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition, of II N. Gates
and other-, for a uniform rate of poMaue of two cent>, ai.d
the petition of David N. Cobnrn and twenl\-fonr other?,
for the same purpose ; which were referred to ihe Commit-
tee on the lko«t Office, ami Po*t Roadt-.
Al-o, the petition ot Prudence Doan, for French spoli-
ations. Referied to the Committee on Commerce
| Bv Mr. HOWE: The petition of William Dickey, ot
' Lawr'-nce count\, Perin-yK anm, pra.uiigr Com-ress to a.ioi-
I ish slavery and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
I Referred to the Committee for the Di>triet of Columbia.
NOTICES OF SILLS.
Mr PHELPS Rave notice on Wednesday last that on to-
morrow he would a^k leave to introduce bilis with the fol-
'"Ahill'nu'tlwrizi^ the conns of the United States to adopt
 h« nrietirp of the State courts in eml ea-ec.
A bill granting to the State of Mi-wmn the risrht of way
and a donation of public land* tor making a railroad from
Lexington, on the Mn^onri nvei, to Ohio uty,ai tue mouth
of thfc'Ohiorivpi in said State.
A bill granting to the Stale of Missouri the right ot way
and a donation of public land* lor milking a railroad from
Independence to Forsyth iu said State.
