1850.
THE CONGREISONAL (JLOfifc.
intimation comes in a shape so authentic, and
through so many varieties of communication, and
ell tending to the same result, that I have thought
it my duty to move the Senate to follow the ex-
ample which has already been set in the other
branch of the National Legislature.
At half-past eleven o'clock to-day, I called at
the President's mansion to inquire after his health.
] was informed that he had had a very bad ni^ht-
that he was exceedingly ill this moaning, but that
at that moment he was more easy and more com-
posed. I had hardly reached my seat in the Sen-
ate when it was announced to me that the fever
had suddenly returned upon him with very alarm-
ing symptoms; that appearances of congestion
were obvious; and that it was hardly possible his
life would be prolonged throus-h the day.
With the permission, therefore', of my honor-
able friend from South Carolina, who, I am sure,
like the rest of us,has those feelings on this occasion
which quite disqualify us for the performance of
our duties, even in this very important crisis of
public affairs, I venture to move the Senate that it
do now adjourn.
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
" Resoteed, Tftat the Hon, Messrs. Wiatbrop Morse
apPomted a committee On the part of
xi1i8 *10llsc« to toin l  . \ . .
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 10, 1850.
DEATH OP THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES.
A few minutes past 11 o'clock the Senate was
called to order by Asedrit Dickens, Esq., its Sec-
retary, and an impressive prayer was delivered by
the Rev. C. B. Bctler, its Chaplain.
The Secretary then said: With the permission
of the Senate, 1 will read a communication which
1 have received from the late President of the Sen-
ate:
Washington, July 10, 1850.
To the Senate of the United Stales:
in consequence of the lamented death of Zach-
. ary Taylor, late President of the United States,
1 shall no longer occupy the chair of the Senate;
and I have thought that a formal communication
to that effect, through your Secretary, might en-
able you the more promptly to proceed "to the
choice of a presiding officer,
MILLARD FILLMORE.
The following message was then received by
the hands of George P. Fisher, Esq., from the
late Vice President of the United States:
Washington, July 10, 1850.
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and of the Home of Representatives:
I have to peiform the melancholy duty of an-
nouncing to you that it has pleased Almighty God
to remove from this life Zachary Taylor, late
President of the United States. He deceased last
evening, at the hour of half-past ten o'clock, in the
midst of his family, and surrounded by affectionate
friends, calmly, and in the full possession of all his
faculties. Among his last words were these, which
he uttered with emphatic distinctness: "I have
alvvaysdone my duty; 1 am ready to die; my only
regret is for the friends I leave behind me."
Having announced to you, fellow-citizens, this
most afflicting bereavement, and assuring you that
it has penetrated no heart with dieper grief than
mine, it remains for me to say that I propose, this
day, at twelve o'clock, in the Hall of the House of
Representatives, in the presence of both Houses
of Congress, to take the oath prescribed by the
Constitution, to enable me to enter on the execu-
tion of the office which this event has devolved on
me. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Mr. WEBSTER then submitted the following
resolutions: °
Resolved, That the two Hou-eswin assemble this day in
the Bali of the House of Representatives, at twelve o'clock I
to be present at ilie administration of the oath presented bv '
the Constitution to the late Vice President of the United
States, to enable him to dlsehai^e the powers and dnti*^ of
the office of President of Hie United States, devolved on
him by the death of Zachary Taylor, late President of
the United States.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate present the
above resolution to the House of Representatives, and ask
its concurrence therein.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Richard M. Young, Esq., their
Clerk:
"Mr.'President, the Home of Representatives have
passed tlie following resolution, in which they iraura tlio
Goneim*6noe of the Senate :
ir"r~7~7>. " a committee on the part of
th • £, ' K loin such committee as may (re appointed by
the ben ate, to wait on the President of the-United States
Svm'wIImL. " tl,?uhe Senat« and House of Xepresentn-
read"!e8s to receive liuu m the Hall of the
J? -,Sen SI,ay' at twe,ve o'clock, for the
SKtaii ("ESSI"8 * ad™ "stration of the oath pre-
scribed hy.the Constitution, to enable him to enter uoon
the execution of the Qffice." p
■The Senate then proceeded to consider the reso-
lution, ana, having concurred therein, it was or-
dered that Mr. Socle, Mr. Davis of [Massachu-
setts, and Mr. Underwood, be the committee on
their part.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sematives accordingly.
After a short absence the committee returned,
and
Mr. SOULE, on behalf of the committee, re-
ported that they had discharged the duty confided
to them, and that the President would be in at-
tendance in the House of Representatives at twelve
o'clock.
The Senate then proceeded to the House of
Representatives, preceded by their Sergeant-at-
Arms and Secretary.
The Senate having returned from the House of
Representatives, the following message was re-
ceived from the President of the United States.
[This message will be found in the House pro-
ceedings of this day.]
The message having heen read—
Mr. DOWNS said:
Mr. President: I- rise, as a member of the dele-
gation of the State whose citizen the late President
of the United States was, to offer resolutions suit-
able to the occasion. The announcement of his
death has been already made officially here and
elsewhere; and on the wings of lightning, and
almost as swift as thought, the sad intelligence has
been conveyed to remote portions of this great Re-
public. How sublime, as well as melancholy, is
the scene in which we are now engaged ! But a
few days since—less than a week—many of us
sat near the then President of the United Stales
and saluted him in health, at the base of that mon-
ument which the hands of a grateful posterity are
now raising to the memory of the first and the
greatest of his predecessors—hero, statesman, like
himself—and where we had assembled to pay de-
votion to the memory of the man " first in war,
! first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrv-
| men," and to rekindle anew, in the breasts of all,
that spirit of union, fraternity, and liberty, with-
out which we shall prove ourselves unworthy of
our revolutionary ancestors, and a reproach to
their memory. Yes, there sat, quiet and placid
as the gentle breeze from the Potomac that cooled
his heated brow, the man, whose very pathway to
his log-cabin schoolhouse in Kentucky, the
" Bloody Ground," was beset by the tomahawk
of the savage, and who had passed through four
wars and many of the bloodiest and most glorious
battle-fields of his country unscathed—at the head
of the greatest Republic of this or any other coun-
try, protected, not by bayonets, but by the affec-
tions of his countrymen: yet, in a few short days,
in the midst of this quiet, peace, prosperity, and'
fame, he was to approach that doom which awaits
us all.
Zach'art Taylor was born in 1784, in Orange
county, Virginia. In early Ijf'e he gave evidence
of extraordinary energy and force of character.
In 3808 he was appointed, during the Presidency
of Mr. Jefferson, lieutenant in the army of the
United States; rose, in 1812, to the rank of cop.
tain; and, after the declaration of war with Great
Britain in that year, he was breveted major by |
President Madison for his memorable and gallant i
defence of Fort Harrison, with a handful of men,
against a large body of savages. In 1832, then j
advanced to the rank of colonel, he distinguished
himself in the Black Hawk war; was ordered into
Florida in 1836, and for his signal services against
the savage Seminoles was created a brevet briga-
dier general and commander-in-chief in Florida.
Subsequently, he was transferred to the command
of the division of the army in the southwestern
portion of the Union; was ordered into Texas in
1845; advanced to the banks of the Rio Grande;
and afterwards, beginning with the battles of the
8th and 9th of May, 1846, at Palo Alto and Resa-
ca de la Pahtia, and ending with Buena Vista, he
overthrew, with fearful odds against him, and sig-
nally defeated the most skiilfuhof the Mexican
generals, A m pud la, Arista, Paredes, and even the
,identc>f Mexico himself, and, by a series of
brilliant victories, gained for himself and the brave'
armies undenhis command, a world-wide renown*
commanding the verdict and admiration of Europe
and America,, and securing an enviable and, proud
place in the brighest chapters of the history of
American arms. . • ~ -
But why attempt to portray his life.or describe
his actions ? This is not the time i*or. place for
such a purpose, if I had the abifity to 'do it justice,
j , st01T ls Part ^e history of his country,
and therefore needs no aid of friends to -preserve
U. I he battle-fields of Fort Harrison, of Okee-
chobee, Palo Alto, Resaca de la Palma, Monterey,
and, the most glorious of them all, Buena Vista,
are at once his monuments and his eulogiums.
He needs no others. Of his political history this
is not the place nor I the person to speak. 'Yet I
1 may, I hope, be pardoned a single lemark, The
wisest and best counsels of public men in a free
country—free in speech, in the press, and in the
ballot—cannot be.expected to go unquestioned.
It would not be a free country, if they were. But
it is consolatory to know that* whatever differen-
ces of opinion may have existed as to .the policy
of him whose untimely death we all.so much la-
ment, they are already, before the torpb has been
closed over him, buried in oblivion forever. He
is hereafter to belong to no party, to no,section,-
but to the whole American family,and.his memory
will be revered and cherished by them all alike.
But let not the tears we are shedding over our
departed President blind us to the grandeur/of" the
scene in which we stand. Did the world ever wit-
ness such a one before? How soon, if ever,can
it be witnessed in other countries? The Chief of
a nation, of more than twenty millions of freemen,
is suddenly withdrawn from the world by an act
of God, followed by no disturbance of the perfect
equipoise of our institutions The gentlemen com-
posing the Cabinet of the late President, after his
decease, and at the approach of midnight, with-
out ostentation, quietly repair to the residence of ^
the Vice President, and there announce the .na-
tional bereavement. Within twenty-four hours
thereafter he will have taken the oath of office,
without any military parade, and been installed in
command of the ship of State, which moves on
over the billows of time, more bright and buoyant
than ever, bearing at her mast-head the proud
emblems of national glory and greatness, and pre-
senting to the world a sublime spectacle of the
beauty and perfection of self-government.
Such a scene as this ought to make us a happier
and a better people. It should make us sensible
of the gieat and manifold advantages we enjoy as
a free and united people. Let us, then, bury in
the tomb of our departed President all sectional
feelings and divisions, and unite, once more, in
that spirit of cordial good will and brotherly love
which united our forefathers in the earlier days of
the Republic. Let us renew before we leave his
grave our vows to support the Union, and our de- -
j termination to perpetuate our Constitution in all
I its primeval simplicity and purity. There is room
' enough, glory enough, and honois for us all,
while we preserve the Union, and know how
wisely and prudently to enjoy it.
Whereas if has pleased Divine Providence to remove
from this life Zaciiary Taylor, late Pi evident of the United
States, the Senate, shating ui the general sorrow winch this
melancholy event mu>t pmduco, is desirous of manifesting
its sensibility on this occasion : Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of Messrs. Web-
ster, Cass, and King, he appointed on the part of the {Sen-
ate, to meetsuch committee as may be appointed on the
pirt of the Housej)f Representatives, to consider and report
what measures MPinay be deemed proper to adopt to show
the respect and affection of Congress for the memory of the
illustrious deceased, and to make the necessary arrange-
ments for his funeral.
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate
e foregoing resolution to the House of Representatives.
the foregoing i
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Secretary, at a time
when the gieat mass of our fellow-citizens enjoy
remarkable health and happiness throughout the
whole country, it has pleased Divine Providence
to visit the two Houses of Congress, and especially
this House, with repeated occasions for mourning
and lamentation. Since the commencement of the
session, we have followed two of our own mem-
bers to their last home; and we are now called
upon, in conjunction with the other branch of the
Legislature, and in full sympathy with that deep
