1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1365
to the memory of the deceased President of the
United States, to add many words to what has al-
ready fallen from the honorable gentlemen. It
was my fortune to have been personally and inti-
mately acquainted with the distinguished individ-
ual, who has been called away from among us, for
more than five-and-twenty years past. My rela-
tions with him, at that period, were of such a
■character as enabled me to form, I think, a correct
estimate of the man, and to appreciate, as I did
most highly, his many estimable qualities; and I
can say that, in all the relations of life, he so bore
himself as to command the resj>ect of his acqaint-
ances, the ardent regard of his friends, and the
devoted attachment of his countrymen. As a
man he was surpassed by none in honesty o
purpose. He was without guile. As a soldierall
know, aud none more than those I address, that
fie had won laurels that would have graced the
brow of the first soldier of Europe or America.
It was my fortune, Senators, to be in Europe at
the time when the news reached there that the
.gallant. General of our forces on the Rio Grande,
the late President of the United States, was sur-
rounded, or supposed to be surrounded, by an
overwhelming force, be commanding a small but
gallant band. Every American heart beat with
anxiety and fear. We felt, as Americans should
feel, that a reverse then would cast in some de-
gree a cloud over the country of our birth. When
the news reached us that the gallant General of
that little band had marched from his position, re-
gardless of the danger, had retraced his footsteps
and conquered the foe at Resaca de la Palma, no
man but he who was away from his country in a
foreign land could have felt what we, as American
citizens, felt at those tidings. Senators, the gal-
lantry of that man was appreciated not only by
ilia countrymen, but it was felt and appreciated
by the first military men of Europe. The liv-
ing hero of the age, the great Duke of Welling-
ton, declared, as Napoleon had declared of him
on a certain occasion, " General Taylor is a Gen-
eral indeed." I, therefore, Senators, am not sur-
prised that the enthusiastic spirit of the American
people led them to supporta man whose patriotism,
whose devotion to his country, whose gallantry,
and whose successful services on the field, must
have endeared him to the hearts of all. As a man,
I have said, he was honest of purpose. His pa-
triotism, his devotion to the Constitution of his
country, under which he cherished these free in-
stitutions, I have never questioned. I think I
knew him well, and 1 believe there was no man
more patriotic. If errors were committed, I shall
diaw the eurtain over them. No longer would I
feel justified in holding them up to the public gaze,
even if they had been ten times as glaring as they
were. The country has reason to deplore the
death of a great-man, and, I must be permitted to
add, a good man. He has gone from among us,
and the afflictive event has been appealed to to
cultivate and cherish kind relations. I trust in
God that these kind relations will be cherished,
and that we shall on this day vow on the altar of
our country to discard all bickering and strife, all
sectional dissensions, and live and die as Ameri-
cans should, in support of the Union.
Mr. BERRIEN. Senators, I yield to a sug-
gestion which has been made to me, since our
assembling here this morning, by a highly respect-
ed associate, in making this brief trespass on your
time, it is not my purpose, in these brief and
unpremeditated remarks, to pronounce an eulo-
gium on the departed Chief Magistrate. That has
been amply done already, m terms at once impres-
sive and eloquent. Nor is it my design to give
expression to individual and personal feeling;
such feeling maybe left appropriately to repose in
the bosom of him who cherishes it. Nor yet do
1 seek to give feeble and imperfect utterance to a
nation's"grief; that will be done by ourcountry-
men in their primary assemblages, as this melan-
choly intelligence Hies with lightning speed to the
remotest borders of the Republic, and with a fresh-
ness, and vividness, and force which the feelings
of a free and sensitive people will impart to the
expression of emotions springing directly from
their own sorrowing hearts. We should vainly
attempt by anticipation to give utterance to their
feelings. Still less would I venture to intrude
upon the mourning inmates of that domestic circle,
who are still clustering round the mortal remains
of a departed husband and father; for the sorrows
of widowhood and of orphanage are sacred. But
concurring, as I do most cordially, in the senti-
ments which have been so touehingly and elo-
quently expressed in variousportionsofthisCham-
ber, if I could succeed in adding one, even
the slightest motive—in furnishing one, even
the feeblest incentive, to the suggestion which
honorable Senators have urged of the use which
we ought to make of this solemn and afflict-
ive dispensation of Providence, my purpose will
have been accomplished—my duty will have been
fulfilled. In my reflections upon this subject, I
have felt that this dispensation of Providence is, in
its results, to be eminently productive of good or
of evil to our common country; and in humble
reliance on the blessing and guidance of a benefi- I
cent Providencc, it depends upon us, Senators, and
our associates, in the discharge of the important
trusts which are committed to this highest legisla-
tive assembly of a free people—it depends essen-
tially upon us and the coordinate department of
the Government to improve this afflictive dispen-
sation of Almiehty God to purposes at once salu-
tary and beneficial to the great interests of the
country. If uecan feel that in the sudden death
of our patriot chieftain—in this abrupt summons
of one " without fear and without reproach"—in
the vigor of life, and in the full enjoyment of the
highest honors—the most gratifying reward which
the unbought homage of a free people could accord
to him—if we can feel the solemnity of this
sudden call of an individual so esteemed, so
honored, so surrounded with all that could con-
tribute to the happiness of man—if we can truly
apnreciate the lesson which such a dispensation is
calculated to impart, then, Senators, consequences j
the most beneficial may result from it. If it shall !
teach us to realize the comparative littleness of |
sublunary things—if it shall enable us in sincerity
to feel that this transitory life in which we are
sometimes struggling, in the bitter dissensions
which political parties or sectional divisions
arc but too apt to engender—that the brief term
of our continuance here is but a single step in the
series of infinite existence—ame/e point at which
man pauses to look around him before he launches
on eternity's ocean—if we can justly estimate
ourselves, and rightly appreciate the duties which
devolve upon us, we shall indeed have extracted
from this melancholy event that salutary and
heneficient lesson which, in the goodness of Provi-
dence, it was designed to impart. If, on the altar
of our common country, we can sacrifice the bit-
terness of party and of sectional feeling—if, at
this moment, when the heart of a great nation is
palnitating with anxiety, we can come to the dis-
charge of the hieh and solemn duties whirh de-
volve upon us with hcar's purified by affliction, in
the singleness and sincerity of purpose, and in
the humility of spirit which becomes us, this
melancholy dispensation of Providenee will in-
deed have been productive of results most salutary
to the great interests of the American people.
And believe me, Senators, if a result so propitious
could have been foreshadowed to that departed
patriot in the last struggling moments of his
existence, it would have cheeied the agonies of
his dying hour.
I am permitted to soy, in illustration of the
strong and patriotic feeling which animated him
in the latest moments of his existence, even when
the light of intellect was flickerin? in its socket—
I am permitted to repeat the expression of the de
parted patriot, as his recollection turned to the i
recent visit he had made to the monument now
being erected to the memory of Washington;
" Let it rise, (he said;) let itaecend without inter-
ruption; let it point to the skies; let it stand for-
ever as a lasting monument of the gratitude and
affection of a free people to the Father of his
Country."
The resolutions were then unanimously adopted.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, informing the Senate that it had
appointed a committee of thirteen on its part, to
make the necessary arrangements for the funeral
of the late President of the United States.
On the motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the resolution
of the House was unanimously concurred in, and it
was ordered that Messrs. Webster, Cass, and
King, be the committee on the part of the Senate,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. .
Wednesday, July 10, 1850.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
eleven o'clock.
The Rev. Doctor Botler, Chaplain of the Sen-
ate, made the following prayer:
"Almighty God, King of Kings, and Lord of
Lords, who only hath immortality, dwelling in
the light which no man can approach unto, thoa
doest according to thy will in the army of Heaven
and among the inhabitants of the earth. Just anft
true are thy ways, thou King of saints. Clouds
and darkness are about thy throne; but righteous-
ness and judgment are the habitation of thy seat!'
Thou hast seen fit, Almighty God, to take out
of this world our beloved and honored Chief Ma-
gistrate, the President of these United States.
Thou didst cover his head in the day of battle;
and thou hast given his life to the sickness that
destroyeth at the noon-day. We desire to bow in
resignation to thy blessed will, and to realize that
thou doest all things well. Now that thy judg-
ments are abroad in the land, make us to learn and
love and practice righteousness.
We ask thy special blessing for thy servant
upon whom thy providence hath devolved the mo-
mentous duties of the Chief Magistracy of this
Republic. Thou hast seen lit to summon him to
the great duties of his new position in a crisis of
gloom, and storm, and danger. Let thy fatherly
hand ever be over him. Let thy Holy Spirit ever
be with him. Give him the spirit of.wisdom and
understanding; the spirit of counsel and ghostly
strength; the'spirit of knowledge and true godli-
ness;~and fill him with thy holy fear now and for
ever Preserve him in health and prosperity; and
so bless his administration, that all the States of
this vast Republic, reconciled, happy, and fraternal,
may be able unitedly to adore Thee for thy good-
ness, and to declare that The Lord of Hosts is
with us—the God of Jacob is our refuge!
Bless the deliberations of the Senate and Repre-
sentatives in Congress assembled, to the advance-
, ment of thy glory, the good of thy church, the
i safety, honor, and we fare of thy people; that
1 peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion
and piety may be established among us for ail
generations.
Look with pity upon the sorrows of thy ser-
vants, the family of the departed Chief Magistrate
of this land. Remember them, 0 Lord, in mer-
cy; sanctify thy fatherly correction to them; endow
their souls with patience under their affliction, and
with resignation to thy blessed will; comfort them
with a sense of thy goodness; lift up thy counte-
nance upon them, and give them peace.
Grant, 0 Lord, that when we shall be sum-
moned to go the way of all the earth, we may die
in the communion of thy church, in the confidence
of a certain faith, in the comfort of a religious and
holy hope, in favor with Thee, onr God, and in
charity with the world. .
All which we. ask and offer m the name and for tire
sake of Jeans Christ, our Lord and Saviour. Amen!
The SPEAKER then vacated the Chair.
A pause of some minutes followed.
At eighteen minutes past eleven o clock, the
SPEAKER resumed the Chair.
Mr. STANLY moved that the reading of the
Journal of yesterday be dispensed with.
Ordered accordingly.
George P. Fisher. Esq., appeared at the bar,
and stated that he was directed by the President of
the United States to deliver to the House of Rep-
resentatives a message in ■writing.
The SPEAKER. The message will be laid
before the House.
And it wafts read, as follows:
Washington, July 10, 1850.
Fellow-cilizens of the Senute
and of the House of Representatives-,
I have to peiform the melancholy duty of an-
nouncing to you, that it has pleased Almighty
God to remove from this life Zachary Taylor,
late President of the United States. He deceased
last evening, at the hour of half past ten o'clock",
I in the midst of his family and surrounded by af-
i fectionate friends, calmly and in the full posses-
I sion of all his faculties. Among his last words
I were these, which he uttered with emphatic dis-
I tinctness: "I have always done my duty. 1 am
i ready to die. My only regret is for the friends 1
; leave behind me."
