1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
274
labor as afoies.ud, dircctly or indirectly, to escape from such
claimant, hi< agent or attorney, or other person or persons
legally authorized as aforesaid; or strait harbor or conceal
such ingitivc, so tg ptcvent the discovery and arrest of
such person, after lichee or knowledge of the fact that such
person was a fugitive from service or labor as aforesaid,
shall, for either of said offences, be subject to a fine not ex-
ceeding five huudreddollars,and imprisonment notexeeed-
ing six months, by indictment and conviction before the
district cou.it of the United States for the district in which
such offence may have been committed, or before the proper
court of criminal jurisdiction, if committed within any one
of the organized Territories of the United States; and shall
moreover forfeit and pay, by way of civil damages to the
party injured by such illegal conduct, the sum of one thou-
sand dollars, to be recovered, by action of debt, in any of
the district or territorial courts aforesaid, within whose ju-
risdiction the said offence may have been committed.
Sec. 5. Be it Jurther enacted, That the matshals, their
deputies, and the clerks of the said district and territorial
courts, shall be paid for their services the like fees as may
be allowed to them for similar services in other cases; and
where such sei vices* are rendered exclusively in ihc arrest,
custody, and delivery of the fugitive to the claimant, his or
her agent or attorney, or where Mich supposed fugitive may
he discharged out of custody for the want of sutfieient proof
a5* aforesaid, then such fee* aie to be paid in the whole by
such claimant, his agent or attorney; and in all cases where
the proceedings are before a commissioner, he shall be enti-
tled to a fee of ten dollars m full tor his services m each
ca?o, upon the delivery of the said certificate to the claim-
ant, his or her agent or attorney; or a tee of five dollars m
cases where the proof s-hall not3 in the opinion of such com-
missioner, warrant such certificate and delivery, inclusive
of all services incident to such arrest and examination, to be
paid, in either case, by the claimant, his oi her«agent or at-
torney. The person or persons authorized to execute the
process to be is-stied by such commissioners for the arrest
and detention of fugitives from service or labor as aforesaid,
shall also be entitled to a fee of five dollars each for each
per:>.on he or they may aire->t and take before any buch com-
missioner as aforesaid, at the instance and request of such
claimant, with such other fees as may be deemed lea&ona-
ble by such commissioners lor such other additional services
,as may be necessarily performed by him or them; buch as
attending at the examination, keeping the fugitive m custo-
dy, and providing him with foud and lodging during his de-
tention, and until the final determination of such eommis-
Fioner; and in general for performing such other duties as
may be lequired by such claimant, his or her attorney or
agent, or commissioner m the premises; such fees to be
made up in conformity with the fees usually charged by the
officer1? of the courts of justice within the proper district or
county, as near as may be practicable, and paid by such
claimants,-their agents or attorneys, whether such supposed
fugitives from service or labor be ordered to be delivered to
such claimants by the final determination of such commis-
sioners or not This act to take effect from the first day of
June next.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND. If it be in order, I will ask
the Senate to take up Senate bill number 18. It
is a bill which passed at the last session of Con-
gress, and failed in the other House, for want of
time for its consideration, it is a bill which will
require no discussion, and if it produces any, I
will withdraw it. It is Senate bill number 18, a
bill to divide the State of Arkansas into two
■judicial districts.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. BORLAND. I deem it necessary to state
that this bill was reported some thfte or four ses-
sions ago, but a vote was not taken directly upon
it until the first session of the last Congress. It
was then passed with the exception of the fourth
section, which provides for the appointment of a
district attorney and a marshal for the new dis-
trict. That section was stricken out by the
Senate, and the bill was passed with only three
sections. At this session, the original bill was
introduced, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and they have reported the bill with the
fourth section added.
The grounds on which the bill was introduced
were, in the first place, that the arrangement pro-
posed .would be more economical to the Govern-
ment than the present; and second, that it will be
a great convenience to the State of Arkansas, and
facilitate the punishment of crime, as most of
the criminal cases which come before the district
court in Arkansas originate in the Indian country,
which is within the jurisdiction of that court.
This bill provides that one session of the court
shall be held at Little Rock and another at Van
Buren, on the western frontier, by which means
greatfacilitieswill be afforded for bringing criminals
to justice, for summoning of witnesses by which
the crime can be established and punishment
awarded, and be a saving in the expense of carry-
ing criminals, or those charged with crime, from
the Indian country to the centre of the State, a
process which now eMails a very heavy expense,
a greater expense, it is believed, than the remain-
ing business of the court. This will be saved to
the Government by this new district, requiring a
court to be hoiden on the western frontier. The
bill has received the careful examination of the
committee at several sessions, and is now reported
without amendment. I ask that it may now be
put upon its psssage.
The bill was reported to the Senate and the ques-
tion was on its engrossment for a third reading.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish simply to remark
further, that the bill does not provide for the ap-
pointment of an additional judge. The same judge
will hold both courts.
Mr. BERRIEN. I was not aware that the bill
had been reported, and I perceive the chairman of
the committee is not now in his seat, and that two or
three other members of the committee are absent.
I would suggest, therefore, to the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas, the propriety of allowing the
bill to lie over till the chairman is present.
Mr. BORLAND. I would remark that the
member of the Judiciary Committee who reported
this bill is now in his seat, and 1 suppose he is
prepared to give any explanation that may be
desired.
Mr. BERRIEN. I should like to hear some
further explanation.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I know but
little of the merits of this bill, except what has
fallen from the honorable Senator from Arkansas.
It seems to me a question of doubtful propriety
whether this bill should be passed by the Senate.
I understand that the object is merely to provide
an additional district court m that State, and that
it makes no provision for an additional judge or an
additional marshal.
Mr. BORLAND, (in his seat.) That is all.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator assents to what
I understand to be the chief object of the bill.
It seems to me that the proper method to be
pursued in endeavoring to reach this case, and to
remedy the evils which the honorable Senator
from Arkansas would remedy, would be by pass-
ing a bill to establish a district court at the place
he has named, and not by passing a bill to create
a new district; because, to my mind, it is clear and
obvious that when you have divided that State,
| and created an additional district, if you have not
now, you very shortly will have that State com-
ing upon you, to a moral certainty, with an ap-
plication for another judge and another marshal.
Now, sir, the question arises as to whether the
judicial matters to be decided by a district court in
Arkansas are of that extent, whether the business
coming before such a court for its adjudication is
of sufficient importance, either in its kind or its
amount, to justify the division of that State into
two judicial districts. I have not examined this
matter very carefully, but, judging from what ap-
pears on its surface, I am inclined to think that
there are but few States in the Union in which
additional districts are not required in a degree
much greater than this State.
Now, it would seem to me that if all that the
Senator from Arkansas desires is the holding of a
court at this point, a bill might b  introduced
making that provision without the division of the
State into two districts. If such a bill were intro-
duced, [ would vote for it most cheerfully; but I
cannot consent to go for a division of the State,
which will render it necessary to appoint another
judge, another marshal,and other officers through-
out, in a very short period.
Mr. BORLAND. As I stated, Mr. President,,
when I rose, that, if it should lead to any discus-
sion, I would not press the consideration of this
bill at this time, I will therefore allow it to be
passed over informally, and I will answer the ob-
jections urged by the Senator from Maine when
the bill again comes up for the consideration of
the Senate. I therefore ask leave to withdraw the
motion for the present.
Mr. BADGER. Before the motion is with-
drawn,! wish to state that personally I have noob-
jection to the bill in either of the forms in which
'it has been spoken of. If there is such an accu-
mulation of business, or if the inconveniences m
other respects are so great as to require the estab-
lishing of new locations for holding these courts,
I would be perfectly willing to vote for their estab-
lishment; or if, from the whole facts of the case,
it should appear necessasy to create a new district,
I should have no objection to vote for a bill estab-
lishing an additional district.
But I wish to call the attention of the two hon-
orable Senators from Arkansas, and the gentlemen
on the Judiciary Committee who have reported
this bill, to the inquiry how far it is right and
proper to put a large additional amount of duty
upon the judge who presides in the district as it
now stands, without making a reasonable addition
to his salary ? If I understand the purpose of this
bill, it is to require the judge to hold two terms
yeaily, at distant points of the State of Arkansas
from that in which his judicial duties are now dis-
charged, the object of which change is to afford fa-
cilities to individuals and the public in the transac-
tion of judicial business in that district, which will
result in a large annual saving of expense to the
United States; and, consequently, so far as I can
see, everybody is to be benefited—everybody to
be relieved—a large saving is to be effected to the
treasury, universal accommodation is to be pro-
moted at the expense of the unfortunate gentle-
man who holds the office of judge. And I beg
leave also to suggest, that if the bill is to pass in
the form in which it is now presented to the Sen-
ate, the securing an additional compensation to
the judicial officer who holds this court, expressly
on the ground of the increase of the duties im-
posed upon him, will have an important and salu-
tary effect in preventing a subsequent application,
which the Senator from Maine seems to antici-
pate, for the appointment of an additional judge,
marshal, and other officers. I merely mention
this that gentlemen may think of it before the bill
comes up again.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, is this subject
before the Senate? because, if so, I move that it
be laid upon the table.
Mr. BRADBURY. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion ?
The,motion to lay on the table was withdrawn.
Mr. BRADBUR.Y. I only desire to say that 1
will not interpose to prevent the bill being laid on
the table; but when it comes up for action I will
be prepared to state to the Senate the grounds on
which the report was made. If the Senator from
Arkansas had consulted me beforehand, or in-
formed me that he intended to bring this matter
up to-day, I would have been in my seat and pre-
pared to state the grounds on w hich it was made.
However, when the bill comes up in its order, I
will be prepared to explain the action of the com-
mittee.
The bill was then informally passed over.
. REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I desire to call
the attention of the Senate, and especially of the
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber, to
the resolution which was submitted by the honor-
able Senator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] some
days since, calling on the President to communi-
cate certain papers to the Senate in relation to re-
movals from office. The honorable Senator from
Maine has made a speech on the subject, and it
has gone to the country, and I desire to know
when it is the purpose of honorable Senators on
the other side of the Chamber to allow us an op-
portunity to make some observations tn reply to
that speech ?
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to say to the hon-
orable Senator that it was my expectation, when
the resolution was up and under consideration a
few days ago, that the debate would have contin-
ued until action was had upon the resolution; but,
sir, that was not the case. I have been anxious
to have it brought under the consideration of the
Senate at as early a day as possible; but, sir, it
was desired by some gentlemen opposite, when 1
was about to call it up a few days ago, to allow it
to be postponed until Monday next. I have only
to say that the sooner the subject is brought under
the consideration of the Senate, the better it wnl
suit me; and 1 hope that some early day will be
fixed for it; indeed, I would like to.have the sub-
lect brought up this morning, that a short time
mi°"ht he occupied in iis discussion, and, if it be
agreeable to the Senate, 1 will move that the reso-
lution be now taken up.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope it will not be done,
for the floor was assigned to-day to the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Huniek,] to
speak on the resolution of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] .
Mr. SMITH. I did not desire that the resolu-
tion should come up for discussion to-day, Mr.
President, but I would submit to the Senate the
