1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
136(7
luminous disc of his character no dark spots are
discernible. His biographer will have no great
follies to conceal, or faults, to excuse, or crimes to
palliate or condemn. There is no dark passage in
Itis life which justice will be called upon to con-
demn, or morality to reprove, or humanity to de-
plore. Like the finished production of an artist,
the details of the picture are as correct and as
beautiful as the general outline is grand and im-
posing.
His heroic courage and military genius are
those qualities to which he is chiefly indebted for
his fame, and yet those who knew him best would
not consider them the prominent attributes of his
character. On the contrary, this courage appeared
only ari adventitious quality, occasionally de-
veloped by circumstances requiring its exercise.
His prominent characteristics^ always manifest,
were an unaffected modesty, combined with ex-
traordinary firmness, a stern sense of duty, and
of justice tempered and softened by a spirit of
universal benevolence, an inflexible integrity, a
truthfulness that knew no dissimulation, a sin-
cerity and frankness which rendered concealment
or disguise absolutely impossible.
These were the traits that endeared him to his
friends, and inspired with confidence all who ap-
proached him. These were the qualities which in
private life made him the upright man, the valu-
able citizen, the devoted friend, the affectionate
husband, the fond father, the kind and indulgent
master, and which, brought into public life, made
him the disinterested patriot, and the faithful and
conscientious functionary. His martial courage
was set off and relieved by this group of civic
virtues, as the brilhancy of the diamond is en-
hanced by the gems of softer ray by which it is
encircled.
The mass of the people in all cpuntries possess
a wonderful sagacity in detecting the prominent
traits of their distinguished men. TheAmerican
people are inferior to none in this quality; and
they soon discovered and appreciated the merits
of GeneralTajlor. It is not surprising, there-
fore, that they called him, almost by acclamation,
to fill the first office in their gift.
It is so common for the most ambitious men to
affect.a: reluctance in accepting those very honors
■which they have long, and ardently sought, that
w.e are apt to consider all such professions as in-
dicating feelings the ver.y reverse of those they
express. Those, however, who knew General
Taylor well, entertained no doubt of the entire
sincerity of his declarations when he was called
upon to be a candidate for the office of President.
The excitement of politics had.rio charm for one
who had always been extremely averse to politi-
cal controversy. The pomp and splendor of the
presidential mansion had no temptations for one
who was always renjarkable for the - simplicity
of his tastes and the frugality of his habits. Add
to this that his unaffected modesty and inexperi-
ence in public affairs led him sincerely to distrust
his ability to discharge the duties of this high and
responsible station.
At no period of our history, indeed, was the ex-
ecutive chair surrounded by more difficulties than
those, which encompassed it when he was called
on to occupy it. Party spirit was still raging with
unabated fury,; a dark cloud was visible on the
horizon, which portended that a storm of unusual
violence was approaching, and would; shortly
burst forth. Under such circumstances, a man
even of stouter heart than his might well hesitate
before he consented to embark on this "sea of
troubles." Yielding, however, to the public voice,
and to the arguments and persuasion of his friends,
he did embark. The tempest arose; and in the
midgut of its fury, while the vessel of State was
tossed to and fro, and all eyes were turned with a
con,fidence not unmingled with anxiety on the
pilot who, calm and collected, guided her course,
that pi!o>t was suddenly swept from the helm !
Here let us pause! Let us avail ourselves of
tlip momentary calm which this sad event has
produced, and calmly survey the perils that sur-
round us—the lowering heavens above, the raging
billows below, the breakers on our right, the
shoals on our left. Let us piepare to meet these
dangers lilte men, and like patriots, to overcome
them. Let us not despair of the Republic. On
the coptrary, let us determine that she must be
saved, and she- will be saved. The clouds that
overhang us will be dispersed, and the giqeious
stars of our Union will again shine forth with their
wonted splendor.
1 'beg leave to submit the'fallowing resolutions:
Whereas it has pleased Divine Providence to remove
from this life Zacha ry Taylor, late-President of the Uni-
ted States, the House of-Kepresentatjves, sharing in the
general sorrow which this melancholy event must produce,
is desirous of manifesting its sensibility on the occasion-;
Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of —-— mem-
bers, be appointed on the part of this House, to meet such
.committee as may be appointed on the part of the Senate,
to consider and report what measures it may be deemed
proper to adopt m order to show the respect nod affection
of Congress for the memory of the illustrious deceased, and
to make the necessary arrangements for his funeral.
Resolved, Th.it this resolution be communicated to the
Senate.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to second the resolu-
tions, and proceeded as follows:
It would not he easily excused, Mr. Speaker,
by those whom I represent in this Hall, if there
were no Massachusetts voice to respond to the
eulogy which has been pronounced Jby Louisiana
upon her illustrious and lamented'son. Indeed,
neither my personal feelings nor my political rela-
tions to the livine or to the dead, would permit me
to remain altoffether silent on this occasion. And
yet, sir, I confess, I know not how to sav any-
thing satisfactory to myself, or suitable to the cir-
cumstances of the hour.
The event which has just been officially announced,
has come upon us so suddenly — has so over-
whelmed us with mingled emotions of surprise and
sadness—that all ordinary forms of expression
seem to lose their significance, and one would fain
bow his head to the blow in silence, until its first
shock has .in some degree passed away.
Certainly, sir, no one can fail to realize that a
most momentous and mysterious Providence has
been manifested in our midst. At a moment when,
more than almost ever before in our history, the
destinies of ourcountry seemed,to all human sight,
to he inseparably associated with the character and
conduct of its Chief Executive Magistrate, that
Magistrate has been summoned from his post, by
the only messenger whose mandates he might not
have defied, and has been withdrawn forever from
the sphere of human existence!
There are those of tia, I need not say, sir, who
had looked to him with affection and reverence as
our chosen leader and guide in the difficulties and
perplexities by which we are surrounded. There
are those of us, tfho had relied confidently on him,
as upon no other man, to uphold the Constitution
and maintain the Union of the country in that fu-
ture, upon which "clouds and darkness" may
well he said to rest. And, as we now behold him,
borne away by the hand of God from our sight,
in the very hour of peril, we can hardly repress
the-exclamation, which was applied to the depart-
ing prophet of old: "My father, mv father! the
chariot of Israel, and the horsemen thereof."
Let me not even seem to imply, however, t'nat
the death of General Taylor is anything less than
a national loss. There may he, and we know
there is, in this event, a privileged and preeminent
grief for his immediate family and relatives, to
which we can only offer the assurance of our
heartfelt sympathy. There is, too, a peculiar sor-
row for his political friends and supporters, which
we would not affect to conceal. But the whole
people of the United States wilt feel and will bear
witness, when they receive these melancholy
tidings, that they hare all been called to sustain a
most afflicting national bereavement.
I hazard nothing, sir, in saving, that the roll of
our Chief Magistrates, since 1789, illustrious as it
is, presents the name of no man who has enjoyed
a higher reputation with his contemporaries, or
who will enjoy a higher reputation with posterity
than Zachary Taylor, for some of the best and
noblest qualities which adorn our nature.
His indomitable courage, his unimpeachable
honesty, his Spartan simplicity and sagacity, his
frankness, kindness, moderation, and- magnanim-
ity, his fidelity to his friends, his generosity and
humanity to his enemies, the purity of his private
life, the patriotism of his public principles, will
never cease to be cherished in the grateful remem-
brance of'all just men and all true-hearted Amer-
icans.
As a soldier and a general, his fame is asso-
ciated with some of the proudest and most thril-
ling scenes of our military history. He may be
literally said to - have conquered every enemy he
has met, save only that last enemy, to which we
must ail, in turn, surrender.
As a, civilian and statesman, during, the brief .pe-
riod in which; he has been permitted to enjoy-the
transcendant honors which a grateful country; had
awarded him, he has given proof of a devotion to
duty, of an attachment to the Constitution, and the
Union, of a patriotic determination to maintain the
peace of our country, which no> trials or temptations
could shake. He has borne his faculties meekly,
but firmly. He haa been " c|ear in his gpeat of-
fice." He has known no Ipcal partialities or. pre-
judices, hut has proved himself capable of em-
bracing his whole country in the comprehensive
affections and regards of a large and generous
heart.
But he has fallen almost at the threshold, of his
civil career, and at a moment when some of us
were looking to him to render services to the
country, which- we had thought no other man
could perform. Certainly, sir, he has died- too soon
for everybody but himself. We can hardly find it
in our hearts to repine, that the good old man has
gone to his rest. We would not disturb the
repose- in which the brave, old soldier sleeps. Hjs
part in life had been long and faithfully performed-.
In his own last words, " he had always.done his
duty, and he was not afraid- tQ die." But our re-
grets for ourselves and for our country arc; deep,
strong, and unfeigned. *
Sir, it was a fit and beautiful circumstance in
thfe close of such a career, that his last official ap*-
pearance was at the celebration of the Birthday
of -our National Independence, and, more espe-
cially, that his last public act was anactof homage
to the memory of him whose example he had
ever revered and followed, and who, as he himself
so well said, " was, by so many titles, the Father
of his Country."
And now, Mr. Speaker, let us hope that this
event may teach us all how vain is our reliance
upon any arm of flesh. Let us hope that it may
impress us with a solemn sense of our national as
well as individual dependence on a higher than
human power. Let us remember, sir, that " the
Lord i3 king, be the people never, so impatient^
that he sitteth between the cherubim, be the earth
never so unquiet." Let us—in-language w-hieh
is now hallowed to us, as having been the closing
and crowning sentiment of the brief but admirable
Inaugural Address with which this, illustrious
patriot opened hi?- presidential term, and which
it is my privilege to read at this moment-from the
very copy from- which'it was originally reacj by
himself to the American people, on the -4th day of
March, 1849—let us, in language in which " he,
being dead, yet speaketh"—" Let us invoke a con*
• tinvance of the same Protecting Can which has led
' us from small beginnings to the eminence we this day
' occupy; and.let its seek to deserve that continuance by
'prudence and moderation in our councils; by icell-
' directed attempU to assuage the bitterness lahich too
' often marks unavoidable differences of opinion; by
' the promulgation and practice of just- an<Z- liberal
' principles; and by an enlargedpatriotism., which shall
' acknowledge no limits but those of our oxen wide-
' spi'ead Republic."
Mr. BAKER said: Mr. Speaker, it is often said
of sorrow, that, like death, it levels all distinctions.
The humblest heart can heave a sigh as deep as the
proudest; and I avail myself of this mournful priv-
ilege to swell the accents of grief which have been
poured forth to-day with a larger though not more
sincere utterance. A second time since the forma-
tion of this Government a President of the United
States has been stricken by death in the perform--
ance of his great-duties. The blow which strikes
[he man falls upon a nation's heart, and the words
of saddened praise which fail upon our ears to-
day, and here, are but echoes of the thoughts that
throng in the hearts of the millions that mourn
him everywhere. You have no doubt observed,
sir, that in the first moments of a great loss the
instincts of affection prompt us to summon up the
good and great qualities of those for whom we
weep. It is a wise ordination of Divine Provi-
dence; a generous pride tempers and restrains the
bitterness of,grief, and noble deeds and heroic vir-
tues shed a consoling light upon the tomb. It is
in this spirit that I recur for an instant, and for an
instant only, to the events of a history fresh in
the remembrance of. the nation and. the wend;
The late President of the United States lias devoted
