1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
his whole life to the service of his country. Of a
nature singularly unambitious, he seems to have
combined the utmost gentleness of manner with
the greatest firmness of purpose. For more than
thirty years the duties of his station 'confined him
to a sphere where only those who knew him most
intimately could perceive the qualities which dan-
ger quickened and brightened into sublimity and
grandeur. In the late war with Great Britain he
was but a captain; yet the little band who defended
Port Harrison saw amid tWNSfioke of battle that
they were commanded by a man fit for his station.
In the Florida campaign he commanded but a
brigade; yet his leadership not only evinced cour-
age and conduct, but inspired these qualities in
the meanest soldier in his ranks. He begun the
Mexican campaign at the head only of a division;
yet as the events of the war swelled that division
into an army, so the crisis kindled him into higher
resolves and nobler actions, till the successive
steps of advance became the assured march of
victory.
Mr. Speaker, as we review the brilliant and
stirring passages of the events to which I refer, it
is not in the power even of sudden grief to sup-
press the admiration which thrills our hearts.
When, sir, has there been such a campaign—
when such soldiers -to be led—and when such
qualities of leadership so variously combined ?
How simple, but yet how grand, was the an-
nouncement, " In whatever force the enemy may
be, I shall fight him." It gave Palo Alto and
Resaca to our banner. How'steadfast the resolu-
tion that impelled the advance to Monterey! How
stirring the courage which beleaguered the frown-
ing city—which stormed the barricaded street—
which carried the embattled heights, and won and
kept the whole! Nor, sir, can we forget that in
the flush of victory, the gentle heart stayed the
bold^ hand, while the conquering soldier offered
sacrifices on the altar of pity, amid all the exulta-
tion of triumph.
Sir, I may not stop to speak of the achievements
of Buena Vista: they are deeds that will never die—
it Was the great event of the age, a contest of races
and institutions. An army of volunteers, engaged
not in an impetuous advance, but in a stern defence
of chosen ground against superior force, and in
a last extremity—men who had never seen
fire faced the foe with the steadiness of veterans.
Sir, as long as those frowr.ing heights and bloody
ravines shall remain, these recollections Will en-
dure, and with them, the name of the man who
^steadied every rank, and kindled every eye, by the
indomitable resolution which would not yield, and
the exalted spirit which rose highest amid the
greatest perils. It was from scenes like these he
was called to the Chief Magistracy. It was a sum-
mons unexpected and unsought—the spontaneous
expression of a noble confidence, the just reward
of great actions. It may not be proper to speak
here and now of the manner which these new du-
ties were executed; but 1 may say, that here, as
everywhere else, he exhibited the same firmness
tin(1 decision which hod marked his life. He was
"honest and unostentatious; he obeyed the law and
loved the, Constitution; he dealt with difficult
questions with a singleness of purpose which is
the truest pilot amid storms. Nor can it be doubted
that when impartial history shall lecord the events
of his administration, they will he found worthy
of his past life, and a.firm foundation for his fu-
ture renown.
You remember, Mr. Speaker, that when the ,
great Athenian philosopher was inquired of by the i
Lydian king as to who was the happiest amono-
men, he declared that no man should he pro'- !
noimced happy til! his death. The President of i
the United States has so finished a noble life, as to
justify ihp pride and admiration of his country-
men he has faced the last enemy with a manly
Dimness and a becoming resolution. He died I
where an American citizen would most desire to j
die—not amid embattled hosts and charging squad- i
rons, but amid weeping friends and an anxious I
notion—m the house provided by its gratitude, '
only to be taken thence, to a "house not made
wit'i hands, eternal in the Heavens.'*
tSir, in the death which has caused so much dis-
may, there is a becoming resemblance to the life
which has created so much confidence. His clos-
ing hours were marked with a beautiful calmness-
his hst expressions indicated a manly sense of Ms'
own worth, and a consciousness that he had done
his duty. - Nor can I omit to remark, that it is this
sense of the obligation of duty which appears to
have been the true b^is of his character. In boy-
hood and in age—-as Captain and as General—
whether defending a fort against savages, or exer-
cising the functions of the Chief Magistracy, duty,
rather than glory—self-approval, rather than re-
nown, have prompted the deeds which have made
him immortal.
Mr. Speaker, the character upon which death
has just set his seal is'filled with beautiful and
impressive contrasts;—a warrior, he loved peace;
a man of action, he sighed for retirement. Amid
the events which crowned him with fame, he
counseled a withdrawal of our troops. And,
whether at the head of armies, or in the Chair of
State, he appeared as utterly unconscious of hi3
great renown as if no banners had drooped at
his word, or as if no gleam of glory shone
through hiswhitened hair. It is related of Epami-
nondas, that when fatally wounded at the battle
of Mantinea, they bore him to a height from
whence, with fading glance, he surveyed the for-
tunes of the fight, and when the field was won,
laid himself down to die; the friends who gathered
around him wept his early fall, and passionately
expressed their sorrow that he died childless.
"Not so," said the hero, with his last breath,
"for do I not leave two fair daughters, Leuctra
and Mantinea?" General Taylor is more fortunate,
since he leaves an excellent and most worthy
family to deplore his loss and inherit his glory.
Nor is he fortunate in this only, since, like Epami-
nondas, he leaves not only two battles, but four 
Palo Alto, Resaca, Monterey, Buena Vista—the
grand creations of his genius and valor, to be re-
membered as long as truth and courage appeal to ;
the human heart.
Mr. Speaker, the occasion and the scene im- ■
press upon us a deep sense of the instability of !
all human concerns, so beautifully alluded to by j
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop.]
The great, southern Senator is no longer among
us. The President during whose administration
the war commenced, sleeps in "the house ap-
pointed for all the living;" and the great soldier
who led the advance and assured the triumph,
"lies like a warrior taking his rest." Ah! sir,
if in this assemblage there is a man whose heart
beats with a tumultuous- and unrestrained am-
bition, let him to-day stand by the bier upon
which that lifeless body is laid','-and learn how
much of huma+i greatness fades in an hour; but
if there be another man here whose fainting heart
I shrinks from a noble purpose, let him, too, visit
those sacred remains, to be rerfiinded how much
there is in true glory that can never die.
Mr. BAYLY said: Mr. Speaker, representing in
part the native. State of the illustrious dead, it may
rot be improper for me, in behalf of her delegation,
toadd a word to what ha's already been said. How-
ever much she may have differed with him while
living, there is not one that mourns more deeply his j
sudden death. No State felt a loftier pride in his !
military achievements, or admired more his private j
virtues. None will drop a tear of more heartfelt '
sorrow upon his bier.
I hope it will not, be deemed inappropriate for ;
me to indulge in some reflections suggested by the j
j occasion. For the second time, Mr- Speaker, in j
- our political historv, our National Government is !
to be subjected to the trial of being administered
j bv a President not elected by the people to that j
j office. The first was severe enough; but this
j must be still more so. How different is our situ- I
ation now from what it was then ! Then, it is
true, we were m a condition of high political ex-
citement. But it was the elevation or downfall of
parties which depended upon the result. Now
wc arc in the midst of an angry sectional strife,
threatening the very existence of the Government
itself. If that crisis required prudence, modera-
tion, and wisdom to insure success to the experi-
ment, how much more will the one in which we
now find ourselves demand the exercise of those
high qualities! Sir, in the very midst of the tem-
pest, when the storm is howling about us, and
when all is uncertainty and alarm, the Captain has
been unexpectedly swept from the deck, and the
second in command has just taken charge of the
helm. If this loss has added to their anxiety, it
but increases the obligation of fidelity on the part
of the crew, upon whose fidelity at last, the safety
of the ship depends. Sir, we, that crew, owe it
to ourselves; to those who have trusted us where
we are—we owe it to mankind to save her from
her perils.
Heretofore, when deluges have swept over the
eastern continent, heaving off before them the ves-
tiges of liberty, our country has been looked to as
the Mount Ararat, upon which the Ark, laden
with all that was de&r to liberty, might rest in
safety. Shall we now fan the internal fires which
are kindling in its bosom, and convert it into a
terrible volcano, eructating its dreadful lava, and
spreading ruin and devastation around—an object
to be avoided rather than sought? My ardent
prayer is, that there is still enough of the spirit of
our fathers among us to save mankind from this
awful catastrophe.
Sir, as much as I have always admired our in-
stitutions, I am free to admit that I have never
seen their beauties in bolder relief than to-day.
The scene which has just been enacted before us,
has converted my admiration, as I doubt not it
has that of all of us, almost into idolatry itself.
In the midst of such a crisis as the Union of these
States never found itself in before—one threatening
its downfall—m the very focus of the excitement
which has produced it, we have seen the executive
branch of the Government, with all of its enor-
mous power, pass, without the conflict of dynas-
ties, without the presence of a soldier, or even a
police officer, so quietly from one set of hands to
another, that but for the sadness which rests upon
the brows of those around me, no one would con-
jecture that anything unusual had occurred! Where
else could such a scene be witnessed? In the his-
tory of what other Government is its parallel to
be found? Is there not'enough—I appeal to my
countryman—in the reflections suggested by what
is passing around us to awaken the nation to a
sense of that justice and patriotism by which alone
can the blessings we enjoy be preserved to our-
selves and mankind?
Mr. HILLIARD rose and said: Mr. Speaker,
at the suggestion of those in whose judgment I
have confidence, I rise to offer an humble tribute
to the memory of the great man who has just
fallen in our midst. If he were living, 1 should
leave others to eulogize him—as he is dead, I
choose to speak of him. And yet 1 am so over-
whelmed by the event which has just occurred,
that I can scarcely find language to express what I
feel. Some events are so impressive that they
leave little occasion for words—they are too great
to be enlarged on. I am almost ready to follow
the example of a great French orator, who, when
called on to pronounce A funeral oration upon a
deceased monarch, laid his hand upon the head of
the dead king, and exclaimed: "There is nothing
great but God." Sir, there is nothing great but
God.
General Taylor's whole career illustrated the
high qualities which so eminently distinguished
him. I do not dwell upon his battle-fields—they
belong to history, and they will find a place upon
the brightest pages which record such exploits.
Nor shall I speak of his courage—it is unneces-
sary; that is attested by hard-fought fields, and
brilliant victories won under his eye against over-
whelming numbers. But I wish to speak of that
high sense of duty which characterized his whole
life—that steady purpose to do what he believed
to be right, at all times and in all places. In the
performance of duty, nothing could move him—
he marched directly upon the road where that
called him. The reference to this trait in his char-
acter has been appropriately made by the gentle-
man fiom Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] and it deserves
to be observed and dwelt upon. To him, as fully
as to any one I have ever known, may be applied
the high eulogium of " incorruptu fides"—he kept
his faith with all men. You might dissent from
his opinions—you might find fault with his judg-
ment, but when he took his position, he kept it—
his sense of duty sustained him, and opposition
only served to make him the more steadfast in
holding it.
It is said of Napoleon, that the great quality
which distinguished him, next to his genius, was
his love of glory; so that when he marched his
army into Egypt, the appeal which he made to
them on the eve of battle was, " Soldiers, forty
centuries look down upon you from these pyra-
mids."
