1370
WME CONGRESSIONAL GLO^E.
no additional lustre from tlje.voipe of exaggerated
ettlogy, Comparison between Zacharv Taylor
arjd celebrated apsieiys, il!^sjr,iouis.ip life, or dpatb,
will neither diminish no/ increase his cljjim to.the
ad mi ration of rnankirid. His character .was formed
on no preexisting model. ke.ared amidst the sol-
itudes of a w^tpra, wilderness, his principles were
feshioned by the pte.eepts of the pioneer, and his
career has vindicated th^ir Christianity, their w,is-
d,om,.and their. patriotism. T^he coluip.n ip com-
plete. Omniscience has withdrawn the workman.
Time and earth have but "the sign and token" of
the great original. The pencil of history must fill
the bolt! outline for the contemplation of posterity.
Great, without,ppjde;captious, without.fear; brave,
without rashness; stern, wjihojjt harshness;.mod-
est, without bashfijlness; sagacious, without can-
ning; apt, without flippancy; intelligent withqut
the pedantry of learning; benevolent, without
Qstentcuiqn; sincere and honest as the sun, t^,e
" noble old Roman" has,lain down his harness—
his tasjf is done. He has falleq, as falls the sum-
mar tree in the bloom of its honors, before the
blight of autumn has seared a leaf that adorns iti
The image of. his, great character is indelibly im-
pressed upon the hearts of his countrymen, and
the lines thereof,
"By just desrees vyill every moment rise,
Fill the wide earth, and gain upon the skies."
At the honored urn which holds the remains of
our beloved and departed chief, Kentucky asks a
place among her sisters, to baptize it with the tears
of sincere sorrow, and to attest her sense of the
commop Ipsa. Participating entirely in the feel-
ing which foilqws Jinto retirement the bereaved
family of the illustrious deceased, I desire to offer
to them, in behalf of-the representatives and peo-
ple of the Corp.njqnwealth of Kentucky, (and I
arn sure 1 rpay well add, of all the States of the
tTniotij) the expression of our sincerest sympathy
under their deep affliction. May the Haiid which
" tempers the wind to the shorn lamb," bring to
tjieir relief the consolation imparted by the assur-
ance, that of General Taylor, as a friend, citizen,
soldier, patriot,
" None knew him but to love him,
.None named him but to praise."
To them the beauties of his domestic life remain,
and 1 shall not presume to intrude upon their1 sa-
cred recollections, or the satisfaction they must
inspire. To us, as public men, may the bright
example of the departed be ever present through
all the watches of the night; may we, too, be able
to repeat, as the.last of earth is present to each of
us, before a grateful country, the simple and touch-
ing declaration of his death scene, "I am not
afraid to die—I have done my duty."
Mr. WHITE moved that the blank in the reso-
lution of the Senate (for the appointment of a
committee) be filled with the number 13.'
Ordered accordingly, and the following gentle-
men were appointed by the Chair to' constitute
said committee, viz: Messrs. Conrad, McDowell,
Winthrop, Bissell, Di/er, Orii, Breck, Strong,
Vinton, Cabell of Florida, Kerr, Stanly, ant]
.Littlefield.
The resolution was then unanimously concurred
in.
And, on motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Mis-
sissippi, the House adjourned until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 11, 1850.
The Secretary called the Senate to order at
eleven o'clock.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEM.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. Secretary, I am aware
that, m the course I am about to pursue, I differ
from that which is prescribed by our rules Itrust
however, for the sake of dispatch, and in view of
the good feeluig which prevails in this body, that
unanimous consent will be given to it. I, there-
fore, move that the senior Senator from Alabama
the honorable William R. King, be appointed
President pro (em. of this body.
Mr BERRIEN. Mr. Secretary, I desire to ex-
press for myself my entire assent, to the resolution
. which has been offered by the Senator from New
York, and I trust that it will meet with unanimous
acceptance on the part of the Senate.
The motion was unanimously agreed to
Mr. KING, having been conducted to the chair
by Messrs. Dickinson and Berrien, rose and
said:
Senators: Words could but feebly express the
warm and gratified feelings which have penetrated
my heart by this manifestation of kindness and
confidence, so unanimously displayed by the rep-
resentatives of the sovereign States of this Union.
Had it been the pleasure of my political friends
to have placed me in this distinguished position
it would have been to me a source of gratification
and pride. I- should have felt, as I trust I shali
always- feel in every situation in which I may be
placed, that there was imposed upon me a solemn
obligation to discharge the duties of-the position
with faithfulness and impartiality. How much
higher, then, Senators, is'the obligation imposed
upon me to discharge these duties with the utmost
faithfulness and impartiality, when I am called to
this place by no political party, by no sectional
feeling, but by the unanimous expression of the
wishes of the Senators in Congress assembled.
While I preside here I shall endeavor to enforce
mildly, but firmly, and I trust impartially, all the
rules for the government of this body. 1 shall en-
deavor to appiy the parliamentary law as it is laid
down in the books, upon every occasion, believing,
as J honestly do, from long experience and- obser-
vation, that it is promotive of the harmony of the
body and of sound legislation. Should 1 err, I
look to my.brother Senators, in a spirit of kind-
ness, to correct my errors. To such corrections I
shall always submit with the greatest pleasure.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, the joint
committee of the two Houses, appointed yesterday
to make arrangements for the funeral of the late
President of the United States, have assembled
this morning, and, as far as practicable, have
agreed- upon a report, which I am directed to pre- :
sent to the Senate. I hope the Senate will adopt i
that report in part; for there are still, remaining
some subordinate arrangements.to be attended to '
by the committee. j
[This report wilt be found in the House pro- '
ceediitgs,] j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the re- !
port just made having brought up again to the
attention of the Senate the death of the late Presi-
dent of the United States, and being absent yes-
terday when the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. I
Downs] made his eloquent and appropriate address, 1
and offered his resolutions upon that subject—that 1
absence having been occasioned by the fact that I !
was appointed as one of the committee on the part
of the Senate to wait uponMr. Fillmore, to make
arrangements preparatory to his taking the oath
of office—I throw myself upon the indulgence of
the Senate, and beg permission to make a few re- 1
marks.
I was among the earliest to advocate the election
of General Taylor, and, in common with a very :
large majority of the people of my State, gave him
a most cordial support. He had been raised among
us. His character was. formed and de.veloped by ,
associations with the pioneers of the western wil-
derness; with those who encountered the difficul- I
ties and privations of settling and improving the
most fertile region of the globe; and who, almost ;
unaided by Government, relying exclusively upon
their own individual resources and energies, suc-
cessfully resisted the persevering efforts of numer- i
ous hordes of warlike savages to expel them from ,
the country. His father, Richard Taylor, a sol-
dier of the Revolution, was eminently qualified to
infuse into the mind of his son those sentiments of
anient patriotism and lofty heroism which per-
vaded all classes with whom Zachary Taylor as-
sociated when a boy. Well do I remember that
father; for I was associated with him in the Legis- 1
lature of Kentucky, at a time when questions of
constitutional law deeply agitated the entire State, 1
and when rancorous and bitter politicians threat-
ened the public peace, and dared to talk of blood-
shed. I remember how conciliatingly, how calmly
and yet Itow firmly, that father demeaned himself
amidst the storms of debate and the fierce colli-
sions of conflicting opinions. In these respects
he was the admirable prototype of the hero of
Buena Vista.
With such a father, and under the influences of '
the society and circumstances by which General j
1 ay lor \sras surrounded, in his boyhood, it would:
have been indeed strange had,he grown up wjthdjut J
Ju}y 11,
a strong predilection for military life. Fortunately
for hi« own fame, fortunately for the glory of his
country, in youth heput on the arroor-of a soldier.
What followed is well-known history, and needs
no repetition here.
A grateful country, penetrated by a deep con-
viction of the intuitive sagacity and elevated patri-
otism of General Taylor, united- with military
achievements of unsurpassed splendor, and ai per-
sonal character for truth and honesty- without a
superior, made him Chief Magistrate... The provi-
I dence of God has terminated his earthly career,
during this the first session of Congress; since his
inauguration. His father was permitted to liveand
take an efficient part in accomplishing those, meas-
ures which relieved Kentucky fr-om the threatened
horrors of civil war. The son has been, taken
hence to the world of spirits, before those agitating
questions which now excite Congress and .the peo-
ple, and threaten the destruction of the Govern-
ment, have, been settled. Mysterious Providence-!
There were thousands and hundreds of thousands
of-our countrymen,who looked- for help in this
time of need to the- un.bending' integrity and firm-
ness of purpose which ev,er characterized our late
President. God has taken from them this staff of
their reliance. It will be manifested in time w,hesher
the measure of General Taylor's honors and use-
fulness being full and overflowing, he was, removed
by the Ruler of the Universe to gi-ve place to those
equally or better ab)e to calm political dissensions,
and tp,extricate Uie.countcy from impending dan-
gers, or whether th$ awful judgments of God are
to rest upon us for national sins, and for the want
of that wisdom and spirit of conciliation which
have heretofore enabled such men -as Zachary
Taylor to secure national prosperity and happijiess.
Whatever purposes of the Deity the future may
unfold, the present is a day of mourning; and cer-
tain I. am that no portion of our extensive country
will fee I more sensibly the general bereavement
-than the State in which our dead and yet unburied
Chief Magistrate spent the morning of his life.
Kentucky will long remember and mourn for him
as one of her own sons, and as the commander
who, led her- McKee, her Clay, her Hardin, her
Barbour, her Willis, and a host of her less distin-
guished children, to the glorious sacrifice of life,
to secure the triunjph of their-country.
And-w,hi|e we sympathize and condole with the
family of the great and good, man gone from earth
forever, let us indulge the, hope that his bright exr
ample will b<? of immense value to succeeding gen-
erations, and, t^at his spirit with kindred sp,irit9
now constitute,a blessed spciety. in Heaven.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the report of
the committee was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, it was or-
dered that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Saturday at eleven o'clock.
On rooiion of .Mr. DICKINSON, the Secretaiy
of the Senate was directed to inform the President
of the United States and the House of Representa-
tives that the Senate have anointed a President
pro tem.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 11, 1850.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
eleven o'clock.
Prayer was offered by Rev. Mr. Gurley, Chap-
lain of the House.
The Journal was read and approved.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE FUNERAL.
Mr. CONRAD, on behalf of the joint committee
of the Senate and House of. Representatives, ap-
pointed yesterday to make the necessary arrange-
ments for the funeral of the late President of the
United States, made the. following report:
The joint commitfee of.the Senate and House of
Representatives, appointed yesterday to make the
necessary ,arra,nge.men,ts for the funeral of the late
President, report:
That the funeral will talje place from the Presi-
dent's House on Saturday next. The ceremonies
to commence, at twelve o'clock, m., and the pro-
cession to moye.at.one o'clock, precisely.
That the two Houses of Congress assemble in
their respective, Chambers on Saturday next, at
eleven o clock, and, thence move in joint procession
to the President's House.
