270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition <>f H. J. Growaiki and ]
12 other citizens of Batavia, New York, praying that poet- j
age on letret* not exceeding half an ounce in weight may j
be established at two cents. I
Also, the Irko petition of S. C. Holden and 40 others, of
Genesee <?onr>tv. New York.
BvMr UNDERHILL: The petition of Slocum Hovvland
arid 59 other citizens of Cayuga county, New York, in fa-
vor of reduction of postage to two cents, prepaid, for half an
ounce, forariv distance.
On morion by Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut, it war* or-
dered that the papers in the cave of Isaac Downs, be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. t 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 4, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
ROADS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given. The title of the bill was
read for information as follows: "A Bill for the
construction of certain roads in the Territory of
Minnesota."
No objection having been made, the bill was
read twice by its title, and, on motion by Mr.
Sibley, was referred to the Committee on Roads ,
end Canals. !
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA. j
Mr. SIBLEY also asked leave to introduce a '
bill, of which previous notice had been given, and 1
the title of which w^s read, (for information,) as a \
" Bill for the benefit of the Territory of Minne- 1
sola." I
Mr. PUTNAM inquired of the Speaker what I
the regular order of business was ? !
The SPEAKER Raid that the regular order of j
business was the call of the States for resolutions. |
Mr. PUTNAM called for the regular order of j
business.
So, objection being made, the bill of Mr. Sibley
was not introduced.
RESOLUTIONS, &C.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
And the first business in this order was the res-
olution heretofore ottered by Mr. Root,—upon
"which resolution the previous question had been
demanded; and tellers on that demand had been
ordered.
Mr. ROOT said he supposed that he mi^ht
modify the resolution before the previous question
was ordered
The SPEAKER ^nid the gentleman might mod-
ify the resolution, if he pleased, at any time befoie
the vote was taken.
Mr. ROOT said, he desired to modify the reso-
lution by striking out the words "Sierra Nevada
Mountains,'' and inserting the word "California;"
so as to read " east of California."
The resolution was accordingly modified.
Mr. ROOT then renewed the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. GORMAN rose to inquire of the Speaker,
whether it would be in order to amend the ievolu-
tion by striking out all after the resolving clause?
The SPEAKER said, the motion was not in
order pending a demand for the previous question.
The resolution, as modified, was then read as
follows.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be induct-
ed to lepoit to Die House, with as Utile delay as practicable,
a hill or hills providing for a territonal government or go\-
ernments for all that pa.it of the territory ceded in the United
Slate-: bv Mexico by the treaty oi Guadalupe Hidalgo, lying
ea-tward of California, ami prohibiting slaveiy theiun.
Mr. GORMAN inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er a demand had been made for the previous ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. MILLIARD rose to inquire of the Speaker
how the resolution came before the House at this
time? Heretofore, resolutions of this character,
when the House adjourned, pending their consid-
eration, had taken their place in the ordinary rou-
tine of business.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Milliard] was mistaken as to the
ruies and practice of the House. Whenever the
States were called in their order for resolutions,
and the House adjourned, pending action on any
resolution which might have been offered, that
resolution came up as the first business in order
whenever resolutions were again called for. When
the States were last called for resolutions, the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] had offered the
resolution now before the House, and had demand-
ed the previous question upon it. Pending the
demand for the previous question, the House had
adjourned..
Mr. HILLIARD. Do I understand the Speaker
to say, that such has been the practice of the
House heretofore?
The SPEAKER. The invariable practice, so
far as the Chair is informed.
Mr. HARALSON said that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Root] having made an alteration in
the resolution since the vote was taken (on a form;
er day) to lay the resolution upon the table, he
submitted to the Chair, whether it would not now
be in order again to move that it be laid on the
table. If that motion was in order, he would
make it. He submitted that it would be in order,
because the resolution had undergone an essen-
tial alteration since the previous motion to lay it
upon the table had been decided.
The SPEAKER. A motion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table is in order.
Mr. HARALSON. Thpn I make it.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, appealed to the ;
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] to let '
the vote be taken directly on the demand for the i
previous question, and that the House might thus j;
be brought directly to the consideration of the j
resolution. |
Mr. HARALSON, in reply, said, that his ob- i
ject in the motion he had submitted was to ascer- j
tain what the disposition of the House was as to j
acting on this subject. His own desire was to
dispose of it in the most summary way possible. .
The SPEAKER. Theee remarks are out of:
order. Does the gentleman withdraw the motion I
to lay on the table.
Mr. HARALSON withdrew it.
Mr. VENABLE renewed it.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. GOODENOW called for the reading of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER called upon the House to ob-
serve order, that the resolution might be under-
stood by the members, and that the necessity of so
frequent calls for its reading might thus be pre-
vented.
The resolution was then again read.
Mr. WILLIAMS rose to inquire of "the Chair,
whether the gentleman from Ohio [Ml*. Root] had
so modified his resolution as to include California?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been re-
ported to the House and the House must judge of
the terms. The Clerk will read the resolution.
All debate is out of order.
Mr. ROOT. It excludes California.
The resolution was then again read.
And the question " Shall this resolution be laid
upon the table'" was then taken.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. HOAGLAND (his name having been
called) stated that he had paned off with Mr.
Newell, of New Jersey, who had been called
home by the sickness of his wife.  
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, who had been
called out of the House on business for a few mo-
ments, and who, consequently, was not in his seat
when his name was called, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to be allowed to record his
vote.
Mr. ROOT. It never is allowed. I object.
So Mr. Johnson's vote was not recorded. He
remarked, that if permitted to record it, he should
have voted in favor of laying the resolution on
the table.
Mr. McWILLIE made a similar request.
Objection was made.
Mr. McWILLIE moved tbnt all members who
had entered the Hall whilst the roll was being
called, should be allowed to vote.
The SPEAKER. That motion, or any other,
will require unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, preferred a simi-
lar request in his own behalf.
Objections were made.
Mr. MORSE made a similar request.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER said it was obviously unneces-
sary to make these requests. It was known that
the Elouse had never heretofore granted them.
The result was then announced—yeas 105,
nays 75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, #Ashe,
Averett, Bay, Bavlv, Beale, Bis?ell, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Burt,
Chester Butler, E. Carrmgton Cabell, George Alfred Cald-
well, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clark, Clmgman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Conrad, Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick,
Dixon, Dunham, Rdmund*on, Feathers-ton, Fuller, Gentry,
Gtlmore, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, HaraKon, I. G Harris,
S. W. Harris, T. L. Ilartis, Havtnond, Htlhard, Holliday,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, A Johnson, R.
W. Johnson, Jones,Kaufman Jas. G. King. Jno. A. King,La
S6re, Lefflcr. Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, VcClernand. Mc-
Dowell, MeKi**ock, McLanahan, R. M. MeLane, Mi-Mul-
Itn, McCiueen, Meade, Miller, Mill-on, Morehead, Moiton,
Nelson, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Phelps Plueaix, Pit-
man, Rschaidson, Robbing Ross, lavage, Sheppeid, Sianly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander II.
Stephen*, Ta>Ioi, Thomas, Jacob Thompson John B.
Thompson. Toombs. Underbill, Venable, Vinton, Wallace,
Warkin*. Wellborn, Williams, Woodward, and Yowns—10. .
NAYS—Me."!?. Alexander, Allen, Baker. Bingham,
Booth, Buel, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin,
Campbell. Carter, Cleveland, Cole,Conger,Corwin, Dickey,
Dtsriey, Duncan. Durkee, Nathan Evans*, Fit eh, Fowler,
Freedlpy, Geiry, Giddings, Goodonow, Golf, Gould. Hallo-
way, Harlan, Hay. Hebard, Henry, flibluud, Howe, Hunter,
Jackson. Daniel P. King. George G. King, Preston King,
Litth field. FIoi.iceMann, Mattcson.McDonald,McGaughey,
Meacham, Moore, Morris:, Ogle, Old*. Otis, Pcaslee, Per k,
Potter, Putnam, Ri-ie\, Robinson, Rockwell, Root. Rum-
sev, Saekett. SawfHle, Schenek, Pchermerhom, Sil-
vester, Spalding, Spragne, Thaddcus Steven*, Ste(*on,
Strong, SweeL-er. Thurinan, Van Dj ke, Walden, Waldo,
White, Whittlesey, WildncK, and Wilson—75.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
VIRGINIA MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. TAYLOR asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
*bill of the following title, and of which previous
notice had been £iven: " A bill further ^o extend
the time of locating Virginia military land war-
rants, and returning surveys thereon to the Gen-
i era! Land Office.''
The bill having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be.printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DISNEY sent to the Speaker's table the
following resolutions, which were read:
Whereas, the time hius arnved when a just regaid for the
peace and welfare of the Republic demand not onlv a clear
and accurate definition of the, legislative power of the Gen-
eta! Government over the people of any Teintory which
either now belongs to the United States, or hereafter may
be acquned by them, but also, that such a definition of that
power shall remmn a* is fundamental law : And whet ea>. the
power of exclusive legislation over the District of Columbia,
a- a seat of Government, t> necessary to the unembana-sed
deliberations of Congiess, and is obviously required b\ the
dignity and neces-ities of the Government, while the tun-
i damcutal principle? of our institutions demand that, as the
Legislature of me District, Congress, with a regard to the
national interest, shall obey the will of it? people in relation
to their domestic mattei*, and as no necessity can anse,
which will demand the sacrifice of either the power of the
Government oi the people's lights, because they each may
be respected, by retroeeuing the Dinner, and selecting some
other, where, by agreement, such question?- may be perma-
nently settled, and tfou- the interests ot the Government, the
sentiments of the nation, and the right;? of the people, be
ahkf maintained: Th"iefore,
Resolved In/ the Senate and House of Represe'iit-diies of the
United States of <rimenca in Congress nsse tfc<'ed, That as nil
ju-t power is derived from the consent of the governed, and
it is the especial duly of the Ameucan people to vindicate
this great truth, it i* hereby declared that the people of eveiy
srparate community, whether the} do or do not reside in a
Tenitory belonging to the United States, possess and have
a native and inherent right to frame then own domestic
laws, and to establish their own local government* in all
cn*es where the provisions of such laws and the character
of such government* uo not conflict with the provision-* and
limitations of the Constitution or the propnetury ngnts of
the General Government.
Reioh-ctl, That in order that this acknowledgment of the
people's rights may forever remain in torce, the Committ* e
on the Judtciarv he, and they are heieby, in-trucf d to pte-
paie and repoit to th< Hon^e, v\ith proper limitation-, m te-
gard to the tenuoini extent ot eacli eomrmiiuh. a sinranle
provision for an amendment to the Constitution ot the Uni-
ted States, which shall mgiaft on that msti ument an expli-
cit declaration ol the toie^om^ principles as an oi^atnc
law.
Eesolrcd, That the will of the people of ihe District of
Columbia of light ought at all times to govern the action of
Oonare^s in relation to the existence of slavery within its
limit*.
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. DISNEY desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether, il the resolutions should now
lie upon the table, they would, as a matter of
course, come up on the next resolution day?
The SPEAKER said, not unless they should
come up in their regular order. All mattets, pre-
