1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
viously offered, in this order of business must be
first disposed of.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I will re-
lieve the gentleman [Mr. Disney] in "a moment.
I propose to debate the resolutions. By the rule,
therefore, they must go over, and it will be in or-
der to debate them when we reach them.
[A brief conversation followed between Messrs.
THOMPSON,^DISNEY, and the SPEAKER.]
The SPEAKER."" If resolutions are introduced,
and it is proposed to debate theni, they must go
over by the rule, and must take their place in the
regular order of business with resolutions lying
over for debate. And, whenever these resolutions
are reached, the resolutions of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] will be taken up in their regu-
lar order.
Mr. DISNEY moved that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and on that motion he de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. CONGER moved that the resolutions be
laid upon the table.
And the question having been taken and de-
cided in the affirmative,
The resolutions were laid upon the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to offer a reso-
lution.
Objections were made.
THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. GIDDINGS sent to the Speaker's table the
following resolution. He would be obliged to the
House, he said, if it would give him the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution, and he de-
manded the previous question.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That sve hold these truths to be self-evident,
that all mer, aie created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with the inalienable rights of life and liberty,
and that governments are instituted to maintain these
rights. . m
Resolved, That in constituting government m any Terri
tory of the United States, it is the duty of Congress to
secure to all the people thereof, of whatsuevei complexion
the enjoyment ol the lights atoresaid.
Mr. INGE moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
The' question was taken, and was declared by
the Speaker to have been rejected;—
When Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WOODWARD called for the reading of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER again called upon members to
resume their seats, and to maintain order while
the resolution was being read.
Mr. CLINGMAN rose to a point of order.
The SPEAKER said he would entertain no
motion until order had been restored.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted that after the
House had acted on the motion to lay on the table,
had rejected it, and after that decision had been
announced by the Chair, it was not in order for a
gentleman to insist upon a second vote being
taken by a demand for the yeas and nays.
■ Every member had a constitutional right to call
for the yeas and nays, but he must do so before the
question had been determined. The House could
not be compelled in this manner to vote a second ,
'"rvTr. JONES suggested that the point raised by
the o-entleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] was not a question of order but a consti-
tutional question. .
The SPEAKER said, that the point of order
was not debatable. The practice adopted by his im-
mediate predecessor, and m the propriety of which
he concurred, drew a distinction between a de-
mand for the yeas and nays and other cases. W hen
a demand was made for the yeas and nays, the ques-
tion was entertained at any time before the House
had passed to any other business. The Chair
entertained the motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked for tellers on the yeas
and nays; which were ordered. _
Messrs. Root and Savage were appointed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut, asked for the
readinf of the resolution.
The°SPEAKER said, the House were dividing.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr MORSE desired to be informed by the
Sneaker whether the question on the demand for
the previous question would come up it the motion
to lay on the table was rejected.
The SPEAKER. It will be the first question
pending if the House refuse to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. MORSE. Then I hope the motion to lay
the resolution on the table will be rejected.
The resolution having been Again read, the
question " Shall this resolution be laid upon the
table?" was taken, and decided in the affirmative
-yeas 104, nays 89, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Avoi ett, Bay, Bayly, Beale, BusdljBowdon, Bowuj, Bowlin,
Bojd, JBreck, Brings, Albert G. Brown, Win. J. Biown,
Buei, Buit, (j. Butler, e. C. Cabeil, G. A. Caldwell, J. P*
Caldwell, Casey, Clmgruan, W. R. W. Cobb, Colettck,
(Jonraii, Daniel, Debero, Dunham, Edrnund*on, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Fuller, (iemry, (iornmn. Green, flail, Hamilton,
Huialnou, I. G. Harris, S. W. tlarrito, T. L. Harris, Ha>-
moud, Hiiltard, Holliday, Houston, Hoivaid, Hubbard,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Joluison, Jones-, Kaufman, Kmr, La Seic, Lefiler, Job
Mann, Max&liall, Mason, McCiernand, MeliowHI, t-JNlcLan-
ahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. iMeLean, MeMuJen,
McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Milton, IMordiead,
Mor.^e, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Paiker, Phelps., Pit-
man, Richardson, Robbing, Ross-, Savage. Sheppeid, Stanly,
Fiedenck i\ Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Watkius, Well-
born, Williams, Woodward, and Young—-104.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Andrews, Baker,
Booth, Burrows, T. B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Oaiter, Chandler, ('lark, Cleveland,Cole,Conger, Cor-
vvin, Dickey, Di>ney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee,
N. Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gerry, Giddings, Goodeuow,
Gott, Gould, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Hebard, H< nry, Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, Julian, Daniel P. King, George G King,
Jasmes G. King, John "A. King, Preston King, Littlehcld,
H. Maun, Mattc&on, jV^cDonald, McGau^hi-y, MtKissock,
Meacham, Moore, Morns, NeKon, Ogle, Olds, Pea-slee,
Peck, Pnonnx, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ilisley,
Rockwell, Root, Rum.-ey, Sackeit, Suwieile, Souenck,
Suhermnrhorn, Silvester, Spalding, Sp«ra ue, Thaddmib _j
Stevens, Stetson, James Thompson, Thurman, Undeihill, n
Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, White, Wilmot,
Wilson, and Wood—92.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced, on leave, a bill to
grant preemption rights for certain islands in the
Great Miami river; which was read twice, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a bill to regulate the value of certain coins
in the United States and'to provide for the coinage
of double dimes; which was read twice and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a bill to indemnify the officers and crews
of vessels of war in the United States Navy for
losses by shipwreck, firfe, and other casualties;
which was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CABLE introduced the following resolu-
tion, which being objected to, lies over under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
they are hereby, instructed to report a bill, at as early a day
as practicable, to prohibit all speculation m the public
lands, and malce tliem free of access, in limited quantities, to
actual pettleis.
. Mr. LA SERE introduced,on leave, a bill for the
relief of the assignees under the Baron de Ferriet;
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CONRAD submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to tins House what number of f.uluies ot the
mail have occurred in the Kouth, between the cities ol
Washington and New Orleans, during each ot the years
ending mi the 3l*t Decembei, 184b and 18-19, respectively;
at what point or points, 011 said toutc, such tanuies oc-
curred, by what c.uise or causes tliey weie occasioned,
and by what means, if any, tlleir lecurreuce may be pre-
^Resthetl, That said Postmaster General be requested to
repoil 1 lie piobahle cost of running a dally e.\pre?s mail on
horseback, lor k tteis only, between Gntiin, 111 Ueoigia,
and Mobile, 111 Alabama.
Mr. CONRAD asked permission of the House
to introduce a joint resolution, of which notice
had not been previously given, directing a survey
to be made of the obstructions placed 111 the
Bayou Lafourche by order of General Jackson in
the years 1814 and 1815.
Objection uas made to the introduction of the
joint resolution.
Mr. CONRAD moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce the resolution; but the
House refused to do so by a vote of 92 m the
affirmative to 53 in the negative—not two-thirds.
I OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. OLDS asked leave to offer a resolution,
' liavinf been deprived of the opportunity of doing
so when fiis State was called, declaring the office '
of Doorkeeper vacant, in consequence of the post-
ponement of the election of that officer till the 1st
March, 1851, and devolving the duties of the said
office on the Sergeant-at-Arms.
And Mr. 0. demanded the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON objected to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN suggested that by the action
of the House heretofore this resolution was out of
order.
Mr. HOUSTON said that the State of Ohio had
been called, and' the resolution was not now in
order.
The SPEAKER. When the State of Ohio was
called, the gentleman [Mr. Olds] addressed the
Chair, and was not recognized, and another gen-
tleman obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I objected; and I do now
object. 1 have a resolution Which I am anxious
to offer.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman object at
the time?
Mr. HOUSTON. I did object before the reso-
lution was sent in, because the State of Ohio had
been called.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objected at
the time, the resolution is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I certainly did object.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. ROBINSON inquired whether the State
of Indiana had been called.
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
Mr. WOOD inquired if the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olbs] was ruled out of
order.
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. ROBINSON offered the following preamble
and resolutions, oil which he asked the previous
question:
Whereas this House, by resolution, lias postponed the
election of Doorkeeper until the first day of Maich, 1831.
Therefore:
Resolved, That, said office being vacant, it is competent
and proper to piovide for the discharge of the duties of said
office by devolving the same upon some other officer of tins
House.
Resolved, further, That Adam J. Glossbrenner, the Ser-
iieaiit-at-Arms ot this House, be and is hoieby e-v-ojfu-io au-
1 thoiized to pel form the duties ot Dooikeeper of this House
1 until the day fixed for the election of said officer.
I Mr. ROBINSON demanded the previous
1 question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a point
of order. He wished to inquire of the Chair, if it
were in order to receive and act upon the resolu-
tion without one day's notice, acordmg to the rules
of the House ? The object of the resolution was, to
change one of the standing rules of the House,
which defined the duties of the Sergeant-at-Arms
—the object of the resolution was, to impose ad-
ditional and important duties upon the Sergeant-
at-Arms—duties not contemplated by the rules of
this House defining his duties; and according to
the 136th rule of the House, this change could not
be made without one day's notice.
The SPEAKER said, in the judgment of the
Chair the resolution did not require one day's no-
tice, but that the House at any time, when resolu-
tions were in order, might impose these or any-
other duties on one of its officers. The Chair
overruled the point of order.
Mr. STEPHENS appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and asked the yea's and nays, which
; were ordered.
Mr.-S. also called for the reading of the 67th
' standing rule of the House ; which is in the foi-
! lowing words :
i « A Sei geant-at-Arms shall he appointed to hold his office
! dm in? the pleaMiie of the House, whose duty it shall be o
attend 10 the House during its sittings, to «x^"te'*^1'™,T
: mauds ol the House from time to time, wetiler wiUi all
| such process issued by authority thereof as shall be directed
! to him by the Speaker."
And also the first clause of the 136th rule; which
is as follows : .
« No standing rule or order of the House shall be rescind-
ed or changed without one day's notice being given of the
motion therefor."
Mr STANLYwasunderstood to inquire whether
there was not a motion pending to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The point of order has pre-
cedence, because it relates to the introduction of
the resolution. If the point of order of the gentle-
