1850.
\
THE CQNGRI^SIQNA^ QWm.
That the Chambers of the two Houses be hung
in bl.ack, and that t;he members wear the usual
hadges of mourning.
The committee further report, that a programme
of all the ceremonies proposed on the occasion,
will be published at the earliest moment.
The military and naval arrangements of.the day
will be under the direction of Major General Scott,
commanding the Army df the United States, and
of Commodore Warrington; the senior naval(offi-
cer present, and will conform, in all essential re-
spects, to those adopted on the occasion of the
funeral of the late President Harrison.
On motion, the report w^s unanimously adopted.
Mr. STRONG moved that when the Housp'ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet at eleven o'ctock
on Saturday morning."
Mr. CONRAD suggested to .the gentleman frorn
Pennsylvania, thatas,in accordance with the pro-
gramme reported by the committee and just
adopted, the joint procession'of the two Houses
was to move from the Qfjpitol.at eleven o'clock on
Saturday morning, it would be proper to adjourn
to meet at an fearlier hour.
Mr. STRONG. The honorable gentleman would
bear in mind th^t the report of the committee rec-
ommended that the flouse meet at eleven o'clock.
The motion of Mr. Strong was unanimously
agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SXEPHEP^S, of Georgia,
Ordered, That the report of the joint committee be en-
tered upon the Journal
On motion by Mr. DUER,
The House adjourned, to meet at eleven o'clock,
a. m., on Saturday next. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 15, 1850.
Mr. MORSE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill.
The title thereof was read, as il An act granting1
the franking privilege to Mrs. 'MargaretS. Tay-
lor.".
No objection having been made—
The bill was introduced and read twice by its
title.
And the question being on ordering the same to
be engrossed for a third'reading—
~T£c reading of the bill was called for.
And it was read through.
And the bill was then read a third time and
THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
A. Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing: the House
that the Senate had choserr Hon. W. R. King
President pro tern, of that body.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
THE GALPHIJ* CLAIM.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the report,of the select committee,on the
Galphin claim. And the pending question is on
the amendment heretofore offered b.y the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Featherston] to the
third and last resolution of the select committee.
And upon that question the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi demanded the previous question.
The last resolution of the committee was in the
following words:
3d. Resolved, That the act aforesaid did not authorize the
Secretary of the Tieasur? to ptiy interest on said claim, and
its payment was not " in conformity with law7' or (i prece-
dent.'*
And the amendment of Mr. Featherston was
in the following words:
" And that the House does not approve of the conduct of
the Secretary of War, in continuing to be interested in the
prosecution of it when it was to be examined, adjusted,
and paid by one of tiie departments of the Government, he
himself being at the same tune at the bead of another of
those depaitments, but the House considers that such con-
necuon and interest of a member of the Cabinet with a ,
claim pending and prosecuted before another department, ;
would be improper, dangerous as a precedent, ;uid ought j
not to be sanctioned. And consequently this House also
dissents from the opinion which the Secretary of War has
said the President of the United States expressed to him,
'that his (the said Crawford) beim* at the head of the "W ar
♦Department, and the agent of the claimants, did not take
'from him any rights he may have had as such a?ent, or
< would have justified him in having the examination and
'decision of the claims by the Secretary of the Treasury
' suspended and that this House decidedly disapproves of,
and dissents from, the opinion given by the Attorney Gen-
eral in favor of an allowance of ,interest on said cjaim, and
* The House on Saturday, merely met and proceeded to
the Execuuve Mansion.
fiom the action of the Secretary of the Treasury in payment
of the same." '
Mr. HILLfARD, (to the Speaker.) Is it now
in order to move that the whole subject be laid
upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state^in re-
ply to the inquiry of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. HiLLiATti),i 'that it-will be necessary to*ex-
amine the record' to ascertain whethe'r the question
has 'been changed since a motion to Jay on the
table was last made, before the'Chair can deter-
mine whether a motion to lay the whole subject
on the tahje will now be in order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said; Mr. Speaker,
having demanded the previous question on the
adoption of my amendment to the third resolution
reported by the committee, I now withdraw the
call for the previous question. 1 shall, before I
vield the floor, sir, withdiaw the amendment also.
"But, before doing so, I wish to state my reasons
for taking this course. Events have changed sincc
the amendment was offered;, and whilst my mind
has undergone no change in reference to the
amendment, or the propriety of adopting it, I do
not regard the present a suitable occasion or prop-
er timetimefor such' purpose. ' The melancholy
event which has deprived ihe nation of its late la-
mented Chief Magistrate, since welast sat for pur-
poses of legislation, renders the occanon inappro-
priate. It is true, sir, if the amendment should
be'adopted, it would amount' to nothing more, so
; far as the late Executive is concerned, than to
1 dissent from an opinion which he is said, by one
j of his Cabinet, to have expressed on tl^e subject
i of this amendment. But there will be moreap-
! propriate times for expressing such dissent than
i the present.' If theamendment should,be adopted,
| it would be but an expression of the opinion of
j Cpngress on the points involved. To prevent the
i recurrence of similar cases, and to remedy the evil,
j legislation will be necessary. I shall, therefore,
! introduce bills at an early day to secure the ob-
| jects of the amendment by a permanent law.
[ Mr. F. thereupon withdrew the demand for the
i previous question, and also withdrew his amend-
ment, and then demanded the previous question
on the adoption of the third resolution reported by
the select committee.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. HIJXIARD, (to the Speaker.) I now de-
sire to be informed by the Chair, whether it will
be in oider to move that the whole subject be laid
upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order.
Mr. H ILL! ARD was understood to indicate his
intention to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
thp gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] as
submitting a motion to lay the whole subject on
the table ?
Mr. HILLIARD. Yes, sir.
The reading of the third resolution of the com-
mittee was called for.
And it wns read.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Hilliard.]
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, submitted
that the motion to lay on the table, if it should
prevail, would carry with it only the thjrd resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. There is no other subject-
matter before the House on' which the motion to
lay on the tabte can operate. The effect, there-
fore, of the motion fd lay on the table, should that
motion prevail, will be to carry the third resolution
reported by the select committee to the table.
And the question, "Shall the whole subject be
laid upon the tabic was then taken.
Mr. WAL DO, when his name was called, stated
that' he liad paired off with his colleague, [Mr.
Butler]
Mr. CONRAD, who was engaged with the
joint committee at the time the roll was called,
asked the unanimous consent of the House to re-
cord his'vote.
Objection was made.
So the vote of Mr. Conrad -was not received.
And the "result was then announced—yeas 69,
nays 99; as follow:
YEAS—Messrg. Alston, A«hmun, Baker, Bokee, Biiggs,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Chandler, Clingman, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry,
Dixon, Duer, uuncan, Nathan JEvans, Fowler, Freedley,
Gentry, Gniti4 * Qrionell,'- HaymOnd, Heb&rd; rfienry,'Hil-
liard, Holmes, Houston, Ho\ye, Hijoler, William T. Jack-
son,, James L, Johnson. James G. A.
Marshall, Mattesdn,IVTcG;isugh'eV,'Mr-Ki5>sot,k5'M^br^, More-
head, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Outlaw, Pitman, Eutnabi,
Reed, Itisiey, Rurosey, S^ckett, S.ehenek, Sehermer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Spaulding, Spra(*ue, Alexander il'. S?te-
' phens, Thaddens Stevens, Tayfdr, Thdrmaiij Tootiitfs,
'Underbill, Van Dyke,"Vinton, Wellborn,Wflite, Williams,
and Winthrop—69.
NAYS,—Messrs Albert$on,A!Jen, Andrews, Ashe, Averett,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, B&sfeH, Bdjcock, BootHuBpw-
don, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. SrSwn,'William J.'Browfi,
Bufcl, Burt, Joseph Cabl , George AJlted Caldwell, Ca'mp-
torll, Cariter? Cleveland, WiijiamgRii Rf W. Cot#, Coipoek,
Conger, Daniel, Doty, Diirkee, Edmmidsoa^ Eyviflg* Feather-
ston, Fitch, Gerry, Giddinga, Gilmore, uoit, 'Hall,1 FIai/6-
vvay, Hamilton, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbar'd, Holla-
day, Howard, Inge, Joseph W, Jackson. Andrew Johifson,
Kaufman, Presron King, La SSsre^ Leffler, Uttlefield, Job
Mann, Mason,'McClernand, McDowell, MoL-tnnhan, R- M.
McLane, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Milium, M >rris,'Morse,
Newell, Oids, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Peek, Pftclps, Potter,
Powell, Reynolds, Bobbins,' Rq&jnsfm, Root, Kose, Ross,
Savage, Sawtelle, Silvester, Fredeiicfc.P. Stanton; Richard
H Stanlon, Stet&on, SweeUer, Thomas, Jacob Thompson
James Thompson, Tuck, VenaMe, Wallace, VWotworUi*
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Wood., and Woodwaid—$9'
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid upon- the. tabled
The question' then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question. \ ;
Mr. ROOT desired to be informed by the Speak-
er whether, if tfye demand for the!previousquestion
should not be seconded, it'would, be, in..order:' to
move an amendment touching the conduct ,off the
Secretary of War? • • •?
The SPEAKER. If the House ^hould refuse
to second the demand for the previous,question, any
amendment that connects itself with the resolution
now before the House wilt, in the opinion of, the
Chair, be in order.
And the question, <f Is there a second to the de-
mand for the pievious question was then taken,
and the vote stood—ayes 91, noes 38,
Mr. ROOT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Root, of
Ohio, and McQueen, of South Carolina, were ap-
pointed.
Mr. FOWLER, aslred that the question might
be again stated.
The SPEAKER stated it.
And the question having been again taken, the
vote stood—ayes 75, noes 73. ! '
So there was a second to the demand for the pre-
ous question.
The question recurring " Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"—
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays—remark-
ing that he wanted to see who were going to back
out on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 104, nays 74; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albcrtson, Allen, Alston, Ashe, Ash-
mun,' Averott, B kor, Bay, Bisscll, Bocodk, Bokee, Booth,
Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd, Breck, Albert G. Brown, Wil-
liam J. Biovyn^ Buel, Burrows, Burt, Jn>eph Cable, George
A. Caldwell,'Cartter, Cleveland, Chngman,' Williamson
U. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conrad, Corwin, Deberry, jfrixon,
Eiimundson, Ewing, F^ather.-ton,-Gentry, Giddmgs, GiJ-
more, Gould, Green, GruinelJ, JHalj, iiaxmUon,' Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Haymond, .IJibbard. !iIillu4rd,'fIona-
day, Holmes, Howard, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jaeksori,
Kaufman, La Sfcre, Leffler, LitUefieJdj Horace Mann,
Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McLanahan, R. M. McLane, McMullen, Me-
Clueen,*M<'Willie, Vlende, Million, Morelicad, Moi>e, Mor-
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Pea*ieo, Phelps, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Risley, Robbing, Robinson, Sawtelie, Shepperd,
F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Stetson,
Strong, SweeU*er;Tliomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, J. B. Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn,
WliiuU'sey, Williams, Winthrop, and Woodward—104.
NAYr*—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Bennett. Bingham,
Briggs, Btnoks, Jor-eph P. Caldwell, Ualvin, Campbell,
Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Conger, D.irael, Dnmniek, Doty,
Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Fowler, Freedley, Gott, Halloway, Tuomas L- Hams,
Henry, Houston, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, James G. King, John A King, Preston King,
Matte5on, Miller, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Olds, Peck, Phoenix, hitman, Pot-er, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Root, Rose, Ross, Rmnsey, Savage, Sehenck, Scher-
merhoru,Schoolcraft, Stlvester,Spaulding. Sprague, Stanly,
Tliaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underluli,
Wentworth, White, Wildri'ck, Wilmot, Wood, and Youngs-
[Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, when his name
was called, stated that at the request of a gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr." King*] who-was absent
ori a short visit to his family, he had paired off
with him upon the slavery and Galphin questions;
he, therefore, declined to vote.]-
So the main question was ordered to be now
taken. ' 0 *'
