278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
riian from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] is well
taken, the resolution cannot be considered to-day
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that before the resolu-
tion was voted upon he fished to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I give notice that I shall
offer an amendment,, that the Sergeant-at-Arms
also perform the duties of Postmaster.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether the House had not heretofore decided
his resolution to be out of order.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair thought not.
When the resolution was introduced on a former
occasion, the Chair entertained it upon the ground
that it was a question of privilege. The House re-
versed this decision—thus deciding that it was not
a question of privilege. The Chair now conformed
to that decision of the House, and did not rule
this to be a question of privilege.
After some conversation between Mr.
SCHENCIC and the SPEAKER, the question
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House r" was taken, and decided
in the negative—yeas 94, nays 101, as follows:
YUAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Aveiett, Bay, Beale,
Bmeimm, Bi-sell, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G
Biown, William J. Biown, Bud, Burtj Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Carter,
Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coicock, Dimuuck,
Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Edntundson, Fjteh, Fulle r, Ger-
ry, Goiman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Harafson, Harlan,
Islnm G. Harris, Sampson W. JIanis, Thomas L, l-Jarris,
Htbbard, Holhday, Howard, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La S&re, Lelfler, Littletield,
Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, R.
M. Mebane, McMullen, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Mil-
ler, Millson, Morris, Morse,Old-, Oi r,Parker, Peaslee, Peck,
Pottei, Richardson,Robbing, Robinson, Root,Ross, Savage,
Sawtell, Frederick P. Stanton.Richaid H. Stanton,Stetson,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
William Thompson, Veuable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wilmoi, Wood, and Young—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexaiuh r, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews. Baker, Breok, Brings, Brook-, Burrows, Chester
Builet, Thomas B. Bnller, E. Canmgton Cabell, Calvin,
Casey, Chandler, Ciaik, Chngman, Cole, Congei, Conrad,
Corwin, Debt'rry, Duko\, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan?, Featherston, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentiy, Guiding^, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Hamp-
ton, Hay, Ilajmond, Hebard, Henry, Hilhaid, Holme?!,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, Inge, Jackson, J L Johnson,
Kerr^ Daniel P. King, Geoige G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Preston King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Mat-
tcaon, McCJausjhey, McICissock, F. K. McLcan, Meacham,
Moore, Morehead, Moiton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rotkwell,
Ruui^ey, Wackett, Sehenek, Sehernierliorn, Sh< pperd, Sil-
vestei, Spalding, Spraj ue, Stanly, A. II. Stephen^, T.
Stevuis, Taj lor, John IS. Thompson, Thuiman, Toombs,
Undeihill, Van l)vke, Vmton, VVatkins, White, ~V\ ilhams,
Wilson, and Wmthrop—J01.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the House decided that the resolution was nut in
order.
[Mr. BOWIE, when his name was called, voted
—but subsequently, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his vote. He had agreed with his colleague
[Mr. Hammond] not to vote in the event of Ins
[Mi. H.] not being in his seat.]
SLAVERY.
Mr. GORMAN sent to the Speaker's tabic the
following resolutions, giving notice of his intention
to offer "some remarks upon them at the proper
time:
With a'view to harmonize and settle the conflicting sen-
timents of the people on the tubjecr of slavery, and to pre-
serve the inU'Knt) ot the union ol the Slates:
Resolved, That the Committee nnTtrntoiies inquire into
the expediency of admitting California into the Union with
her present constitution, receiving to Congress the right
In i eaiier to form a State or Suites out of her piescnt bountl-
aues, which said new States shall lie north ot 3d0 tH)' noilii
latitude.
AL'O, to -nnbi.ieo a provision foranoihci State out of the
pie . r! hm'i- of Texas, in accordance with the resolutions
of anue^a ioti, wh:di Stale shall be west ot the Cotoiado,
vvi'i' an) luitner regulations as to boundaiy as may be ne-
tc-wy.
Al-o, to embrace a p'ovwou organizing Territorial Gov-
erum: nis .ui New .Ucaico and Dc-eret; which Temtorjal
Govereme'.t- vii<ili is eojm/.e ti.e ngiit of the people to
govern U'< ;;i-'i\e.=. tnev may think best cab-nlaied to
seem c tbei: libert), li^ppiness, and pro-penty, ui'liammelcd
b.> an) at tion o! " other than by the consent of tlie
g-.v« rn. d,5' ued. t tit.. 11 -u icuo.is anu limitation.; ot the Con-
stitution o' uh; United Guiles.
Ai.-o, to emt:rate in iiu ^anie general bill a piopontion to
puieuafe 01 t 10 Stale of Tex* is all mat part ui her pi .'sent
boundary which i«es north ol 34s nortii latitude, according to
the amp attiched to ti.e treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo;
wiiKh t< riitorv, whe.  -o purchased, s'saii be "attached" to
the o: New Mtxiro and govetin-d accoidxng to Me
laws and institutions wmch maj be th-'tein established.
The resolution lies over under the rule.
POSTAGE.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, introduced, on le&ve,
a bill to reduce the rates ©f postage, and for other
purposes i which was read twice and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GORMAN gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill to grant to the State of Indiana,
for the benefit of said State, one additional town-
ship of land in lieu of one in controversy in the
Supreme Court of said State.
THE DOORKEEPER AGAIN.
Mr. DUNHAM offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, As the sen?e of this House, that no person has
been legally chosen and qualified to perform the duties of
Doorkeeper of this House tor the present Congress.
Resolved, therefore, That George R. Herrick, of New York,
be and he is hereby authorized to perform the duties ot
Doorkeeper of this House, until such officer shall be duly
elected; and that he be required to take the usual oath ot
such othcer.
Mr. MOORE moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN objected to the reception of
the resolution as out of order.
The SPEAKER decided that the first resolution
was in order. The second resolution, binder the
decision of the House, was out of order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he pro-
posed to debate the resolution.
So the resolution went over for debate.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Indiana, instruct-
ing the Senators and requesting the Representa-
tives from that State to cast their votes and use
their influence to have ingrafted upon any law
that may be passed for the organization of Terri-
tories recently acquired from Mexico, a provision
excluding from such Territories slavery and invol-
untary servitude except for the punishment of
crimes of which the party is duly convicted; which
were ordeied to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, the joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Indiana in relation to the costs in the District and
Ciicuit Courts of the United States, involving
questions of patent rights by patentees and their
assignees who are insolvent; which were read and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of Indi-
ana, praying a reduction of the price of the public
lands in the Great Miami Reserve in the State of
Indiana; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands and oidercd to be printed.
MILITARY EXPEDITION AGAINST CUBA.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, submitted the
following resolution, viz :
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested (if, in his judgment, the public interest will not be
endangered thereby) to communicate to the House of Repre-
sentatives the evidence m his possession that a '• consider-
able number ot adventurers weie engaged duimg la t sum-
mer in fitting out a imlitaiy expedition within the United
States against a foieign count)), and that it was piobably
deemed to invade the inland ot Cubaand that he be lut-
ther icqucj-ted to communicate to this HoiifC eopus ot alf
ui.-vtiuctions, given to Commander Randolph, oi an> othei
naval ot nuhtaiy oiheer of the Government, concerning the
supposed expedition and inva&ion, and all eoiresjpoiidencc
had in ieletence thereto; and es-peeiail) tna! he communi-
cate to the House copies of all otdeis and mstiuerions given
and of all curie&pondeuce had in reluenee to the peieons
assembled on Round Inland, oil' the souther.) coast o/ ?.Iis-
aissippi, m the summer oi 1649, including copies ot thecot-
re^pondence (if any wa* had) between the Piesident or
head* ot Departments and the Governor of Mississippi.
The resolution, under the rule, lies one day on
the tdble.
PRE-EMPTIONS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, introduced, on
leave, a bill to perpetuate preemptions to actual set-
tleis on the public lands; which was read twice.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, on leave, introduced a bill to incorporate
the Columbian Manufacturing Company of the
District of Columbia; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked leave
to introduce a bill, (of which previous notice had
been given,) of the following title: " A bill to re-
peal the act entitled ' An act to establish the Home
Department, and to provide for the Treasury De-
paitrnentan Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
and Commissions of the Customs."
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
granting leave.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays, but withdrew the demand.
The question was then taken, and leave was
granted.
So the bill was introduced, and having been
read twice by its title—
Mr. THOMPSON moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
In making this motion, Mr. T. remarked that
there was no detail in it, otherwise he should move
the reference of the bill to a standing committee.
The question was then taken, and having been
decided in the affirmative, the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
At a subsequent peiiod of the day—
Mr. BAYLY rose and said he did not think
that an important bill of this character should be
sent to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union without having first undergone the
revision of a standing committee. He moved,
therefore, that the vote-by which the bill had been
refeired to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be reconsidered^with a view
(should that motion prevail) to move its reference
to the Committee of Ways and Means. .
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative—
The vote was reconsidered.
And then, on motion of Mr. BAYLY, the bill
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
CLERKS IN THE HOME DEPARTMENT. -
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, offered the
following resolution; which was read, viz:
Resolied, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to infoim this House whether any e\ua or temporary clerks,
not specifically designated and appropriated tor by law, have
been employed in any of the offices ol the Department of
the inteiior since the 4th of March, 1849; and if any, to
state the reason lor their employment, and the law author-
izing it. Also, to furnish a list of the same from each office,
showing the specific business on what they are or have been
employed, the rate of compensation paid to each, and desig-
nating the appropriations out of which their compensation
is paid. Also, to furnish a list of all persons who are or
have been employed in the office of the Interior Depart-
ment proper, exclusive of the Secretary and Chief Clerk of
said Department, showing the late of compensation paid to
each, the appropriations out of which said compensation is
paid, and the law authorizing the same. Also, to furnish a
statement of the contingent expenses of said Department
up to the 1st of January, 1850, and the appropriations out of
which they are paid. Also, to inform this House whether
he lias caused the transferof any clerk or clerks, appointed
as such, in any of the offices now belonging to the said De-
paitmentof the Interior to the discharge of duties in the
office proper of said Department, and to state the authority
foi such transfers, if any, and whether the services of such
clerks aie no longer wanted in the offices in which they
hold their appointments.
Mr. PUTNAM submitted, as a point of order,
that the same member had no right to introduce a
bill and a resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he had
as yet introduced no resolution, and the bill had
been introduced on leaVe.
The SPEAKER said if the point of order was
insisted upon, the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] could not introduce the resolu-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the
rule was emphatically that each member "had a
right to offer a resolution. This right he pos-
sessed. Pie liad asked lea^e to introduce the bill,
and that was a different affair. He claimed his
right to offer the resolution.
The SPEAKER said the practice had been that
whenever a member had introduced a bill or reso-
lution, he was not entitled to introduce another.
Mr. WINTHROP suggested his own strong
impression to be, that during the last two years
it had been ruled that a member had the right to
introduce a bill arid a resolution.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair had been gov-
erned cntucly by its recollection of the practice of
the House. If the Chair was mistaken, the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] would
be entitled to introduce the resolution.
Some conversation followed; after which the
resolution was received.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of considering the
resolution at this time; and on that motion he
asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
