280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
them to' consider gravely and deliberately these vexed ques-
tions; and if possible, to have them settled upon constitu-
tional and equitable principles between the North and itie
South: And whereas there are many men who have intro-
duced plans *uch as tfoey think calculated to produce tliat
effect, but owing to the spirit that too often prevails (if not
in thi^case) of two many wishing the honor of bringing for-
ward and consummating great ana important questions", and
thereby coming m conflict"with each other, and thus effect
nothing: Now,
Be it resolved and recommenced., (the Senate concurring,)
That a committee be appointed by the Senate and House of
Representatives, to consist of six members of the Senate—
three from the North "and thrfce from the South; also twenty
by the House, ten Iroin the South and ten from the North,
to meet m conference, to devise, if possible, a plan predica-
ted upon constitutional and equitable principles, for adjust-
ing &!1 difficulty growing out of the foregoing causes; and
that such plan he submitted to the respective houses lor
their consideration,—theieby, if possible, to perpetuate the
good feeling anil union of the two parties forever; and that
the Southern and Northern members in each House respect-
ively select such persons to serve on said committee m any
manner they think proper,
Mr. MEADE said he desired to debate the res-
olution; and it consequently lies over under the
rule.
Mr. HARRIS,of Alabama, introduced, on leave,
a bill to grant the right of way to the Central
Plank Road Company of Alabama; which was
read twice and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. INGE introduced on leave a bill for the re-
lief of James T. ShackJeford; which was read
twice and referred to the Committee on Public
Land Claims.
THE POWER TO ADMIT NEW STATES.
Mr. INGE submitted the following resolution;
which was read, viz:
Resolved, That under the Constitution of the United
States, Congress alone is vested with the power to admit
new States into this Union, and that no otherdepartmentof
the Government ought to interfere with the legitimate exei-
cise thereof.
Resolved, That  he interfeience of the present Executive
Administration, through the agency of Mr. T. Butler King,
in the political affairs of California was unamlinnzed bv the
Constitution and was a flagrant assumption of the poweia of
Congress.
Mr. I. moved the previous question on the
adoption of the resolution. It was not seconded;
and the resolution lies over under a proposition
to debate.
Mr. HILLIARD introduced, on leave, a bill to
amend the act to organize the District Court of the
United States in Alabama; which was twice read,
and on
The motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HILLIARD .submitted the following reso-
lution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, *£hat i! bo refeired to the Committee on Foicign
Affairs lo inquire info the expediency ol improving the con-
sular system ot the United Suites, with leave to icport by
bill or oUieivvise.
Mr. ALSTON presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Alabama, desiring that the
reserved lands in the county of Clark be admitted
to sale; which was twice read and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
DUTIES ON SALT.
Mr. HUBBARD offered the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Whereas the act entitled " An act reducing the duties on
imports, arid for other purposes" allows a drawback on the
foreign salt used in the pickled fith exported to foreign ports ;
and whereas there is no law allowing suchdiawbaek on the
foreign salt used in curing poik, beef, bacon, and other
meats exported from this country; and whereas there is no
just rea-on or tins discrimination against the great mas* of
the farmers of the United States: Therefore,
Rcvoteed. That 'the Committee of Ways and Mcansfte in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of importing a bill
placing all potts, pickled, preserved, o; cmed with "foreign
salt, on an equality, bv allowing a draw hack on the salt u*ed,
01 by abolishing all draw backs, and bounties in all cases
whatever.
The demand for the previous question, by ayes
91,43oes 32, was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. MARSPIALL asked the yeas and nays,
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
A motion was then made that the House ad-
journ, which was decided in the affirmative—yeas
89, nays 86.
So the House adjourned. I
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, gave notice that he would to-
morrow a&k leave to introduce a bill to provide for the loca-
tion of a section of land in each township m the State of
Illinois, in lieu of the 18th sections, where said sections
have not been appropriated or disposed ot for school pur-
poses, and where the value thereof is below the minimum
price of the public lands.
, Mr. CHANDLER gave notice that he should to-morrow,
or on some future day, introduce a bill entitled "An Jtct
providing for the cairying of the United States mail be-
tween the portb of Philadelphia and Liverpool.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials w^re
presented under the rule,and referred:
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of a large num-
ber of citizens of Catuiaugus county, New Yoik, calling
the attention of Congress to the persons held m bondage in
the Dir-tnct ot Columbia. A!so, to the imprisonment m
jails belonging to the United States m said Disuict of inno-
cent peisons not charged wah theeommistaou ot crime,and
the j>«de of Mich peisons into slavery to pay the jail tees and
other expenses of their imprisonment. Also, to the legal
authomies by which Diajvtou and Sayre are detained in
pu*on. Also, to the law of Congress ot 1793, which, as
construed by some of the courts, makes it penal to relieve
the hunger ot a fugitive slave. As-kmy tor the enactment of
an o:din<uice like that ot 1757, fore\ er prohibiting ^i-tvery in
the Territories bcJonyine to the United Slates, and tor the
repeal ot all laws enacted by the Federal Government
against freedom a.ul thelunriamental piimiplea of .Republi-
can Government. Referied to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, the petition of Clark Davli-on and others, at Ifart-
wick Seminary, Ot-ejjo County, New Yoi k, calling the atten-
tion of Congres-s to the impugnment ot JDrajion and Sayre
—to the retu-ai of a passport to Henry Uambleton on the
ground ofihe coloi of his Am—to the caseof Edward Brooks, :
and asking Congress to put an end to Slavery in the Dis-
trict ot Columbia. Referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the petition of citizens of St. Lawrence county, New
YoiU, asking Congress to establish the rates of postage on
prepaid lettets at two cents per half ounce. Refened to the
Committee on the Po^t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr PARKER: The petition of Geo. W. Snppingtonand
37 others, citizen* of Jeflcuon countv, Vuginia, placing the
benefit-, ot cheap postage, by fixing the postage on prepaid
letteis at two cents per hah once, and for the tree cncula-
tion of newspapers within the congressional distnct in
which they aie published.
Also, u similar petition fiom Norman Miller and 16 others,
citizen* ot Berkley county, Vngtnia ; both of which were re-
lerred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition ot 300 citizens of New
jDutfdio, Michigan, and one of 200 citizens of Nile*, asking
an nppropnatiou to constiuct a harbor at New Buffalo, on
Lake Michigan. Referied to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of A. C. Vanraulty and 1,000 citi/.ens of
Alligun and Ottawa counties, (or the consti uction of a har-
boi at Black Luke on Lake Michigan. Referied to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. •
Abo, the petition of C. Gurncy and 42 citi/.ens of Center-
ville, Michigan, lor reduction of postage Referred to the
Committee on the Po>t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition ot 28 citizens of
Zanesvilio, Ohio, tor cheap po>la«e Jtefeired to the Com-
mittee on the Post Ofiice and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of 67 citizens of Muskingum county,
Ohio, pi.tjinif Con M sstoaboh-h the Chnplamcy arid lefiain
from legislation on rehgioussubjects. Oulered to he on the
table.
By Mr. WALDO t-The petition of Iloratio Gndley ;ind
38 other*, elector* of the town ofJJoihn, Connecticut, for
a reduction of postage. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
B> Mr. ROSS. The petition of 1H citizens of Lehigh
county, Pennsj lva.ua, ii-kmc that Mich duties may he im-
posed upon foreign iron as will bung the largest revenue to
the public tre.isiuy. IlUured to the Committee ot Ways
and Mean-*
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of 70 citizens of Lock-
port, New York, asking that the rate ot postage on ptepaid
letters be established at two cents pei half ounce. Referred
to the Committee on the Po^t Office and Po.vt IloaiH
By Mr. RUMSISY: The petition oi tiu-tees, teachers, and
students of Franklin Academy, Steuben county, New York,
for cheap postage. Itefened to the Committee on the Post
Ofiice and Po-f Roads.
By Mr. PECK : The several pelitions of Samuel Mirriam
and otners, Frederick May and others, and of Erastus Par-
ker and others, citizens of Vermont, for cheap postage. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Road^.
By Mr. HAMILTON: Tie petition of citizens, of Mount
Savage, Maryland, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of citizens of Frederick county, Mnry-
; land, for cheap po^tase. Refeired to the Committee on the
i Post Office and I'o-t Roads.
; By Mr RISLEY • The petition of John G. Hinkley and
] 8!) other citizens of Chautauque county, New York, praung
i Congress to arant an appiopnation for the impiovcment of
! Poitland harbor, on Lake Etie. Referred to the Committee
1 on Commerce.
j Also, the petition of Walter L. Sessions, and other citt-
j zens of Chautauque count}, New Fork, pr.iyin" Congress to
, establish a post route fiom Mayvifle, in said county, south
t by the way of Panama arid Lottville, to Laporte, in Warren
county, Pennsylvania. Refened to the Committee on the
; Post Ofnce and Post Roadv
j By Mi. IlOf,T.[DAY: The petition of William Jennings,
a volunteer m tile Mexican war, praying for a pension °
Also, the petition of sundry eit.z.ns of Prertci ickshur ,
in Virginia, praying for a lcduction of postage on pieuaid
letters. ® 1 F I
Also, the memorial of Carter Pagis, executor, asking for
commutation pay, &c. *
By Mr. WELLBORN: The petition of William D. Elam,
John M. Glaze, and others, praying the establishment of a
tri-weekly mail line from Oglethorpe, or Traveller's Rest,
to Columbus, m the State of^Georgia, by way of Hamburg,
Pond Town, Fyeam, Pea Ridge, Glenalta, and Halloca.
Refeired to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. LA SERE : The memorial of James B. Moore &
Co., asking the aid of Government in the establishment of a
regular line of mail steamers fiom California to China and
the East Indies. Referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
f^ir*.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of Isaac W. Ruggleg
and others, citizens ot Ashland county, Michigan, for aCon-
gi ess of Nations or some other method of preserving the
peace of the world.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of citizens of Buffalo,
pra>ing for the light of navigating the St. Lawrence river
to the shipping of the Lakes. Referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affair®. .
By Mr. MILLSON : The petition of Wm Shepherd an.d
35 others, citizens of Nansemond county, Virginia, praying
the reduction of postage to two cents on all prepaid letter*.
Refeired to the Committee on the Post Othce and Post
Road*.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of James Jones and 40
others, citizens of Pike county, Ohio, praying Congress to
establish the rales of postage on prepaid letters at two cents
per halt ounce. Referred to the Committee on the Fost
Office and Post Road-.
By Mi. LITTLEFIELD: The petition of Gesrhom Man-
clie.-ier, of Windham, Maine, a revolutionary soldier, yi)
vears old, ptajing fot an aHeiaUun of the pension laws.
Re/Vrred to tne Committee on Revolutionary Claim?.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition oi Tsaac Lewis and 103
othcis, in fcivoi ot cheap postage. Referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Po-t Roads.
B> Mr. JULIAN : The petition of James Jones, of the
city ot Richmond, Indiana, praying to he relieved fioiu
losses su-trimed b> the purchase ot eert.un propei ty in said
city, fraudulently sold by Daniel Kelso, as an agent of the
United States. Referred to the Committee on Claims.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The memorial and papers of
i Juliana Watts and Juliana W. Campbell, heirs at law of
General Henry Miller, pia>ing Congress to grant them com-
pensation foi the militaiy services of the said General Mil-
ler dunng the Revolutionary War. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the memorial ot General Willis Foulke, of Carlisle,
Pennsylvania, prajmg for au invalid pension for semces
lendered in the u ar o! 1812. as captain m the 23d Regiment
of Infantry, United States Army. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Jnvfilid Pensions.
By Mi. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
Henry Alexander, and 11)5 othei citizens ofClauon and
Armstrong counties, Pennsylvania, for a mail route fiom
the Clanon and Pittsburg route to Shippenville, Pennsyl-
vania, a distance of 21 miles. Refened to the Committee
on the pos>t Office and Post Road«.
Also, a petition signed by C. Myers, of Clarion county,
Pennsylvania, and 25 other citizens, for a change inthe ex-
isting tariff laws. Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Also, a petition signed F. G. Crary, of Clarion county,
Pennsylvania, and 103 other citizens of the same county, of
similar import to the above. Referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Joseph Cook, and 19
others, citizens of Pike county, Ohio, setting forth that, in
their opinion, the soldier* of the war of 1813, and those of
the several Indian wars prior to that nine, arc predmmrntly
entitled to the same measure of reward accorded to thos«
who scived m the war with Mexico, and pia>mg Congre>s
lor bounty lands. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut. The memorial of E 
D. Kinneaand others, piayiug a reduction ot postage. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Fo-t Roads.
By Mr. CHANDLRR: The petition of Edward Neiales,
and other inhabitants of Philadelphia, asking for a reduc-
tion of postage on prepaid letters. Referied to the Com-
mittee on the Po^t Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mi. SPALDING,
Ordered, That the petition of the Common Council of
Buflalo, and other papers lelatmg to the improvement of
Buffalo Haii.or, be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Commeice.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 4, 1850.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of citizens of '
Newark, New Jersey, numerously signed, asking
additional mail facilities between New York and
California; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Easton, in the State of Pennsylvania, in favor of
cheap postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pontiac, in
Michigan, in favor of the settlement of national
disputes by arbitration; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Binghampton, and other places, in the
State of New York, asking that the postage on
all prepaid letters may be reduced to two cents
per half ounce; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Abo, from citizens of Rochester, in the State of
New York, in favor of cheap postage; which was
