1376
THE, .CONGRESSIONAL ■, GLOBE.
July 15.
of the United States; and having; performed that
duty, and returned to their Chamber,*
Oil motion, the Senate adjourned.
\ \ IN SENATE.
Monday, July 15, 1850.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted additional docu-
ments in relation to the claim of A. H. Evans and
others; referred to Committee on Public Lands:
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
H. B. Babcock, asking that the Secretary of the
Navy may be authorized to purchase the right' to
manufacture for naval purposes an anti-friction
metallic compound; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COOPER, presented the proceedings of a
meeting held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in
favor of the plan recommended by the Select Com-
mittee of Thirteen for the adjustment of the slavery
question.
In presenting this paper, Mr. C. said he was in-
structed to say, that although the meeting was held
at a season of the year at which there were very
many usually absent from the city, and at a season
exceedingly sultry—so much as to render it almost
intolerable, being held at the Chinese Museum—
nevertheless, it was one of the largest meetings
that had assembled in Philadelphia for political
purposes for several years past. It was a meeting
composed of all classes of the community—pro-
fessional men, merchants, mechanics, and laborers
—who assembled to express their attachment to
the Union, and their hope that a speedy adjust-
ment, on honorable principles, and satisfactory to
both sectionsof the Union, might be made. They
expressed their views upon this subject iti reso-
lutions which he held in his hand; but as they
were somewhat lengthy, he would not detain the
Senate with the reading of them. He would state
that a portion of the resolutions expressed the
thanks of the citizens of Philadelphia to the distin-
guished Senators from Kentucky and Massachu-
setts for the part they had borne in reference to
this matter. They stated, that although it was
a Whig meeting, due credit was given to those of
their political opponents who had come forward
in the same spirif to sustain the Union, and secure
its peace and harmony.
The resolutions were then ordered to lie on the
table.
* The following order was observed in the burial of the
late President of the United States:
The Military portion of the Funeral Procession of Saturday
is worthy of a special notice. It wa< anticipated that many
volunteer companies, and indeed militaiy men generally,
would he anxious to attend the obsequies of the illustrious
Chieftain and President of the Republic; and this anticipa-
tion was fully realized. Baltunoie contributeft largely and
patriotically to the military display, than which we never
witnessed a more imposing one in this city. The whole
was under the command of the distinguished General in-
Chief of the United States Army, whose manly form and
martial bearing, mounted as he was on a noble charger, and
euriounded by a numerous staff, attracted all eyes, as the
funeral cortege moved solemnly from the Picsidential Man-
eian to Congress Burying Ground. From a favorable and
commanding position that we occupied, at the corner of one
of the cross "streets, we noticed the troops maichmgin slow
fime, in the following oid<-i :
P,ttap-*co Riflemen, of Baltimore, Captain Swain, prece-
ded by their Band.
.Independent Greys' Rand, of Baltimore.
Light Infantry, from Wilmington, iJelawar«.
German Yeagers, of Baltimore, Captain Pracht.
Maryland Cidets, of Baltimore, Captain Poor.
National Blues, of Baltimore, Captain Chesnut.
Tayloi Light Infantry, trom Catonsvi:le, Maryland, under
the command of Lieutenant Brown, of the Independent
Grey?, Baltimore. This inteie tmg corps consisted of two
companies of youths, who are being educated at St, Timo-
thy Hill Their uniform was handsome and they were well
drilled.
German Washington Guards, of Baltimore, Captain Hoff-
man.
National Greys, of Washington, Captain Bacov.
Independent Greys, of Baltimore, Captain Hall.
A platoon of commissioned officers representing volunteer
companies of the fiftv thud regiment of Baltimore.
A portion of the patriotic volunteer Defenders of Baltimore
in tlieyear 1814, with their banner Amongst them wo rec-
ognized General Anthony Miltenbero^r, Joseph K.
STAPLfcxov,and Wm. P. Mills, E*qs.
Fir^t Baltimore Sharp Shooters, of Baltimore, Captain
Lilly.
Jackson Guards, of Baltimore.
Independent Blues, of Baltimore, Captain Shutt.
independent Greys, of Georgetown, Captain Goddard.
National Guard*, of Philadelphia, Captain Lylb
M'Mint Vernon Guards, of Alexandra, Captain Fields.
Iticumond (Va.) iiiuts, Lieutenant Regnault, accom-
panied by their Band.
Worth Infantry, of York, Pennsylvania.
Bogie Artillery, of Baltimore, Captain Phillips.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted documents relating
to the claim of Irani Capers for a pension; which
were referred-to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial of Jordan L. Mott, in behalf of the in-
ventors of the United States, asking the enactment
of a law to provide greater security and protection
to the rights of patentees.
In presenting this memorial, Mr. D. took occa-
sion to observe that the memorial set forth some
new views in relation to.the patent laws, and a bill
accompanied the document, said to have been
carefully prepared, with a. view of producing the
required results, to wit: a law that will make in-
ventors plaintiffs in fact, in suits to sustain Uheir
own rights, and. defendants in suits to destroy
them; that the law may define what constitutes an
abandonment; that injunctions may be granted
under certain restrictions, and rules adopted which
shall be general in their character, and apply alike
to every case, as far as it is practicable so to make
them; that they may have a right to extension of
patent, under proper rules guarding the interests
of patentees for an improvement for a period of
fourteen years after the expiration of the first term,
being the term allowed the author for a copyright;
that the laws relative to patents be subject to be
made as liberal as those of some of the despotic
Governments of Europe; and that the laws may be
made so clear and so lucid that all parties interested
may understand them.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office; and the motion
to print was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. GREENE presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Providence, in the State of Rhode Island,
asking an alteration of the tariff.
Mr. G. observed that this was similar in import
to a memorial he had the honor to present on a
preceding day. It sets forth the great depression
in all the industrial pursuits in that section of the
country, and the large amount of capital invested
in manufacturing and mechanical pursuits; and
that unless Congress should interpose, many es-
tablishments that had heretofore given employ-
ment to large numbers of industrious people must
be abandoned. The memorialists state their be-
lief that the system of ad valorem duties presents
such temptations and such facilities for fraud, that
A platoon of nffieerq lepresenting volunteer companies of
the fifth regiment of Baltimore.
Mounted Carbineers, of Baltimore, Captain S. C. Owings.
The Marine Band attached to the Washington Navy Yard.
Two companies of United States Marines, Captain Tan-
sill.
Walker Sharp Shooters, of Warrington, Lieutenant Birk-
hrad.
Washington Light Infantry, of Washington, Captain Tate.
Four companies (C, J3, F, G,) U. S. Artiileiy, acting as
infantry, under the command, respectively, of Capt. Bowen,
Lietenaut Doubbday, Captain Williams, Captain Bran-
nan, and Lieutenant Nichols.
1st Artillery Band, trom Fort Columbus, New Yoik.
One company of U. a*. Flying Aitillery, mounted and fully
equfpped, under the command of Major Sedgwick, from
Fort Mcfctenry, Baltimore.
Officers of the United States Navy, in uniform, on foot.
Maj. Gen. Jones, commanding the Militia of the District
of Columbia, and Staff.
Maj. G«n. Scott, General-in-Chief of the United States
Army, and Staff.
Marshal of the District of Columbia, and his Aids.
Mayors of Washington and Baltimore.
Joint Committee of Arrangements on the part of the two
FIon>es of Cong^ss, as follows :
Gnnmittee of the Senate.
Mr. Webster of Massachusetts, Mr. Cass of Michigan,
and Mr. King of Alabama.
Committee of the House.
Mr. Conrad of Louisiana,
Mr. McDuwpII of Virginia,
Mr. Winthrop of Mass.,
Mr. Bis&ell of Illinois,
Mr. JDuer of New York,
Mr. Orr of South Carolina,
Mr. Rreck ot Kentucky,
Chaplains to Congress and Officiating Clergymen.
The Pail Beareis, as follow:
Mr. Strong of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Vinton of Ohio,
Mr. Cabell of Florida,
Mr. Kerr of Maryland,
Mr. Stanly of N. Carolina,
Mr. Littlefield of Maine.
Hon. Hemy Clay,
Hon. Lewis Cass,
Hon, J M. Berrien,
Hon. II. C. Wmthrop,
Hon. Jas. McDowell,
Hon. Hugh White,
G. W. P. Custis, E>q.,
Chief Justice Craucii,
Major General Jesup,
Commodore Ballard,
Hon. T. H. Benton,
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Hon. Truman Smith,
Hon. Lynn Bnvd,
II m. S. F. Vinton,
Hon. Tsaae E. Holmes,
Hon. R. J. Walker,
Joseph Ga'es, E.-q.,
Major General Gibson,
Buy. Gen. Henderson.
Funeral Car, drawn by eight white horses, each horse at-
tended by a gioom.
General Taylor's horse, " Old Whitey," fully carpari-
soned, attended by a groom.
The Family of the law President in three carriages.
the duties* cannot be fairly and honestly collected.
They ask .that.(he duties be made specific, taking
as the valuation of dutiable articles the average
price-at the time-of the-passage of the tariff of
1846. He asksd^hat-th^-memorial be referred to
the Committee on Finance. x, •
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, suggested that
he more appropnate committee would be that oil
Manufactures,
Mr. GREENE. I have no objection; but the
other memorial was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have a me-
morial similar in import to that just presented by
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island." It' is
signed by citizens of Worcester county, in my
State, and I ask that it may have the same refer-
ence.
The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the committee on the
part of the Senate, to join a similar committee on
the part of the House, to make arrangements for
the funeral of the late President, reported the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
President ot the United States be requested to transmit a
copy of the proceedings of the two Houses on. the 10th in-
stant, m relation to the death of the late President of the
United States, to Mrs. Margaret S. Taylor, arid to assure her
of the profound respect of the two Houses of Congress for
her person and character, and of their sincere condolence
on the late afflicting dispensation of Providence.
On motion by Mr. W., the resolution was then
considered as in Committee of the Whole, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read a
third time, and unanimously passed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill authorizing the transmission of letters and
packets to and from Mrs. Margaret S. Taylor free
of postage.
On motion by W., the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of said bill; and no amendment
having been offered, it was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time, and unanimously passed.
The President of tbe United States.
The Cabinet.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by its Officers.
The House of Representatives, preceded by us Officers. -
The City Councils of Washington.
A representation of the Firemen and of the Temperance
Societies of Washington.
The Band ot the Independent Blues, of Baltimore.
Clerks of the Executive Departments of the Government.
The Mayor and City Councils ot Baltimore, m mourning.
Judges or" Courts, Citizens, Strangers, &c., &c.
It i  not extravagant to state that the Procession was from
one mile and a half to two miles in length. The line occu-
pied three quarters of an hour in pacing before us.
Of the good conduct ot the soldiery who tormed the mili-
tary e=>cort at the luneral, it is unnecessary to speak. The
United States troops, under Captain Brannan^h native of
this city,) Major Sedgwick, Captain Bowen, and Lieuten-
ant Nichols, deported themselves m a soldier-like and he-
coming manner. The same maybe said ot the volunteer
companies and the young Cadets. The Taylor Infantiy,
from Caton^ville, Maryland, for the most part juvenile, be-
haved admirably.
The arrangements made by the Marshal of the District
and the Mayor of the city were adrnuably carried out by tbe
Aids of the former, and the police officers appointed by the
latter. The hue of the Funeral Profession was kept clear
ot carnages and vehiclesof every description, as the cortege
passed along. No accident occurred, that we have heard
ol, during the whole day.
Tne Boards of Aldermen and Common Council of the
City of Bahtmoie, at the head of whom was Mayor sStans-
bury, of that city, attended the Funeral, and did them-
selves much honor by their lull attendance and dignified de-
portment. They unfortunately did not aruve until past one
oVIoek, owing to the bretkmtj of the locomotive, which
caused a delay ot two hours. They were met by a commit-
tee of our City Councils, consisting ot Messrs. French,
Maury, Brunt, and Wheeler, who immediately conduct-
ed the Baltimore authorities to the City Hall, and thence to
the Funeral Procession. The Mayor of Washington and
the Mayor ot Baltimote rodo to the burying gtound in the
same carriage. After the Funeial Ceremonies, the Balti-
more authorities dim-d with the Mayor and Corporate au-
thorities ot this city, at Brown's Hotel, where a handsome
ent^tainment was provided. Although the occasion of the
visit forbade any social festivity, the exchange of mutual
civilities and courte les was .characterized by the kindest
feelings. The Baltimore guests of the Washington Ompo-
ration, amongst whom was the President of the Baltimore
and Washington Railroad Company, the President of the
Baltimore Board of Health, and the President of the Balti-
more Board of Aldermen, returned to their homes in the
extra train-thai started at halt-part seven ©'el&ok.
