282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
Mr. KING. The Senator from Florida has
mistaken me. I did not object to resolutions of
reference, but to the immediate consideration of
resolutions which Senators may present calling for
information, and about which we could know but
little from the mere hearing of them read. I pre-
ferred that the rule should be carried out, and that
they should lie one day at least on the table for
examination. It must be apparent to all that we
have passed many resolutions calling for informa-
tion which can scarcely be obtained during the
session, imposing a vast deal of labor on the De-
partments, requiring extra clerk hire, and involv-
ingjmuch extra expense. It is far better that busi-
ness should come up and be considered in its
regular order; and I do not see why the Senator
* should now object to our going on in this course.
Mr. YULEE. My objection simply was that
this bill does not come up now in the regular order,
and that such order was the consideration of reso-
lutions on the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses this bill to come up in its regular order.
Mr. YULEE. It is not a part of the morning
business, I submit to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the gentleman
make any motion ?
Mr. YULEE. Not if the bill comes up in its
regular order.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not understand this bill,
and I request that it may lie over.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move, Mr. President,
that we take up the resolutions which lie on the
table in their order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideratiou of the regular
order of the day. The unfinished business is the
resolution of the Senator from Michigan in rela-
tion to the suspension of diplomatic intercourse
with Austria.
Mr. POOTE. It is understood that the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] has the floor, and,
without desiring to interfere with that arrange-
ment, with his consent and that of the Senate, I
will at this moment offer an amendment to the re-
solution of the Senator fi-om Michigan, so that it
shall be before the Senate when the Senator from
Georgia shall speak.
The amendment was sent up to the Chair.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Chair allow me to call
attention to the 30th rule:
The special orders of the day shall not bo called by the
Chair lietwe one o'clock, unless otherwise directed by the
Senate."
I maintain that the purpose of that rule was to
enable the ordinal / business of the morning hour
to be transacted.
Mr. DICKINSON. I did not design to call for
the special order, but for the consideration of res-
olutions lying on the table which I supposed would
not elicit debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I beg leave to in-
form the Senator Iron) Florida [Mr. Yulee] that
the motion was put, will the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the order of the day? and the
Senate decided accordingly. The 15th rule is as-
foilows:
" The unfinished business ill which the Senate was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment shall have the pie-
ference in the special orders ot the day."
The resolution of the Senator from Michigan,
not yet adopted, is one of the orders of the day.
Mr. YULliE. That may have been the form
ill which the Chair put the question, but I did not
so understand the object of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Dickinson.] ®
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to pass over the
resolution of the Senator from Michigan,and that
those rfsolutions be taken up, which will not call
for debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to make
an mqtiiiy. The census bill was made the special
ordei for to-day, and am I to understand, by the
decision of to-day, that the lesolution of the Sen-
ator from Michigan supersedes it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the im-
pression of the Chair, under the 15th rule.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I ask the con-
sent of the Senator from Michigan to allow the
census bill to be taken up to-day. I am very far
from wishing to throw obstacles in the way of the
consideration of his resolution, but I hope he will
yield on this occasion.
Mr. CASS. I am anxious that the Senate should
come to a decision on this subject. Yet I have no
objection to gratifying the wish of the Senator
from Massachusetts, except that I understand that
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] wishes
this morning to offer some remarks oft the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator from Georgia will permit the census bill
to be taken up and disposed of. I thought it was
the understanding of the Senate that this measure
should.come up this morning. Such, at least, was
the understanding I had with the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. FOOTE. After the appeal of the Senator
from Massachusetts to me, I feel bound to state
what has occurred on this subject. The other day,
when the Senator from Massachusetts was entitled
to "the floor, the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] was anxious to go on and make his speech,
the one to wiiich we all listened with such great
pleasure the other day, and, on conference with
the Senator from Massachusetts, that Senator very
courteously agreed to give up the advantage which
he possesstd, provided we on this side of the
Chamber would unite in yielding to him the floor
at as early a period as possible. I found all on
this side favorable to the arrangement, and so an-
nounced to the Senator from Massachusetts, in
consequence of wlTich he agreed to the postpone-
ment of this measure; and, for one, I assure him that
I am prepared to carry out the compact. And I ap-
peal to my friends to unite with me in doing so, if
the Senator from Massachusetts desires it; but I
had supposed and hoped that the Senator would
not have lecogmzed the matter as so particularly
urgent as to need pressing this week, as the gen-
tleman from Georgia and others aie desirous of
being heard this morning. However, 1 will stand
by the compact to the full extent of my promise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 regret that
I feel called upon to press the consideration of this
measure against the wishes of the Senator from
Georgia; but it does seem to me that it has been
postponed now beyond what the public exigencies
demand, and I therefore hope that by general con-
sent it will be taken up this morning and disposed
of.
• Mr. BERRIEN. It is a mere question of or-
der, I apprehend, in the course of the proceedings
of the Senate. The private understanding between
gentlemen on either side of the Chamber cannot, I
apprehend, affect that order. The unfinished busi-
ness of the day, when the Senate was last in ses-
sion, is the business fust in order to-day, and that
unfinished business is the resolution introduced
by the Senator from Michigan. 1 am perfectly
willing to acquiesce in the decision of the Senate.
I state merely what 1 regard to be the right, founded
on the established usage of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I only wish
my friend from Georgia to consider that the reso-
lution referred to by him, gets iis precedence by
my giving way, with the understanding that thia
measure should come up to-day. It gets its pref-
erence on the calendar by my consent to give way,
on Wednesday or Thursday, when the matter was
last up. It seems to me that it ought now to be
restored to its proper place on the docket.
Mr. KING. All will perceive that we shall get
through business much more rapidly if we suffer
one matter to be discussed and decided at a time.
When the Senator, thereloie, gave way to take up
another subject, it was with the understanding, I
suppose, that it was to be finally disposed of, and
that we were not to go on and discuss it for a day,
and then lay it aside, and then take up another
matter and discuss it and leave h undecided, until
the calendar became overloaded with unfinished
business. 1 have made no compact, and enteied
into no arrangement of any kind, and never will.
I wish to see the orders of the day taken up reg-
ularly as they arise, and it" we are prepared to act
on them, to go on with their consideration; if not,
to postpone them, and let some other matter come
up, and not, as is proposed now, to postpone it
with a view to take up any other subject. I con- j
sider it of great importance that we should dispose j
of this subject as soon as possible. There are va- !
rious reasons, which 1 will not assign, why it I
should be disposd of, and I trust the Senate will j
go on in regular order, and get a final decision on |
the resolution offered by the Senator from Mich-1
igan. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts make any motion ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I move, if it
is in order to do so, that the orders of the day be
postponed, with a view to take up the census bill.
The motion to postpone the special order was
agreed to.
THE CENSUS OP 1850.
The bill to provide for the taking of the seventh
census of the United States was then taken up as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. BORLAND wished to amend the 20th sec-
tion thereof.
Mr. DAWSON. I propose to amend the 1st
section. I suppose the better plan will be to
amend it as we go on, section by section. I pro-
pose to strike out of the 10th line of the 1st sec-
tion the word "annexed," and insert the words
" the tables prepared by the Census Board." The
law under which this board acts was passed on the
3d of March, 1849. It says that "the Secretary
' of State, the Attorney General, and the Post-
' master General shall constitute and be a board to
' be styled the Census Board. Itshall be theduty
' of said board to prepare and cause to be printed
' such forms and schedules as may be necessary for
' the full enumeration of the inhabitants of the
' United States," going on to specify. The forms
annexed to the bill are not those made out by the
board constituted by this law; and I do not think
myself, from an examination of both, that those
annexed to the bill are as full and comprehensive
as those made out by the Census Board, and which
are in conformity to the law of 1849. The amend-
mentl proposeis to strikeout the word "annexed"
in the 10th line of the 1st section, and to insert in
lieu thereof the words " the tables prepared by
the Census Board."
Mr. BORLAND withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to observe that the
amendment which I propose does not diminish the
requisitions of the annexed forms proposed by the
committee, but is intended to increase the number
of heads, and to make the statistics fuller.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I had intended
to say a word in regard to the proceedings of the
committee before any amendments were proposed,
and I will take this opportunity to do so. Thi3,
as the Senate is aware, is a very complicated sub-
ject. It is true that Congress so far acted on the
matter at the last seasion as to pass a law, which
has been adverted to by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Dawson,] giving direction to the Census
Board to prepare blanks. That board made a
very brief report to the Senate, accompanied by
no blanks, which report is upon your tables, aijd
has been referred to this committee. The com-
mittee took it up, and they have carried the busi-
ness forward with the aid of such information as
has been collected during the vacation between
the last and the present session, and, after a very
laborious effort, they have framed a set of tables,
numbering from one to six inclusive, which are
annexed to the present bill, and have been printed
and been before thejSenate for some days. This
has not been done without care, without reflec-
tion, and without a great deal of consideration of
the subject. They have endeavored to comply, as
far as they could, with what they deemed to be
the spirit of the law of last session, and to make
its provisions in conformity with what they deemed
to be the wish and will of Congress. Their labors
are now under consideration, and the honorable
Senator from Georgia proposes to strike them out
entirely, and to insert the tables which have been
prepared, as I understand it, by the board ap-
pointed to make tables on this subject. I ask my
| friend from Georgia m what these'tables, which he
I calls the tables prepared by that board, differ from
! the tables prepared by the Senate's committee?
j And, if he has the official tables furnished by that
[ board, I take leave to ask him, and I do it with all
j respect and deference, where he obtained them?
Mr. DAWSON. From the Secretary of the
Board of Census.
Mr. DAVIS. Will you be good enough to lay
them before u"s, and state wherein they differ?
Mr. DAWSON. Tfiere is some difference in
the arrangement of the various heads of business.
Mr.^DAVJS. I must say, because truth de-
mands it, that no tables were laid before this com-
mittee from the Census Board. There were tables
