1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
laid before us when we met, which the secretary of
the board presented as coming from the census
board, but 1 take it they are not the tables laid be-
fore the Senator from Georgia. *
Mr. DAWSON, (in his seat.) They are very
similar.
Mr. DAVIS. But they are quite a different set
from those which were laid before the Senate. We
took those tables which the census board disclaim,
which they do not recognize as their tables, but
which were framed, as the secretary says, on in-
formation furnished by himself, but adopted by
the board. The board disclaimed this fact, and
therefore we had no table before the committee
which was presented by the board at all. Under
these circumstances the committee proceeded to
discharge the difty imposed on them by the Sen-
ate m good faith; and they took such material as
they had, and out of that material, and according
to their ownjudgment, they framed tables which
are now in print upon the tables of the Senate.
Sir, 1 never heard of any official tables until after
the report of the committee was made, and this bill
and the tables accompanying it were printed. After
that, I did hear, and 1 was informed Irom a source
upon which I placed reliance, that a set of tables
were prepared by the board. And v.hile I say
this I do not mean to undervalue the services of
the board or the secretary, or anybody else. I am
but stating the facts as they exist.
Now I have compared these tables—called offi-
cial tables—with those prepared by the Senate's
committee, and 1 say to the Senator from Georgia,
and to the Senate, and I think the committee will
bear me out in it, that there is no very essential
variation between the two tables. There is a va-
riation m some things. There is a different order
and a different arrangement, and some things are.
pr«vided for of not very great consideiation in the
official tables, as they are called, that are not pto-
vided for, perhaps, 111 the tables of the committee;
but i believe that everything that is considered es-
sential is provided for m the tables of the commit-
tee; and provided for by an arrangement, in my
judgment, altogether superior to those now pro-
posed by the Senator from Georgia. St required a
great deal of labor to condense these tables, and to
bring them into shape so as to secure the informa-
tion sought to be obtained in an accurate way.
The committee have labored and have arranged
and re-arranged these tables, until they believe
they are m as good a condition, and m a form as
well adapted to obtain the information which is
sought for, as they are able to put them into, in
the exercise of their judgment and understanding on
the subject.
This motion was entirely unexpected by the
committee; and, as it seemed to demand an ex-
planation, I have made it, and leave it to the Senate
to judge between the two sets of tables, if they
shall think it worth their while to go into that ex-
amination. I believe that, so far as regards the
table of white population, there is no essential
difference between them. So far as regards the
table relating to the slave population, theie is no
difference of any consequence. So far as regards the
table in relation to manufactures and the products
of industry, there is no essential difference between
the tables. So far as regards the agricultural table,
there is a slight -difference, and we found it indis-
pensable to make a difference in a very gieat and
mater lal point. It is necessary to their economical
arrangement that these tables should be printed on
paper ot a given size, and we found it necessary
to reduce that table somewhat lor this leason. Hut
we transferred all the elements ot this reduction
into what is called the sixth table, ot social statis-
tics Nearly the whole and the only substantial
change made in the table, after looking the system
through, is that m certain products the value shall
be taken, instead of the whole amount piouuced.
When the committee looked through it, and saw
the labors imposed on the persons who are to be
sent out to take this information, they perceived
that it was indispensable to keep an eye on the
matter, or such a mass of duties would be accu-
mulated on them as, to a certain extent, to defeat
the obiect in view. It must not be made too labo-
rious and complex for those who are to take tne
enumeiauon; and that point was kept steadily in
view by the committee; and, in considering the
tables, they had reference to that fact, m older that
the duties of the persons taking the enumeiauon
and statistics might be "plain and easy, and the
forms macfe so as to be understood by any person
of common sagacity. We think we have made a
good arrangement m that particular. It has not
been done without a great deal of labor and con-
sideration having been spent upon it by the com-
mittee. It is the result of their best efforts. All
worked upon it, without exception, and, I believe,
all are satisfied with the tables; and 1 see no good
reason, after they have made their leport, why a
set of tables we have never seen till to-day, should
now be brought in to supplant them, more espe-
cially when the tables of the committee are supe-
rior to those thus presented.
Mr. DAWSON. It is stated by the chairman
of the committee that there is very little differ-
ence between the tables that have been prepared
by the Board of Census and those prepared by the
committee. Now, 1 will state to tne Senate a fact
in relation to this matter. The Board of Census,
constituted under the act of last session, have dis-
charged the duties imposed upon them. They
have entered into a contract and have expended
about nine thousand out of the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars that was appropriated for the pur-
chase of paper and the printing of forms, m order
to be ready, as soon as the bill was passed, to
enter upon the work of taking the census. 1 un-
derstand that the paper has been purchased in
Philadelphia, and has arrived, or is expected to
arrrve here to-day, to be used according to the
plan proposed by the Board of Census; and a
change of the forms adopted by the board will
render it impossible to use the paper that has thus
been purchased.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the
Senator from Georgia allow me to ask him
whether there has oeen any printing done !
Mr. DAWSON. I undeisiand tnere has.
Mr. DAVIS. Have the tables been stereo-
typed ?
Mr. DAWSON. I understand that they are
already stereotyped.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 understand from an officer
of the Board of Census that such is the case.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator must have been
misinformed.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, whether there has been
any printing done or not, one thing is certain, that
the pajiei must necessarily coirespond with the
stereotyped plate; and it is certain also that nine
thousand dollars have been expended in the pur-
chase of paper, which, i understand, will arrive
to-day; and that paper is made to correspond with
tke tables, jlf this be not the case, the better plan
will be to move that the committee rise, or else
postpone the further consideration of the subject
for a day or two, m order that we may be more
thoroughly informed with regard to it. The Presi-
dent in his message commumcated to Congress
the fact that the Board ot Census had discharged
their duty, and had directed the necessary papers
to be piepared and sent out to the marshals in the
different parls ot the Union.
1 propose, sir, that the further consideration of
the subject be postponed, in older that we may be
better informed in relation to it. 1 will remark
that 1 have derrved my information from the
Board ot Census. That luloiiuation may be i
correct, however; if so, 1 shall be happy to be set
light with regaid to it.
Mr. MAIN GUM. In view of these conflicting
opinions and conflicting statements, sir, 1 am 01
opin.on that we should not adopt hastily a plan or
set ot forms that will occasion tne throwing away
of seveial thousand dollars. As to-day has been
appropriated to unfinished business, upon which
my lriend irom Geoigia |iYir. Bekku.nJ proposes
to address the Senate—who ought in all countsy
to be heaid—i move that the Dili he upon the taole
lor the picsent.
Mi. ISJrllliLDS. Will the Senator from North
Carolina wnhuiaw that motion for a moment.'
Mi. iWAlNGUM. Certarnly.
Mr. bHiKLDS. i shall not enter into a discus-
sion oi this question, Mr. Presiuent. 1 simply
wish lo bear testimony to the tiuth of the state-
ment made by the chairman of the committee, of
which 1 have the honor to be a memuer. it the
Board of Census has mcuried the expendituie
winch the Senator lioni Geoigia says tiiey Have
liicuiied, i cannot but trunk it a veiy censurable
proceeding ; for there has been nothing exhibited
to us which is sufficient, in my opinion, to justify
such an expenditure. So far as I am acquainted
with the matter, I fully concur in the views ex-
pressed by the chairman of the committee. My
own health was not such as to permit my regular
and constant participation in the labors of the com-
mittee. But that gentleman labored day and night
in obtaining information upon the subject of the
census; and he has discharged his duty m such a
way as to entitle him to the respect of the residue
of the committee, as well as of the entire Senate.
There has been no information furnished by the
Census Board that was instituted by law during
the last session; or, if there was any information
of any value procured by that board, I am entire-
ly ignorant ot it. They kept it to themselves, un-
less they furnished the gentleman from Georgia
with it.
Sir, in the absence of that information, the
chairman of the committee, as well as every mem-
ber of the committee—and there were members
from the North and South, the East and V/est,
from slave States and from free States, upon the
committee—labored day and night in procuring in-
formation—which they did not possess themselves
—from other gentlemen acquainted with the sub-
ject, and they have succeeded in constructing the
bill which is now before the Senate for discussion.
All I can say, sir, is this, that if the Board of
Census has expended nine thousand dollars in
preparing tables and purchasing paper, I think
that fact should have been divulged to us while
we were acting under the instructions of this body,
and not furnished to the Senator from Georgia, to
be brought in at this stage of the proceedings, to
create opposition to this bill, and thus to defeat the
labors of the committee. It is true, some tables
were furnished to the committee, but those tables
no member of the committee thought sufficiently
matured to bring befoie the Senate.
1 merely rose, sir1, for the purpose of bearing
testimony to the correctness of the statement of
the chairman of the commrttee, who is, in my
opinion, entitled to great credit for the labor which
he has bestowed upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the Senate
will bear with me for a moment, I will state that
1 am unable to speak with certainty as to whether
i the paper alluded to has been purchased or not. X
j take u for granted, however, that some paper has
; been purchased. But, let me say to you, Mr.
j President, and to the Senate, that the facts in re-
gard to this matter should not be misrepresented.
My worthy friend from Georgia says—what i,o
doubt he believes—that if -the tables prepared by
the Board of Census are not used, there will be a
sacrifice or loss of some eight or nine thousand
dollars. Whether that amount of paper has
been purchased or not, 1 am unable to say. But,
let me say to you, sir, and in the hearing of those
who made this statement to the honorable Senator,
ih&t these tables have been prepared by the com-
mittee with a studious reference to the size of the
paper, m order that it may be suitable for the
purpose for which it is intended, and a studious
reference to having the tables prepared for paper
of the size of that which it is said has been pur-
chased. Now, sir, in view of this fact, if i do not
misapprehend the subject altogether, there will be
no pecuniary loss incurred from purchasing this
| paper, for it may be used in the punting of the
forms proposed by the committee. I know my
friend from Georgia believes what he states, but I
think he is entirely rnrstaken m his view of the
matter, and that there is no difference, m a pecu-
| niary point of view, whether we print the tables
!| prepared by the Census Board or those which
[j have been leported by the committee, ar.d now
^efore the Senate. They are both adapted to the
|! srze of paper that is said to have been purchased;
so that the work will go on in the same manner,
whether we use the one set of tables or the other.
Mr. HUNTER, i would inquireof the honor-
able Senator from Georgia whether there was any
authotity vested in the Census Board by the act of
last session to have this work executed ?
Mr. CLAY, (m his seat.) Certainly there was.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly; i will read the law:
AN ACT to make arrangements lor taking the 7th Census.
Be it enacted, 4'c* That the Secretary of State, the Auoi-
nev General, arid the Postmaster Geneial ahull consume
and be a board, lo be styled the Census Board ; that it shall
l e the duty of the said board to piejiare and eau^e to be
printed such forms and schedules as may be noc^sary tor
the lull enumeration ot the inhabitants ol the United Stutea;
aud uho proper form& und schedules for collecting, in stun*-
