THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. R I VrES.—TEIIM S
FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 18, 1850.
New Series.... No. 87.
Mr. CASS, from the same committee, reported
the following:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, under the direction of the
Committee of Arrangements, cause to be punted 10 000
copies for the u«e of the Senate, and 20,000 copies for the
use of the House, of a pamphlet containing the proceedings
and remarks in both Houses of Congress on the lamented
deam o( Zachary Taylor, iate President of the United
btates, together with the funeral arrangements, and the dis-
course of the Sev. Dr. Tyne, on that solemn and impressive
occasion. r
OulereJ, That the above order be communrcated to the
House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. C., the Senate proceeded to
consider the same; and no amendment having been
pioposed, it was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read a third time, and unani-
mously passed.
Mr. DOUG-LAS, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill enabling the
Legislative Assembly- of Minnesota and Oregon
Territory to prolong their next annual session to a
period of ninety days, reported the same to the
Senate.
On motion by Mr. D., the Senate proceeded to
consider said bill as in Committee of the Whole;
and no amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read a third time, and
passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which lies over, under the rule:
Resolt'&li That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of allowing to John
4. Brown the pvty of charge d' affaires for the time he dis-
caaiged the duties of that station at Constantinople.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be in-
strmteil to inquire into Hie expediency of preventing the
fttrlher election ot the tiriek sti ucture nowbcin- ereclea on
the grounds west of tile Capitol \arsi, eau.,1112 what has
already been placed there to be removed.
Mr. H. said: I hold m my hand, Mr. President,
a resolution which i propose to offer; and as it re-
lates to something about the public grounds, I ask j
the indulgence of the Senate while I slate what it
is, and ask every Senator to give it his attention '
between now and to-morrow morriin°-, when 1
propose to call it up to have it passed." it relates
to what 1 consider a great piece of vandalism on
the public grounds. Some brick structures are
going up on the only handsome square we have,
lying Oil the west end of the Capitol. Some stran-
gers, upon viewing these structures the other day,
inquired if the Government was going to raise
poultiy, as they seemed to be putting up hen-coops
on the public grounds. I think, sir, that what we
have left of the public grounds ought to be pre-
served, and that the beauty of them should not be
marred by such structures as these. 1
Mr. HUiNTER was proceeding to make some
remarks on the resolution; when !
The PRESIDENT stated that the resolution
was not now under consideration, but would come
up for consideration to-morrow.
Mr. SEBAbTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to°
RenhieJ, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inqime into the expediency
ot eMalihshini: a post route from Danville, Yell county,
Arkansas, to Fmt Smith, in said State, bv way or Spring-
held, Revillee, and Charlestown, and t<> complete the route
from Little Rock to Smith, on tile south side of the Arkan-
sas river.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Rewired, That the Commiltee on the Po.-t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inqune into Ihe expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Fairfield, via Richland, to Lancas-
ter in Iowa.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over:
Ueiohed, That the Committee on Public Lands be di-
rected to report hack to the Senate bill No. 85, on oi bel'oie
the 18th instant.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would em-
brace the first favorable opportunity to ask leave
to introduce a bill granting the right of way and
87
making a grant of land to the State of Indiana,
in aid of the construction of a railroad across said
State, from its eastern to its western boundary.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, gave notice of
his intention to introduce a bill amendatory of
laws heretofore passed for the safety of the lives
of passengers on board steamers.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE TO MRS. TAYLOR.
A message was received from the House of Ren-
resentatives, announcing the passage by that body
! of a bill granting the franking privilege to Mrs.
Margaret Taylor.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of said bill; and, no amendment having;
been offered, it was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 69—being the
bill to amend an act entitled "An act for the bet-
ter regulation of the district courts of the United
States within the State of Louisiana," approved
3d March, 1849.
Mr. DOWNS. ^ T move to amend the bill by
adding, as an additional section, the following:
Sec- 3. And be it farther cnacted, That the pan*h of
Bienville shall form a part of the western district of Louisi-
ana, and be one of the ptrMirs for which a eouit to be
held at Shreveport; and that the parish of Caldwell sh;ill be
one of the parches for which a court w to be held at Mon-
roe ; and that this act shall lake effect from and after its
passage.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
WILLIAM B. CREWS.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the House bill for the relief of
William B. Crews; and, no amendment being
offered, it was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
COURTS IN ILLINOIS.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 14—being the bill
providing for an additional term of the United
States circuit and district courts at Chicago, in the
State of Illinois; when, no amendment having been
offered, the bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
CLAIM OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. T would call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a resolution that I introduced
some time ago, in relation to a claim of the State
of Virginia for moneys advanced by her to the
General Government for the erection of the Capi-
tol and other public buildings in this District. It
was a resolution submitted by me to refund to the
State of Virginia $120,000 advanced by her to aid
in the erection of such buildings.
The PRESIDENT. The correct course is to
take up resolutions, and dispose of them in their
regular order. The Chair will in future take up
resolutions in their regular order, after the morn-
ing business is over, and before it is time for the
order of the day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am willing that should
be done now; for this resolution is near the first.
The PRESIDENT. This resolution lies upon
the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move it be taken
up, if for nothing more than to put it in its regular
order.
The motion to take up being agreed to, the res-
olution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
report a bill pioviriin* for the payment to th« president ami
directors of the Orange and Alexandria Rntlinad Company
of one hundred and twenty thou  >nd dollar-,, but without
interest,tn full of that sun; advanced by the Commonwealth
of Virginia to the us-e of the United State*, to aid in the
erection ot public buildings in the District ot Columbia.
Mr. U. said; 1 will make a biief statement to
the Senate, and request that they will by to-mor-
row morning consider the report that has already
been made; and on to-morrow or some subsequen*
morning 1 will ask for the speedy action of the
Senate upon the subject of this report. All the
facts have been set out at large in that report.
They are very briefly these; In the origin of the
Government it appears that there was considerable
struggle between various parts of the Union to
have the seat of the General Government located
as near their capital as could be. There was an
attempt to have it located wpon the Delaware; Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey were interested in that.
Maryland and Virginia wanted it brought as far
south as they could secure it; and Virginia pro-
posed to make certain advances if they would
locate it at Petersburg, then her capital. Subse-
quent to that time she made propositions to ad-
vance money, and asked the cooperation of Mary-
land, provided the seat of Government should be
located upon the Potomac, and it was ultimately
located upon the Potomac, at this place. The
government of Virginia advanced to the United
States $120,000 for the erection of public buildings.
Recently the $120,000 thus advanced has been
transferred by the Legislature of Virginia to the
Orange and Aiexandia Railroad Company, and
that company has made application to Congress
to refund the money. I am for refunding it, and
propose to do so upon thi* ground alone. 1 think
the Government of the United States received it
as a donation. I think that is the result of the
legislation of Congress upon the subject. But the
Legislature of Virginia considers it as a loan, and
I according to the language of (he acts of the Legis-
lature of Virginia under which this money was
advanced, there is great foundation for the infer-
ence that she was justified in considering it as a
loan to be refunded. Now, the ground upon which
I am willing to refund the money is simply this:
Virginia regarded it as a loan. Congress regarded
it as a gift. But I am not willing, when the Gov-
ernment is now rich, overflowing with money, to
take from the Legislature of Vngmia and pocket
$120,000, which she did not regard as a donation
at the time. I think that we ought to return it,
she considering it as a loan. But I am for return-
ing it without interest, because it has not been de-
manded till now. We, by returning it now, show
our responsibility to the demand of Virginia as
soon as it is made; and I think it is but magnan-
imous and just upon the part of this Government
to return this $120,000, under these circumstances,
to her assignees, the railroad company. 1 make
this brief statement, hoping that the members of
the Senate will look into the facts. The committee
instructed me to set out the facts, and call the at-
tention of the Senate to the same. I bring the
subject before the Senate by this resolution, and
request the members of the Senate to look into the
report, where they will find ail the facts; and I
propose on to-moriow, or some subsequent day,
to call it up, and see whether they will not adopt
the resolution.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope this thing will
take precisely the reverse order indicated by the
Senator from Kentucky. It seems to me to be a
singular mode of proceeding for the Senate to in-
struct a committee upon such a matter as this. I
think it is beginning at the wrong end.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me.
I presume the Senator from New York is not
aware that this subject has already been before the
Committee of Claims, and the committee have re-
ported upon it. If the Senator was aware of that
fact 
Mr. DICKINSON. I was aware it had been
before the committee. Why, then, should they
ask the Senate to instiuct them to report, when
they have already reported upon the matter?
Mr. MASON. The facis are these : The me-
morial presented by the railroad company of Vir-
ginia was referred to trie Committee ot Claims, and
that committee made the repoit which I hoid in
my hand, in which they report ail the facts con-
nected with that claim, but thfey have declined re-
