1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
porting the opinion of the committee whether the
claim should or should not be paid. I understand
that the Senator from Kentucky, a member of the
committee, on his own motion, satisfied that un-
der the facts the claim should be paid, has asked
the Senate, in consideration of these facts, to have
action upon it, and instruct the committee to re-
port a bill. That is all the motion.
Mr. DICKINSON- I understood the matter be-
fore, although I thank the Senator for his explana-
tion. My objection yet continues, and is this :
the'committee have brought in a kind of special
verdict, and ask us to pass judgment upon it. if
the committee doubted the piopriety of bringing in
a bill, they could have brought in a bill without
expressing any opinion upon it, in order to enable
the Senate to act. If any member of that com-
mittee desires to bring this subject before the Sen-
ate for consideration, he can bring in a bill for that
purpose. What I object to is this : it is to get
the opinion of the Senate, and in effect—though 1
believe that is not the design—to commit the Sen-
ate to the passage of a bill, by the simple process
of introducing a resolution during the morning
hour, when it is too often the case—I will not say
always the case—that no one pays any attention
to the matter but the one who introduces it. Sup-
pose the resolution is passed : then i do not see
why the Senate is not committed to it. They have
instructed the committee to report a bill, and that
is equivalent to the passage of the bill.
It Now, I prefer that it should come in in the form
of a bill—come up in order—have the three sev-
eral readings that a bill gets, and not come m the
shape of a simple resolution, to come up in the
morning hour, without ordinary consideration.
That is my opinion. If they will do so—and that
would, 1 suppose, defeat the object oi the Senator
from Kentucky—if they will send it back to the
committee, to have them inquire into the expe-
diency of it, I should have no objection to a reso-
lution in that form. But I object to this mode of
legislation, by which we declare first and examine
afterwards-.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. A very few remarks.
Our committees are composed of odd numbers.
But suppose that, from the inattention of some
member of the committee, it should be equally
divided and unable to report, what is to be done?
"Why, report a special verdict, and ask the opinion
of the Senate upon it. That is what the commit-
tee have done in this instance. I do not say that
the committee were equally divided; but they de-
termined to report the facts, and you will find that
the report winds up with asking the Senate to give
them instructions upon these facta, i admit that
it will operate precisely as the Senator from New
York says, and that was what was intended; not
to take the Senate by surprise when no one was
attending to the matter—for I have avoided that
already by stating the facts, and asking the Senate
to noiice the report. You thereby get clear of that
portion of the objection of the Senator from New
York. I am somewhat indifferent how the Senate
act upon this subject. If it be to instruct the com-
mittee to bring in a bill, 1 would give them notice
to submit a bill on some subsequent morning.
But then it would be useless to let it go through
all the forms of a resolution, when you have all
the facts before you in a report. But any way,
to get at it. it seems to me that we could act upon
a resolution with the facts, just as well us upon a
bill. W hen the bill is brought up, we will pass it
or reject it.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Ken-
tuckey has, to be sure, brought this matter before
the Senate with all that fairness which character-
izes his parliamentary course. But, although the
Senator has called attention to this resolution, and
indicated that he will take occasion to call it up at
a subsequent day, it does not obviate the difficulty
■which lies in the way, nor does it produce suffi-
cient argument in my mind to do away with a
parliamentary rule. But it has been suggested to
me by a friend, and an experienced Senator, that
if the committee find their hands tied by being
equally divided, unable to act, they can ask leave
of the Senate to bring in a bill for the purpose of
its action. The Senator himself seems to sug-
gest the same course, and 1 hope that he will
adopt it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will conform to the
suggestion of the Senator from New York, and
now give notice that on to-morrow, or some sub-
sequent day, I will ask leave to introduce a bill
for such a purpose.
The PRESIDENT. What qourse does the
Senator propose for the resolution now under
consideration ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that it be laid
upon the table.
The question being taken upon the motion to
lay upon the table, it was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the biil for the admis-
sion of California as a State into the Union, to es-
tablish Territorial Governments forUtah and New
Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
settlement of her western and northern boundaries.
Mr. BUTLER, having the floor, resumed and
concluded his remarks commenced on Tuesday
last. [The speech will be found m the Appendix.]
Mr. CLAY rose, after a brief pause, and said:
Mr. President, if there is no other gentleman dis-
posed to speak, 1 hope we shall take up the amend-
ments and act upon them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
amendment before the Senate. Severai amend-
ments have been laid upon the table, but there have
been none offered.
Mr. CLAY Then the question will be on re-
porting the bill to the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON. I have an amendment which
I propose to offer at the proper time. If this be
the proper time, I offer it now.
The amendment proposes to strike out of the
fourth clause of section 39, after tne woids " the
United States, in consideration of the three pre-
ceding articles," the words:
" And considering that to a portion of the creditors of
Texas were pledged the duties on loreign imports receivable
in her ports, a-s a security tor the reimbursement ol the
loans and advances winch they made to the said State, and
thfir the s>md duties, since the annexation of the said State
to the United Suites, nave been received and aie re. eivable
by them."
So that the clause, if the amendment be agreed
to, will stand thus:
" Fouith. The United States, in consideration of the three
preceding articles w'll l):iV lo the State of Texas the sum
of dnhais, in a block bearing five percent, interest,
payable half j early at the Trea-uivof the United States,
the pnneipai to he lodeemable at the end of fourteen year* j
which said block shall he—"
The amendment proposes to strike out the con-
tinuation of the section:
" First applied to the extinction of any debt for which the
duties on imports- were pledged as aforesaid, arid the residue
theieul in such manner as the said State ma> direct."
And insert the following:
"Applied to the payment and extinction of the public
debt ot said State in the vv.iole or pro rata: ProvidedT That,
Upon payment by the United State." ot the sum a ores-awl, in
manner aforesaid, ih ■ State o> Texas shall release and
tran-fer to the United States all her right, title, and interest
m and to ilie vacant and unapptopriated lands lying within
her limits."
And leaving undisturbed the following proviso:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained is to be con-
strued to nnptv or admit the liability of the United States
lor any portion of the public debt ot Texas,"
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to lay the bill and
the amendment upon the table.
On this question the yeas and nays were called
I for and ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I would ask the Senator from
Alabama to withdraw his motion for the present.
I have a great duty before me, which I cannot per-
form under such a motion as this; and, indeed, I
suppose that the purpose of the Senator from Ala-
bama would be answered if his motion were made
after we have disposed of all amendments that
maybe offered, and the question shall recur upon
the engrossment of the bill. I make this, sugges-
tion to the Senator, and I hope he will postpone
his motion to the period which I have indicated.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have no objection to yield
to the suggestion of the Senator fiom Kentucky,
but I will observe that J, and others also in the
same position, are now ready to vote upon this
bill.
The motion to lay upon the table was aecord-
ingly withdrawn, and the motion recurred upon
the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I wish the amend-
ment to be stated in the parliamentary mode,
which nobody understands better than yourself—
that is, 1 desire the reading of the clause which is
proposed to be stricken out; the reading of the
clause proposed to be inserted; and the reading of
the clause as it will be if the amendment should
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
about to state the question as indicated by the
Senator from Kentucky.
The Chair then gave the purport and cffect of
the amendment as hereinbefore stated.
Mr. DAYTON. The general purport of my
amendment is, to leave the section in a condition
which will make us pay to Texas blank millions
of money, upon the conveyance to us of her va-
cant, unappropriated public lands. Those lands,
in the resolutions of annexation, were reserved to
her, and 1 have copied that reservation into my
amendment
If we had then agreed to pay her debt, I doubt
not she would have surrendered her public lands.
Circumstances, however, are now such, that it is
proposed to pay to her a lar^e sum of money. If
the amount to be paid were known, we could act
more intelligently; but I understand that the Sena-,
tor from Kentucky, in accordance with a rule in
the Manual, leaves that question until the bill shall
arrive at its last stage; but at that time it will be
too late for me to offer my amendment, and hence
I am constrained to offer it now. It has been sug-
gested that the amount will be some ten or twelve
millions of dollars. About ten millions is the?
present debt of Texas, and I propose that, for the
sum which we may pay, Texas ahall convey to us
her unappropriated public lands. She has her full
share in the public lands, m which all the States
possess an interest, and at the same time she re«
tains her own, which I desire she shall surrender
if we pay her debt.
Mr. CLAY. It is true, as has been stated by
the Senator from New Jersey, that 1 entertained
the purpose not to fill the blank with the sum to be
paid to Texas until the third reading of the bill, if
it should reach that point. At the time I made
that intimation 1 was acting upon my general
knowledge of parliamentary law, as laid down in
the Manual and the Butish books. According to
these authorities, I knew that it was proper ther*
to fill any blank that might, to that time, have been
left in the bill; but since then my attention has
been called to the particular rule of the Senate of
the United States on this subject, which I believe
I have never examined since it was adopted by the
Senate, and I am now inclined to think that by
one of our rules there has been a modification of
the parliamentary law—that is, as to filling up
blanks. By our rules I find that no amendment
can be made on the third reading of a bill without
unanimous consent; and upon ascertaining that our
rules have thus modified the general parliamentary
law, I changed my purpose as to the time when it
would be proper to propose to fill the blank in this
bill. My present purpose is to propose to fill the
blank as one of the last amendments that it will be
in order to make to the bill before it is ordered to
an engrossment; and it will then be in order for the
Senator from New Jersey to offer ins amendment
which i*s now before the Senate.
Mr. DAYTON. With that understanding 1
will now withdraw my amendment with the leave
of the Senate.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is stitt
open to amendment. If no amendment be offered
the bill wiH be reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. FOOTE". I have an amendment which I
desire to offer, but, as I am anxious not to throw
any obstacle in ihe way, I will reserve it for
another opportunity.
Mr. CLAY. If the bill shall be reported to
the Senate it will still be open to amendments.
If, however, the Senator from Mississippi has an
amendment to offer, it may be now proposed, and
disposed of. There are two or three other amend-
ments, of which notice has been given, which
may also be now acted upon, unless they are-
abandoned.
There being no proposition made to amend, the
bill was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless it is the
pleasure of the Senate to have the question on the
amendments taken separately, the question will be
on concurring in the amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BENTON. Let the question be taken
separately.
The first question was on concurring in the
amendment to the fifth section, providing that the
