1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
President of the United States ? Was it to set I
down and prepare tables for the taking of the ,
census under the provisions of the Constitution? I
No, sir; the committee were informed that that j
had been already done under the provisions of the |
existing law, and it seems to me, with great re- j
spect for the committee, that what remained for j
them to do was to prepare a bill which should !
carry out the provision of the Constitution, hay- \
insj reference to what,"under authority of law, had :
already been done. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am somewhat sur- j
prised,-sir, at the argument which I have just!
heard. I understood, when this law was passed j
at the last session, that it was designed that the }
Census Board should procure proper information 1
as to the best mode of taking the census; and that |
tfiey should likewise prepare such forms and sched- j
ules as might be necessary, so that they might ji
be submitted to the consideration of the present ji
Congress for their action. Now, sir, am 1 alto- |i
gether deceived and mistaken in that supposition? !l
I am, if the argument of the gentleman from Geor- ;
gia be correct. What is that argument? It is j
that the census board shall prepare such forms as j
they think proper, and that Congress, without !
considering those forms—without knowing what it i
is that the board have provided—without ascer-1
taining what particular subjects the board design !
to investigate—have, nothing further to do than to '
appropriate money to carry into execution a j
scheme that we know nothing about, it seems to j
me that that is the drift of the argument we have
just heard; and 1 must acknowledge that, if that is j
the extent of the obligation imposed upon us by ;
the law of the last session, 1 dtd not understand it j
so at the time; I had no idea by that law of pledg- j
mg myself to the execution of a system formed by j
the census board of which I knew nothing; and
that we were to give them a carte blanche to provide
just what system they pleased; and that we were
to take it upon faith withoutjooking at it. I never
dreamed of such a thing as that. Sir, if we are to
inspect what they have done, and, approving of it,
to make it an act of Congress, then, sir, it is sub-
ject to any amendment which Congress may,think
proper to make. Now, 1 admit that you ought
not, if the board have incurred an expendituie, to
change the plan,uti!ess some good reason be given
for it. I think you ought, as an act of courtesy to
them, and in view of the interests of the country,
to accept any scheme that they might submit, un-
less it were subject to serious objections, and that
you ought to appropriate the money to carry it out.
But, sir, I utterly protest against the idea that,
because we passed the law organizing this census
hoard, we are bound, without any further exam-
ination, to take whatever they submit, and carry
it into effect. This Congress has the right, in
executing the law of the last session, to supervise
what that census boaid has done; and if there is
any defect in the scheme they propose, it is our
bounden duty to remedy it- Suppose this census
board had'extended their inquiries to five hundred
frivolous matters which Congicss might think
would not be of any essential service in obtaining
statistics through the assistance of deputy mar-
shals, are we bound to carry the inquiries, through
our deputies, to the fullest extent which the cen-
sus board may direct.' Or suppose, on the other
hand, instead of being too lantudinous, they do
not extend it far emjugh in the opinion of Con-
gress, are we to stop short of getting thenecessaiy
information merely because the census board, act-
ing under the authority of law, has not, ill the
formation of tables, gone far enough? Certainly
not. We have a light to correct these extremes
during the present session; and all I contend
for is^ that, by the tables that have been formed
by the committee, we have guarded against these
extremes; at all events, that we have judged in
relation to the matter as we had a light to do,and
have formed a set of tables that will compare fa-
vorably with the tables of the census board. I
think, then, there is no foundation, growing out ot
the law of the last session, for the opinion that
Congress is bound to adopt whatever may be le-
conimendcd by the census board, which 1 appre-
hend to be the position taken by the Senator from
Georgia, from the tenor of the remarks which he
^Mr Tlle observations of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, with reference to the remarks
I addressed to the Senate just now, require from
me a very short notice. I have maintained the
proposition'that, forasmuch as the .power to pre-
pare these tables was, by existing law of the
last session, conferred upon a board designated
in that iaw, therefore it was not within the com-
petency of a committee of this body, raised with-
out any special instruction upon the subject, and
with instructions that enforced the direct reverse,
that it was not in the powet of that committee to
disregard the provisions of our existing iaw.
That is the whole extent of the argument i have
submitted.
Now, in regard to the construction of the law.
If that construction is to be made by looking at its
terms, there are certain rules by which we may
arrive at the correct interpretation of it; but if it is
to be made according to the understanding which
the Senator from Kentucky had at the time when
he assented to the passage of the law, we are at
fault. Looking at the provisions of the act itself,
1 maintain that the proposition I before stated itf
fully sustained. The Congress of the United
States, in the enactment of this law, selected with
great care, in the first place, the public officers who
were to constitute the buaid. They were not
persons likely to indulge in the vagaries suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky, but having made
this selection, Congress imposed upon them spe-
cific duties. Lest by possibility they might mul-
tiply subjects of inquiry beyond what Congress
contemplated, they were limited expressly by the
terms of the law itself. The idea of the Senator
from Kentucky is, that what was contemplated by
this act of Congress was, that this board should
prepare a report, which report should be submitted
to this Congress for its action and conecuon if
, found necessary. If such had been the object of
; the law, certainly you would have found it so ex-
, pressed in its provisions, and instead of requiring
I that the board, when it had completed its labors,
: should proceed to present them, they might have
simply asked that a draught of the tables so de-
, termined upon by the board should have been sub-
j rmtted to Congress at the present session. But,
I sir, has notCongiess delivered its whole authority
j to the board when it has authorized them to pre-
i pa-re these tables and to print and publish them?
| Though I do not mean to say that this body is
1 precluded from acting on this subject, yet 1 do
; mean to say that to act upon it they must repeal
the act of last session and take the consequences
that may have resulted as to expenditures under
that law. But what I maintain is, that it is not
competent for a committee rai&ed to take into con-
sideration a portion of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, recommending that a
iaw already passed by Congress be carried into
effect, totally to disiegard its provisions, and to
substitute a scheme of their own.
Mr. UNDEXIWOOD. I did not know, sir,
until I heaid the last remarks of my friend, the
Senator from Georgia, that the committee were
charged with a violation of duty, or with tran-
scending their authority under the commitment of
the subject of the census to that committee. JNor
has my friend from Georgia who makes the
charge brought forward any specific statement by j
way of refeience to documents to show how we j
have violated our duty „or transcended our au- |
thorny. Now, sir, what is the authouty given j
to us? I believe that portion of the President's j
message relating to tht± subject was referred to the j
committee. The committee was raised generally j
to consider the subject of the seventh census. !
Now, sir, having, raised a committee on the sub-
ject of the seventh census, and having had the
'President's message.embracmg that subject com-
mitted to us, it does seem to me that everything
connected with the subject, 111 prospect or behind
lis, embracing the law of last session, could be
legitimately considered by the committee, and
altered and changed at pleasure; at least we could
recommend to the consideration of the Senate
such alterations and changes as we might deem
proper. I deny, sir, that the committee has
transcended its authority, and particulaily in pre-
paring the tables which they have submitted with
their report. Sir, let me ask you if this census
boaid had made their tables and completed then-
work under the act, whether the vvhoie subject
ou°"ht not to have been refeiied to the committee—
whether those tables ought not to have gone along
with the President's message to the committee?
It seems to jne to be perfectly clear that the report
o.f the census board ought to have gone to tfee
committee with the message,. ai^d the committee
would then have been $it liberty to snak.e such
alterations and changes in them as they might
have considered proper to be made.
All that I contend for is, that there is no princi-
ple of the law of the last session which binds us to
adhere to the propositions suggested by the census
board. And if you concede that Congress has a
right further to act upon the subject, that very
consideration embraces the power to change, modi-
fy, or alter, whenever the committee find it neces-
sary or think proper to make alterations.
The Senator from Georgia says that this census
board was composed of gentlemen who would not
indulge in vagaries, as I suggested. Sir, I am
very happy to know that the olfici&l dignitaries of
this country would not be likely to extend, as I
remarked they might do, their inquiries into de-
tails greatly beyond what would be proper; nor
would they, in all likelihood, fall short of many of
the things that ought to be embraced. But the
very act itself, as the gentleman has remarked,
does not givethem unlimited discretion or unlimited
control over the subject. It restricts them from
going to the length to which they otherwise might
have gone. They have not been left at liberty to
be influenced by theirown discretion and judgment
qn the subject. But, although I concede to the
gen.tlemen composing this census board great in-
telligence, patriotism, excellent judgment, still,
notwithstanding, that judgment, patriotism, and
intelligence is not above the supervision of the law-
making power; and unless you can bind us dawn
by this act of the last session—a thing which I
think could not be done—to take their work with-
out investigation, 1 assert that wc have a right to
investigate, and that we should not have the tables
of the census board forced upon us, as it were, by
an interpretation of the act that we have not con-
tended for. The gentleman from Georgia is en-
deavoring to maintain before the Senate that we
are bound, in consequence of the act of last session,
to take what this board has done, and that we have
I no right to make .any change or alteration- in it. I
, deny the proposition. If we are not bound to take
it merely because they have done it—if it is not
j| obligatory upon us to adopt their work, then the
committee may act upon the subject and propose
j! a different scheme; but if we are bound—if we are
■ | tied up and have no power to make any change or
ji alteration, why then I yield the question. But that
|| we are so bound I utterly deny.
II Mr. BERRIEN. I desire merely to state, in
addition to what i have already said, that the re-
port of the census board actually accompanied the
message of the Piesident of the United States
when the latter was transmitted to Congress. [Mr.
B. here referred to and read an extract from the-
report ]
Now, what I have to say is, that, under the cir-
cumstances, the committee m the examination of
the tables to which their attention was called, if
they discovered that they were insufficient, was,
it seems to me at least to be the parhamentaiy
course, to report to the Senate and ask for the
I authority which they have now exercised.
I Mr. BADGER. I agree entirely with the Scn-
I ator from Kentucky as to the construction of the
I act of last session constituting this census board.
I That board was created solely for the purpose of
| procuung information and suggesting; forms for
, taking the census at the present session of Coii-
1 gress, to enable Congress to discharge its constitu-
; tional duty. To my mind it is evident that the act
! of the last Congress intended to bestow upon that
, board no part of thelegislative duty of either Houte
of Congress. The law directed an inquiryanda
1 report U> be made, without giving to such report
j, any particular sanction or authority—without gjv-
■ ' ing to it any more force or validity than it would
; have had if it had been made under the diiection of
j' either House of Congress. Tins board was coi -
■ i stituted for collecting information and reporting a
!, plan such as they thought most suitable for pio-
cunn" a proper enumeration of the inhabitants
'; 0f the United States. They were also to prepare
■' forms for the procuring of proper statistical ir.-
i- formation; but, sir, those forms were to have no
: more influence upon us—no greater obligatory
fence—they were to receive no greater respei t or
consideration from a committee of this body than
if prepared by commissioners under a resolution
of the Senate or the House. The value of the
