1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1379
Territory of Utah may hereafter be admitted into
the Union as a State, with or without slavery, as
her constitution may prescribe.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The second amendment was that which was made
to the tenth section, striking out the words " in re-
spect to," and inserting the words 4< establishing or
prohibiting" before the words " African slavery."
Mr. BALDWIN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and resulted as follow:
YEAS— Messrs. Atchison, Radget, Barnwell, Beirien,
Butlei, C'^v, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson. Dick-
inson, Dodi*V of Iowa, Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter,
jones, Kinir, Morton, Ruck, Sebastian, Shields, Soul6, Stur-
geon, Turnev, Underwood, Webster, and Yulee—27.
NAY'?5—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradhitrv, Bright, (X-s. Chase,
Claike, Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Massaclul-fU*. Dtu ton,
Undue of Wisconsin, Fekh, Greene, H ,Ie, Ilamhri, Miller,
Norris, Phelps, Seward, Smith, Spruance, UphaiTi, Wales,
Walker, and Whitcomb—25.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh
amendments were adopted without a division.
Mr. SEWARD. I now submit the amendment
to the thirty-seventh section, which I offered in
Committee of the Whole, but which was then
rejected—" but neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude shall be allowed in either of the Terri
tones of Utah or New Mexico, except on legal
conviction for crime."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WALKER,. I move to strike out all after
the first four sections of the bill. Ttisa simple
proposition, and does not require discussion. I
merely make the motion that a vote may be taken
upon it by the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. The effect of the motion, if
I understand it, is to bring the question on the
separate admission of California.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I am some-
what surprised by the motion of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker.] I had i
no idea that even those most hostile to this bill, \
much less the honorable Senator just named, who [
I have ever regarded as a peacemaker, in this time i
of trouble would seek to defeat the bill, by this j
or a kindred motion, before its real friends had a j
full opportunity to perfect it. This we have not I
yet had, and 1 appeal to the honorable Senator j
from Wisconsin to withdraw his motion, unt'1 ;
this opportunity is given. A few days more, and j
I have no doubt we will reach a point when the
so'emn and deliberate sense of the Senate can be
had on the merits of the three propositions em-
braced in the bill. If he persist and the motion
prevail, the labors of this body for the last three
months will be entirely lost to the country; we
will then be where we were on the day the com-
mittee was organized.
I am as anxious for the admission of California
as he can be. I claim to be behind no Senator in
zeal on this point; though I differ with some as to
the mode which will bring with it the early attain-
ment of that object.
I sustained the proposition to raise the commit-
tee, who were charged with the duty of presenting
some general plan of adjustment, calculated to give
peace "and quiet to the'country. The bill before
us was the result of their labors. As I stated on
a former occasion, the bill contained features 1 ob-
jected to, but a majority of the committee concur-
ling in the measure, Iacquiesced, and avowed my
willingness to support it as an entirety, up to a
point where I should find the admission of Cali-
fornia endangered by a union of the measures,
which I am glad to believe has not been reached,
nor do I believe, from present appearances, will be;
for, if coming events cast their shadows before
them, none can doubt the passage of the measure;
and if it does pass, I think I see in the future, what
is so much desired by every well-wisher of this
Republic—peace, quiet, and confidence restored
the country over, and a return on the part of Con-
gress to the legitimate legislative business of the
Government. _
No one, sir, would hail with more giatmcation
such a result than myself. No one has been more
anxious to effect such a result than myself. To
this end I have labored, in my humble manner,
from the time the measure was reported to the Sen-
ate, and shall only ceasa -when by a final vote its
fate is decided.
But I am unwilling to see this motion prevail at
this time, i should regard it as truly unfortunate
for the country. Further, its defeat now, under
this motion, would not be the voice of the Senate:
four Senators, known friends of the measure, are
not in their seats. Under this state of facts, then,
I again appeal to my friend from Wisconsin to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the proposition
before the Senate, which has been submitted in
that spirit of fairness which has characterised the
Senatorial course of the gentleman who made the
motion, throughout my whole acquaintance with
him, is one of great importance. It is vital. Itis
conclusive, if it prevail, of the fate of the bill. The
question is, whether all the labor bestowed by the
Committee of Thirteen, and by the Senate, upon
this £reat work of pacification is now to be lost,
and whether we shall be brought back to the sim-
ple question of the admission of California, with
her limits as proposed, with her representation in
both branches of Congress as proposed.
The question is, in other words, whether we will
take California, with all the objections that have
been made to her admission, without compensa-
tion; or whether, rejecting the motion, we will take
California, with the compensations that are pro-
vided in this bill. If the motion prevail, the effect
of it will be to bring up instantly the question of
the admission of California. And upon that ques-
tion, no Senator can hesitate to believe but lhat
there is a large and decisive majority in the affirm-
ative; of which majority—I repeat the profession
and declaration I have often made before—I am
If I am reduced to the necessity of voting sep- i,
arately and distinctly upon the question of the !|
admission of California, with her whole limits— j
stretching along the entire length of our posses- !
siotis on the Pacific, up to the boundary of Ore- j
—with her Senators and Representatives, with- |
out any compensation, without any equivalent, j
without any rejection of the principle of the Wil- ,
mot proviso, T am prepared to give the vote. And j
the question for the Senate, and for all parts of the I
Senate to consider is, whether or not they will ;
take the admission of California with theeompen- '
sation contained in this bill as it is, or as it may
be hereafter modified by subsequent amendments,
in preference to what is otherwise inevitable—the
separate admission of California. I hope and trust
the proposition will be rejected. If there were any
doubts about it, I should ask for the postponement
of the question until the return to their seats of
three or four Senators, who, I hear, will vote
against it. But, as I presume the proposition will
be rejected by a large majority, I shall not ask j
this. . . i
Mr. President, I have two or three times inrti- j
cated my purpose, at some suitable moment, after |
hearing all that has been said against this bill, to i
address the Senate in answer to all the leading !
topics of objection that mav be urged against it. I
would do that now, butthat 1 think the moment
for performing such a duty has not arrived, and
but for the anticipation 1 make that this motion
will be rejected. I have risen for the purpose,
which I have executed, of stating the consequences
of the motion: California as she is, without com-
pensation, or California with the compensation
contained in this bill, or which may be put in it
during its subsequent progress.^ That is the ques-
tion before the Senate, and I wish the countiy to
see and understand it.
Mr BERRIEN. Mr. President, the Senator , r
from Kentucky has very briefly and very distinctly I ' unuer co
stated the consequences which will result fiom the
adoption or rejection of this motion, to the extent
to which those consequences have been specified
by him. But, in my judgment, there is a further
consequence resulting or to result from the action
of the Senate upon this motion, which I beg to
submit to the Senator from Kentucky, and through
him to the Senate. But, especially, I desire to
submit it to the mover of this amendment. I appeal
to him, whether, without any such intention on
his part, this motion will not tend to embarrass
the action of Senators. If the amendment prevail,
we will then be left to decide upon the question of
the separate admission of California. If the amend-
ment be rejected, the Senate will then have deter-
mined to retain, as they are, the several sections
which it is proposed to strike out. And the ques-
tion whiah I submit to tha consideration of tha
Senate, and especially of the mover of this amend-
ment, is, whether the rejection of this amendment
will not pieclude all future amendments to the por-
tions of the bill which will have been retained? I
find it written in the Manual;
" When it is proposed to amend by inserting a paragraph
or part of one, the friends of the paragraph may make it as
perfect as they can i>y amendments, betore the question is
put for insertingit. Ef it be received, it cannot be amended
atterwaids iu ihe same stage ; because the house has, on a
vote, agreed to it in that torm. In like manner, if it is pro-
posed to amend by striking out a paragraph, the mends of
the paragraph are first to make H as perfect as they can by
amendments, before the question is put for striking it out.
Jfon the question it be retained, it cannot be amended after-
wards ; because a vote against striking out is equivalent to
a vole agieemg to it in that form."
| Now, sir, I beg to make a suggestion to the
I Senate. We are engaged in the discussion of a
! bill which proposes one precise mode of adjusting
i this question. It is very desirable to some, who
cannot agree to this bill in its present form, that
it should receive modifications, which it may pos-
sibly receive, if it remains still open to amend-
ment. What I have to say, then, to the Senator
from Wisconsin, is this: He presents an embar-
rassment to those who desire, in the further prog-
ress of this bill, to submit amendments. The
1 inquiry is—and I am perfectly sure the Senator bad
| no intention of producing such embarrassment—
| whether this be a proper mode of coercing Sena-
tors in that situation, by precluding them from
offering amendments?
I have expressed the opinion, that if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin be rejected,
the several sections retained will no longer be open
to amendment. I formed that opinion upon the
authoiity to which I have referred, in the Manual,
which declares that a refusal to strike out is equiv-
alent to an affirmative motion to retain in the exact
form in which it exists, so that no future amend-
ment can be made to it.
I would ask the gentleman whether it would not
consist with his own views of propriety to with-
draw his motion for the present, so as to allow
amendments to be proposed, upon which theaction
of the Senate can be had, and which will enable
Senators who are in the situation in which 1 am
individually, to get a fair expression of the views
of the Senate?
Mr. HALE. Does not a motion to amend take
precedence of a motion to strike out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does. The
Chair would also state that the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Georgia is correct. The rejection of a
motion to strike out is equivalent to the adoption
of a motion to retain, in the exact words proposed
to be stricken out.
Mr. HALE. Then I have an amendment to
offer to one of the sections proposed to be stricken
out. I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
this amendment. An amendment was adopted on
my motion 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow us to hear what was the decision
of the Chair?
Mr. HALE. Certainly. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state what is the rule of proceeding. If a proposi-
tion is made to strike out any portion of a bill be-
fore the Senate, and the Senate refuse to strike it
out, it cannot afterwards be amended by striking
out any portion of it. It can only be amended by
addition, and not by altering the phraseology of
any portion which the Senate refused to strike out.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 was about to
suggest that on my motion, when this bill was
consideration in Committee of the Whole,
an amendment was adopted, I believe unanimously,
maltino-certain issues that, might come before the
supreme and district courts of these territories
reexaminable. 1 find, in looking into the bill, and
on consultation with some friends of the bill, that
there is no express grant of power to either of the
judges to declare writs of habeas corpus, except by
intendment and inferences, and directions how
they are to proceed. I propose by an amendment
to make that plain and explicit, whieh may now
be found in the bill by inference. I therefore pro-
pose to insert immediately after the words " United
States," in the forty-fifth line of the thirteenth
section, the following:
" And the paid supreme and district courts of the sai
ritory, and the respective judges thereof, shall and t  y
grant writs of habeas corpus m all c-Rses in wji!~n tri
are grantable by the judgw of the United States in tha Bi
trial of OalttmUia."
