1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I would in-
quire if this is brought in as an amendment to the
bill, or as an amendment to the motion made by
the Senator from Wisconsin?
The PRESI DING OFFICER. It is an amend-
ment to one of the sections of the bill proposed to
be stricken out by the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. BENTON. What I want to say is this:
As these amendments can be made before the vote
is taken on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, it would perhaps be more convenient if the
Senator from Wisconsin would withdraw his mo-
tion until after the amendments are done with. He
could then renew it.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I understand
the decision of the Chair to be that to a certain
extent this would be an embarrassment to amend-
ments to the bill, so far as amendments that pro-
pose to strike out. When I made the motion I
was not under the impression that such would be
the effect of a negative vote. We often see a mo-
tion to strike out all after the enacting clause of a
bill. That is negatived. The body certainly goes
on and amends tiie bill, after that negative vote.
True, this is not a motion to strike out all after
the enacting clause, but it is a motion to strike out
a very materiil pari of the bill, a large majority of
its sections. And it did not occur to me that its
rejection would preclude amendments of any sort.
But such being the opinion of the Chair, to whose
better experience I bowwith deference, I will with-
draw the amendment, because, as has been very
correctly said by the Senator from Georgia, I
would not offer any proposition which would em-
barrass this measure.
No objection being made, the motion was with-
drawn.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Hale.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I understand that
the amendment merely proposes to make plain and
explicit what is already in the bill by inference.
Such being the case, I have no objection to it.
Mr. BUTLER.. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will explain why it is that the grant-
ing of writs of habeas corpus is confined only to
cases in which they are grantable in the" District
of Columbia?
Mr. HALE. I will explain the object. On con-
sultation with a friend of the bill, it was suggested
that if it was made analogous to cases in the States,
there might be something peculiar in one State that
was not in another. It was thought better, there-
fore, in order to give the provision a national char-
acter, to make it analogous to the principles which
govern cases in this District. That was the only
object. The same provision is already in the bill
by inference. This only makes it explicit.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALE. I move the same amendment in
the same place to the thirtieth section of the bill,
so as to make it apply equally to both territories.'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON offered the following amendment
to the bill:
Strike out of proposition " first" of section 3D after ttio
word "beginning," tllrse ivordi r "at tlm point on tliu I!io
del Nnrte, commonly cilled El Pawl, .md nmnni" up Unit
river twenty mile*, measured by a stunyht linf>°tbrjenn
and thenee eastwardly to a point where the 10:)th degree of
west longitude crosses fried river, hemg the soutiiwesfan^le
in the hue designated between the United States and Me.\R < '
and the >ame angle in the line ot the territory set apart for
the Indians by the United States," and insert after the said
word " beginning these words : « at the pomt in u e middle
ot the deepest channel in the Rio Grande del Norte where
the same is ctossed by ihe J0>d degree of longitude we*t
from the meridian of Greenwich ; thence noith. aton«  that
longitude, to thf 34th decree of north latitude; thence oast
wardly to the point at which the JOOth degree of west'lon-d
tilde ciosses the Ked river, "
The amendment being stated by the Chair,
Mr. BSNTONsaid:
The motion is to strike out and insert—to strike
out the committee's proposed line for the western
boundary of Texas, and to insert a different one
in place of it. The committee's line begins twenty
miles, on a straight line, above El Paso, and runs
northeastwardly to the point at which the Red
river is crossed by the one hundredth decree of
west longitude. The line 1 propose begins in the
middle of the channel of the Rio Grande del Norte
where it is crossed by the one hundred and second
degree of west longitude, aboutthreehund red miles
on a straight line, below El Paso, and runs north
with that longitude to the thirty-fourth parallel
of north latitude, where it strikes the committee's
line; and thence, with that line, to its termination
at the intersection of the Red river by the one hun-
dredth degree of west longitude. These are the
two lines, and the difference between them is a
difference of seventy thousand square miles cut oil
from New Nexics and given to Texas.
My ojections to the committee's proposed line
were stated in a former speech, and nothing which
was then said will be repeated now. The point
of those objections was, that that line was a dis-
memberment of New Mexico, cutting off seventy
thousand square miles of its territory, and giving
it to Texas. My reasons for the line I propose
were also stated m the same speech, and will not
be repeated now. Their point was, that a line
along the one hundred and second degree of west
longitude would be the proper boundary between
New Mexico and Texas—the one that would con-
form to the actual possessions of both countries,
to their civil and geographical divisions. Without
repeating arguments formerly used, my design is
to rise higher, and establish the same points by
new and closer evidence, drawn, as the rhetoricians
express it, ex visceribus causa—from the bowels of
the case—that is to say, from the bill and report of
the committee itself, and from the authentic map
of the State of Texas.
I begin with the committee's bill, and show
from it that a cession of a part of New Mexico to
Texas, and not the ascertainment of the true line
between them, was the object of the committee;
and that in fact they make a cession of one half
of New Mexico to Texas, and then accept a ces-
sion of the other half from her, and then propose
to pay her a large sum of money besides. Here
is the ceding clause in the committee's bill:
(i Second. The United States cede to the State of Texas all
right, claim, and title which they have to any territory lying
south of the line aforesaid. And the said State of Texa>
cedes to the United States any right, claim, and title which
it has to any territory lying north of the said line."
These are the words of the committee's bill—a
cession—a mutual cession of territory from each
to the other, and in terms which imply title in
each. The United States cede to Texas all the
territory that lies south of the committee's line;
Texas cedes to the United States all the territory
that lies north of it. It is the act of two owners
actios: independently of each other, and making an
exchange of land, and in terms which imply an
equality of title in the respective cessions. Upon
the words of this clause, then, this transfer to
Texas is a cession from the United States, and
conveys to Texas the right, title, and claim of the
United States to all the territory ceded. Another
part of the bill is equally explicit w treating this
transfer as a cession. The sixth clause is in these
words:
" Sixth. If the said Stale of Texas shall refme or decline
to accede to the preceding articles, they shall become null
and void, and the United States shall be remittal hick to all
their terntoual rights, in the same state and condition as if
these articles of compact had never been lemieied to the
acceptance of the Slate of Texas."
This is confirmation, both of the cession and of
the title of the United States. It makes a provision
for resuming the title of the United States if the
ixchange is not agreed to by Texas. It remits
the title—sends it back—to the Unred States if
Texas does not accept! and, to give more em-
nhatic meaning to this remission, as a return to its
farmer owner, the expletive '• back" is super-
added—a redundancy of phrase which could only
be justified by the extreme desire of saving the
title of the United States if the committee cannot
succeed in giving it away.
The report of the committee, in explanation and j
support of their bill, fully accords with these two
clauses of the bill itself. It treats the line they
propose as making a cession of United States ter-
ritory to Texas, and carefully reclaims the title, if
the cession is not accepted. Thus:
"If thi< boundary be assented to by Texas, ?he will be
t<ld to that extent in her title. And some may suppose
t-iat, m consideration of this ronces^ion by the United States,
might, without any other equivalent, relinquish any
claim bhtt iia-s beyond the proposed boundary; that if, any
rbuin to any part of New Mexico. But, under the influence
of a sentiment of justice and great liberality, the bill pro-
poses to Texas, tor her relinquishment of any such claim, a
large pecuniary equivalent "
And again:
«ft cannot be anticipated that Tetas will dccline to accede
to these liberal propositions; but if she should, it is to be
distinctly understood that the title of the United States to
anv territory acquired from Mexico east of the Rio Grande,
will remain unimpaired* and in the same condition as it the
proposals of adjustment now offered had never been made."
Here are two distinct confirmations of the mean-
ing expressed in the commiuec's bill, and shows
that the import of the words employed by them
was duly and cautiously considered. " Conces-
sion'^ the term they apply to it, which is the
equivalent of cession, which is itselt equivalent to
the word grant. " Unimpaired'' is to be the state
of the United States title, if the concession is not
accepted by Texas; and, as an acquisition from
Texas, the remaining part of New Mexico is pro-
posed to be held. The words all imply cession
and acquisition; and m that, the bill and repuitare
right. It is a cession of seventy thousand square
miles of New Mexico to Texas for nothing ! with
a proposal to purchase, the remaining part of New
Mexico from her at a greater price! The whole
crowned by a bungling salvo to save our title " un-
impaired,''if Texas cannot be induced to accept
these fine terms—terms which give her both our
land and our money. Thus, the report accords
with the bill, and sustains my proposition.
I now proceed to other evidence.
Here is a map! the title, contents, date, and
verification of which are vital to this inquiry. It
is entitled, A Map of the State of Texas, by
Cordova; and it declares itself to be compiled
from the records of the General Land Office of the
State, and is dated in the spring of 1848, and pro-
fesses to give every county, every town, land dis-
trict, river and stream in the State; and is verified
by the signatures of the Senators and Representa-
tives of the State in Congress, by the Commission-
er of the General Land Office, and the attestation of
the Governor, and of the Secretary of State, h
must be assumed to be an authentic map of the
State, such as it was at the time of its compilation
—spring of 1848—and will not be questioned by
Texas, and is the sole evidence for which the
United States will have occasion in maintaining
the possession of all New Mexico until the ques-
tion of title shall be competently disposed of. It
shows the possession of Texas as it stood at the
time that the United States acquired New Mexico.
It is the map of possession—the map of the State
as possessed—at that identical moment, vital to
this question: it extends from the Sabine to 102°
of west longitude. And here is a reduced map m
the corner of the large one, embracing the country
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
and showing the whole extent of the claim of
Texas. I will explain the reduced map first.
Here it is, (holding it up.) The blue color repre-
sents the whole claim of Texas, extending to the
head of the Del Norte, and thence to north latitude
42°, where it corners with Oregon and California,
having "Santa Fe county " written upon it, near
San Miguel—the place where the Texan expedition
was taken prisoner in the year 1841. The small
red and yellow squares in the eastern part of this
little map represent the counties, land districts, and
the colonial land gvants in Texas; and tley show
that the longitude of 100°—the same which 1 pro-
pose for the western limit of Texas—was the ut-
most limit to which any land district or occupied
county then extended. Fannin land district ex-
tended precisely to that longitude, and is hounded
by it. Bexar county extended in that direction,
but without a settler near it. This is what the lit-
tle map shuws—the whole claim of Texas, cover-
ing all New Mexico east of the Dei Norte—and
her actual possession limited to the eastern side of
the longitude of 102°.
I now recur to the large map, entitled Ji Map of
the State o/Ttxas; and first read the certificates of
verification which I find on its face. These are they s
" Washington City, Jlu,°ust 22, 1848.
1. "We the undersigned Senators and Representatives
from tlif Suie ol Tuxa* do hereby tertify, that wes have
carefully examined J. De Cordova's map of the State of
Texas, compiled by it. Ureuzbawi, fiorn ihe records of the
General Land Oiftce of Texas, and have no hesitation m
Sdjing that no map could surpass this in accuracy and
fidelity. It has delineated upon it every count} in ihe State,
it-> towns-, rivpi>,and streams ; and we cordially recommend
it to every pei&on who desires correct geographical knowl-
edge ol our Stain. To persons desirious ot vi&iting Texas it
wi 1 be invaluable."
[Signed: Thomas J. Rusk, Sam Houston, Da-
vid S. Kaufman, S. P. Pilsbury.]
2. hereby certify, that this map has hem compiled
from the icoords of the Genetal Land Office, by Robert
Oreuzbawr, and that it is the most correct representation of
the State which I have setn, or which has come within my
knowledge. Thv meanders of the rivers aieall correctly
represented, being made-ijom acrua) surveys."
[Signed by Thomas W. Ward, at Austin. July
4, 1848.]
