1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
3. "The undersigned, Commissioner of the General Land
Office of ti).> suite ofTi'Xaa, ha? no hesitancy m deflating it
ay hi* fi, i:i c -iivi' tioii, that tins map is a very correct repie-
senution of the State, representing all return* up to date,
having been compiled with great care from the records of
the Gi-neial Land Office by the diaughtsinan, Robert Creuz-
bavvi."
[Signed July 4, 1848: George W.Smith.]
4. " State ot Texas: 1 certify that George William Ward
was CoiniuoMOtK r of the Gcneial Laud Office from the 5th
day of January, 1841, to the 20th day of March, 1848; and
also that George W. Smith is now and has been Commis-
sioner as atore uid since the said 20th d «y of March Jast. In
testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed
the seal of the State, at Austin, the 7th day of July, 1848, and
of the independence of Texas the thirteenth year."
[Signed, George T. Wood: countersigned by
the Secretary of S:ate, W. D. Miller.]
This is the authentication of the map, and cer-
tainly nothing couid be more full and satisfactory.
The dates of the certificates are also most essen-
tial; for they show the map to have been com-
piled as late as the Spring of 1848, the very date
of the treaty with the Republic of Mexico, as if
compiled for the exact purpose of showing the
United States the extent of the Texan possession
on the day she became interested in the question,
by becoming the owner of the territory contiguous
to Texas. Here is this authentic map. Look at
it—(holding it up.) It is large enough to be seen
across the Chamber, and shows objects with suffi-
cient distinctness to be discerned by all. Its west-
ern limit is the longitude of 102! the very limit J
propose, as if I had made the map myself to suit
my bill. Here isthe longitude of 102 constituting
the western limit of the map, running through the
centre of the Staked Plain, leaving every county,
every town, and every land district, and every
streutn and river of Texas, with all their heacl
springs and sources to the east, leaving the
whole course of the Puerco and its valley to the
west, and striking the Del Norte just below the
mouth of the Puerco, and three "hundred miles
on a straight line below El Paso. Behold it!
Here is 102 cutting the long blank space marked
El Llano Eslacado, the Staked Plain; and here are
all the breaks in the eastern declivity of that long,
broad, and sterile table land, from which issue the
thousand little streams which, taking their course
towaids the rising sun, and gatheiing themselves
into large channels, give birth to all the beautiful
rivers of Texas—the Colorado, the Brasos, (Los
Brasos de Dios, the Arms of God.) the Nueces,
and the southern forks of the Red nver. There
they all are! Everything that is Texan by na-
ture or by law ! Rivers, towns, counties, all to
the east of 102, and all separated from New Mex-
ico by the high desert plain which marks the
structure of the country, and divides systems of
rivers and of lands from each other.
This is the line which I propose, and upon the
adoption of which the sense of the Senate will be
taken. It is entirely different from that of the
committee, and makes a difference of 70,000
square miles to the United States teriitoryin New
Mexico, according to its adoption or rejection.
I have diligently studied the report of the com-
mittee to find out the principle on which they
could take a line beginning above Ei Paso to divide
the territories of New Mexico and Texas—a line
which, conforming to neither claim, falsifies both!
and which, contradicting history, geography and
law, invalidates itself! I have been greatly at a
loss to discover the principle on which such an
anomalous line could be based; and suppose I
have found it, so far as it can be found, in the
paragraph of the committee's report, which 1 will
now read. This is it:
" The committee be? leave next to report on fhe subject
of the noithern and western boundary of Texas. On that
question a ureal diversity of opinion has prevailed. Accord-
ing (o one new of it, the western'limit of Texas was the
Nueces; according to anolher,it extended to the Rio Granule,
ami stretched from lis mouth to iis source. A majority of
the committee, having come to the conclusion ot recom-
mending an amicable adjustment cti the boundary with Texa*,
abstain from expressing any opinion as to the true and legiti-
mate we>tern and northern boundary of that State. The
term" proposed for such an adjustment are contained m the
bill herewith reported, and they are, with inconsiderable
variation, the same as that reported by the Committee on
Territories.
" According to these terms, it is proposed to Texas that
her boundary be recognized to the Rio Grande, and up that
river to the point commonly called £,t Paso, and running
thence up that nver twenty miles, measured thereon by a
straight line, and thence eastwardly to a point where the
hundredth degree of west longitude Crosses Red river; being
the sourhwest angle in the tine designated between the
United States and Mexico, and the-same angle in the line of
the territory set apart for the Indians by the United States."
This is it! and a pretty light it is to guide the
Congress of the United States—-a great diversity
of opinion among the people, and no opinion at all
in the committee. Some think the Nueces the
true and legitimate western boundary: some think
it extends to the Rio Grande. The committee
think neither one nor the other, nor anything else;
but, having come to the conclusion to recommend
an amicable adjustment, they abstain from ex-
pressing any opinion as to the true and legitimate
western boundary of Texas! and then, without
any regard to what is either true or legitimate,
they cut New Mexico in two, and give half of her
to Texas. If the committee had studied the ques-
tion of boundary, and expressed an opinion, and
then made their line conformable to it, their rec-
ommendation might have been entitled to great
weight. But they do no such thing. They do
not study the question. They expressly abstain
from it. They neither give an opinion of their
own nor adopt that of anybody else. They neither
take the Nueces, as they say some believe, nor the
Rio Grande, as they say others believe; nor name
any line which they themselves believe; but, going
it blind—making a half and half business of it—
cutting instead of untying the Gordian knot—they
take a new course across the Puercos, beginning
half way up the Del Norte, cut New Mexico in
two just below the hips, and give the lower half
to Texas, leaving New Mexico to stump it about
as she can, without feet or legs.
This is called abstaining from expressing an opin-
ion; but it is certainly acting an opinion, and execu-
ting it also. They amputate New Mexico—cut her
in two just below the middle—give half to Texas—
and call that no opinion. Sir, there was once a dis-
pute before a wise man with respect to the maternity
of a child. Two different women claimed to be its
mother, and Solomon, puzzled with their contra-
dictory asseverations, and notable to decide which
was the true and legitimate mother, and abstaining
from expressing any opinion, ordered the child to
be cut in two, and half of it to be given to each.
You know how it ended. The true mother would
not have the child cut in two ! and the wise man
knew that! and his judgment was nothing but a
device to find out the truth by making nature speak.
I do not know whether our committee have acted
on the policy of Solomon—Solomons though they
all may be ; nor in fact upon what policy or prin-
ciple they acted. There is no point from the head
to the mouth of the river which may not be taken
on the same principle. Amicable adjustment is
the only rule they profess, and that seems to be
very amicable; and, according to what they pro-
pose, all their amicability runs in one channel, and
all their adjustment leans to one side. They give
seventy thousand square miles of New Mexico to
Texas, and offer her $10,000,000 to accept it!
This is amicable enough to Texas, and adjustment
enough to suit her ! But how does it suit the
United States and New Mexico ? How does it
suit truth and justice—that true and legitimate line
which tne committee did not even pretend to ascer-
tain ?
The committee propose a consideration to be
paid by the United States to Texas—how much
they do not say in their bill or report, but rumor
talks of $10,000,000. This is what the report says:
" As a consideration for it, and considering that a portion
of the debt of Texas was created onapledge to hercreditors
of the duties on foreign imports, transferred by the resolution
of annexation to the United States, and now received and re-
ceivable in their treasury, a majority of the committee rec-
ommend the payment of the sum of millions of dollars
to Texas, to be applied m the first instance to the extinction
of that portion of her debt for the reimbursement of which
the duties on foreign imports were pledged as aforesaid ; and
the residue in such manner as she may direct. According
to an estimate which has been made, there are included in
the territory to which it is proposed that Texas shall relin-
quish her claim, embracing 'hat part of Ne>r Mexico !yin« eaU
of the Rio Granrte% a little le«s than 1-24,933 square miles,
and about 79,957,120 acres of land. From the proceeds of
the «ale of tins land, the Tnited States may ultimately be
reimbursed a portion, if not the whole, of the amount of
what is thus pioposed to be advanced to Te*as."
The consideration is not named; but some things
are named which may help to form a judgment as
to what it ought to be Let us consider them. In
the first place, this is an affair of mutual cession—
an exchange of land—so much on one side, and
so much on the other—and then boot from the
United States to Texas to the figure of some mil-
lions. The first question is, how much land does
each give? And the committee answers for Texas,
with great precision, a little less than 124,933
square miles, including that part of New Mexico
which lies east of the Rio Grande: and I answer
for New Mexico, 70,000 square miles, including
the El Paso and Puerco country. Upon the fig-
ures, Texas would seem to have ceded most, and
entitled to receive boot: but when it comes to be
considered that this cession from Texas includes
all New Mexico east of the Dei Norte, from
twenty miles above El Paso to the head of the
river—that it cedes five hundred miles of what was
New Mexico for a hundred years before the name
of Texas had been heard of—that it includes thirty
towns and villages, and 70,000 New Mexican
people who admit no allegiance to Texas—then it
becomes a question whether this five hundred
miles of New Mexico should not be deducted from
the committee's quantity of 124,933 square miles*
I happen to be of that opinion; and so would de-
duct about 50,000 square miles from the commit-
tee's count. That would make the two cessions
about equal in extent, about equal in quantity.
And now for quality and value. How would the
two cessions stand in that respect ? Evidently the
70,000 square miles taken from New Mexico is
worth more than the 75,000 ceded by Texas. It
is in a better climate, being ail of it south of 34°,
and part as far south as 291; while the Texan ces-
sion goes up to 42, in the Rocky Mountains—
within thirty miles of the South Pass, and cor-
nering on Oregon and California. It is better land.
It has civilized people upon it—four or five thou-
sand at San Eleazario, and two or three thousand
at other places. It is unincumbered with resident
Indians, and will be ready for immediate sale and
settlement, and lies in the direct track from the
lower Mississippi to the northern parts of the Re-
public of Mexico, and the Gila route to California
and the Pacific ocean. It is the most valuable
cession, equal m extent, better in climate and qual-
ity, and more desirable from position. And yet
the committee propose boot—good boot—some
millions. That is not the rule m the horse swap.
It is not the rule to give the best horse,and then
give the price of the other in boot, especially when
both horses belong to yourself.
The committee, in their report, seem to be a lit-
tle conscious that they were rather overdoing the
matter in this article of compensation to Texas—
this new mode of swapping land—giving the best
land, and then giving bootbesides. They say :
"If this boundary be assented to by Texas, she will be
quieted to that extent in her title. And some may suppose
that, in consideration of this concession by the United States,
she might, without any other equivalent, relinquish any claim
she lias beyond the proposed boundary: that is, any claim to
any p.at of New Mexico. But. under "the influence of a sen-
timent of justice and great liberality, the bill proposes to
Texas, for her relinquishment of any suck claim, a large pe~
cuniury equivalent
This is candid. Doubtless many will suppose,
as the committee think some will, that the United
States had given land enough without superadding
money to it. They would think so upon the very
reasonable principle, that when a man had given
up half his land to quietaclaim to it, that he should
not pay money for the other half, especially when
he believed both halves belonged to himself, and
when he had possessed it all for two hundred and
fifty years. It is very leasonable, in such a case,
that some would suppose that he had done enough
in giving up half. 1, myself, would certainly be
one in that some. But, not so the committee.
They have a new rule to go by, unknown in trade
or politics before. They hove recourse to senti-
ment! and, under its influence, and from a feeling
of great liberality, they will make " other equiva-
lent" to Texas for relinquishing her claim to the
rest of New Mexico. This is the way it stands in
the committee's bill and report; and I give what
they say in their own words, that there may be no
mistake about it; another equivalent is what they
propose. One might suppose that one equivalent
was enough, but they propose another, so that
there shall be both a moneyed and a landed equiv-
alent to Texas. Now, I object to all this. I ob-
ject to accepting a cession of New Mexico from
Texas, first, because the United States has a claim
to it herself, and has the actual possession, which
is a right to possession until the claim is decided.
Secondly, because the acceptance of such a cession
would admit the title of Texas to all New Mexico
east of the Rio Grande, and so raise questions to
disturb both New Mexico and the United States.
Thirdly, because we give more valuable territory
than we receive, and then pay the value of what
