1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
to the Printing Committee; and it is conceived
that it will still continue to be good. This ques-
tion is not at all affected by that. It is a simple
provision that it shall be printed, by the same
authority—that is, under the authority of Con-
gress—instead of the authority of the Secretary
of the Interior. That is all, sir.
If the Senator will consider the terms of the
amendment, he will find that it does not fix the
precise terms—the precise price that shall be paid
for it, but it leaves the subject open to any altera-
tion that Congress may see proper to make in the
present arrangement for printing, up to the time at
which the printing of the census is to be done; so
that if the quality of the printing, under the
present arrangement, be not of the proper kind, it
will be very easy for an alteration to be made in
the law. And I would state now that it is my
purpose at an early day to submit to the Senate a
proposition *for a change in the present mode of
giving out contracts for printing. 1 would state
that the contractors under the present arrange-
ment are unable to execute properly the work
they have undertaken, without a ruinous loss; so
that, whether we adhere to the present arrange-
ment, or make a new one, does not at all affect the
question that is presented by this amendment.
The question is simply, whether Congress will
order the printing of the census papers to be done
upon the same terms and under the same authority
as the printing of other public documents have
been ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts having charge
of this bill, whether he can give a probable esti-
mate of the cost of all the printing required to be
done in taking the seventh census ?
Mr. DAVIS. .No, sir, 1 cannot. I have not
made a calculation of the cost.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the reasoning
of the Senator from New Hampshire against the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Arkan-
sas i3 very unsatisfactory to my mind. The
amendment of the latter gentleman proposes to
require the present printers to Congiess to perform
all the printing necessary to be done under the bill
before us. The Senator from New Hampshire
objects, and gives us as a reason the unsatisfactory
manner in which the public printing is at present
performed. If he be correct in this, the fault is as
much ours as the officer we employ. It is m our
power to remedy the evil, if the evil exist; and it
is our duty to do so. I believe myself the present
low prices paid our printer forbids the performance
of his work in that neat and workmanlike manner
it ought to be done, and would be, if a more lib-
eral table of prices were established. .Let us not,
because of this evil—an evil within our control,
and which we can and I hope will correct, be
guilty of the still greater error of transferring to
the Secretary of the Interior unlimited power in
the disposal ami payment of tens of thousands of
dollars, where, to whom, and as he pleases. As
a general principle, I am opposed to vesting in any
officer discretionary power to exercise patronage
and expend money without limitation, and 1 am
particularly and especially opposed to giving the
Secretary of the Interior any such authority.
Here is a branch of the puolic service to be per-
formed during the present year calling for the ex-
penditure of hundreds of thousands of dollars;
the item of printing alone will, I have no douot,
looking to the outlays for taking the sixth-census
in 1840 as furnishing in part a precedent, amount
to from two to three hundred thousand dol-
lars. Now, shall this sum (saying nothing of other
very objectionable grants of unhmitable authonty
contained in this bill) be given the Secretary of the
Interior, to be expended when, how, and as his
will dictates; or shall we, the proper and legitimate
guardians of the treasury, provide in a direct
manner for the expenditure, with such restriction^
as will ensure the completion of the work m the
time required, and upon an economical safe plan?
Our dutv is a plain and obvious one. Requne the
work to be done either by the present printer to
Congress at the established rates, or provide foi
the letting it out by contract to the lowest bidder:
thus giving every citizen an opportunity of parti-
cipating mthe advantages of Government expend-
"UMr HAMLIN. It seems to me there is a great
propriety in the amendment proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Arkansas. If I understand
the scope of the twentieth section of this bill, there
can be 110-reasonable doubt that the Secretary of
the Interior will be compelled to procure the print-
ing to be done which is specified in that section at
the earliest possible time, and that the section gives
him unlimited discretion as to the amount to be
paid for the printing when so performed. This is
the inference which I draw from that section. If
I am wrong in my view of the scope which should
be given to that section, if the committee do not
design and intend to abrogate existing laws, and
place entire discretionary power in the hands of
the Secretary of the Interior, then 1 was mistaken
in the true scope of the section. But I apprehend
the committee who reported this bill have precisely
the same view of it that 1 have.
There are other matters connected with this
whole subject to which I invite the attention of the
chairman of the committee, that I may vote un-
derstanding^ when 1 shall come to vote upon the
bill. I think the interrogatories put by the honor-
able Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] have
great tforce, and should be considered at this time.
What is the sum which the printing of these doc-
uments will cost? I find, on examination of the
estimates, they are put down in the gross as
amounting to $1,126,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. That embraces
the whole expense.
Mr. HAMLIN. I mean to say that is the esti-
mate for the whole expense connected with the
census. The amount for preparatory printing is
put down at $211,000
i said that I invited the attention ot the chairman
to this matter, that 1 might vote intelligently and
understandingly, when called on to give my vote
on the bill. I said that, m relation to taking the
census and printing, all together the sum would be
$1,126,000. I find one item of §150,000 specified
as applied for procuring statistical information. I
desire to know whether this bill is designed to
cover that item*, and, if so, what that statistical
information is to embrace? By whom i3 the inform-
ation to be obtained? Is it to be obtained by
the'marshals, or is there to be yet another class of
persons who are to obtain this statistical informa-
tion besides the marshals enumerated by law ? Are  &   , .
we to have another class of officers who are to n in opposition-, but I am thoroughly convinced
embody and present this statistical information*, !i that it will not only be useless, but that it will
another corps, not connected directly with those : h«v* a *n-*at tendency to mislead any person who
. 1 P . 1 _  It ( .-w-i
it will be acknowledged that it is equal to that of
any session of Congress—certainly equal to any
except that executed for the twenty-eighth Con-
gress, I think; I refer, at any rate, to that when
the printing was done by Messrs. Blair & Rives.
Perhaps that was of a higher order; I will say it
was of a higher order than any which had been
executed at any previous period. But, according
to the terms of the contract which we have made
with our printers, and the sam pies of paper annexed
to it, it is certainly required that the printing should
be done, and I think I may say it has been done,
in a manner equal to that of any previous Con-
gress, except that to which I have referred.
Now this may be, in the estimation of Senators,
a very small sum; but the aggregate of our ex-
penditures is large, and retrenchments, if any, are
to be made in small items and on each subject. I
hope sincerely that the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas will be adopted, and
if there are required any additional stipulations to
make the printing of that document superior to the
rest of the Congressional printing under the con-
tract, I am willing to enter into these stipulations
with those individuals who perform this service;
but I am unwilling to throw open that door which
shall give any individual authority to procure this
printing at a sum double and perhaps quadruple the
priccs for which it is now stipulated to do similar
work.
Mr. HALE. I have no sort of feeling upon
this subject. When I stated the objection, I
merely desired that, if it was to be printed, it
should be done in a manner that might be useful.
If the chairman of the committee thinks this is the
best way to effect an amendment, I have no objec-
tion.
* While I am upon the floor, 1 would say that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina let fall a
remark to the effect, as I understood him, that he
disapproved of the whole system of taking the cen-
sus. I venture to say that I entirely concur with
that honorable Senator. I have no doubt that, so
far as the statistics of the United Slates are con-
I cerned, the whole thing will not be worth the pa-
! per upon which it is printed. Indeed, sir, if this
! thing was merely useless, I would not say a word
who take the census of the country ? III am not mis-
taken the sum appropriated for printing the last
census, that of 1840, was $137,001). 1 believe that
one-half of that—and so 4he printer on that occa-
sion, who is now present, would tell us, with his
usual frankness and sincerity, if lie were permitted
to state the facts here—was net profit to the print-
Now, upon what basis is it estimated that the
expense of preparatory printing at this time is to
be #211,000f Is it the resolution of 1819, fixing
the rate at which Congressional printing was to
be done then ? Is it based on something altogether
indefinite, by allowing the Secretaiy of the Inte-
rior or any other person to cause this printing to
be performed at any rate which, m his opinion,
may be deemed just and proper? It seems to me
that the inquiries suggested by the Senator uetore
me are the most appropriate, and that we should
know, while we are discussing this question, what
is the intention and design ol the committee who
presented the bill to us. Do they, in the estimate
which they form, calculate to absorb the sum
which is here named? H the bill is to be con-
nected with this estimate, and is designed to absorb
this estimate, it seems to nie we should examine it
have a great tendency to mislead any person -
may m the least degree rely upon it as an accurate
source of information. 1 remember that when the
last census was taken I was m the House of Rep-
resentatives, and there this subject was under con-
sideration; and after the whole documents were
printed, 1 do not know how much time we spent,
but I know it was not trifling, in receiving peti-
tions praying for corrections to be made in the
statistical information which had, under that ar-
rangement, been laid before the House. Sir, it
would have been an endless job; and I think, from
the very nature ol the operation under which this
census is to be taken, it can be demonstrated that
it must be a total failure. Sir, what are you going
to do? You are going to give the whole ol this
business into the hands of the marshals, who will
farm it out in the several districts not exceeding
twenty thousand inhabitants. Now, lsuppose, if
it is given into the hands of the marshals, it will
be let out, as all such jobs are, to friends and favor-
ites of those whom the marshals wish to assist—a
class of men who know nothing whatever of sta-
tistics, or who have no notion whatever of the
form in which they should be arranged, and with
whom, there can be no doubt, the only question
will be how they may best look after the fees to be
. 1 ,!  i   * tunf i i 1*1 t !
with great care and caution, and be slow to passa j; paid for making the ret urns fhat w> U doubtto.
bill which would necessarily incur that expense, ,, be the only statistics to which they will 1
1 think it can be demonstrated clearly, as certainly ;| Should any Senator °^e'" 01) s'latisy.
as a mathematical proposition, that the census of other person, place the least reliance up
this country may bePtaken according to the sched- !! tics gained in this manner, either ,  rehtton «o ag
ules prepared by this very committee foi a sum
not much if any beyond one-half the sum named
in the estimate.
I desire, as one who is to act on this matter, to
know what is the view of the committee, and what
connection this bill, m its present form, has with
the estimates which have been prepared by the
proper department. I do not know that it is ne-
cessary at this time to go into any discussion as
to what is the proper character of the printing, or
as to what should be the proper standard by which
that work should be done. I think, upon exam-
ination of the printing during the present session,
ncuhure, to manufactures, or to the productions
generally of the United States, he will find that he
will be more utterly m the dark than he was be-
fore-more at fault than if these things had never
been printed. Now, sir, my idea would be—and I
suppose it is also the feeling of Senators, on the
other side of the chamber—not only that the cen-
sus of the United States ought to be taken,
but that it should be taken by itself; and, under
such an arrangement, every Senator must see
that there is some probability of approximating
to something like certainty in relation to the census.
Then, sir, having got this by itself, if we want
