18S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
"tve receive into the bargain, and which was our
own before.
' Sir, this is strange work. A committee under-
taking to guide, in a case where they admit they
have not looked for either truth or law—prescrib-
ing a line, which they admit to be neither true nor
legitimate—abstaining from expressing an opinion,
and yet enforcing an opinion—making a sacrifice,
and calling it a compromise—undertaking to save
New Mexico, and saving her by giving away one
half, and purchasing the other half. This is strange
work, and new work, in the American Senate: but
let us go on with it.
The committee propose a consideration in mon-
ey to Texas for accepting their line. Upon what
principle? It is an exchange of territory—a mu-
tual cession—and Texas receives better than she
gives. Is it for the remaining part of New Mexi-
co ? If so, it is unjustifiable to purchase what we
already possess, and dangerous to rouse the ques-
tions to which the admission of Texan title to
New Mexico would inevitably give rise. This is
to-o serious a question to be lightly evoked. If the
State of Texas now covers the Santa Fe country,
as the bill and report of the committee admit, then
the constitution and laws of Texas are in force
there I and this is what the Senate will say if it
sanctions the committee's bill; and what cannot be
said without rousing great questions.
A moneyed consideration is to he paid to Tex-
as, but how much is kept a profound secret, for
the profound reason of preventing jobbing in this
Texas stock. In the mean time it seems to be
known, in the knowing circles, that ten millions is
the amount to be offered; and on that basis stock
jobbing is rife! and three hundred per centum has
already been the advance. The chance of Cali-
fornia for admission, and of the two territories for
governments, rises and falls with this rise and fall
of Texas stock. They are all in one cart togeth-
er—California, Utah, New Mexico, Texas bound-
ary, and Texas stock; and must all go through,
or balk together; and all depends upon the Texas
stock.
The committee say, in their report, it is not to
be anticipated that Texas will refuse to accede to
their liberal propositions. That, I presume, will
depend upon the amount of money with which
that carefully-guarded blank is to be filled; and
that is not to be filled until the last moment—until
the bill is on its third reading. Then the filling is
to come; and upon the quantity of it, I presume,
the vote of the State of Texas is to depend—both
the State in its rejection, or acceptance of the pro-
posed terms, and her representatives here, in voting
for or against the bill which contains them. I speak
of the State and of her representatives here, as I
would speak of my own State, and of myself,
under the like circumstances. Our first duty is to
our own State; and under the sense of that duty,
the vote of the Texas Senators on this bill—this
omnibus bill, in which the admission of California
and governments to two Territories is mixed up
with money to Texas—their vote upon the whole
bill must depend. Money enough to Texas, and
they go it! and all the measures are carried. Not
money enough to Texas, and they halt! and all
the measures are lost. It is not only an enormity
in itself to make the passage of the other great
measures dependent upon the amount of money
voted to Texas, but it leads to a vicious and con-
demnable mode of fixing that amount. It leads
to voting the amount, not which Texas ought to
receive, but of what will pass the bill I and to the
contrary, what will defeat the bill. Thus, those
intent upon the bill must vote a large sum to se-
cure the Texas vote: those opposed to it must vote
a small sum, or nothing, in order to defeat it. This
is vicious voting, and to be condemned every-
where. A jury that should make up a verdict in
that way would have their verdict set aside, and
themselves reprimanded. What should be done
to us and our verdict under the same circum-
stances r For one, i confess the vice of my vote,
and lay its blame on those who force me into the
false position in which I am to vote. In a bill by
herself, and for such a line as I propose, I would
vote Texas a liberal sum: in this connection, and
under these circumstances, not a cent.
Mr. President, there is something overruling in
toe mldirs of men, which, in the end, brings out
tilings i ight, and establishes the dominion of truth
and justice; and never was this overruling super-
intendence more visible than now. Here are
measures of the most discordant kind clapped to-
gether in one bill, in violation of all parliamentary
law, and to the ruin of all fair legislation, in order
to force some measures to carry others. It is the
most fisgp&nt case of parliamentary impropriety
which the history of our legislation has ever pre-
sented; and, to rebuke and crush it, here is the
highest proof of its enormity which the wisdom
of man could have devised. Votes are nearly bal-
anced on this floor, for or against this conglomerate
bill. There are two Texas votes on this floor, and
they count four—two off and two on—and every
one knows that these votes will decide the fate of
the bill, and that they themselves will be decided
by the amount of money to be voted to Texas.
Sir, I touch a point which is still ahead, and which
I will not develop now. When we come to the
filling up of that mysterious blank, so carefully
guarded, I may be able to demonstrate that the
effect of this conglomeration of bills, and that re-
servation of a blank, to be filled at the last mo-
ment, is to open an auction upon the floor of the
Senate, for the votes which are to carry through
the omnibus bill, with all its multifarious and het-
erogeneous contents. The filling of the blank
may develop the fact, that the admission of Cali-
fornia, and the establishment of governments for
two Territories, may depend upon the amount of
money to be paid to Texas; and, if it does, it will
present the highest evidence of the flagrant enor-
mity of tacking incongruous bills together which
the history of American or British legislation has
ever exhibited. The bill is caught flagrante delicto—
taken m the fact—seized by the throat, and held
up to public view—(and here Mr. B. grappled a
bill and held itup)—in the very act of perpetrating
its crime—in the very act of auctioneering for votes
to pass itself. 1 seize it in the act, and hold it up
to public opprobrium, and make it an era to be
recurred to, and its fate to stand as a warning
against all future conjunctions of incongruous
measures.
I beg my friends from Texas [Messrs. Houston
and Rusk]—and I call no man friend without be-
ing ready to stand for a friend when one is need-
ed—1 beg them to take what I say in the sense I
intend it. In their place, I should do as they will
do—vote for or against the bill, and all its meas-
ures, according; to the amount of money to go into
the blank—and with the same sentiment of pro-
found humiliation which they must feel. And
this shows the enormity of such unnatural con-
junctions of discordant measures. And here 1
will use an argument but lately come to hand, but
which ought to have its weight on this occasion.
I allude to the new constitution of Kentucky, and
its salutary provision against the ruinous practicc
of "log-rolling." In section thirty seven of article
two of that instrument, there is this provision:
Every bill shall contain but one subject, and
that shall be clearly explained in the title.
This is the sentiment of Kentucky on the fatal
practice of tacking incongruous bills together,
j She has pointed her constitutional cannon against
} it. True, we are not bound by the provisions of
| her constitution; but we are bound to respect the
: principle of morality m which it is founded, and
1 of course to condemn and repudiate this omnibus
; bill, freighted with so many subjects, and depend-
! em for its passage on the amount of money to be
| voted out of the public Treasury to the State of
! Texas.
I Sir, I have myself, in a bill now before the Sen-
j ate, proposed a compact with Texas for the se tle-
| ment of her western boundary; but I proposed no
i mutual cessions—no exchange of territory—no
' dismemberment of New Mexico—no purchase of
the Santa Fe country—no giving away our own
territory, and paying Texas to take it. My pro-
posals steered clear of all that folly and blunder.
This is what I proposed:
"Art. 3. The Slate of Texas cedes to the United
[ Slates all her territory exterior to the limits to which
\ she reduces herself by the fast article of this compact."
And the limits then proposed by me for her re-
s duction were the same now proposed—102° of
• west longitude, and 34° of'north latitude. This
' is all the cession that my bill proposed—a cession
I from Texas only—and not of all the territory, but
i of all her territory exterior to her reduced limits.
| This avoided the consequences of a cession from
| her of the whole country, including New Mexico
| as a part of Texas. It avoided the consequence of
i holding the Santa Fe country as a purchase from
Texas. It avoided the consequence of admitting
all that country to have been a part of the Siate of
Texas. It avoided all the serious and disturbing
consequences in which the committee's bill would
involve us. For such a lineas I proposed to Tex-
as, ceding no territory to her, accepting no title to
New Mexico from her, leaving New Mexico in-
tact, and conforming to ancient title and to present
actual possession, 1 would vote fifteen millions of
dollars; for such a line as the committee propose,
not a copper.
The committee can find no excuse in my offer
for theirs. And here I address myself most es-
pecially to that member of the committee [Mr.
Cooper, of Pennsylvania] who seems to have be-
come its organ at this point; and I say to him, and
through him to the committee, there is nothing in
the one to justify the other. The two offers are
as different as the two extracts from that sarsa-
parilla root—" Heaven wide apait, and infinitely
dusimilar, and not alike in any two particulars, and
having no two qualities in common." One begins
twenty miles, m a straight line, above 151 Paso—
the other three hundred miles in a straight line be-
low it. One is latitudinal—the other longitudinal.
One runs east—the other north. One cuts New
Mexico in two—the other goes round her. One
cedes seventy thousand square miles of New Mex-
ico to Texas—the other cedes nothing to her. One
accepts the remainder of New Mexico as a cession
from Texas—the other holds her as a cession
from the Republic of Mexico. One conforms to
ancient title, present possession, and geographical
affinities—the other violates all these conditions.
One raises the slave question, and in its double as-
pect of actual extension of slavery into one halfof
New Mexico, and its implied legal existence in the
other half—the other avoids both these questions
by leaving both New Mexico and Texas just as
they are. One admits the Texan laws and consti-
tution to be in force in all New Mexico east of
the Rio Grande—the other asserts the Mexican law
to be in force theie. These aie some of the points
of difference between my offer and the commit-
tee's, and which I will thank tne Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] to recollect the next
time he speaks on the subject,"fend credit the dif-
ferences on the right side of the account. But
there is another difference, and of another kind,
between the two offers, and which may be fully
developed when we come to the work of filling up
that coy and sensitive blank, upon which the
committee are so dumb, and the knowing ones so
knowing. My offei affects no other bill, or meas-
ure. It is in a bill by itself. It is a Texas bill,
and confined to Texas. The money it proposes
carries no influence, good or bad, to any other bill
or measure—has no effect on the life or death of
California, or the two territories. It carries no
votes, for or against them—excites no stock-job-
bing interest, for or against them. It is a parlia-
mentary bill, confined to its own subject, unmixed
with any question, claiming decision on its own
merits alone, and leaving all other bills to be de-
cided, in like manner, upon their own merits.
This is a particular difference between the com-
mittee's bill and mine, in addition to all the other
differences between them, and which, at the prop-
er time, I shall more fully develop: and, in the
mean time, must remind the Senator from Penn-
sylvania not to overlook these differences when he
comes again to fortify his intended vote for sac-
rificing New Mexico by a reference to my bill for
saving her.
The committee, as a justification for ceding the
one half of New Mexico to Texas, and then pur-
chasing the other half from her, argue that it is the
only way to prevent Texas from swallowing her
all up. This was a great mistake in law, and a
further mistake in fact, in supposing that the
President—the then President, General Taylor—
would not do his duty. There were three ways
to save New Mexico without giving up any part
of her to Texas. First, for the United States to
occupy her as she was on the day of her cession
by the Republicof Mexico; secondly, by a sua in
the Supreme Court; thirdiy, by offering a fair
compact, based upon the true boundary. By
either of these three ways New Mexico could be
saved; and the late President, in a message before
his death, 1<H us kngw that he would do his duty,
and maintain the possession until the question of
title should be decided by the competent authority.
This is his message:
