288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4.
statistical returns from the several States, my opin-
ion is that they can be much better obtained from
,the various State Legislatures. I think the hon-
orable'Senator from Massachusetts will teli you
that the statistics which have been taken by
that State have been taken in a manner on
which you may place the fullest reliance, be-
cause they were taken by individuls who had a
knowledge of and interest in the subject. I am
decidedly of opinion, sir, that this whote business
of .statistics had better be given to the States, and
let them manage it; for, if you insist upon adding
to the census this duty of taking statistical inform-
ation throughout the United States on the great
variety of topics embraced in this bill, you will
obtain no information that is worth the having,
either in relation to the cens-us or to statistics
themselves. I beg that this matter my be separated
from the census, so that one part, at least, of this \
business, may be perfect. By associating these two i
branches together, the numbers will not only be ]
imperfect—merely approximating to correctness— :
but the statistics will be useless; not only useless, ,
but worse than useless, for they will mislead any j
person who undertakes to rely upon them. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD, if the gentleman from j
New Hampshire wishes to get at the point he now j
arises, it seems to me he ou^ht to move to recom- ;
rnit the bill, and to strike out all about the statisti-
cal information which he proposes; and until the j
Senate shall have intimated its intention to confine :
the taking of the census to a mere enumeration of ;
the inhabitants of the country, it seems to me to j
be a waste of time to make any remarks on that ;
subject. _ i
liut i presume we have been too long in the habit j
of taking statistical information in connection with j
the enumeration of the population to make the (lis- ;
tinction at this late day. My chief object in j
rising, however, was to answer the inquiries of j
the gentlemen on the opposite side of the chamber. ;
If they had looked at the section now under con- j
sideraiion, they would have discovered that it j
would be impossible to form any estimate of the j
amount that would be expended in printing the j
census. They could have perceived that there is ;
a blank left in this section. The section requires j
the assistant marshals to make their reports by 1
the 1st of October, and after the reports shall haver i
been made, the section further requires that the
Secretary of the Interior shall have them classified
arid arranged, and after that is done, that he shall
cause to be printed  copies for dis'nbuuon.
Wow, sir, there are two reasons why it is impos-
sible to form any estimate, or give the gentlemen
opposite the information they require. The first
reason is, that it is impossible to forsee how much
these assistant marshals will report. You cannot
tell how much infoimation they will obtain; you
cannot tell the quantity of matter they will give
you to be printed. It depends upon the number
of inhabitants, upon the information they receive
in answer to the statistical inquiries which by the
bill they are directed to make. So that every Sen-
ator must perceive, as soon as he looks at the sec-
tion, that it is utterly impossible to tell the precise
quantity of matter which will have to be printed
under this bill. In the next place you cannot tell
gintil the blank has been filled up, how many copievS
you will require to be printed. You may fill up
the blank with ten or a hundred thousand, and
the number of copies to be printed will depend on
the action of the Senate. So that gentlemen will
perceive, if they will but look at the subject, that
it is impossible to answer their inquiries.
I certainly concur, Mr. President, in the object
which the honorable Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Borland] has in view by his amendment, but I
would lie <?lad to reach it in a ditl'erent mode. I
will now offer a substitute for his amendment, and,
aftei explaining it to him and to the Senate, I will
leave the Senate to choose between the two.
Theameudment of my friend from Arkansas pro-
poxes, that when the information of the marshals
comes in on October 1st, after it shall have been
classified and arianged by the Secretary of the In-
terior, he shall give the printing to particular indi-
viduals—to the public printers.
VV<11, now, why select those gentlemen? It
se^ms to me that they haie fat jobs enough, if the
public punting is as lucrative now as I presume it
has been in times past. They have the printing
for both Houses of Congress, and they ought to
be content without this. The Senator from Ar-
kansas, not satisfied with arranging the price to be
paid for the work, gives positive directions, in the
amendment which he has offered, as to who shall
be selected to do the work. I have no-objection,
whatever, to the limitation with regard to price,
and I mean to propose that th^ individual who
performs the work shall be limited to the sum paid
for similar jobs to the public printer; but I want
to give power to select other persons to h«ve the
employment, and I think a little distribution, a
little diffusion instead of concentration, a little
chance for A, B, and C, to come in and share with
the public printers, would not be amiss.
I I ask my friend from Arkansas if he will not be
content to accept this as a substitute, by way of
addition to his amendment, so as to make it read
as follows: ''Provided the sum paid for the print-
ing by said Secretary shall not exceed the sum
paid for similar services to the printers employed
by Congress." Any rule that my friend chooses
to prescribe limiting the amount, I will most cheer-
fully go for; but I think we ought not to select for
the Secretary the individuals who are to rfo the
work.
Another reason, sir, why I oppose the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas is this: Are we
certain that, at the time the reports of committees
here are all made and this work has to be done,
the public printers will be actually in a condition
to do it in the manner that it will requue to be
done? They may have their hands full. The
amount of the work will depend on the number of
copies that you will order. You may fill the blank
with 60,000 fur aught 1 know, it will have to be
stereotyped; if will have to be what printers term
rule-work. Gentlemen will recollect that the book
furnished by the last census contains nothing but
rule-work and columns of figures. You may, if
you have it stereotyped, have to make a specific
contract with some person to do the work m the
way you require. Does my friend from Arkansas
know that the public printer, when the reports
have been made, will be in a position to perform
all this work as fast as it will be required? I would
have no objection to limit the sum to what might
be paid to the public printer, and I believe I would
have no objection to limit the sum that may be
paid for the rule-work to 20 per cent, less than was
paid to the printer who performed the job under
the last census bill; but 1 submit to my friend from
Arkansas whether it is proper to say, as is done by
his amendment, that when the reports are made,
the job shall be given to the public printers, wheth-
er they have their hand&fuil or not.
Mr. BORLAiND. Will the Senator allow me
to make an explanation. I was going to ask, sir,
if it is in order, to be permitted to add aline to my
amendment, the eifect of which will be simply
this: it has been suggested to me that my amend-
j ment as it now stands provides only^or the print-
II ing of the returns of the census. My object is, to
!: provide for the preparatory printing also, which
!| will amount to a considerable sum.
!; In reply to the proposal of the honorable Sena-
j: tor from Kentucky, I would say, that he and I,
I perhaps, do not differ at all as to the principal mo-
1 lives by which we are influenced m making these
,! several propositions. We differ only as to the
': diiection of the printing. I would say to him, in
' reference to the remaik that the contracts fur the
j public printing are very profitable, that facts which
are in my possession would tend to show that, so
far from their being profitable, they are quite the
reverse; and, as to the amount of patronage which
Congress or the Departments might give, I will
just state that, probably, the very direction he de-
signed this printing—the very point to which he
desires jt should go—while 1 desire it should go to
another—is, perhaps, a point upon which patron-
age has already been conferred to a much greater
extent than upon the printers to Congress. I un-
derstand that the Departments have aiieady se-
lected their printers,and that they pay them a fdii,
if not extravagant compensation. Congress has
selected their printers likewise; and, 1 believe, they
• pay them under a contract, affording a very small
compensation.
Mr. BADGER. I believe the printing of the
, Departments is pat out under contract, and the
contract is eiven to the lowest bidder.
Mr. BORLAiND. 1 understand that the con-
j tracts do not go entirely under the same rule as
! formerly. But, whether I am mistaken or not, the
j fact remains, that the patronage of the Govern-
ment, whether under contract or not, is not so un-
equally distributed as the Senator from Kentucky
seems to suppose. There is a distribution; and
the object of this amendment is simply to sustain
this distribution, and the direction of the printing
within the hands of Congress. It is a question as
to whether Congress shall have the direction of
this printing, or whether it shall be entirely con-
fided to the hands of the Secretary of the interior.
That is all. I take this occasion to say that my
amendment, and my remarks objecting to the pro-
visions of this bill, have no reference to the indi-
vidual now filling the office of the Secretary of the
interior—not in the least; the simple question is,
whether Congress or the Secretary of the Interior
shall have the pointing at their disposal; whether
ills safer and better, w-hether it can be more eco-
nomically done, and better done by the direction
of Congress, than it can be done under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior? * That is the
simple question, and the only question, as itap-
pears.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise for the purpose of
making some calculation with reference to this new
census bill. I observe that the name of every per-
son, every man, woman, and child, and every
slave in the United States is to be taken down. I
have taken up the schedule number one, which
contains forty two names upon each pas;e. I want
the Senate to understand this, and I will carry out
the calculations so that they can comprehend it.
As there are four pages to a sheet, and the names
of forty-two persons are written on each pag;e,
there will be on each sheet one hundred and sixty-
eight names.
Take now the population of New York, and
estimate it at two-and-a-half millions, and it will
be seen that 14,880 sheets will be required to take
the census of New York alone, according to
schedule number one. Taking this and multiply-
ing by four, and we shall have a book containing
59,520 pages, according to schedule number one,
filled with names of individuals, w hich it is known,
I presume, is a thing which was never before
done.
But the whole population of the United States
is supposed to be about 20,000,000, just eight
times that of New York, and that wiil make a
book containing 476,160 pages, according to this
schedule. Take the various other schedules an-
nexed and you may be enabled to ascertain some-
thing like the amount of printing. How many
folio volumes will it make? That will depend on
the number of pages in each. Then there are to
be three copies of these made out in each State in
the Union, to be bound and supplied, and the
duties incumbent upon the marshals will require
an amount of labor equal to just three times all
that, by the schedule number one, which will
make a million and a half pages in the whole.
This arises out of the fart of a change in the law
from the former one, by which change we have
the additional labor of taking the names of every
individual in the United States, and his birth-place.
I make these suggestions, to see whether we can
carry out this bill practically, for it will greatly
increase the amount of expense for printing, while
most of these pages will be mere blank paper;
for the names of individuals will merely occupy
lines. This shows the propriety of the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Arkansas m
relation to this printing; for there will be a great
many blank lines left running out for the name of
every child that will be meiely designated as at
school, without specifying any employment. I
admit it is very desirable, but whether this is the
best way to obtain the information is a pia< tical
question. When wc descend from the head< of
families and take the names of all the children,
and th£ names of ail the slaves on the plantations,
from the oldest to the youngest, it will make uti
og«j;reo;ate amount of printing which is unpre-
cedented, and I think unca h'd fni, although the
information may he wiy dtsirahk. It miLiht be
easily alteieil, as not to jmjuuc the nanus of
the slaves to be taken, and 1 hu\e no doubt the
chairman of the committee w ill a.^eut to that alter-
ation. We could i£ .-t the antrieuate and designate
the sexes, whirh I think v. ould be surticenl.
Il is a question for the Nrnate to decide whether
they will take the plan purposed t>y the committee
and have the name of c\ery individual taken down
or not. I merely wished to make these ob->f i va«
tions, knowing that the chairman of the committee
