1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
less
" [ have already, in a former message, referred to the
fact th.u the bo,in<i<try between Texas and New Mexico us
disputed. I have now to state that information has been
recently received that a rertain Robert S. Neighbor^, styling
totmself commissioner of the State of Texas, has proceeded
to Santa F6 wiih the view of organizing counties in that
district, under the authority of Texa=?. While I have no
power to d cide the question of boundary, and no desire to
interfere wuh it as aquest on of title, J have to observe that
the po^es-ston of the territory into which it appears that
Mr. Neighbors has thus gone, was actually acquired by the
United States from Mexico, and has since been held by the
United States, and, hi my opinion, ought so to remain until
the question of boundary shall have been determined by
some competent authority. Meaawfnle, r think there is
no reison lor seriously apprehending that Texas will prac-
tically interfere with the possession of the United States."
This is the message of the late President, and it
is the law and the prophets, brief and simple, hut
true and wise, and putting to flight the main argu-
ment for the dismemberment of New Mexico. He
tells you that he will maintain the possession, such
as it was when the United States received it, until
the question of boundary should be decided by the
competent authorities. This is enough for us.
We are in possession, and have only to retain it.
These were the resolves of the late President, and
there is no dispute about them. He spoke for
himself, and his words will stand, a monument to
his memoiy—a monument to his judgment to see
the right, and to his firmness in maintaining it. It
was his last message, and the symbol of his char-
acter—bttef, plain, honest, wise, firm, and to the
point. It was worthy to be the last message of
General Taylor! and will g-o into the heads and
hearts of the people, and will remain on the mem-
ory of his country longer than graven words can
remain upon stone or brass. I make no allusion
to the present President. It would be unparlia-
mentary and indecorous to do so. He has sent us
no message. But we are bound to believe that he
will do his duty, as he understands it, and. at all
events we have no right to act upon a contrary
supposition—to suppose that the President will not
maintain the attitude of his predecessor, and
thereby make it necessary for Congress to do
something m his place.
Mr. President, we are a government of divided
powers—legislative, executive, and judicial—and
no one department has a right to assume that
another department will not do its duty, and there-
upon assume those duties itself, or do something
that it ought not to do, on the supposition that the
other departments will do nothing. Such assump-
tions and interfeiences are the bane of all govern-
ment, and the excuse for much wrong. We have
seen how mistaken it was to assume such a thing
ot the late President—it was to suppose that he
would not do his duty in maintaining the posses-
sion of New Mexico—and make that supposition
our excuse for giving her away. It may be equally
mistaken to make the same supposition of his suc-
cessor; but I will not suppose one way or the
other. I rest on (he principle of parliamentary
law and decorum, and will not suppose, or pre-
sume, a delinquency of duty on the part of any
other department of the Government; and, rising
above all party feelings, shall hold myself ready
in the case of President Fillmore, as in that of
PresidentTaylor, to sustain him in the full execu-
tion of all his constitutional duties when I believe
him to be right.
The late President, in that same message, in-
formed Congress that he saw no reason to appre-
hend that Texas would practically interfere with
the possession of the United States. The expres-
sion was honorable to him. It was as much as to
say that he did not believe that Texas would com-
mit a breach of law and order, and set an exam-
ple of violence and bloodshed in the assertion of a
contested claim. I do not know whether circum-
stances had occurred to induce him to qualify
that opinion, but I join him in it; and if, unfortu-
nately, it should turn out to be a mistake, and
Texas troops should be marched upon New Mex-
ico, I have my future course to find in my past
conduct, and to do by the Texas authoiities what
I did by the Missouri authorities, in a similar case,
a few years ago. And here I touch a point which
1 have never made public in relation to my own
conduct, and that of my then colleagues in the
boundary dispute between the State of Missouri
and the Territory of iowa. Everybody knows of
the dispute, and how the two Governors levied
troops, marched battalions, $nd prepared to fight
battles; but no one knows how these warlike pre-
parations vvefe stopped. I will tell you how it
was done. When the Missouri delegation here
heard that their Governor was marching troops
upon Iowa, they got together, consulted on the
case, and addressed a private letter to the Governor
to let him know that they could not support him
in such a movement, and recommending the cessa-
tion of military, and the commencement of judi-
cial proceedings. The advice, or something else,
prevailed; military operations stopped, judicial
proceedings began, Missouri lost the land, but
gained the honor of submitting to the laws of the
land.
Dr. Linn, whose brother and nephew sit on my
left, [Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin, and Mr. Dodge,
of Iowa,] was then my colleague in the Senate,
ex-Governor Miller and Mr. Edwards our col-
leagues in the House of Representatives. We
were friends together. We united in the letter;
and, satisfied with its effect, never told what we
had done; nor should I now tell it, except to give
the example of Missouri in a case similar to that
of Texas, and to show in my past conduct what
may be my future condurt if troops are marched
upon New Mexico. The Senator from Iowa,
nephew of Dr- Linn, [Mr. Augustus Dodge,]
was then a Delegate from Iowa, and knew all about
our conduct, except the letter. I am for law, and
order, and the support of the constituted author-
ities—for doing my own duty, in my own sphere,
and leaving it to the Executive and the Judiciary
to do theirs in their spheres.
I return to my motion—the motion to strike out
the committee's line, which begins twenty miles
above El Paso, and to insert the one which I pro-
pose, and which begins three hundred miles below
that point. If the lire I propose is adopted, we
shall save all New Mexico, get the surplus terri-
tory to which Texas has a rightful claim,and have
a justifiable cause for paying her a ernod sum of!
money. If the committee's line is adopted theie |
will be no justification for paying Texas a cent; j
and upon the question of these two lines, naked !
and apart from all other questions, I now wish the
vote of ihe Senate; and ask the yeas and nays.
The veas and nnys were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, [ do not d esire to
occupy much of the time of the Senate in answer
to the Senator from Missouri, but there are some
positions he has assumed upon which I desire to
take issue with him, especially in regard to the
map bv which he has sought to prove the want of
title of Texas to this territory. 1 am willing to
take that map and abide by it, because upon that
map the county of Santa Fe, as defined bv an act
of the Legislative of Texas, is plainly laid down.
That county of Texa*, as well by the map as the
law, extends to the Rio Grande and to the 42d
degree of north latitude. And in no part of the
map can a single foot of land described as New
Mexico be found lying this side of the river. But
at the suggestion of several around me, and on ac-
count of the lateness of the hour, I move that the
Senate ad journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed till to-morrow morning, at eleven o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 16, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. STRONG offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the Whole
Ilouse on the state of the Union on the resolution it-ported
by the Committee on Election?, declaring that it is inexpe-
dient to admit Hugh N. Smith, E>q , to a seat in thu fIou«e,
shall cease in two hours alter the House shall again go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (if the
committee shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the
same;) and the committee shall then proceed to vote on
fruch amendments as may be pending, or offered to the miiiip,
and shall then report it to the House, with -nich amend-
ments as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. BAYLY. I think this question, involving
the admission of New Mexico, is one of the most
important that has been debated during this ses-
sion. I know several gentlemen who desire to be
heard upon it.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Debate is not
in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I move, therefore, to amend this
resolution so as to make the time to-morrow, at
three o'clock.
The question being on the amendment—
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced—ayes 57, noes 65.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Wallace and Fowler were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 51, noes 77.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
the resolution by inserting " Thursday, at twelve
o'clock."
The time, he said, was very short; a great many
gentlemen would like to be heard.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURT. If the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania be laid on the table, will not the
first business in order be the call of the committees
for reports, and next the proceeding to business
on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
after this resolution is disposed of, will be the
call of the committees for reports. After the expi-
lation of one hour it will be in order to move to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will it not be in order, after
this resolution is adopted, to move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. ASHMUN. Then will not this subject
come up?
The SPEAKER. It will, being the special order.
Mr. BURT moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of this resolution until Monday next,
and he asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question, " Shall the further considera-
tion of the said resolution be postponed until Mon-
dry nextr" was then taken, and resulted—yeas 60,
nays 114; as follow:
Y GAS—Mes>rs. A&he, Averett, Bayly, Bocock, Bowdon,
Boyd, Albert G Biown, William J. Brown, Burt, J2. C.
Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, CUngman,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Edmundson, Ewing, Feather>ton,
Gentry, Gretn, Hamilton, Hammond, Hdral.-on, Sampson
W. flams. Milliard, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, inge,
James L Johnson, liobert W. Johnson, Kaufman, La S&re,
LeiTler. iMa^oii, >icUlernand, McDowell, Funs McLtan,
McQueen, McWillie, Million, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker,
Phelps-, Powell, Ross, Savage, Shepperd, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H.Stanton/l boinas, Jacob Thompson,Toombs,
Tenable, Wallace, Wutkms, Wellborn, Williams, and
Woodward—60.
NAYS—Missis. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Anderson, A>hmun, Baker, Bennett, Bis*ell, Bokee,Booth,
Bowie, Brit'g^, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B.
Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell. Carttei, Chandler,
Cleveland, Conger, Corwin, Orowell, l)eberry, Dimmickj
Dixon, Diu.r, Duncan, Dunham, Duikee, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fitch. Fou ler, Freedley, Gerry, Giddings,
Gondenow, Go , Gould, Hall, Llalloway, Harlan, Thomas
L Harri-, Hebaid, Henry, liibbatd,Houston, Howe, Hunter,
William T Ja-Ason, Aruhew Johnson, Jones,Julian, James
G. Km«, Preston K.np, LiUlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, McDonald, McGaughey, McKissock,
, llob<;ir M. McLane, Meachom, Moore, Morris, Nelson,
i Newell, Ogle, Olds, Pea-lt-e, Peck, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
S Richardson, Risley, Robbing Robinson, Root, Rose, Rum-
! Miy, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sil-
: vester, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander fi. Stephens,
I Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweeper, Taylor,
1 James Thompson, Thnrman, Tuck, Underbill, Waldo,
Wentvvorth. White, Whittlesey, Wiidricb, Wilraot, Wm-
throp, Wood, and Young—314.
So the House decided that the further consider-
ation of "the resolution should not be postponed.
[Mr. Hampton, when his name was called,
stated that he had paired off. Therefore, he did
not vote.]
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to strike out the
time designated in the original resolution, and in-
sert " Thursday, at twelve o'clock"—
Mr. GOTT demanded the previous question.
Mr. STRONG, (to the Speaker.) Will the
Chair favor the House by stating what is ths
present condition of the question. Is there an
amendment pending?
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending. The original resolution proposes to
terminate debate in two hours after the Housa
shall again have gone into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the subject.
An amendment is proposed by the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] striking out the words
" two hours after the House shall again have gone
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union," and inserting, in lieu thereof, the woids
"Thursday, at twelve o'clock." And the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Gott] has demanded
the previous question.
