THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f 3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1850.
New Series No. ]9.
will give -it the proper direction and state the rea-
sons why it is done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. My worthy
friend, the honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Dawson,] labors under a very material misap-
prehension. The proposition is not to publish all
these names, nor to publish these sheets, but,
when this information is collected, it is to take the
same direction as it always has done before. The
information is to be classified and arranged and
put in a useful form, and when so condensed and
arranged, the results are to be printed.
The practice has been heretofore to make a wide
sheet for the enumerations; to put down together
all those of five years of age or under five, then of
ten, or between five and ten, and so on, rising by
fives, in the classification. • Well, sir, in order to
supersede that very troublesome labor, in which
you have to make a-great many classes, and are
subject to a good many errors, the committee
came to the conclusion that it would be less labor
to take the name of every individual and the age
of every individual; the place of residence being
also given in the caption, and the place of birth in
the answer. Every one may see how readily all
this can be taken down, and "the result that comes
out of it, and that there is less labor than the old
mode of taking the census of the various classes
into which it is divided. In the first place, the
caption gives the place of residence; the answer
gives, it' you please, the place of birth. That
shows where every person of the twenty million
inhabitants of the United States was born, whether
in a foreign country, or whether born in one State
and removed to another. It gives this information;
and from it you can make the exact classification.
If it is desirable to pursue the old method, as I think
it is, you can put down all between five and ten,
between ten and fifteen, and so on ; and you will
have call the material to do it, and in a form con-
densed in which it can be taken with great
facility. And not only have you a classification
of ages, but of birth-places and places of resi-
dence. It gives you all those born inaforeign
country—shows you the emigration from one
State to another—and all that information which
has been thought so desirable. It is these results
which it is proposed, when a classification and
arrangement has been made, should be printed,
and not the original sheets. We do not propose
any enlargement of the printing, but thatthc con-
densation shall be as great as it has always been.
We propose that the printed sheets shall be no
more numerous Chan they have always been.
Now, that it will tAke many sheets to collect this
information in any form is certain ; and I am not
very certain that my fiiend can show that if he
puts the classification in the usual form, it will cost
less than in the shape which we propose. The
expense will amount to much the same in propor-
tion- The taking the last census amounted to
about §1,000,000. What it will amount to now,
with the country greatly enlarged, I am unable to
say. It is a mere matter of conjecture for any one
to say. The estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury may be too great or too small, but this
matter is wholly within the power of Congress.
We have not proposed m this bill to make an
appropriation of $1,200,000, but only to appropri-
ate $150,000, supposing that to be a sum large
enough to put this law in operation. And, when
future appropriations are called for, Congress
holds the whole matter in its own hands, to regu-
late and govern it, according to its own discretion
and judgment. We do not propose to throw out
this $1^200,000, but simply to take preliminary
steps, and to leave the whole matter of futnre
appropriations in the hands of Congress. I believe,
&ir that has been the way in which the business
has been usually transacted.
And now, sir, one word with regard to the
printing. I want no extravagance in it. The
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] says let
the public printer do it. 1 ask the honorable Sen-
ator if we can compel him to do it ? If it is any
partof his contract? Provided you call upon him
to execute the printing which this bill will neces-
19
sariiy create, is he under any obligation to do it?
It has not been usual that this printing: should fall
under the regular and ordinary printing of Con-
gress.
Mr. BORLAND. If the amendment is adopt-
ed it will put this on the same footing with the
other public printing, and will come within the
contract.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, sir, let me observe that
this bill does not propose anything out of the usual
course. I believe the phraseology of the bill is
nearly the same as that of its predecessors on this
point have been. We have provided that the in-
formation shall be collected, classified, and ar-
ranged, and we have suggested that when that is,
done ii certain number of copies shall be ordered
to be printed. If gentlemen think that there is
any restraint necessary here, or thatfthere is any
danger that the printing will not be executed in an
economical manner, or that there will be any un-
due favoritism, I am entirely willing that economy
should be secured in this arrangement. Then let
me ask that this matter be committed to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, because when Congress passed
a law creating that Department, they expressly,
transferred the duty in regard to the census to that
office. The committee had no choice in the mat-
ter; the law had pointed out their duty in regard
to it, and they had followed what seemed to be
the expressed will of Congress in the matter, not
having themselves any choice as to the officer who
should carry this bill into execution, but taking
that gentleman whom the law itself pointed out
as the proper officer.
Mr. BADGER. I do not intend to enter into
any discussion on the amendment of the honora-
ble Senator from Arkansas, further than to say
that I think he couid notmake a more unfortunate
selection than to select the printers of Congress to
execute the printing necessary under this census
law, because I apprehend the printing requires to
be done expeditiously. As soon as this bill shall
pass and become a law, it is important that the
printing should be at once executed, and that the
various machinery should be set to work for the
accomplishment of the enumeration designated by
this bill. If any particular printer or printers are
to be designated by the bill, it appears to me it
would be better that this large amount of printing
should be perfoimed by any others than those
charged with the large amount of business fur-
nished by Congress. Senators will recollect that
this is the long session of Congress, that we shall
probably be in session during the whole of the
summer, and the continual demand for the print-
ing of documents ordered in the course of pro-
ceedings here, and the printing to be done under
the bill, will produce a conflict of interest, so that
either the printing in relation to the census, or that
which legitimately belongs now to the printers to
Congress, must be delayed. I am quite content
that "the printing shall be under the charge of an
officer who has a general charge of the subject, or
either one of the commissioners, although, 1 think,
they did, in the first instance, fail in the effectual
discharge of the particular duties committed to
them; and I would much rather confer the author-
ity on any one of the three commissioners than on
all three together, for this, I think, would give us
an effectual security that it would be performed.
I mentioned, when I addressed the Senate be-
fore, that my own opinion was—and that i had
entertained that opinion at the last session of Con-
gress when the question was before us—that the
statistical information should be disconnected from
the enumeration of the inhabitants. I stated that
I supposed the general sunse of the body was
against the view I entertained, and that therefore
I would not undertake to move an amendment;
but 1 have reason to believe that the notions which
I then entertained have met with the approbation
of a larger portion of the members of the Senate
than I supposed they would receive; and, Reliev-
ing it to be a matter of serious importance that
this separation should take place, i intend to sub-
mit a motion to take the sense of the Senate uporj
the subject.
Sir, it is a great operation to make an accurate
enumeration of the inhabitants of the country. It
is one on which, under our system of government,
it is of the highest importance that the utmost care
should be bestowed, and, as far as possible, abso-
lute accuracy of the result obtained.
Now this plan, by the way—and the thing has
grown from census to census—by which we throw
upon the marshals and their deputies—persona
not selected with any view to their qualifications
for this service, and especially for obtaining sta-
tistical information on this question—is, in my
opinion, vicious in itself, if only the census was to
be taken. Is there any gentleman here who would
be willing to pass a bill to intrust into the hands
of the marshals in a large mass of districts the col-
lecting of statistical information ? 1 trust not one.
They have no more capacity for that occupation,
in virtue of having superadded to it the duty of
making a correct enumeration of the inhabitants,
while the additional duty of making the enumera-
tion prevents the full and efficient discharge of
their trust.
Now, sir, in regard to the portion of country in
which I reside, and which I in part represent on this
floor, we are likely to suffer more in regard to ac-
curacy of the enumeration of our inhabitants, and
gain less by the collection ofstatistical information,
than can be said with regard to the inhabitants of
the more populous and eastern portions of the
United States. Ours is an agricultural country,
having a population which is but thinly spread
over it. What sort of accuracy is to be expected
in statistical information as to the products of the
various industrial pursuits of the southern portion
of the United States ? None whatever; but, on the
contrary, the deputy marshal and agent employed
in taking the census comes to a plantation where
he is to make an enumeration of the inhabitants.
He is paid—that I believe has always been the case
heretofore—by the amount of work done, the polls
embraced in his report to his principal oi chief. It
is obvious that he will hurry through everything
he has to do; that he will make very superficial
inquiries, in order that he may give an equally
superficial report as to the products of the planta-
tion on which he is employed. So far as i can un-
derstand this matter, this result is obvious.
Well, then, with regard to the more populous
portions of the country: it is clear that they are in
the possession of means which make it necessary
to furnish them with this information. Their sta-
tistics, as a general thing, are known; and where
they are not known they can easily be obtained.
Their population is dense, their resources are great;
and, after all, sir, my own opinion is—as was said
by the Senator from New Hampshire—that we
shall do much better to leave this question of sta-
tistics to the several States of the Union.
We are charged by the Constitution with the
performance of a high and important duty—that
of obtaining: an accurate, careful, and just enu-
meration of the inhabitants, because upon that
depends the representation of the people of the
United States in the other House, and the due ap-
portionment of the share of the public burdens of
the country. Why should we needlessly take
upon ourselves the discharge of duties which are
not imposed upon us? And, if we will assume
this duty, why should we unite it with another
operation with which it appears to have no just or
natural connection, and when the necessary and
inevitable result is, in a greater or Jess degree, to
render statistics uncertain and mischievous, and
the enumeration of the inhabitants entirely unreli-
able?
Now, sir, with regard to the population of my
State, 1 do not wish that it should be over-
looked, whatever the population may be. I do
not desire that a single man, woman, or child,
free or slave, actually resident within her borders,
should be omitted from the enumeration; but, on
the contrary, that we should have a just and care-
ful representation of the true state of the popula-
tion, whatever weight the constitutional rule gives
her to the administration in relation to the govern-
ment of the country. I believe it is directly th
