1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. STRONG said, that he was disposed to
meet ibe dispositions of the House, and that, if
the House desired it, he would so modify his res-
olution as to read " to-morrowat twelve o'clock."
[Cries of 14 Question/' "question."]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, he had no
desire to delay final action on this question longer
than delay might be acceptable to the House.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not debate. All I de-
sire to say is, that if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strong] will modify his resolution
in the manner indicated by him, 1 am content to
withdraw my amendment.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Strong ) Does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania modify his resolu-
tion ?
Mr. STRONG. I modify the resolution.
So the resolution was modified to read " to-mor-
r at two o'clock."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I withdraw my
amendment.'
So the amendment of Mr. Johnson was with-
drawn.
Mr. RUMSEY put an inquiry to the Chair, in
relation to the right of Mr. Strong to modify.
The SPEAKER said, that the gentleman had
a rijiht to modify at any time after the demand for
the previous question was made, and before it was
sustained.
Mr. RUMSEY requested his colleague [Mr.
Gott] to withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. GOTT withdrew it.
Mr. RUMSEY then moved to amend the ori-
ginal resolution, as modified, so as to strikeout
u to-morrow at two o'clock," and insert " m two
hours after going into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union," (i. e. plac ng the resolution
back in the form in which it was ortgnally offered
by Mr. Strong )
Mr. GOrr then renewed the demand for the
previous question.
There was a second. And the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now taken; (which main
question was, first, on the amendment of Mr.
Rumset.)
Mr. BAYLY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. I want to see who it is that in-
tends to cut off debate.
Mr. STANLY, (to the Speaker.) What does
the amendment propose?
The SPEAKER. That the debate shall close
in two hours after the House shall again go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. STANLY suggested that the resolution
proposed to terminate the debate at the time which
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
himself designated.
Mr. BAYLY. With that time I shall he satis-
fied. But the amendment proposes to close the
debate to-day.
The yeas and nays on the amendment were
ordered.
And the question on the amendment of Mr.
Rumset was then taken, and resulted—yeas 93,
nays 95; as follow: {
Yeas—.YIes=r-. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, A&hmun,
Benne't, Bingham,' BiasHI, Bokee, Booth, Bteek, Brings,
Hue), Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomis B. Butler, Joseph
0 ible, Calvin, C<unph€ II, Carttei, Cbdmile r, Cleveland, Con-
ger, Corwin, Dixon, Doty, Uuer, Duncan, Dunh.ari. Dnrkpo,
Nathan Ev.uis, Pitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gnrry, Guiding,
Gihnore, G  u, Gould, Halloway, Harlan, Hehaid, Hen?},
Uibhard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Ja< kson,
Andrew Juhnson, Jones, Julian, James G. King, John A.
King, Preston King, Luilefield, Horace Mann, Marshall,
M.ut<"-on, M<Donald, Mt G.uisshry, Meacham, Morris. Nel-
son, Newell, Ogle, Pea*-lt,e, Phoenix, Putnam, Reed, Ri-sk-y,
Robinson, Rose, Rumt-ey, Schenck, cicbenneihorn, School-
craft, Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stanlv, Thad. Steven?,
Stetson, Swe«tser, Tavlor, Tburman, Tuck, Underbill,
WermVorth, White, Wliittlesey, Wiluiot, Wmthrop, Wood,
and Young-—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, ANton, Anderson, A-he, Av-
erett, Baker, Bay, Bavly, Bocoek, Bowdon, Bowie, Boyd,
Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Burt, E. C. CabelL
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Williamson R. W.
Coiih, Coleoek, Conr.id, Poberry, Dnnmick, Edmundson,
Alexander Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Gentry, Goodeuow,
Gorman, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Ilaral-
son, S W. Hirri>,T. L. Harris, Ililhard, HoHaday, Holmes,
Howard, Hubbard. Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, J.imes L.
Johnson, Kohert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sfcre,
LeflW, Job Mann, Ma-on, McDowell, MeKivoek, Robert
M MeLnne, Finn E McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willic, Meade, MilKon, Moore, Mor>e, Morton, Old?, Orr,
O.Hl-iw, Owen, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Ron-
bin-, Root. Ro'f, Savage, Sawtelle, Shepperd, Frederick P.
Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Strong, Tiiomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wal-
do, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wildnck, Williams, and
Woodward—95.
So the amendment was rejected."
The question on the original resolution, as modi-
fied, was then taken and decided m the affirmative
without a division.
So the House determined that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the said subject, shall terminate to-morrow at two
o'clock.
Mr. STRONG moved to suspend the rules to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to resume the consideration of the
special order.
Fending this question—
On motion by Mr. WENTWORTH, a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Flouse adopt-
ed the resolution fixing the time for the close of
the debate u as laid on the table.
PROCEEDINGS UPON THE LATE DEATH.
Mr. McWiLLlE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, made the following report, viz:
The Committee on Printing, to winch was referred the
le-olution from the Senate in favor of publishing 10,0-0
copies for the um; of the Senate, and 20,000 copies for the
use of the Hotne, of a pamphlet containing the proceedings
and icmaiks in both Houses of Congress on the lamented
dcaih of Zachary Taylor, late Presnlentof the United States,
report, that thoj h-tve had the same under consideration,
and recommend the adoption of the resolution o( the Sen-
ate. '1 he eommutce further repmt, that the co*t wid be
about ten cents per copy, or $2,000 for the 20.000 copies or-
dered for the m>e o( this Hou -e.
The resolution of the Senate, which was thus
brought before the House for its action, is in the
following words:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Reprfeentativpj., under the direction of tlip
Committee of Airangempnts, causp to h* printed 10,' 00
copies for the tv-e of the Senate, and 20,OCO copies foi the
use of the Hou«e, of a pamphlet containing the proceedings
and remarks in both House-* of Congress on th<= lamented
death of Zacharj Tnvlor, late President of the United States ;
together with the funeral arrangements and the discourse of
the R'-v. Dr. Pjne on that solemn and impiessive occasion.
The question was on the adoption of the reso-
lution.
In reply to an inquiry, as to the probable cost
of this printing—
Mr. McWILLIE said, that the copies would
cost about $2,000, or ten cents for each copy, pub-
lished in a similar style to that of the pamphlet
(which he held in his hand) published by Congress,
containing the proceedings relative to the death of
Mr. Calhoun.
He ?ent up to the Chair a letter received from Mr.
Ritchie, which heasked to have read, whicii waived
his right?, under the contract as public printer, in
this ca?e, and left it with the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of (his House to contract upon
the best terms for the printing of this document.
The letter of Mr. Ritchie was read by the Clerk,
as follows:
Washington, Tuesday morning.
Dear Sir: Mv attention has been called to a resolution
from the Sena*c, and referred bv the FJoa«e of Representa-
tives to the Committee on Punting, of which you are the
chanman. It relates to the printing of thirty thousand
copies of the culoeies in both Houses, with othei transac-
tions connected with the funeral honors paid to the deceased
President of the United States.
Although it i« completely clear to see, that the printing of
this pnmphb t folk within the contract for the public print-
ing. with which Jam connected,and although lam satisfied,
from the advice of counsel, that the job would he done
under the nrrlv piofitable part of the contract; yet, so great
h my confidence in the justice and magnanimity of Con-
gress that thev will grant a liberal relief from the other veiy
oppse«ive part' of ihe contiact, and so great mv desire that
this pamphlet should be executed in the b «t stvle of"which
the American Press is susceptible, that I cheerfully yield
any interest that I may have in its execution.
We could do the work very handsomely in the Union
office; but there are some appliances tri the printing art to
be obtained in Philadelphia, or other cities in the North,
which would enable their Pre^s to execute the work in a
more elegant style than we could display.
Therefore, to rid you of any embarrassment which vour
general printing contract would impose upon you, J hereby
beg leave to be understood, that all the obligations of the
contract are dispensed with on my part; and i hope that
you will take ail the necess>iy mean« to have the work
executed mthe most elegantstyle wbieh suit*thisdignified
occasion. Verv respectfully, THOMAS RITCHIE*
To Colonel McWilmf,
Chairman of Printing Committee.
Durin? the reading—
Mr. CARTTER interposed, and inquired what
this letter had to do with the resolution before the
House.
The SPEAKER replied, that the gentleman from
Mississippi, who was entitled to the floor, was
having the letter read as a part of his remarks.
The reading of the letter having been concluded,
Mr. McWILLIE said that he had called for the
reading of the letter of Mr. Ritchie for the reason
that this printing falling within the contract for the
general printing, it was necessary, for the purpose
of having the work done in a manner desirable to
the House and the nation, that this contract should
be released. This was the object of procuring the
letter from IVJr. Ritchie.
While he had the floor, he would make a remark
with reference to the inquiry wluch had yesteiday
been made as to when the second part of the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior accompanying
the President's message would be ready for deliv-
ery. He was informed that it would be ready in
the course of the present week. He would fur-
ther state, that the first volume of the Patent Office
report was stereotyped and ready for the press,
and would be delivered as soon as it was possible
to work it off— sav m some ten or fifteen days.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the commu-
nication which had just been tead to the House te
referred to the select committee on the public
printing.
The SPEAECER said that that communication
was not before the House for its action—being a
paper in the possession of the gentleman from
Mississippi, and which had been read as a part of
his remarks.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] gives his consent
to the reference. I move that it be referred.
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made the
paper will be refeired.
Objection was made.
Mr. DUERaaid he understood Mr. Ritchie in
his letter to claim that this printing came within
his contract. Was that so?
[Ones of " Yes."}
He understood, moreover, that Mr. Ritchie ex-
pressed a willingness to release Congress from
j their contract with an assumed liberality which he
(Mr. I> ) would not question, and with the ex-
pression of the hope that Congress would act
with liberality in reference to the general contiact—
or something to that effect. Now he (Mr. D )
was unwilling to take any course at this time
which should indicate the willingness of Congress
to release the public punter from his contract. That
gentleman was understood to have made a very
profitable contract, and to have received extra com-
pensation. He (Mr. D.) should be unwilling
at this time to release him from a contract which
he said was not as profitable. He hoped, therefore,
this resolution would be modified so as to provide
that the printing should be done in the usual man-
ner.
Mr. JOHN" A. KINGinquiret! if the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] had said any-
thing m reference to the second part of the Patent
Office report? He desired to know what were
the prospects as to the publication of that repoif,
and what was proposed to be done in reference to
it by the commtUee.
Mr. McWILLIE replied, that he had said noth-
ing upon this subject. It would be some four or
five weeks before the first part could be worked
off; as soon as that was done he supposed the sec
ond part would be ready for the press. *
He remarked that the inducement to take the
printing of this pamphlet from the operation of the
general contract was, the desire, if it were to be
done at all, that it should be done in aright man-
ner. If executed under the contract, it would be
published in the ordinary pamphlet form, and not
with that neatness which was desirable.
Mr. CARTTER inquired of the chairman of
the Committee on Printing whether he had the
authority of ihe contractor for the printing for
saying that he could riot execute this job ?
Mr. McWILLIE replied, that, on the contrary,
the letter just read stated that the contractor could
do this work.
Mr. CARTTER. Very well; then let him go
on and do it.
Mr. CONRAD. He says he can do it, but not
in the proper style.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked for the reading
of the resolution. He desired to know whether it
released the printer from the contract.
The resolution was read, (asabove.)
Mr. DUER said he proposed to amend the reso-
lution by adding a proviso, that the eaid printing
should not be done in a manner to violate any
existing contract.
