1850.
TftE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
taken, for I know that Mr. Thomas Allen was the
printer for the House of Representatives, and that j
there was no printer to the two Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. DOWNS. I am credibly informed that
there were public printers, and that Mr. Allen
printed the compendium, and that some contro-
versy arose about the matter at the time.
Mr. SMITH, (in hia-seat.) Well, I maybe
mistaken.
Mr. DOWNS, (continuing.) While T am up,
Mr. President, there is one other matter I will
advert to.
Mr. SMITH, (in his seat.) I should not be
too confident about it; it may be so.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, if I understand
the Senator from Connecticut aright, he intimated
that this printing, if not given to the public printer,
was to be given to the lowest bidder. Will it not,
according to the law, go to the printers of the Ex-
ecutive Departments ? Will this be given out by
itself to the lowest bidder by the Secretary of the
Interior > or will the printer now employed by the
department have it' The Senator appears to
speak upon'authority; and I should like to know
what will probably be the course upon that subject.
Mr. SMITH, (resuming.) Mr. President, I
have heard a good deal, upon several occasions,
about my speaking by authority. I do not know
how often that sort of suggestion is to be made in
the presence of the Senate, or what honorable
Senators suppose that they are to gain by it, either
one way or another. I have already stated to the
honorable Senator that I am totally opposed to
vesting the power in the Secretary of the Interior,
or giving him any discretionary authority upon the
subject.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the Senator allow me? I
thoughtthe gentleman's argument was based upon
the fact that this printing was to be given out to the
lowest bidder. As to his speaking by special au-
thority, it appears to be generally conceded that he
has as much authority as any other man. I should
like to have ."his opinion stated, at any rate, upon
the fact; he may state it or not, however, as he
pleases; I will not insist upon it.
Mr. SMITH. I do not know what the Secre-
tary of the Interior would do; but although I have
a proper confidence in him, as I have repeatedly
stated, I think it should now be understood that I
am not for intrusting him with any arbitrary au-
thority under the act; and if the amendment of
my friend from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] be re-
jected, I propose to make an addition to the last
clause of the 20th section, which will impose upon
the Secretary of the Interior the obligation to let
the printing out by contract, so that he will have
no discretion in the matter. But I desire to return
to the amendment of my worthy friend.
The bill, as reported from the committee, re-
quires that the preparatory printing shall be let
out by contract. Now, the gentleman proposes
to give it to the printers of Congress; though he
has already intimated to us his opinion that the
public printer cannot possibly execute this con-
tract, and says that he proposes to bring in a
proposition to guard against this evil. What is
that proposition to be? I have been unable to
ascertain what it is to be. Is it to return to the
old system ?—I will not say of subsidizing the pub-
lic press, for I have no idea that my friend would
be actuated by such motives. But it is said that
the public printers cannot execute the contract;
and what are we to do ? I would say that I am
not for subsidizing the press of the city, either the
Whig or the Democratic press—either the one or
the other. But I have this to say, that if these
bidders cannot execute the contract, I will deal
with them generously. I do not desire to enforce
the penalty which they have voluntarily incurred;
but I shall insist that the work be given'into the
hands of the next lowest bidder, and so go on,
ascending in the list, until we get to somebody
who is willing to execute the work. As to the
scheme of giving the printing, at this late day, to
the political press of this city, it is a proposition
which I shall resist to [the uttermost and at all
times. . . .
Now, my friend here has a proposition which is
to turn round upon a pivot. In the firet piace, it
looks to the employment of these very printers
whom the honorable Senator says cannot possibly
execute this contract; andvthen in the event of
their failure, to the election^of a public printer by
the Senate; and that matter, we all know, will be
settled by the dominant party; and thus all the
printing, under this bill will be transferred to the
Union officc, which will hand over a large sum of
the public money to the proprietors of that con-
cern. I do not say that my friend designs any
such thing, but I know that such will be the effect
of it, provided his views are carried out. Now,
sir, I am for adhering to the contract system. I
am for having the 21st section stand as it is, and
for altering the 20th section, as already indicated.
But I have another consideration still to submit,
Mr. President; and that is, that these public
printers, in view of their engagements, cannot ex-
ecute this work. I say that they cannot possibly
execute the preparatory printing in time. When
will this bill be carried through the other branch?
Can any man tell? It ought to be passed imme-
diately, for the enumeration is to take place on the
1st of June, or about that time. The preparatory
printing is to be done, and the blanks are to be
distributed before that time, over thirty States—to
be sent to our new acquisitions on the Pacific, foj*
aught I know; for I suppose weare to havea census
taken in California and New Mexico, whether they
are admitted as States or not; and, therefore, the
honorable chairman of the committee on the census
has done right in urging the matter upon our im-
mediate consideration. It will take some time to
carry the bill through the two Houses of Congress,
and it should be as soon as possible sent to the
House of Representatives. Having been for ten
years a member of the House, I have some pretty
good reasons for believing that if^hebill is carried
through in all the month of March or April, it will
be expedited a good deal more than business ordi-
narily is in that body. In the mean time, we are
to oppress the public printer. We have got a
sharp contract, a hard stipulation, and therefore
are to put upon him the immense labor of all sorts
of printing; and instead of opening this work to
the competition of the whole typographical corps
of this city, it is really now proposed to charge
somebody with this duty—nobody knows who—
apparently the present printer, with the admission
that he cannot execute the contract, anticipating
the election of a printer, or a recurrence to the old
system. Thus we are to throw the printing into
one of the political establishments of the city.
Though I have no idea that my excellent friend
contemplated any such thing, yet, unless my sug-
gestion can be carried out—to give it to the lowest
bidder, and so on, rising until we find some one
willing to do the work—the census is to be carried
into the Union office. Well, sir, 1 would just as
soon it should go to the Union office as to any
other. They are good and respectable citizens.
But I am utterly opposed to the proposed manner
of sending it there.
I am opposed also to the existing system of
printing. It must be amended; and I trust that
before the present Congress is over, we may have
some plan of doing the Congressional printing
which will secure accuracy, good quality, expedi-
tion, and all the otner elements which are indis-
pensable to the transaction of business by Con-
gress. I intend, sir, to resist now, and at alf times
hereafter, the connection of the public printing
with the political press of this city, whether upon
the one side or upon the other. I therefore insist
that the 21st section is exactly right; and with re-
spect to the preceding section, all that is required
is simply the addition of four or five words such
as 1 have already suggested to the Senate. In this
manner economy will be observed, and the public
interests in all respects be preserved.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I do not rise at
this late hour of the day 
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to have one paragraph read from the
law ? I suppose, Mr. President, that the thing is
already provided for by law; and I wish the Sec-
retary to read the law which regulates the printing
of documents.
The Secretary read the law, providing nearly as
follows:
" That the job printing, stationery, and binding of each
of the Executive Departments shall, until otherwise di-
rected by law, be furnished by contract, proposals for which
shall be regularly advertised m the public prints ; the cla**
<wid description of the printing to he specified in each ad-
vertisement, as far as that can be done, and Jt be made a
condition in all eases, unless otherwise specifically stated
in the advertisement, that the work shall be done m the
city of Washington; and the contract in such cas«s, so for
as the proposals and acceptance shall enable a contract to
fee made, shall be civen to the lowest bidder, whose pro-
posal shall be accompanied With proper testimonials of the
ability of the bidder to execute the contract.'5
Mr. FOOTE. It is not my intention at this
late period of the day, tor detain the Senate with
an extended harangue. It is unnecessary that I
should do so. The amendment introduced by the
honorable Senator from Askansas [Mr. Borland]
has been already sufficiently defended by others; •
but, as I shall sustain it in part upon a ground not
yet very precisely stated, 1 will detain the Senate
long enough only to allow of its presentation. It is
no part of my purpose, sir, to enter into the field of
discussion already so completely occupied by the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.}
This is a subject which, in all its various bearings,
I do not doubt, the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut has more thoroughly mastered than any
member of this body. Upon a mere question of
official emolument—a question of the comparative
profits of one or another scheme of driving pecu-
niary bargains with those whose employment may
be demanded by the public exigencies—I cannot
doubt that the whole Senate would willingly defer
to the superior judgment and tact of the honorable
"Senator from Connecticut. I beg leave to suggest,
though, that the honorable Senator upon this oc-
casion has fallen into the use of terms which are
not very highly calculated to add to the dignity of
this body, or to elevate the self-esteem of his as-
sociates here. He speaks of shaving—talks about
our making sharp contracts with persons whom we
employ to do the public printing, &c. Now, sir,
though I do not doubt that we have sometimes en-
tered into contracts with gentlemen toexecuteprint-
ing for us which turned out to be unprofitable, and
even deeply injuuous to individual contractors,
yet I do not know any instance in which this body
could be justly charged either of shaving or over-
sharpness; nor do I believe that a case will ever
arise in which .this august legislative council will
refuse to liberate those who enter into contracts
which result in serious pecuniary dctiiment, or
deny recompense for losses actually sustained, in
cases where there is no appearance of default on
the part of the individuals thus suffering by their
connection with us. I am familiar with the course
of this body in relation to matters of this kind for
several years past; and I beg to assure the honor-
able gentleman that when he shall have been
among us a little while longer, he will find us any-
thing but an assemblage of shavers and sharpers.
Mr, President, I must confess, that I was not
very peculiarly gratified at what fell from the
honorable gentleman in reference to subsidizing the
press of this city. The honorable gentleman em-
phatically avers that he will never engage in any
scheme for subsidizing the public press. Mt he!
He will never consent to the public money being
used to extinguish editorial independence, and cor-
rupt the whole newspaper press of this city, or any
part of it. Well, sir, this is truly a commendable
resolution, and I would advise him to adhere to it
firmly; but does he really think that there is any
person in power in Washington, either in the two
Houses of Congress or elsewhere, who would
undertake this abominable work of subsidization ?
Does he think so poorly of his brother Senators as
to suppose that any of them would stoop so low
as to attempt to control the newspaper press of
Washington by the bestowal of pecuniary lar-
gesses? Does he know any press here that could
be bought up and controlled by bribing contracts?
1 hope not, sir, I believe not, sir. I feel that 1 can
answer promptly for the high-minded conductors
of one journal published in this city, whose char-
acters place them far, very far, indeed, beyond the
reach of any arrows which may be launched even
from the bow of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut.
Mr. MANGUM, (in his seat.) The National
Era, I suppose.
Several Senators, (in their seats.) " The Na-
tional Era!" "The National Era!" [Laughter.]
Mr FOOTE. No, sir. I do not mean the
National Era. I mean the democratic journal pub-
lished in this city. It is not for me, sir, to defend,
in a regular way, other lespectable newspapers
here; but I really hope and believe that there is
not one of them that could be bought up in the
manner evidently apprehended by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut. Sir, perhaps it would
be unseemly for me to take it upon myself to ad-
vise the honorable Senator upon a point of mer^
