i tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
bate had gone far enough* and, with a view to |
terminate it, he demanded"the previous question, ;
in order that the House might pass to the con-
sideration of more important matters. He trusted
the House would second the demand.
Several gentlemen appealed to Mr. J. to with-
draw, but he declined
Mr. CONRAD urgently requested the gentle-
men from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to withdraw
the demand for the previous question, not for the
purpose of enabling him (Mr. C.) to make a
speech, but in order to allow him to suggest
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Duer] a
modification of his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will withdraw the motion
for the purpose of explanation, or to enable the
gentleman to suggest an amendment; but not for
a speech. And I reserve my right to the floor.
So the demand for the previous question was
♦ withdrawn.
Mr. CONRAD (scarcely heard) was then un-
derstood to say, it was important, in view of the
objects to be attained, that the documents should
be printed within an early period, as they would
otherwise lose much of their interest. He sug-
gested. therefore, to thegentleman from New York,
[Mr. Duer,] so to modify his amendmentas to in-
sert words to this effect, " provided the committee
should ascertain that the printing can be done
within a reasonable time."
Mr. DUER declined to modify his amendment;
but suggested that the gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Conrad] could offer an amendment to the
effect indicated.
Mr. CONRAD resumed his seat.
Mr. JONES, and Mr. JOHNSON of Arkan-
saw, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER assigned the floor to
Mr. JONES, who proceeded to speak.
Mr. JOHNSON claimed his right to the floor.
The SPEAKER affirmed his previous assign-
ment of it.
And some animated conversation followed.
Mr. HOUSTON then rose to a point of order.
Mr. JONES claimed the floor.
The. SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Del-
aware [Mr. Houston] had risen to a pointoforder.
The gentleman would state his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON then stated, that thegentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] held the floor, and
that he h#d, by a courtesy always acknowledged
by this House, given way to the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] to allow him to make
an explanation, or to suggest an amendment—the
gentleman explicitly stating, that he reserved his
right to the floor. Now, he (Mr. H.) desired to
understand the effect which this decision was to
have upon the House. If this decision was to be
sustained, it was manifest that no member who
was entitled to the floor would hereafter give way
by courtesy or otherwise -
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The statement
of fart«a, ns given by thegentleman from Delaware,
[tMr. Houston,] is different from the state of facts
as understood by the Chair. If the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] had yielded the
floor for explanation, but retaining his right to it,
the Chair would have awarded the floor to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is exactly the state of
the case.
The SPEAKER. The ground upon which the
Chair gave the floor to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] was, that the gentleman from
Aikansas [Mr. Johnson] had yielded the floor to
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] not
4 retaining the right to it himself.
Mr. JOHNSON. Hear the testimony. There
are several gentlemen near me, who could state
what the precise condition of things was.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman merely
yielded fur explanation, or even if remarks beyond
an explanation were indulged, the Chair would
still recognize the gentleman yielding, as entitled
to the floor. But the decision of the Chair in this
case is based upon the ground that the gentleman
from Arkansas yielded the floor unconditionally.
Mr. HOUSTON. My point of order was based
upon the fact, that the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] had expressly reserved his right
to the floor. Whether the gentleman from Loui-
siana [Mr. Conrad] intended to make an explana-
tion or not, is not material; and as 1 cannot con-
cut in the propriety of the decision of the Chair, I
must, with enure respect, appeal fiom it.
The SPEAKER. From what decision does
the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Houston] ap-
peal ?
Mr. HOUSTON. From the decision of the
Speaker, by which, under the circumstances of
the case, the floor was assigned to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] in preference to the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.]
The SPEAKER. At the time the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] yielded the floor,
there was great confusion in the Hall, as, unfortu-
nately for the deliberations of this body, is too often
the case. But if the gentleman from Arkansas
will now state that he yielded the floor to thegen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Conrad] for expla-
nation, reserving to himself the right to the floor,
and stating at the time that he did so reserve it,
the Chair will recognize the gentleman's right to
the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, from his
own knowledge, affirmed the fact, that Mr. John-
son had reserved his right to the floor.
Mr. JONES gave his impression of the facts as
they occurred.
Some conversation followed.
The SPEAKER called on the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to make his statement.
1 Mr. JOHNSON stated the facts, (as given in
this report )
Mr. FOWLER affirmed the statement of the
gentleman from Delaware, [Mr# Kousion.]
Upon this state of facts—
The SPEAKER said, the Chair must award j
the floor to the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. i
Johnson] # i
Mr. JOHNSON resumed the floor, and said; I 1
now demand the previous question, so that further-'
debate may be arrested. j
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, desired to be informed)
by the Speaker, whether it would now be m or- i
der to move that the whole subject be laid upon !
the table?
The SPEAKER said, such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. CABLE. I move that the whole subject
be laid upon the table.
Messrs. JONES, CONRAD, and POTTER,
asked the yeas and nays, which were refused.
A brief conversation followed on a point of or-
der between Mr. McClernand and the Speaker.
The question, " Shall the whole subject be laid
upon the table?'' was then taken, and decided in
the negative, without a division.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid upon the table.
And the question recurred and was taken on the
demand for the previous question.
There wat a second.
And the main question (first, on the amendment
of Mr. Duer) was ordered to be now taken.
The amendment was read.
The question was then taken and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
And, as thus amended, the resolution was con-
curred in.
NEW MEXICO AND UTAH.
Mr. STRONG moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of resuming the consid-
eration of the special order.
Mr. JONES was understood to inquire of the
Speaker, whether this was not a joint resolution
which required the signature of the President?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the question was one for the House, and not for
the Speaker to decide.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Strong; and, having been decided in the affirm-
ative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mc-
Lane, of Maryland, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special order of the day,
being the reports of the Committee on Elections
in the cases of the application of H. N. Smith,
Esq., and A. W. Babbit, Esq., to be admitted to
seats in this House as Delegates from the Territo-
ries of New Mexico and Utah.
Mr. ASHE, being entitled to the floor, said: Mr.
Chairman, the excessive and almost insufferable
warmth of the weather, must be taken ss my apol-
ogy for the few and incoherent remarks which I will
offer to the House on the matter now pending before
it. As one of the Committee on Elections, I can
now say that this application from New Mexico re-
ceived at their hands a most sedulous examination.
I agree entirely with the majority in the report
and the accompanying resolutions submitted by
them, and will further say, that any other conclu-
sion on their part would not only have been in-
compatible with the usages and practices of
Congress, but in direct antagonism with the Con-
stitution of the United States. In making this
broad declaration, I intend to cast no censure on
the minority who made a contrary report. We
have all to abide the workings of our respective
judgments. The minority thought in one way,
reasoned in one way, and concluded in that way.
The majority, actuated by a desire no less fervent
to discharge their duty properly and correctly,
from the same facts deduced opposite and contrary
conclusions. As the chairman, in his speech and
report, has most ably argued the merits of the case,
I think it is idle for me to make any extended re-
marks.
I will, therefore, be brief. In order to deter-
mine correctly the relation which New Mexico
bears to the "Union, we should previously exam-
ine the relation which subsisted between New-
Mexico and old Mexico, previous to our ta-
king possession of it. We have good and indis-
putable authority for the position, that there were
nineteen States composing the Mexican confed-
eracy, anterior to the separation of Texas from
that confederacy. New Mexico was not recog-
nized as one of these nineteen States, but, on the
contrary, was considered as a territory attached to
Coahuila and Texas. Its settlement was indeed
much anterior in time to either of them, but it
never possessed the capacity to emerge from a ter-
ritorial condition. This fact is not at all impugned
by the consideration that this territory was pos-
sessed of a Provincial Council, invested with le-
giplative powers; for its legislation merely ex-
tended to municipal regulations. We should bear
in mind that Coahuila and Texas formed one of the
Mexican States; the first-named lying on the west
of the Rio Grande; the last, Texas, lying on the
east of that river. As early as the year 1827,
there was an attempt made to establish a separate
and independent Republic, called Fredonia, com-
posed of Coahuila and Texas. If that attempt
had been successful, would not New Mexico, as
attached territory, have followed in their wake?
I am clearly of that opinion. But should New
Mexico, in the event of the Texan revolution, be
considered as an incident of Coahuila on the west,
or of Texas on the east of the Rio Grande? (I of
course refer only to that portion of New Mexico
lying east of the Rio Grande.) The last is her true
position. The diplomatic history of the United
States will throw considerable light on this point.
In the treaty of 1803, by which we acquired from
France, Louisiana, it was carefully stipulated that
all the rights m their fullest extent resulting to
France from the treaty of lldefonso, made between
France and Spam, should accrue to the United
States, and under that provision our Government
did not hesitate to claim all the country lying east
of the Rio Grande. This was certainly the opin-
ion, not only of Mr. Jefferson, but of every other
distinguished statesman of that day; and it was in
accordance with the correctness of this claim on
our part, that, when we conveyed away Texas to
Spain, as a part of the consideration of the pur-
|l chase of Florida, both of the high contracting
i| parties (Spain and the United States) adopted ana
| made the Red river as the proper boundary be-
'l tween the two countries as far west as 100° of 1 un-
it gitude west of London, and from thence due north
I' to the Arkansas river, following the course of the
|j Arkansas to its source in 42° of latitude, thence by
ij that parallel of latitude to the South sea. What
country were we engaged in conveying away?
1 Was it not Texas? What country, then, did these
boundaries circumscribe ? Was it not Texas ? If
this country, so described, was not a part of Texas,
but a possession of Spain, why the particularity
of this boundary ? 1 apprehend it would have
been more convenient, as well as more consistent
with the usages of nations, to have established a
common line of demarcation until the possession
of Spain was arrived at, and from thence to have
made the boundary of such possessions the divi-
ding line between the two countries; and the de-
viation from that usage m this case clearly demon-
strates that the country so circumscribed and
