*394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Feb. 6,
CALLS ON THE STATES.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order would be the call of the committees for re-
ports.
Mr. KAUFMAN now submitted the motion he
had suggested, that by unanimous consent the
States and Territories which had not been called
in their order, should be called for the space of
half an hour for such resolutions and bills as
would not give rise to debate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, inquired of the
Speaker whether this motion would interfere with
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER said, in the opinion of the
Chair the morning hour had now commenced,
reports from committees having been called for.
And the half hour would be deducted from the
morning hour, if the House should consent to the
motion of the-gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Kauf-
man.!
Mr. STEPHENS said he did not object.
And thereupon the House, by unanimous con-
sent, agreed that the States and Territories not
heretofore called, should be called (for the space
of half an hour) for such resolutions and bills (of
which previous notice had been given) as did not
give riee to debate.
Mr. PHELPS, on leave, introduced the following
bills, of which previous notice had been given;
which were read twice, and referred, viz:
A bill to amend an act entitled u An act to pro-
vide for the payment of horses and other property
lost or destroyed in the military service of the
United States." Referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
A bill authorizing the courts of the United States
to adopt the practice of the State courts in civil
cases. Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill granting to the State of Missouri the right
of way and a donation of public lands, for the con-
struction of a railroad from Independence to Fort
Smith, in said State. Referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
A bill granting to the State of Missouri the right
of way and a donation of public lands, for the con-
struction of a railroad from Lexington, in the State
of Missouri, to Ohio City, in the mouth of the Ohio
river, in the said State. Refeired to the Committee
on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, .
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post route* in the State ofMis>oui i:
From Lexington to Georgetown ; fiom Naveho, via Giand
Falls, to Ciavvford Seminary; and from Giand Falls!, via
Perseverance to Enterprise.
Mr. BOWLIN introduced, by leave, upon pre-
vious notice, the following bills:
A bill to relinquish to the city of St. Louis
"Quarantine Island,** and ail vacant unappropri-
ated lands within her coiporate limits.
Also, a bill granting to the States of Missouri and
Arkansas, ccrtain swamp lands, for the purpose of
reclaiming them, and increasing the value of the
public lands in the vicinity thereof; which were
severally read a first and second time,and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. B. also asked leave to introduce a bill for
the establishment of an additional term of the Dis-
trict Court of the United States at St. Louis, and
for the increase of the compensation of the judge.
Objection was made, and the bill was not intro-
duced,
Mr. BAY presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Missouri respecting the school lands with-
in the limits of said State.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of the
said State, asking for a donation of land to the sol-
diers in the military service of the United States in
the war of 1812.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, asking for a grant of the right of way through
the pubhclands,and a donation of the alternate sec-
tions, to the Mississippi and Missouri Railroad
Company, to aid in the construe ion of said road.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Mis-
souri, asking a donation of land /or every petson,
head of a family, or who may hereafter become
such; which were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BAY also introduced, on leave, the following;
hills, which were read twice and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, viz:
A bill for the relief of Nicholas Lachance and
others; and
A bill for the payment of the debts due the heirs
of Antoine Peltier.
On motion by Mr. BAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of rescinding, or
modifying, a resolution adopted by the House, of Represent-
atives on the 4th of May, 1848, requiring the Clerk to pro-
cure u map of the public lands in each State, showing the
state of the survey, and also what has been sold.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, introduced the
following resolution*, which was read and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That th£ Secretary of the War Department be
requested to furnish to the House of Representative# the re-
port and map of Lieut. Simpson, ofthe Corps otTopogiaphi-
cal Engineeis, of the route fiom Fort Smith, Arkansas,
to Santa F<*, in conformity with the sutvey made in 1849;
together with such other authentic information, in connec-
tion with the same subject, as may be in the posse.-sion of
that Department.
On motion by Mr. GREEN, leave was granted
to take from the files of the House the petition
and papers of Frederick Dent; and they were re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
following resolutions and memorials of the Gen-
eral'Assembly of Arkansas, viz :
1. Memorial to extend a mail route from Na-
poleon, via Rockroe, to Batesville, in steamboats;
also a stage line from St. Louis, Missouri, via
Batesville, Arkansas, to Little Rock.
2. Also, a memorial for the establishment of a
mail route from Charlestown, Franklin county,
via the Narrows of Big Creek, to Sugar Loaf, in
Crawford county.
3- Also, a memorial for the establishment of a
mail route from Brownvillc, in Scott county, to
Ozark, in Franklin county, in said State.
4. Also, a memorial asking a change of the mail
service and transportation between Little Roek
and Batesville, in Independence county, from a
tri-weekly horse to a tri-weekly stage line, with
four-horse post-coaches.
5. Also, resolutions requesting for the southern
mail route leading from Little Rock to Washing-
ton, Hempstead county, a four-horse tri-weekly
post-coach.
6. Also, a resolution asking for a weekly mgil
route, on horseback, from Antoine, in Clark coun-
ty, Arkansas, to Clarkville, in Texas, by way of
Murfreesborough, in Pike county, Arkansas.
7. Also, a resolution asking for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Clarksville, Johnson
county, to St. Paul's, in Madison county.
8. Also, a memorial asking for an extension of
the mail route from Arkadeiphia to the residence
of Alexander B. Chngman; which memorials and
resolutions were severally referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BUEL, on leave granted in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill granting lands
to the refugees who took part in support of the
late struggle of Hungary to achieve her liberty
and independence; which was read twice and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUBBARD expressed the desire to move
instructions to the committee in connection with
the bill, but it was not then in order.
Mr. BUEL also presented the following resolu-
tion, which, under the iu)e, lies over:
Resulted, That the President be ifcquested (if not incon-
sistent with the pnhhc intere.-t) to communicate to this
House the instructions given to the "agent m Europe,"
who, according to his late annual message, was invested by
him "with power to dcclare our willingness promptly to
recognise the independence " of Hungary, " in the event of
her ability to sustain it;5" together with copies of any and
all correspondence in possession of this Government con-
cerning the recognition of Hungarian independence, had
either with said agent or any person acting in behall of Hun-
gary.
On motion by Mr. BUEL, the joint resolution of
the State of Michigan, heretofore laid on the table
and printed, relative to the transportation of the
United States mail through Canada, was taken
from the table and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the joint resolution of the State of Michi-
gan, heretofore laid on the table and printed, rela-
tive to a donation of lands by the United States
for the erection of State asylums for the insane,
deaf, dumb, and blind, was taken from the table
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. HOWARD, it was
Resolved, The the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to
carry into effect the provisions of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, to restrain the incurious into Mexico of the Indian
tribes located within the limits of the United States; and
furihei to provide f-uitable measures to prevent Indicit^hos-
tiluies on the western frontiers of Texas.
Mr. KAUFMAN introduced, on leave, a bill to
establish an additional District Court of the United
States in the eastern portion of Texas; which was
twice read and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. KAUFMAN introduced the following res-
olutions:
Resolved, That after the admission of a State into the
Union, Congress has no right to legislate upon, oi curtail'
the bou.ir'arms of said State, without her consent.
Risolved, That the original jurisdiction oi the Supreme
Court is conferred by the Constitution, and cannot be cn-
Idigi d m diminished by Congress, and that the Constitution
confers no jurisdiction on the Supreme Couil to settle eon-
tinversies between the States and Territoitcs.
Resolved, That under the joint resolution* of annexation,
the onlv power over the boundaries of Texn* given to the
United States was,to adjust all questions of boundary with
other Governments," and that when thu*acting m this trust
capacity, any light of letritorv acquired witlnnthe bounda-
ries of Texas by her law, defined h\ the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, inures to the benefit of the State of Texas.
Mr. PRESTON KING gave notice of his in-
tention to discuss these resolutions, consequently
they he over one day under the rule.
On motion by Mr. DOTY, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be insti ueted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing the following post routes, to wit:
From Green Bay to Bridgeport, Men.i.-hci, Manekuna,
Omro, Waukan, Berlin, Bluftton, Hamilton, Marquette,
Kingston, and Rock Hill, to Fort Wmntbago.
From Maiutoowac to Menasha, in the State of Wiscon-
sin.
Also, from Green Bay to Munomonee river, Badanoe. and
Cliff Mines, to Fort Wilkms, and from Badanoe to Sault
St. Mane.
Mr. LEFFLER, on leave, introduced a bill to
grant to the State of Iowa the right of way and
a portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of a inshoad fiom Dubuque, via Iowa
city, to Keokuck, in said State; which was read
twice and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
"Also, a bill granting the right of way and a por-
tion ofthe public lands of the United States to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Daven-
port, in the State of Mississippi, via Iowa City,
Washington, and Rackoon Forks, of the Des
Moines, to Council Bluffs, in the State of Missouri;
which were severally read and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill to provide for the removal of ob-
structions to the navigation of the Des Moines
and Rock River Rapids; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, submitted a reso-
lution, which was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Hue greatness of a nation depe'nds
mainly upon its productive resources, at the base or which
is the occupation and cultivation of the soil; that as our
country is peculiarly adapted to agricultural puisuits, her
prosperity and the welfare of her people demand every fa-
cility and inducement to the subjugation and culture of her
vast public domain; that reason in dicates and expem nee
proves that commetciai facilities are among the most pow-
erful of these inducements; and that the public domain
must remain uncultivated until they shali he provided; that
donations of the alternate sections of the public land?, for
the improvement of navigable rivers and the construction of
railroads along the hneoi such improvements and proposed
railroads, offer a convenient and profitable means of ptodu-^
cing these facilities, as it induces sales ofthe reserved alter-
nate sections, which would otherwise remain unsold; and
that therefore the Commntee on Public Tj«ind<be and are
heieby instructed to report a bill at an early day for the do-
nation of an ample quantity of the unsold lands ofthe Uni-
ted States, to be selected along the line of ail t?uch contem-
plated increase of facilities as the public good ma) lequire,
in alternate sections, to be expended under the >upervi-ioa
of the State in wiuelisueh donation may be made.
Mr. JONES said he desired to debate the reso-
lution; consequently it lies over one day under the
rule.
Mr. BINGHAM asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill to aid in the construction of the
Clinton and Kalamazoo Canal, in the State of
Michigan.
Also, a bill granting the right of way and ma-
king a donation of land for the construction of a ship
canal around the Falls of St. Marie, in the State
of Michigan; wh^ch several bills were referied to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted a resolution, which
was read for information, as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire intothe propriety and expedi-
