1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ency of retroceding the county of Washington iu the Dis-
trict of Columbia to the State of Maryland, with leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Objection being madet the resolution was not
introduced,
Mr. THURSTON introduced the following reso-
lutions, which were read, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on thn Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire whether, under the third article of the treaty
of boundary and limits concluded June 15th, 1&48, between
the Government <tf the United States and that of Great
Britain, the Hudson's Bay Company, and British subjects,
mentioned in said article, are "entitled to a fee simple in the
land then occupied by them respectively id the Territory of
Oregon.
3d. What is meant by <' the possessory risrht of the Hud-
son's Bay Company and of all British subjects," mentioned
in i-.ud article.
3d. Whether the United States has not the right to dispose
of aUtands then occupied by the Hudson's Bay Company,
<or Bntiah s>ubjccta, by making the several occupants-a prop-
er remuneration lor what improvements they had then made
on said lands, and how is the amount of this lemunerauon
to be ascertained.
4th. Whciher the Hudson's Cay Company, or British sub-
jects, had, at the time of said treaty, '• lawfullyacquired the
occupation of land" in Oregon Territory.
5th. Whether Ore Hudson"^ Bay Company have the right,
under that tt wity, to out and manufacture timber growing
on the public lands in that territory, and paitreulaaly on
land-- not enclosed or cultivated by them at the time of&aid
rreaty.
Whether, under article 4th of said treaty, the Puget's
Sound Agnou'tural Company, mentioned m said uitide, are
emitted to any more land than they had under enclosure, or
in a ttate of actual cultivation, at the conclusion of said
treaty.
7rh. Also that said committee be further instructed to
inquire whether, under article 2d of said treaty, the Hud-
son'- Bay Company, or British subjects trading with the
same, have the right to introduce, through the port of A-toria,
foreign goods lor consumption m Oreuon Territory, t ee of
duty, and whether*!! foreign {iood-,iutioduced by said com-
pany or British subjects trading with the fame, through the
port aforesaid, are not subject to piecisely the same rates
of duties as they would be if introduced by American citi-
aen=.
Mr. THURSTON moved that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the resolutions be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. THURSTON objected to such reference,
on the ground that the resolutions involved legal
questions in which the rights of parties were in-
volved, and hoped the resolutions would be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was put, and they were referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. THURSTON, on leave, introduced "A
bill granting certain lands to the Territory of Ore-
gon, to aid in the improvement of the navigation
of the Willamette and other rivers in said Terri-
tory;" which was read twice, and* on motion of
Mr. Thurston, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. THURSTON introduced the following re-
solution, which was read and adopted.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of allowing to all Territo-
ries regularly organized by act of Congress, one copy each
of the narrative and scientific wotks ot the Exploring Expe-
dition, deposited and to be deposited in the Library of Con-
gress, to belong to the territorial libraries thereof, and to
stand in the place of the one such terntoues are entitled to
receive upon becoming a State.
Mr. THURSTON asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice had been
Riven, "for the relief of Oregon Territory;" which
was read twice by its title and refened to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
On motion by Mr. THURSTON,
Resolved, That the Committee oil Ti-rntoi its beinstructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an additional ap-
propnation for the erection ot suitable public buildings at
the seat oj government of Oregon Territory.
On motion by Mr. THURSTON,
llesolvci, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
tor the establishment of a land office in Oregon Territory,
and providing lor the survey of a portion of the public lands
in said Teriitory, and containing such other provisions and
restrictions as said committee may deem necessary lor the
proper management and protection of said public lands.
On motion by Mr. SIBLEY,
Retained, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po t Bonds be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establi-hin" a po-t route from font Douglass, via College
Grove, Red Rock, St. Paul's, and Falls ot St. Anthony, to
Von Gaines, and also to Long Prairie and PeiiiJina; and
from Pont Doil«lass, via tSullwatei, Marine Mills, 1 alls ot
St. Croix, and Pockegowa, to Fond ciu Lac-all withini the
Territory of Minnesota—and report thereon by bill or other-
On motion by Mr. SIBLEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of so amending the acts for
the organization of Minnesota and Oregon Territories as to
make the office of judges therein created elective by the
people of said Territories, and that said committee report
thereon by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SIBLEY introduced, on leave, the following
bills; which were read twice and referred, viz:
A bill to provide for the punishment of crimes
and offences committed in the Indian country
within the limits of Minnesota and Oregon Terri-
tories. Referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs ; and
A'bill for the benefit of Minnesota Territory.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER announced the expiration of
the halfhour to which the reception of resolutions
and bills from the States and Territories, not here-
tofore called in their order, had been limited.
CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. BOYD sent to the Speaker's table the fol-
lowing resolutions, which he asked might be read
for infoimation:
1. Resolved, That it is now deemed to be expedient and
proper to assert and declare, tiiat it is, and should be, the
settled policy of the Government and people of this Confed-
eracy, <ts. well as of rhe Governments and people of the
other States of Central and North America, that no part ot
this continent north of the Minims of Darien may, under
any pretext whatever, be seized, taken, or possessed, by
any of the Powers ofJSurop<>, to be subjected to their do-5
minion, or to plant dependent colonies therein; and further,
to assert and declare that such American policy is approved
and will be firmly maintained at nil hazards by the people
and Government of the United States: Provided, however,
That it is not designed to dispute or contest the right of
Great Uritain or Russia to their colonial possessions in
Noi tl) America, situated on the north ot ihe northern bound-
ary of the United States.
2d. Resolved, That it is the opinion of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United State.-, that the Jndian tribes oc-
cupying any prution of the countries or coasts within any of
the States or Tei ritones o( Central or North America, are
nghtfully, and should only be, under the protection ot the
Government within whose acknowledged limits such Indian
tribes may be; and ihattireat Britain,or other foreign States,
have no right to make treaties of alliance with them as in-
dependent nations, without the assent of the Governments
ot North America, within the teiritorial limits of which they
aie included, much less the right, under pretext of Mich
ti mattes, to occupy and take post-ession of any portion of the
territories belonging to the civilized nations and J*tate& on
this continent; and that such interference with the savage
tribes inhabiting the Teiruones of the United States, the
States ot Mexico, or ol Central America, by Great Britain
ot any other foieign kingdom, is contiary to all former
usage of the civilized nations ot the world, insultinc to the
independent States m which the savages may be situated,
and wilt never be tolerated or endured by the people and
Governments of North America.
:id. Resolved, That the five Slates of Centra! America, to
wit: Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, San Salvadoi,and
Guatemala, are the political sovereigns of all the country
extending from ocean to ocean, and from the New Granadian
province ofVeraguato the southern States of Mexico, and
that the Mosquito savages, and other tribes of Indiana re-
sioing therein, are under the exclusive protection of those
States, and sustain in substance the same relation to their
Government, which the Indian tribes, situated within the
iimits of the United States or the British possessions in
North America, sustain to the Government 01 this Confed-
eracy and to that of G,eat Britain respectively; and that
Great Britain ha* no more right to treat with the Mosquito
Indians, and, as their ally, forcibly to seize upon and occupy
any portion of the teintories of the States of Central Amer-
ica, or either ot them, thm she has under the pretext of such
treaties of alliance with the Indian tribes in our borders, to
take and hold possession, with her aimed forces, countries
embraced within the limits of some of the Slates or Territo
lies of the United States.
4th. hesolced, That the State of Nicaragua is'the territo-
rial sovereign of the whole country, embracing the Lake of
Nicaragua and Manaqua, the nver connecting them, the
Rio San Juan de Nicaragua, with its outlets in the sea, and
the coast on both seas, extending to the territories of Hon-
duras on the north and ot Costa Rica on the south.
5th. Resolved, That it is expedient, (if it be not already
done,) without delay to secure by treaty with the State of
Nicaragua, the following important oh}< cis, to wil:
The right ot way for the Government and citizens of the
United"States through that Slate. 2d. Theright to theGov-
ernment of the United States to charter a company to con-
struct a ship canal or oceanic communication in said State.
3d. The right tor the Go\ eminent ol the United Stales, with
a view to the protection ot such great enteiprife, thus to in-
sure its completion, to guaid and maintain her own rights
and those of her citizens in the uninterrupted navigation of
such contemplated ship canal, and to preserve the pi-ace
and neutrality ol the country in which it is situated, to for-
tify the lines and terminations thereof, and to occupy the
works designed with *ueh naval and military force as may
be deemed necessary, and that if any treaty providing for
and securing the nshts and objects above named has been
concluded, through" the instrumentality of our late Charge
d'Aftairs to Central America, it is the opinion of tins body
that such treaty should be, without delay, laid before the
Senate for its approval and ratification.
6th. Resolved, further, That if such treaty as that indica-
ted in the 5th resolution preceding, has been concluded and
signed by the diplomatic agents of the United States and
Nicaragua, the rights, privileges, and advantages theiem se-
cured to the Government and citizens of the contracting
parlies thereto, should not be surrendered upon the author-
ized demands of Great Britain or any other foreign Power.
7th. Resolved, further, Tha,tit is inexpedient and unwise
for this Government either to solicit or to permit the inter-
ference of Great Britain or any other European Power, in
the adjustment liy treaty, of the important affairs designated
in the 5th resolution.
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolutions.
Mr. TOOMBS and other members objected to
the reception of the resolution.
The reading of the resolution had not been
completed, when—
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and objected.
The resolutions, therefore, were neither read
through nor received.
A brief conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr.WINTHROP and the SPEAKER.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
which he desired might be read for information.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired whether the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd] had been read through?
The SPEAKER said it had not.
Mr. MARSHALL said he should then object
to the reading of this resolution.
So the resolution was neither received nor read.
Mr. WINTHROP said he believed the morning
hour had now expired.
The SPEAKER said, not yet.
Mr. WINTHROP. How soon will it expire?
The SPEAKER. Xn twelve minutes.
Mr. WINTHROP made an inquiry of the
Speaker as to the condition of the first resolution
from the Senate in relation to the original manu-
script of the Farewell Address of George Wash-
ington. The wnung was to be sold (lie said) on
the twelfth of February. If the motion was now
in order, he would move that the House proceed
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER said the motion would be in
order in twelve minutes.
Mr. OWEN asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill for the relief of the
Mineral Railroad and Banking Company of the
State of Georgia.
Objection was made, and it was not introduced.
Mr. MOORE asked leave to introduce a bill to
discourage speculation in the public lands, and to
secure homes thereon to actual settlers.
Objection was made, and the bill was not intro-
duced.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, insisted on the
regular order of business.
On motion by Mr. HARALSON, leave was.
granted to withdraw from the files of the House,
the petition of John P. Warnock.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
Mr. McWILLIE, from the Committee on
Printing, to which was referred the motion to print
10,000 copies extra of the President's special mes-
sage on the subject of California, reported a reso-
lution in favor of the printing; (which, he said,
would cost $4,100;) which was agreed to.
Mr. McWILLIE said, in connection with this
subject of printing, he would ask the House to
j take up and consider the resolution from the Sen-
ate tn favor of binding certain of the public doc-
uments.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order
to take up the resolution until the House proceeded
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table. „
On motion by Mr. THOMAS, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of George S. C aflm, of
Mendon, New York; and it was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. THOMAS, also from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the following rases; which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed,
j ViThe petition of Zenas King, of Canton, New
! York, for compensation for aiding the marshal to
1 enforce the neutrality laws on the Canadian line;
