1830.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the public documents, coming up in order, was
read twice, with a view to reference; when
Mr. McWILLIE made some remarks in favor
of passing the resolution at once. He said it
originated with the joint committee on printing.
The view of that committee was, that if the doc-
uments were worth printing they were worth
binding; and that if they, were not bound they
would be inevitably disposed of as waste-paper.
The binding he said could be executed for 12j
cents per volume.
The resolution was then read the third time and
Senate bill, entitled "An act to provide for the
adjustment and payment of the expenses incurred
and obligations contracted by the State of Florida
in providing for the safety of the people of that
State during the recent insurrection of the Semi-
nole Indians," came up in order, was read twice,
ami referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Senate bill, entitled "An act to refund to the
State of North Carolina the amount of money ad-
vanced and transportations furnished to the vol-
unteers from that State during the war with Mex-
ico;" was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
EXPENSE OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. BAYLY moved, at a late hour, that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion having been agreed to—
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Potter,
of Ohio, in the Chair.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution " limiting the expense of collect-
ing the revenue from customs for the present fiscal
year, and the amendment thereto pending."
Mr. MOHTON rose and addressed the com-
mittee during his hour. A report of his Speech
will appear in the Appendix. After Mr. Morton
had concluded,
Mr. VINTON obtained the floor, and moved an
amendment to the amendment of which he had
given previous notice.
Mr. VINTON yielded to a motion by
Mr. HILLIARD that the committee rise.
Which prevailing, the committee rose and re-
ported progress.
And, on motion of Mr. HILLIARD,
The House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BUEL gave notice that on pome future day he should
ask leave to mtrodui-e a bill to refund to the Slate of Michi-
gan the amount of money advanced and transportation iur-
iii-hed to volunteers from that State during the late war wiih
Allo% bill for the establishment of a marine hospital at
Detroit. L
Bv Mr. FITCH: A bill for reducing the minimum price
of land in what was the Miami National Reservation m
Indiana.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented and referred under the rule:
rv Mr. BOVVL1N: The petition of John Tilden, and 18
other citizens ot St. Louis, praying lor a reduction ol |i«
ane. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
^BvMr. BOOTH: The petition of William S. Camp, of
Middletown, in the State ot Connecticut, and 90 other per-
sons, praying for the reduction of postage to two cents oil
PTMreBUEL:hTheajo muesnlutio,, of the State of Mich-
igan! elatuislo a donation of lands by the, Genial
meilt, for the benefit of a State normal school; which was
refrrrc d fo the Committee on the Public Lar ds. ohaw
Bv Mr. WHITTLESEY: The petition oi Daniel Shaw
and'others, pr.iy.ng for the establishment; ot a post^tj
Barton, in Washington county, to Allien*, Ohio, thrown
the township of Decatur. Referred to the Committee on
n of A^ofp'arkhuret and others, praying
,6, $ confirm" ho,, of their title to land in Wisconsin.
Referred to the Committee on Private Land Cla.hik.
 „ yir SPALDING: The petition ot G. B. Rieft.anfl
otlfer citizen-, ot Buffalo, for the improvement of the harbor
-it the month of theOntonagan rivei,on Lake Supenoi,and
for a light-house at the same place. -
TlvMr THOMPSON, of Iowa: 1 he petition of 63.1 citi-
sa,' h idi' of =aid road, and when such alternate sections
mittee on Public Lands.
By Mr, GEORGE G. KING: The petition of the Presi-
dent and Directors of the Newport Bank, of Newport,
Rhode Island, praying for cheap postage.
The petition of Davis, Cook, and others, of Cumberland,
Rh.ode Island, paying for cheap postage.
The petition of Ttuman Beckwith and others, of Provi-
dence, Rhode Wand, praying for cheap postage.
The petition of Benjamin Fe^nenden and others, of Val-
ley Falls, Rhode It-land, praying ior cheap postage.
AH of the above petitions were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial of John Southpate,
administrator of Marcus McCausland,a d George Bramble,
administrator of John Bramble, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800. Referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
By "Mr. KING, of New Jersey: The petition of 32 resi-
dents of New York city and vicinity, for reduction of post-
age on prepaid letters to two cents per hall ounce.
Also, the petition of 180 residents of New York city and
vicinity, tor the reduction of postage on prepaid letters to
two cents per half-ounce.
Also, the petition ot citizens of Springfield, in the county
of Essex, State ot New Jersey, tor the reduction of postage
on prepaid letters to two cents per half-ounce.
By Mr. WOOD : The petition from P. H. Dennis and 41
others, citizens of Republic, Seneca county, Ohio, praying
lor the reduction of postage on prepaid letters to two cents
per half-ounce. Referied to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
By Mr. HUBBARD: The petition of Isaac F. Williams
and others, praying that the rate of postage on piepaid let-
ters be established at two cents per oum-e. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Pos-t Roads.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of citizens of Wisconsin,
for a mail route from Waupun, by Rosendale and Hawley's
Corners, to Wanekuna. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads,
Also, the petition of inhabitants of the counties of Fon du
Lac and Winnebago, in the State of Wisconsin, fbr a mail
route fioiri Waupun, by Rosendale and Waukau, to Wane-
kuna. Referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road«. , _ ^
Al^o, the petition of S. Austin White, M. Woodruff, B.
O'Conner, and other citizens of Wisconsin, praying that
proper measuies may be adopted by this Government to pro- 1
cure the riaht of navigating the river St. Lawrence to the
shipping of the Lakes. Referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
By Mr. OLDS: The petition or B. C. True and others,
residents of Cincinnati, Ohio,a&king such an amendmentof
the Constitution of the United States as will permit a di-
rect vote of the people for President and Vice Ptesident, and
making the Heads of Departments and all Postmasters elect-
ive officers. Referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Fairfield county,
Ohio, asking the establishment of a post route from Lan-
caster, the countv seat of said county, through the towns
of JefTer&on, Winchester, and Waterloo, in said county, to
the town of Grand Port, in Franklin countv. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition ofGardner Herring, of Madison county,
Ohio, together with the accompanying documents, asking a
pension for injuries received in the war of 1812. Referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Bv Mr. WALDO : The petition of J. W. Sessions, E«q.,
and*19 others, electois of We t Suffield, Connecticut, for a
uniform rate of postage. Referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. .
By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of Richard Price and
others, of Philadelphia, asking for a reduction of postage on
prepaid letters. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post R *ds. .
By Mr HAMfLTONT: The memorial of W. A. Irvine, ad-
ministrator of Callender Irvine. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
By Mr. WOOD: A memorial from E. Giles, asking for
the alteration ot the post route from Upper Sandusky to
Marseilles, in the county of Wyandott, Ohio. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr SPRAGUE: The petition ofL. Kingsbury, and90
citizens of Marshall, Michigan, tor cheap postage. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BRIGGS: The petition of Polly Millard, for a
pension. Referred to the Com mittee on Pensions.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: Four petitions of
citizens of Wilkobaire, Pennsylvania, asking the establish-
ment of the rate of postage on prepaid letters at two cents
per half ounce.
Also, a petition of like import, from citizens of Abmgion
Center, in Pennsylvania.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Wayne and Luzerne
counties, asking for the establishment of a mail route from
Hamlmton, in Wayne county, to Daleville, m Luzerne
C°BytMr. SEDDON: The petition of Mrs. Indiana Shoe-
maker, proving to be allowed six months' pay due her de-
ceased husband. Referred to the Committee ot Claim-*.
Also, the petition of Mary E. Bui fort, executrix of John
Clark, deceased, praying compensation for certain cannon
intended for the navy, but injured by unusual hits. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. . en
By Mr. IIOWE: The petition of Sainuel F. Dale ana w
others, citizens of Venango county, Pennsylvania, asking
for a change and modification in the existing tariff laws.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of S.De Vaux,and 12,->
others, citizen? of Niagara Falls, county of Niagara, New
York, asking Concress to establish the rate of postage on
prepaid letters at two cents per half ounce. Referied to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. FITCH, leave was granted to with-
draw fiom the files of the House the papers in the case of
Wm- Suavely, of Indiana, and the same were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
By Mr. REEl): The petition of Joseph Shaw, and ©4
others, praying for the reduction of postage. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, the petiuoa
and papers of Henry Miller, of Westmoreland county,
Pennsylvania, a soldier m the late war with Great Biitain,
praying fur a pension, were taken from the files of the House
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, the petition and papers of Nancy Hough in her own
right, and on behalfof Andrew Finley, Polly Finley, now
the wife of Walter Bell, and the widow and children of
John Finley, deceased, heirs of Samuel Finley, deceased,
who was a Lieutenant in the Revolutionary War, praying
commutation pay, were taken from the files of the flou^e
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Al«o, the petition ot Charles Donnelly, of Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, who was a soldier in the late war
with Great Biitain, praying Congress to grant him bounty
land, Etc. Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. RI3LEY ; The petition of Caleb B. Crumb, and
twenty-nine other«, citizens of Chautuuque county, New
York, piaying Congress to establish ihe rate of postage on
prepard letters at two cents per half ounce. Referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Po-t Roads.
By Mr. MEACHAM: The petition of volunteers at the
battle of Plattsburg, asking compensation for services.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of E. S. Engle^by and others, in Bur-
lington, Vermont, asking for the reduction of postage. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. TAYLOR: A list of J3.> vessels rHu'ved by the
revenue cutter Hamilton, made out by Josiah Sturgis, Et-q.,
Captain, from January, 183D, to January, 1850$ and stating
that 15,505 vessels have been spoken and boarded, and their
papers examined by said Srurgis. during rhe same time. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. McLANAHAN : The petition ol citizens of Perry
county, Pennsylvania, for a reduction in the rat sof postage.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut: The petition of Charles
H.Leeds and others, praying an arrangement for a semi-
monthly mail to Cbagres with the Empire C<tv line. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Officeand Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 6, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the DepartmentofWar,made
in pursuance of the act of 2d April, 1791, submit-
ting a statement of the expense of the national ar-
mories, and of the number of arms and appendages
made and repaired thereat during the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1849.
Also, from the same Department, a communica-
tion made m compliance with the requitements of
the act of 21st April, 1808, and 3d March, 1809,
showing what contracts have been made under
the authority of said Department during the year
1849.
The above communications were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and the motion to
print them was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citizens of
Cheshire county, in the State of New Hampshire,
deploring the manifold evils of war, and urging
Congress to take such suitable action as its wisdom
may suggest to avert it, by arbitration or a ^con-
gress of nations; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a petition from
citizens of the State of Indiana, urging Congress to
adopt some suitable means to put a speedy end to
the manifold evils of war; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition, signed
by 240 citizens, resident at Deep River and its
vicinity, setting forth the advantages that have re-
sulted to every land from a system of cheap post-
age, and urging upon Congiess the passage of a
law to reduce the price to two cents per half ounce.
Also, a petition from inhabitants ot the town of
Killingsworth, Middlesex county, in ihe same
State, asking a reduction of the rates of postage to
two cents on all prepaid letters not exceeding one
half ounce; which petitions were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. FELCH presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, requesting
their Senators and Representatives to use their in-
fluence to procure the passage of a law requiring
the proper officers of the Treasury of the United
States to pay such expenses a.s were incurred by
said State for raising and equipping troops, with
other expenses incident thereto; wh,ch was in-
ferred to th4 Committee on Military Affairs and.
ordered to be printed. ,
Mr WHITCOMB presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, instructing her Sen-
ators and requesting her Representatives to use
their influence to procure a donation by Congress
of 4 000 acres of land in the Miami Reseive for
the use of the Indiana University, in lieu of 4,000
acres donated by Congress to the President and
Trustees of the Vincennes University, out of two
