THEf-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION I
313t Congress, 1st Session*
FRIDAY, JULY 19, 1850.
New Series No. 8S.
I would therefore ask gentlemen, in ali candor,
how they can, in the face and teeth of these re-
peated acts of recognition on the part of this Gov-
ernment of the boundary of Texas, undertake, at
this time, to deny and set aside that boundary?
What is to become of your Government, or what
is it worth if its most solemn acts are to be disre-
garded in this way ?
But I stated that my object in rising was not so
much to argue this question as to reply to some
remarks made by the gentleman from Virginia,
{Mr. Bayly.] That gentleman did not confine
himself to the question before the committee. He
alluded to the conduct of the Administration in Cal-
ifornia—spoke of what he termed usurpations of
power on the part of the President in sending Mr.
King to California to interfere with the people there
in forming a State constitution; and charged the
President with violating the Constitution in ap-
pointing a member of Congress to such an office.
Now, without undertaking to defend, or to say
aught of the wisdom or propriety of the policy of
the Administration in that matter, I wish simply
to say, that £ do not consider that General Taylor
committed any violation of the Constitution in
sending Mr. King upon the agency he did. Mr.
King at that time was not a member of Congress.
He had been elected to the thirty-first Congress,
but he was not a member; and none of us here were
membeis, in a constitutional sense, until we took
the oath of office
Mr BAYLY interrupted, and said, that by a
law of Georgia, a person elected to Congress had
to notify the Executive of that State within twenty
days after he was informed of his election, wheth-
er he would accept or not; and that Mr. King
had, under that law, signified his acceptance.
Mr. STEPHENS said: That may be true, sir,
and yet there was no violation of the Constitution
of the United States in what General Taylor had
done. Even if General Taylor had violated a law
of Georgia, it was no violation of the Constitution
of the United States. Mr. King's notification of
his acceptance to the Governor of Georgia, did
not make him a member of Congress. That law
was not even binding upon this House. It would
not have disqualified Mr. King from taking his
seat, if he was properly and legally elected, if he
had never signified his acceptance, in pursuance
of that law. And if he had thus accepted, and
some contestant had shown that he was not, or
had not been legally elected, his acceptance would
nut have made him a member of Congress. But
the gentleman complains bittei ly of the usurpations
of the Piesident in countenancing the military gov-
ernment in California, ^nd advising the officers
there to cooperate with, and to aid the people in
forming a State government. And upon this point,
too,i think the censures of the gei.tleman are not
deserved—and, particularly, coming from him.
I can speak freely upon this subject, for it is known
that I am utteily opposed to these military gov-
ernments. 1 opposed them in the beginning, when
the gentleman says that he justified their creation
by Mr. Polk, as a war measuie. I considered
them then as great usurpations of power. Tiie
£.e>tleman says that the Constitution recognizes
the laws of nations, and that Mr. Polk established
them under the " laws of nation? and rights of
war.5' Sir, the Constitution of the United States
does not, in my opinion, recognize the laws of
nations for any such purpose. The Cons.itution
authorizes Congress to pass laws for the " punish-
ment of offences against the laws of nations;" but
in no part or clause does it authorize the President,
without authority of law, to do what monarchs in
other countries may do with subjugated provinces.
It is to Congress that the power is confided to
make rules respecting " captures by land and sea/'
The President, as a conqueror, has no such power
under our Constitution. And, after justifying
these enormous outrages upon the Constitution by
Mr. Polk, the gentleman should have sought other
grounds of attack, in arraigning General Taylor for
a violation of the Constitution, than his barely
countenancing governments which he found in
operation under the administration of Mr. Polk;
88
for these civil governments under the control of
the military, were not only established by Mr.
Polk, during the war, but they were continued by
him after the peace; and General Taylor did
nothing but continue the state of things as he
found them.
We all know that Mr. Polk at first justified
these measures as war measures. We know, also,
that with his message communicating the treaty of
peace, he informed us that these governments
necessarily ceased. And we know, still fuither,
that after that, by a sort of political legerdemain—
I do not wish to speak harshly, but I can call it by I
no milder term—by a sort of political legerdemain,
unknown to the laws of nations, or any other sort
of law, he still continued them as governments,
which he styled "governments defacto." He had
informed the country that they had necessarily
ceased upon the treaty of peace; and yet he con-
tinued them, not as war measures, or p^ace
measures, but as " defacto governments." Gen-
eral Taylor found them just as Mr. Polk left
them. And if the gentleman censures Gen-
eral Taylor for what he has done, I beg to
inform him that the same, and even greater, cen-
sure is due Mr. Polk, who instituted and contin-
ued them. For my own part, 1 was utterly op-
posed to the whole policy at the beginning, and am
still opposed to it, I care not who is President.
Military governments are at war with republican
principles. And while it is not my object or prov-
ince to justify what the Administration has done,
I wish to say to the gentleman from Virginia that
he ou^ht not to complain. The gravest charge that
he brings is, that General Taylor advised the peo-
ple of California, by his agents and officers, to rid
themselves of this military rule by forming a con-
stitution and asking admission into the Union as a
State.
Congress had failed to extend any protection to
them, or to provide them with any government.
And according to the principles advocated by the
gentleman, in a speech made in this Hall two
years ago, General Taylor did nothing worse than
to advise the people then to do what, in the opin-
ion of the gentleman then expressed, was their
perfect light to do without his advice. We live,
Mr. Chairman, in a strange world. There are
many things of a strange character about us, but
nothing seems stranger to me than the rapid
change which sometimes takes place in men's
opinions upon great questions. In the speech of
the gentleman from Virginia, to which I allude,
and which I have before me, though 1 have not
read it m two years, if I recollect correctly, he
took the position, that Congress had no power to
legislate for the people of the territories at ail;
that the right of self-government u-as inherent in
them.) of which Congress could not depuve them.
But I will turn to it, and see what the gentleman
did say, that there may be no mistake about it. I
read from the gentleman'a speech, made the 16rh
day of May, 1348:
"F recur to the question I just now a?ked. In what
ciauseof ihe Constitution do you find the power of Con
to Icgis ate for the territories relative to tlieir^<iom«stie
affaiis?"
Again he says:
" I have shown that the Constitution confer? no authority
upou Congress 10 k'giM.t e foi itie motorics except in lefei-
enee to the public kuui-. I now tike higher ground. 1
maintain that not onlv no such umbonty i> d< iegrr.ed by any
provision in the Constitution, but timt it is in dnect conflict
wuli some ot'Uieni, and with the spun ol the whole iu&Uu-
ment.''
Mr. BAYLY interrupted, and was understood
to say, that he knew that the gentleman [Mr. Ste-
phens] would not willingly misrepresent his posi-
tion, and he was sure that if he would read all that
speech, he would see that his views were not as
he (Mr. S.) inferred them to Oe from the extracts
he had read; and, by the consent of Mr. S., he
proceeded to read another portion as follows:
I "A constitution is? ihejotm ««f action 5 Ice^ianon is action
i ikeli; tin- one is tn<- imsins, the othei Uip 1- s>u!t. Tins i=* a
; di-tnuinm familiar ni 0111 hi-ioiy. Uur toiet.ilheis n^ver
object-d to the British kn.g granting to tl.c Colonics < har-
1 tei> containing tonus ot government; and they n.-ver were
' resaidfd as acts of legislation which could oniy be instituted
' by~Parhameni. They were restrictions on the Government,
voluntarily imposed by the Government it-'elf, for the bene-
fit of the Colonies. These charters weie little ehe than
constitutions, in our familiar political sense ofilie term,aitd
111 many instances were acquiesced in by the-people long
after the British authouty was expelled; indeed, in oaecase,
until within a very late period."
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said, that he,
thought he undetstood the general views and prin-
ciples of the speech perfectly well. There was
nothing inconsistent in what the gentleman has
read with what he had read himself.
In the same speech (said Mr. S.) the gentleman
quotes from the writings of John Taylor, of
Caroline, who was highly complimented by Mr.
Jefferson, (as we ate informed by him,) in an ex-
tract of some length, in which this occurs in
italics:
" Jlmong these the unconditional right to make their oicn
local constitutions and laws, v:ithout being subject to any con-
dition imposed by an extraneous authority, has been the most
important, and uniueisally exercised by every State in the
Union."
And, after quoting this, the gentleman goes on
to say:
" £{iy one of those principles applies with increased
force to citizens of anyot tile Mates eimgiatmg to the Ter~
utories. They carry vvith them ali their lights, tile most
important of wluck is the right of self-government."
Prom this, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. S.,) it ap-
pears to me that the gentleman did then hold that
the people of the Slates carried with them in the
Territories the right of self-government, which
could not be controlled by Congress. Indeed, in
another part, he expressly says:
" In my view of the ease, the territorial governments.,
winch we have established, have derived their saueuoGi
from the same source"—which was the assentvUb Un-
people.
1 do not wish to dwell upon this matter; but I
do think that the gentleman should not accuse
General Taylor of committing outrages upon the
I Constitution, for advising the people to do what
it seems in his own estimation they have a perfect
right to do of themselves. JNor do 1 allude to this
as a vindication of a true piinciple. I recollected
the speech well. 1 disagreed with it then and
now. I did not then hold, nor do I now, that the
people of the territories of the United States have
any such right as he contended for. I have al-
luded to this speech barely to answer the gentle-
man out of his own mouth. I hold, that when
this Government gets possession of tenitory, either
by conquest or treaty, it is the duty of Congress
to govern it until the peopleare prepared to be
admitted as a State into the Union, at the discre-
tion of Congress. And apart from the reasons
which 1 have assigned lor voting against this
Delegate, I will add, that I should not vote to ad-
mit a Delegate from any territory who comes with
no better evidence of being the properly chosen
representative of tile people. In this case, how-
ever, it is enough, as i said before, that he comes
from a country, and proposes to represent the peo-
pie known to be within the oft •recognized limits
of one of the States of this Union—the limits ai d
boundaries of which State we are estopped from
denying. .
Mr. HOWARD followed, and spoke in earnest
remonstrance against the admission oi the Dele-
gate from New Mexico. He declared either that
Texas must be permitted to take peaceable posses-
sion of the disputed territory, or that the whole
dispute must ultimately be submitted to the arbit-
rament of the sword. He disavowed any inten-
tion to threaten; but said that in using tnis lan-
oUaire he was merely uttering the public senti-
ment of his Slate. He said, that by a late mail
the Representatives of Texas had received a com-
munication from the Executive of that State, re-
quiring to know whether it was the intention of
the General Government to tatify the action of
Colonel Munroe in authorizing the formation of a
State government, and to enfoice that action by its
power, and enclosing a solemn protest if such
should be avowed to be the intention of the Gov-
ernment. He also leaded from the same source,
that active measures were being taken to resist,
if the attempt to enforce that action by military
power should be made. •
Mr. BURT inquired whether euch aas
