soo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
sections of land previously granted by Congress to
the State of Indiana for the use of the Indiana
Seminary, in the counties of Gibson and Monroe;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Landsand ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of citizens
of Providence, Rhode Island, asking a reduction
of the rate of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented seven petitions
from citizens of that State, asking a.grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Daven-
port to Council Bluffs; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. CASS presented a petition of Thomas Flan-
agan, a revolutionary soldier, asking to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of that State, for a reduction of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of the
heirs of Wm. F. Megec, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was re-
ferred to the select committee.
Mr. HAMLIN" presented a petition of citizens j
of Augusta, Maine, askinga leduction of the rates j
of postage; which was referred to the Committee j
on the Post Office and Post Roads. i
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of j
Benjamin Kingsbury and other citizens of Port- |
land, Maine, asking that a pension may be al- j
lowed to James Wright, for injuries received while I
acting as chief engineer on board a revenue cutter; '
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Oberlin, Ohio, asking the adoption of measures
for the amicable adjustment of international diffi-
culties; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill in relation to
sutlers m the army, and in addition to an act con-
cerning military contributions in Mexico; which
was read a first and second time by its title and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, in pursuance of notice, a bill for the relief
of Lewis Morris and others, which was read a
first and second time by its tide and referred to the
Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. "WHITCOMB presented the following
resolution, which lies over under the rule:
Resohcd, That the Prurient of tfie United Slates be re-
quested to traiifiint to the Senate copies of all charges or '<
complaints made or exhibited tor the removal ot J. D. G. j
Nelson tioui the office which he recemly hefd ot receiver |
of public monejs at Foit Wayne, iu the State 01 Indiana. J
SLAVERY QUESTION AT THE SOUTH. j
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I have been j
charged with the duty of submitting to this body j
the proceedings of a public meeting held in the I
town of Wilmington, North Carolina, without |
distinction of party, in reference to the questions "
that arc now agitating most deeply the public
mind. I will remark, sir, that Wilmington is the
largest and most commercial town in the State
from which I come. It is a Whig town, and has
been so for ihe last thirty years, perhaps in all time.
This meeting, sir, was composed of the leading and
most matked men upon both sides of political par-
ties. It is a population eminent for its respecta-
bility, as my friend from Alabama well knows—
eminently marked for its respectability arid intelli-
gence. These resolutions, sir, are strong; they are
decided. The citizens of Wilmington hold, in com-
mon with almost the entire South, the opinion that 1
we are standing upon the defensive merely in re- i
gard to the slavery question. No act of aggression '
has proceeded fiom us, and we ask nothing but '
hands off. Huheito it has been a question of!
mere partisanship, [ believe, on both sides. This \
question has been agitated at the North, as I learn j
from the highest authority, with the view of pro-1
curing political preferment. That may have been '
so heretofore to some extent in some portions of
the South, but North Carolina has never agitated, ;
nor have her Representatives in this Chamber ever \
agitated the subject, so far as I know. I certainly !
have not. I say that it is almost the universal l\
sentiment of the South that we are standing upon j|
the defensive. Sir, it is no longer a mere question
of party policy in the South. An overwhelming
proportion of our people believe that this Govern-
ment has no power to touch the subject of slavery
either in the {States or in the Territories. But that
portion of our population that entertain a different
opinion, and who concede the power to the Gov-
ernment to act upon slavery in the Territories, yet
regard these aggressions upon us as an abuse to
so deep an extent that they will go as far, when
the day comes to resist, as those who believe the
power to be a usurped one. Sir, I have said that
m the incipient stages of this controversy it was a
mere play of party for place and preferment. I
think, sir, the entire South has passed that point,
and all mere questions of party are merged when
we are brought to the consideration of this great
question. If ever the evil shall come that many
of the best and wisest men in the country appre-
hend, you will find men of all parlies, and of
every description of politics in the South, stand-
ing shoulder to shoulder to defend those rights,
which we mean to defend, which we can deiend,
and which we will defend at all hazards—at all
hazards, sir.
Sir, I have heard much about compromises of
this question. I have heardj;much said about equiv-
alents and compensation; but it seems to me that
that conception is based on an unjust, if not an
entirely false idea of our position. What is com-
pensation for? What injuries? Have we done
anything that the North has a right to complain
of? Are we to make compensation for the slaa-
ders, for the calumny, for the endangering of our
firesides for the exciting of domestic insurrection ?
Are we to make compensation for aggressions of
this character? No, sir. We stand t>y the Con-
stitution and our rights, and we mean to stand by
them under Heaven, and under that protection we
feel that we have the power to maintain them, and
we will do it, at the hazard of our lives, and at
the hazard of everything. Everything or any-
thing will be incuned in preference to dishonor
and an ignominious submission to an impudent,
arrogant, and unconstitutional interference with
our rights.
I have said, sir, that we regard the aggressions
as coming entirely from one section of the Union.
We are not in the fault. We have been and are
now as much devoted as they to this glorious
Union. I speak now for my own State, than
which none have been more loyal to the Confed-
eracy. She has no interest but a paiticipation in
the common glory of our history, in the perpetu-
ation of the institutions of this Government In
the pecuniary and incidental benefits from this
Government, that many other portions of the
country enjoy, she perhaps has as limited a pai-
ticipation as any other State on the Atlantic bor-
der; yet not a State m the Union, from its earliest
history to the present day, has been more loyally
devoted to the pieservauon of liberty and the
perpetuation of our free institutions than the State
of JNorth Carolina. Yet she has not and she will
not agitate on this question; but if ever the day
of action comes, mark me, sir, the unanimity
will be found complete. Yes, sir; and the craven
who would not stand by the side of his country-
men would have failed to stand by them m the
days of the revolutionary struggle. I pray God
that day may never come; but I do regard the
northern country as holding the destinies of the
Republic in their hands. Sir, 1 repeat, that there
will be no division of sentiment at the South, nor
will there be any divided action, if that time shall
come. We have leached the point.on which we
mean to plant our feet, and, with the blessing of
Godj we expect to stand upon it, in defiance of all
enemies who attempt to invade our rights by torce
or otherwise.
Sir, the pretension that is set up, that this Gov-
ernment is to go and strip our neighbors of their
possessions, and to appropriate them entirely to
one-half of the Union to the exclusion of the other,
to say nothing about Us injustice, is—I say it with j
great respect—a degree ot impudence that is un- j,
paralleled. It will be nothing, if the principle be j:
recognized, but offering a premium for rapacious !
war and a disposition to strip our neighbors of '!
their possessions. Why, sir, with the sacrifice of h
common blood and common treasuie, we despoil
our neighbois of their possessions, and the whole
benefit is to inure to one-half of the Union, and
to the practical withholding of their proportion
from the other. Sir, the policy of this country is
peace; but we, in common with all the republics
of the ear th, perhaps, have a war spirit upon us as
strong, aye, and stronger, than any Government
under the sun. Sir, our people have a military
turn—they are fond of military glory and military
achievements; and hold out to that active, that
brave population at the North the premium that
all the spoils of war are theirs, and theirs only,and
the day will come when spmts will be found to
agitate the war question quite as strongly as they
are now agitating the slavery question. Sir, upon
that point, I, as one individual, plant my feet; and
I never will recognize, under any force or pres-
sure, the right of any one to appropriate entirely
to one-half of the States the spoils of war; never,
sir.
Sir, it is not for me here to talk about disunion,
I am charged with no such duty in my place in
the Senate; I have no right even to speculate upon
the subject or to commit myself to any course.
My duty is more humble within the Constitution,
which contemplates no such action. Sir, if this
question should be driven to extremity, my busi-
ness is to abide the decision of my countrymen,
and whatever that may be—for weal or for wo—
sir, this old frame shall be put upon the altar in
common with my fellow-countrymen.
I hope the resolutions will be read, and I move
that they be printed; which question goes, of
course, to the Printing Committee.
The Secretary read the resolutions as follows:
1. Resolved, That we have witnessed with much anxiety
the progress of fanaticism and political dishonesty at the
North, and of excitement at the South, on the subject of
slavery.
2d. Resolved, That a crisis has arrived when it becomes
necessary for thinking men at both ends of the Union to
adopt such discreet measuies as may avert the consequences
likely to flow from tins fanaticism, dishonesty, and exeite-
! inent; or, it they cannot be averted, so to meet them as to
diminish as much a^ possible their mischief.
3d. Rejoiced, That the union of the Slates is not less dear
to ti!, politically than is hfe individually, and we will there-
fore maintain it at every sacrifice but that of principle.
4th. Resolved, That dear and essential as is life to the in-
dividuril, no brave and vutuous man will consent to hold it
at the sacrifice of honor and principle; neither can we yield
up principle and honor, even if the maintenance of them
should involve the sacrifice of our political and individual
existence, in the dissolution of the Union and the bloody
eon.-equenees likely to flow therefrom.
5th. Resolved, That in the hope that it wilt lead to some
peaceful and honorable result for the preservation of the
Union, and if that may not be, in any event to a perfect
unanimity of action m the southern estates, we recommend
that a Convention of delegates from the several Congres-
sional districts in this Slate be holden in Raleigh, on the
20th of April next, for the purpose of considering this sub-
ject, and of appointing two deb-gates from the State at large
j to lepretent North Carolina hi the Convention appointed to
be holden at Nashville, Tennessee, the first Monday in June
next, and that delegates be appointed for each Congressional
district in this State by conventions holden in said districts
to represent said districts in the said Convention to be held
at Ealeigb.
6th. Resolved, That fifty delegates be appointed by the
chairman of this meeting to attend the distiict convention
to he holden in Wilmington, on the second Monday in
March next.
7th. Resolved, That the chairman also be authorized and
j requested to appoint a committee of thirteen, to be called a
' committee of safety.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I object to the re-
ception of the paper. I suppose in that case the
question must first be taken on its reception.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reception of
the paper is objected to. The question is on its
reception.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a word or two on
S this motion. When I first took my seat in the
Senate, and was charged by my constituents with
the presentation of a petition asking any action or
expiessing any sentiments favorable to any action
on the subject of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, or anywhere else, objection was made to its
reception, and a motion made to lay that question
on the table, which motion prevailed. And, sir,
; one of the first individuals who expressed his opin-
! ion as to the course of proceeding in presenting
petitions or memorials of that character was the
Senator from North Carolina, who has just now
taken his seat. He took occasion, sir, upon the
presentation of papers of that character by my-
self, to say that up to that time so judicious had
been the course of the Senate—adopted, I think
he said, after consultation among the leading men
on both sides of the chamber—that they had come to
an understanding that when any petition or memo-
rial of that character, looking to the action of the
Government in any way in relation to the subject
of slavery, was presented, the question of recep-
