1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
the gentleman spoke of, had been made upon the
President, and if* so, whether any answer had been
returned ?
Mr. HOWARD replied, that he had enclosed
the communication to the President, three or four
days since, but, owing, no doubt, to a recent event,
110 answer had been received. He was, however,
daily anticipating an answer, for the communica-
tion had been made in a form to preclude delay in
its answer.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Four minutes of the time to which the debate
was limited now remained.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said he desired to
make a very few remarks, explanatory of his
course. So far as he proposed to give the reasons
by which his vote would be influenced, they
would be embraced in a nut-shell. He did not in-
tend to go into the question of boundary. He
had determined to vote against the admission of a
Delegate from New Mexico. He would not vote
for the admission of any individual as a Delegate
from any Territory any portion of which was
claimed by any of the States of the Union, until
such disputed claim should have been fairly and
fully adjusted. The main question now before
the committee was, whether we shall admit Mr.
Smith as a Delegate from New Mexico. And it
appeared to him to be necessary to show that
there existed any such Territory under the laws of
the United States. Would this Delegate represent
any Territory whose laws are to be found on our
statute book? This Territory of New Mexico has
not been formed by authority of the United States
Government. It exists only as the offspring, and
by the order of a military government.
Another ground which he desired to suggest
was, has Mr. Smith been fairly elected as a Dele-
gate to this House, in accordance with the provis-
ions of the law of the United States regulating
the election of members of Congress by the
States, and of Delegates by the Territories of the
United States? On the contrary, he presentshim-
self for admission, not with a certificate of his
election by the people of New Mexico, in the man-
ner prescribed by law, but by a certificate from a
self-constituted convention. He was opposed to
proceedings so irregular in their form. Should a
person present himself here with a certificate rep-
resenting that he was elected a Delegate to this
House by the Legislature of that State, he would,
on the same ground, refuse his vote for him. That,
he thought, sufficiently illustrated his view as to
this part of the case. He thought gentlemen
ought, before they voted to admit Mr. Smith, to
satisfy themselves that the State of Texas has no
valid claim to any part of this Territory. They
ought to be careful, that in voting for the admis-
sion of this Delegate, they do not override the
law.
He did not look upon the cases of Minnesota
and Wisconsin, which had been referred to, as
having any bearing on this question. The Dele-
gates there were representatives of regularly-or-
ganized territories, and had been elected by the
people according to the prescriptions of law. Jn
this case, however, Mr. Smith comes here with
no other authority than that of a convention self-
organized, and acting only under a military gov-
ernor of a portion of country which had lately be-
longed to Mexico, and was now claimed by the
State of Texas.
For these reasons, he should give his vote
against the admission of the Delegate from New
Mexico. And he desired to be understood that,
in giving this vote, he did not intend to be com-
mitted as giving any opinion on the question of
the boundary of Texas.
The hour (of two) having arrived, the general
debate closed.
IMr. STRONG (under the rule) rose and addressed
the committee, in effect, as follows:
Mr. Chairman; The remarks which i propose
to make to the committee in closing this debate, 1
intend to confine, as far as I may be able, to such
arguments only as have a legitimate bearing on the
question which is now before the committee for
its decision.
Unfortunately, during the progress of this de-
bate, other questions have been introduced, as is
commonly the case, in this and every other delib-
erative body—other matters in which gentlemen
naturally feel a great interest, important in their
place, and which ought to be discussed here. They
have been introduced not because they have any 1
bearing on the question before us, but because gen-
tlemen feel disposed, on all occasions, to define
their position, and to make known to the country
their opinions on questions of importance.
I therefoie do not propose, in the couise of my
remarks, to advert to these topics to any extent.
The question of slavery in New Mexico, Cali-
fornia, and Utah, has nothing to do with the ques-
tion which is now under consideration. Neither
has the boundary of the State of Texas, whether
it includes the whole of the territory acquired from
Mexico, which lies east of the Rio Grande, or any
part of it, any legitimate bearing on the subject.
I am ready to admit, sir, that if it be conceded
that Texas has an indisputable right to the whole
country east of the Rio Grande, there is no ground
whatever on which Mr. Smith can rest a claim
to a seat in this House. But the Committee on
Elections, throughout the whole of its report, has
carefully guarded against any decision as to the
limits of the State of Texas. 1 have always sup-
posed, and I still suppose, that this is not the time
nor the place to determine what the boundaries of
Texas are. At any time, that question could not
be determined by the single action of this House.
The true boundary of Texas can only be de-
termined by the joint action of the two Houses,
in compact with Texas, or by the judiciary. The
report of the committee, therefore, carefully ab-
stains from reference to the claim which Texas,
ever since the year 1836, has set up to the whole
of the territory ea&t of the Rio Grande.
Nor do I think it important to go into a consid-
eration of the course pursued by the late Execu- jj
tive (Mr. Polk) in relation to this Texas question, , j
or to inquire whether he transcended his authority |>
in appointing a military governor at Santa Fe; j;
or whether General Taylor committed any viola- !'
tion of the Constitution in continuing a military ;
government over these territories, it is sufficient jj
for me to express my opinion, that in cases where,
in time of war, military governments are es-
tablished, they cease with the termination of the
war during which they were established. I do
not understand any gentleman as denying the
right of the Executive thus to establish military
governments, or as asserting his right to continue
them beyond the duration of the war in which
they originated. It is conceded by all, that this
right belongs to the Executive, us Commander-
in-Chief of the army and navy. The moment,
therefore, that the Mexican war ceased by virtue
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, these military
governments, which were only created for the
war, ceased altogether.
Nor do I intend to reply at any length to what
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McGaughey]
laid down as a position, that the laws of Mexico
having prevailed in New Mexico before she came
into our possession, remain still in force there. It
is a well-acknowledged maxim that all political
law ceases in a country at the time when, by con-
quest, it is transferred from one sovereign to an-
other. It has been charged against me that I have
stated in the report of the committee that all law
ceased on the transfer of New Mexico to the sov-
ereignty of the United States. I made no such
statement. My position was simply this: That,
according to the laws of nations recognized in the
decisions of our Supreme Court, all political law
ceased in New Mexico on her transfer to the Uni-
ted States. There i« a wide diffeience between all
law, and all political hwv. The municipal laws re-
mained still in their full force and operation. All
the laws which confer political rights ceased.
There is no writer on public law to he found any-
where to controvert this point, and, more than
once, the principle has been decided by our Su-
preme Court.
The State of Florida was acquired by cession
from Spain; and the political regulations which
had previously prevailed there, did not continue
one hour after her transfer from Spain to the Uni-
ted States.
So it was with the State of Louisiana. Was it
ever pretended by any one that her political law
continued to exist after the conclusion of the treaty
by which she came into the possession of the Uni-
ted States ?
I take it, then, that there can be no dispute on
this point. The gentleman from Indiana has in-
deed laid down this principle, but has cited no au-
thority in support of it. The moment New Mex-
ico was transferred to the United States, whatever
of organization previously existed was instantly
extinguished, and no political government can ex-
ist there until, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales, a territorial government shall be estab-
lished
Having disposed of these preliminary matters,
which have nothing to do with the question before
the committee, let me turn for a moment to take a
view of the facts which must govern our decision
in this case. 1 have stated, on a former occasion,
that Smith, the applicant, asks to be admitted as a
Delegate, with all the rights enjoyed by former
Delegates who have had seats on this floor, on the
ground of his election by the convention which
assembled last year at Santa Fe. That conven-
tion elected him, and he comes here by virtue or
that election. The convention consisted of nine-
teen persons. How was it called into being3 It
could confer no rights on the applicant which it
was not authorized to confer. Was that conven-
tion called in accordance with the laws of the Uni-
ted States? By no means. The«efore he comes
before us in a different attitude from any former
Delegate, because he was elected by an authority
not recognized by the laws of the United States.
He does not, it is true, come with a demand to be
admitted to a seat as a constitutional right. I do
not say, sir, that this House, at its discretion,
might not admit him. I do not mean to say that
this House might not admit to a seat a Delegate
from Philadelphia, if it should think proper to do
so. Should a portion of the citizens of New York
get together, and because they thought their inter-
ests and opinions would be better represented than
they now are, elect a person more agreeable to
them, there is nothing in the Constitution to pre-
vent this House from admitting him as a Delegate,
with power to speak fur his constituents, but with-
out the potential privilege to vote. Doubtless this
claim for admission is an appeal to the discretion
of the House. I trust, however, that if this House
should ever see fit to exercise such a discietion, it
will not be done in a witd and licentious disregard
of order, but in accordance with the established
usages and principles of our Government, unlesa
some extraordinary circumstances should arise to
take it out of this safe rule. Unbridled discretion
is eminently dangerous.
The election of a Delegate to a seat on this floor
is no new thing. Since the formation of our Gov-
ernment, in sixteen cases, individuals have come
here and asked for admission to seats on this floor
as Delegates from as many Territories, and have
been admitted. And all these persons have been
admitted under the same law, and in accordance
with the same principles. No one has ever been
admitted unless elected in the manner prescribed
by law—not by the regulations of this House
alone, but by a law passed by the Senate and
House of Representatives, and sanctioned by the
approval of the President of the United States, It
has been suggested that Minnesota presents an ex-
ception to this rule. I will come to that presently.
And I will venture to say, that no man who will
examine that case will allege that it authorizes the
conclusion, that any Delegate can be admitted to a
seat on this floor, who was not elected according
to the provisions of law.
We have had Delegates, time after time, pre-
senting themselves here for admission. We have
had these applications sixteen times over; yet, in
no single instance has any Delegate been admitted
into this House, until he woe elected under the or-
J ganic law by which a territoiial government was
j established by Congress. The conditions pre-
| scribed by the law establishing such territorial
' government have, in all these cases, been complied
with. A census has been taken, and when the
population was ascertained to amount to the pre-
scribed number, a territorial legislature was elected,
and after this a Delegate to Congress was chosen.
There has never been a single instance where a
Delegate has been sent here, or admitted to a seat,
unless he had been elected in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the organic law under which the territo-
rial government was established.
With all this army of precedents, in which, in
sixteen cases, we have not admitted a single Dele-
gate, until he had been properly elected under the
organic law of the Territory, if any gentleman was
sitting as chancellor, would he not feel himself
compelled, in the exercise of a rational discretion,
to decide that a territorial organization and antece-
