i85a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eoi
tion should be considered as raised at once, and a
motion made to lay it on the table, and thus they
got on quietly, peaceably, and harmoniously.
And lie said, too, that he regretted that there had
been such a revolution in any remote State of this
Union as, by accident, had thrown such a fire-
brand as myself into this Senate. Well, sir, I
heard it all,and submitted to it; and such has been
the course of the Senate. Thus far, every paper
looking in the remotest degree to any action of
the Government,-or presentiRg here any opinions
of individuals adverse to the institution of slavery,
has, the question of reception being raised, been
laid on the table. Now, sir, if such is the rule to
be applied to us north of Mason and Dixon's
line; if it is improper, unconstitutional, and rep-
rehensible to bring petitions and memorials here
from the north country expressing opinions un-
favorable to the institution of slavery, I ask if it
is not equally proper that petitions and memorials
coming from south of that line, and looking to a
different action on the subject, should receive the
same fate ? I am not mistaken about the character
of these resolutions, although they are not so defi-
nite in their terms as they are when appended to
the speech of the honoiable Senator in explana-
tion of them. He says they all look to, and refer
to the agitating questions which now divide this
country. They declare, sir, that the good State
of North Carolina, which has had so high a eulo-
gium passed upon her, and from which I do not
feel any wish to detract, that same loyal old North
State has at last waked up to the aggressions
of the North. Sir, I wish that the intelligence
of North Carolina had given its attention to
the inquiry and pointed out what are those
aggressions. I wish, if it could, that it had
laid its finger on a single word, letter, or line,
that was spoken or written at the North, that
contemplated any aggressive action by this Gov-
ernment on this institution. The honorable Sena-
tor seemed to say, and he did say most distinctly,
that the South in its position only occupied the
defensive. I confess, sir, I am not so well versed
in the dictionaries as aie'some gentlemen, but it
the course of the North on this subject is aggres-
sive, while that of the South is defensive merely,
I confess I am poorly skilled indeed in this chap-
ter of definitions. He says that all they ask at
the South is " hands off." That is all we want
at the North, sir, " hands off." Talk about our
being aggressive ! The history of this Govern-
ment will show that the course of the North, from
the first institution of the Government, from the
first adoption of the Constitution down to the
present time, has been concession, and concession,
until now our very women and children reproach
us with the pusillanimity which permits our
rights to be trampled upon here by the action of
this Government. We have conceded, and con-
ceded, and yielded, until nothing is left to yield,
and now weaie told in substance that if we do
not come forward and take hold with our own
hands, and help in extending this institution of
slavery—that if we do not identify ourselves, soul
and body, in all the responsibility belonging to its
existence, perpetuity, and eternity, we are aggres-
sive, and that the Union is to be dissolved.
I raise the question of reception, and move to
lav that question on the table, and I shall vote
against it. I raise it merely that the Senate may
have an opportunity of administering the same
justice to the South that we of the North have
had to take, whether we would or not. 1 ask tor
the yeas and nays on the motion. _
Mr. MANGUM. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion to lay on the table for a moment?
Mr. HALE assented.
Mr. MANGUM. I have but one remark to
make. As to all this affair of concession on the
part of the North, the merest school-boy m our
history knows that there is very little in it. ihe
difference between this case and those referred to
bv the Senator, where the question of reception is
rai=ed and that motion is laid on the table, is just
this, and it will be seen that they present two dis-
tinct questions: These memorials from the Noith
invoke action on the part of Congress; these reso-
lutions invoke no action whatever 1That is the
distinction. Those from the North ask for an
interposition of Congressional action to do—what
What nearly one-half of this Union, if no tmo'e,
believe Congress has no right to do under the Con-
stitution. These resolutions are designed as a
mere notification, and ask no action on the part of
Congress.
Mr. HALE. 1 renew the motion to lay the
question of reception on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the Sen-
ate refused to lay the question of reception on the
table by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury and Douglas—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bright, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Clemens,
Cooper, Corvvin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge ol Wis-
consin, Fek'h, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hun-
ter, Jones, King, Manguni, Mason, Miller, Moiton, Noiris,
Penree, Phelps Pratt, Iiu=k, Sebastian, Seward, Smith,
Souie, Spruanee, Turney, Upliain, Wales, Walker, and
Whiteomb—48.
The resolutions were then received, laid on the
table, and the motion to print them referred to the
Committee on Printing.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 move, sir, that the indul-
gence which was granted to the audience yester-
day, during the remarks of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, be extended to the ladies by a temporary
suspension of the rules to-day. A young and
gallant body like this, I suppose, will be ready to
accord this privilege at once. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 second the motion. It was
my intention, if the Senator from North Carolina
had not anticipated me, to have made the motion
myself.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
i the rules of the Senate be suspended, so as to ad-'
! mit the ladies from the lobbies to the floor. It is
j one which requires unanimous consent for its
! adoption.
I Mr. FOOTE. A single remark, Mr. President.
' This motion addresses itself to not only the gal-
I lan try of the body, but to its sense of justice. I he
! ladies were admitted yesterday, and participated
j in the intellectual banquet then spread for us.
j They were all dismissed before the feast closed, and
! I insist upon it that, m sheer justice, they should be
j admitted to hear the continuation of the speech of
the Senator from Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the motion will be considered as
adopted. , .
Ladies were accordingly admitted to the pnvi-
■; leged seats, and to ladies the circular gallery was
exclusively devoted.
MR. CLAY'S COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the resolutions submit-
ted by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.]
Mr. Clay resumed and concluded his argument
in their support. His speech will be found in the
Appendix. After Mr. Clay had concluded,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 7, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday (which was very long)
was read. . .
Mr. MILLSON rose to a correction thereof.
His name (he said) was recorded in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Carter,] limiting the amount to be paid for the
original manuscript of Washington's Farewell
Address. He had voted in the negative.
TheJournal was corrected accordingly, and was
then approved,
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called for the
regular order of business.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
The SPEAKER said that the business first in
order was the resolution reported yesterday from
the Committee on Commerce by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.]
The resolution authorized the Committee on
Commerce to employ a clerk, at the usual com-
pensation, until the 30th of April next.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. McLANE asked for the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution, and expressed the
hope that it would receive the acquiescence of the
House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, held some conversa-
tion with the Speaker, of which nothing could be
j heard on the left of the chair. Mr. C. had yester-
day indicated an amendment which he desired to
I offer, providing that, in the event of the Commit-
tee on Commerce being allowed a clerk, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands (of which he was a mem-
ber) should also be allowed a clerk. And he was
understood now to claim the floor.
The SPEAKER stated, that to secure action
upon anamendment to any proposition pending be-
fore the House, that amendment must be reported
to the House from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. COBB withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BURT inquiied of the Chair, if the previous
question had been ordered.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BURT said he was sorry for it, and ex-
pressed the hope that it would be voted down.
The question was then'taken on the demand for
the previous question, but no quorum voted.
Tellers were asked.
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
And the question on that motion having been
taken and decided in the affirmative,
The resolution was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports, commencing where the call had
yesterday been suspended—with the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHCEN1X, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bill, which was read
twice, referred to the Committee of. the Whole on
the state of the Union, made the order for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed, viz: <
A bill to leturn the duties on merchandise in un-
broken packages, destroyed by fire in the city of
New York, in July, 1845.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills; which were read twice, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of E. Pafcnstedt and Schu-
macher; and
A bill for the relief of Ferguson & Milhado.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following resolution ; which
was read and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be,anil lie is hereby, authouzed to withdraw to mue*
ol his late annual report us embiaces the geological report
of Dr. D. D. Owen, Willi the view to enable corrections of
discovered errors to be made and the report to be completed
betore prinung.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following res-
olution, which was read and agreed to, viz:
Besohei, That the Postmaster General be requested to
furnishto this House a synop?w of the contract* manefor
the transportation of the mails by steamboat b-tWHen New
York and Chagres, and between Panama and ban Francisco
Also, to furnish information as to the amount of money
advanced upon such contracts, the amount ol femee ren-
dered under such contract and by what ve  *U, the tirnes*
of arrival and departure, the points at which they have
touched in thfir trips, and the amount of revenue dmvea
from the transportation of the mails to California and Oie-
gon. _
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the memoiial of
the citizens of Cincinnati, praying for the erection
in said city of certain public buildings for the use
of the Government; and it was reterred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
i a bill for the relief of Brown &. Tarbox; which
' was read twice and committed to the committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed,
i Mr. HEBARD, from the same Committee, re-
|l ported a bill to pay James S. Graham and Walter
I; Pmnall the sum therein named; which was read
li twice and committed to the Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
| ^Mr'."BROWN, of Mississippi, from the Com-
, mittee on the Disti.ct of Columbia,
; without amendment, Senate bill to enable the
trustees of the Methodist Episcopal Church ot
' Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to hold
certain property in said town, for the purpose
therein stated; which bill was read the thud ume
^ivrTlNGE, from the same committee, reported
a bill to renew and continue in force the chatter
of the Potomac Insurance Company of George-
town, in the District of Columbia; which was read
