1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dent provision by law were indispensable before
a Delegate could be ad milled to a seat on this floor?
And will any one pretend that this House can
throw aside all these precedents, and admit a Del-
egate from a Territory where no provision has
been made by law for his election, and where no
territorial organization exists? I think our discre-
tion must be limited by the fact that we never have
admitted any Delegate until he has been elected
conformably with the organic law of the Territory
from which he claims to come.
But it has been argued by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. McGaoghey,] and he is the only
one who has presenied an argument in favor of the
applicant for a seat, that the case of the Delegate
from Wisconsin [Mr. Sibley] is an exception to
the rule which precedent has dictated.
I was a member of this House, sir, when the
Delegate from Wisconsin was admitted, and I hold
in my hand the reports of the majority and the
minority of the Committee on Elections in that
case. The report of the majority puts the right of
the Delegate to admission on the ground, that be-
fore he was elected the right to elect a Delegate had
been given to Wisconsin, and that the teintorial
organization had not been annihdated by the sub-
sequent admission of a part of the Territory into
the Union as a State.
I cannot take time to read this report; but if any
gentleman will take the trouble to examine it, he
will see that it is based on the position, that the
territorial government was not merged in that of
the State of Wisconsin, and that the Territory
was, therefore, entitled to elect a Delegate.
The minority of the committee thought that the
teriitorial organization had been extinguished by
the creation of Wisconsin out of the State. They
were of the opinion, that as there was no territo-
rial organization authorized by law, there could
be no election of a Delegate. So that, it was here
contended m both reports that ihe organization of
a Territory is a preliminary requisite before a Del-
egate can be elected. Mr. Sibley was admitted to
a seat. I know that one gentleman took the ground,
that he was willing to admit a Delegate from any
body of the people, though unorganized. But he
was a solitary instance. Mr. Sibley was admitted
because there was a territorial government organ-
ized there by a law of Congress.
The Delegate from Minnesota, in his remarks of
yesterday, while he admitted this fact, suggested
that the House must have entertained a different
opinion a short time afterwards, because it had re-
fused an appropriation to pay the expei.ses of the
territorial government. But this can be easily
explained, without adopting the conclusion of the
Delegate Irom Minnesota. The fact is, that there
was at the time of the rejection of this measure,
another bill pending for the organization of the
Temtory of Minnesota, into which the Territory
of Wisconsin was incorporated, and was the true
reason of the refusal to provide for the expenses
of Wisconsin.
Mr. SIBLEY. That bill was pending in the
Senate, not in the House.
Mr. STRONG resumed. So I agree. The
statement of the Delegate from Minnesota does
not vary from what I have said. There was at
the same time pending a bill for the establishment
of a territorial government in Minnesota, which
included an appropriation for the expenses of the
government, and embraced Wisconsin. There-
foie, the other bill was unnecessary. The case of
Minnesota, then, presents no exception, and we
are met, by this long line of precedents of sixteen
cases, asserting the necessity for a previous organ-
ization of a territorial government, and the elec-
tion of a Delegate in the mode prescribed by the
oiganic law.
Gentlemen who took the opposite view, seem
to feel the force of this, because they abandon
that ground, and say that Mr. Smith ought to be
admitted because he was sent here to represent the
opinions and interests of a body of the people. I
hold in my hand the journal of the convention,
under the authority of which he claims a seat on
this floor. That convernion denied the existence
of any organized government, but lecommends the
formation of a territorial government, and asks of
Congress to prescribe the form. It is clear, there-
fore, that Mr. Smith comes here from no organized
territorial government.
But it is said we should admit him because
he represents a large body of the people. To
1395
adopt this conclusion would be a departure from
all the principles on which we have uniformly
acted, when Delegates have applied here for ad-
mission. It is said that Mr. Smith was elected by a
convention of the people. How was that conven-
tion called? A number of citizens met together
in August, 1849, in accordance with the recom-
mendation of Colonel Beale, inviting the people
to meet in convention, for the purpose of framing
a constitution. For what purpose, then, was it
called? The proclamation of Colonel Beale shows
that it was called for two purposes:
First. "To concert such plans, and adopt such measures
as may be most effectual to the auaimnuit of good civil
gove! nrrient."
Second. " To appoint a Delegate to ?o to Wa«?hmctmt to
enfoiee its suggestions and project*, and to urge the eaiiv
action of Congi ess ni itij beliail."
I read from the proclamation which I have be-
fore me.
Thus, then, it appears from the very authority
under which this convention assembled, that it was
not one of its objects to elect a Delegate to Congress.
There was no such power conferred on this con-
vention, as this statement shows. This is a case
which is very unlike the case of Desert, where
( the people elected a Delegate to a seat in this
1 House. Mr. Smith, then, cannot be viewed as rep-
resenting the people of New Ncxico. He comes
^ here with no such authority. He cannot repre-
sent them. The people of New Mexico have
I never committed such a trust into his hands. I
i would ask the attention of those who think that
| Mr. Smith was elected by the people, to thisprncla-
| marion of Colonel Beale, which shows that it was
' no part of the business of this convention to elect a (
Delegate, and that it had no authority to <ro into 1
j such an election for the purpose of having a rep-
I resentative to express the opinions and interests of ,
| the people of New Mexico m this body. j
! But, supposing that Mr. Smith had been elected i
I by the peopie of New Mexico, do you consider it •
; as safe or discreet to admita Delegate on this floor '
from a people who have no political organization > f
• Such a proceeding is not within the line of pre- j
i cedents. Adopt this course, and, at the next ;
i session, you may have an application from the S
I people living on the other side of the Rio Grande j
j to admit a Delegate from them, and he may come
| and present himself to us with precisely the same
j kind of credentials. And will you admit one from
I the east bank of the Rio Grande, and reject the
i one who comes from the west side of the liver?
> It becomes us to look well at the principle on
■ which we decide. "We are bound by precedents
I in the long practice of this House, to admit Dele-
i gates elected according to law and under an organ-
| ized form of government. There is no other mode
I than the one prescribed by law. It has been said |
i that it is merely the establishment of an agency. j
But there must be an oiganization of the territo- I
rial government before any one can be admitted >
here in a representative character. And if you ,
violate this principle which has been so long set- j
tied in our practice, you will have any number of J
applications for seats on this floor. :
How was it with Florida before she had any j
organized government? !sTo Delegate presented j
himself here; no one \vas admitted to a seat as j
her Delegate. How was it with Oregon ? That j
Territory was settled, and long before there was Jj
any organized government, she appointed a Dele- ''
gate to Congress; but no one held that he was en-
titled to admission until Congress had passed a
law establishing a territorial organization.
Adopt the other principle, and why should not
Georgetown appoint a Delegate and send him !<
here? Has she not the same right as New Mexi- ;;
co? Why may not Washington do the same? j
Why may not any of the wards of this city elect
Delegates and ask for their admission to beats on
this floor? I am for traveling on in the old way.
And until some eood reason shall be shown why
we ought to depart from the old and tried ways, I
will continue to adhere to them, and to preserve the
system which has hitherto been found to work
well for the country.
There is no possibility of relieving ourselves
from the present difficulties, except by adhering
to the principle that there must be apolitical or-
ganization of a Territory before we can admit a
Delegate from that Territory on this floor. There
is no other mode of preventing the confusion which
will be the result of the many conflicting claims
to seats which we must look for in the future.
Any number of these claimants for seats maypre-
sent themselves from California, Utah, the District
of Columbia, or wherever a squad of peopie may
meet together and resolve that their opinions shall
be represented. It is only by a strict adherence
to an established rule that we can prevent this
state of things, and the confusion which must re-
sult. But it is alleged that no harm can be done
by the admission of the Delegate from New Mex-
ico. Why, sir, it would encourage the settlers of
every part of the country where there is no politi-
cal organization to send Delegates to this House;
and should they do so, we ?hall be bound to admit
them to seats on this floor, if we yield to such
appeals as we have heard this day from those who
take ground in favor of the admission of Mr.
Smith.
This is precisely the view taken in the Conven-
tion which adopted the Constitution. It was urged
that such a course would be productive of evil.
There will always be a rush for public offices. It
will never fail to be the case that there will be a
struggle for the honorable position of a Represent-
ative in Congress, and the people will meet to-
gether and engage in a struggle for Ihe election of
particular individuals. And where we find squat-
ters on the public lands, they may unite in their
separate locations, and send a Delegate claiming a
seat on this floor; and you may have appeals of
this character eveiy session, and you undoubtedly
wilt have them.
And what is the advantage which it is said we are
to gain by admitting this applicant for a seat? it
is said that we shall obtain that information of the
local position and wants of the people of New
i Mexico, which we so much want. Do we want
any moie information as to the condition of New
Mexico than we required as to the State of Florida,
before her Delegate was admitted ? Or do we re-
quire it more than we do from California, or the
other Territories which are unrepresented in this
House? if not, why are we called on here to
make a distinction in favor of New Mexico? Does
any man suppose that we are likely to gain any
other advantage by the admission of this Delegate
! from New Mexico ?
' I am willing to admit, that if there be a territo-
| rial organization, and thus we are subjected to the
| duty of paying the executive, judicial, and legis-
lative officers of the Temtory, if, as in such cases,
appropriations are needed for public buildings or
for roads, the case is different. When we are re-
quired to expend large sums in a Territory, it may
be important that she should have a representa-
tive here as a medium through which information
might be communicated.
In reference to the boundary of the State of
Texas, it has nothing whatever to do with the
present question. That is a matter to be settled
by negotiation between the United Slates Gov-
ernment and the State of Texas, or by judicial
decision. It cannot be facilitated in its settlement
by the admission of a Delegate from New Mexico
on this floor.
In every view I have taken of this question, I
have been unable to see any advantages to result
from the admission of the applicant, which will
counterbalance the evils that would result from a
departure from the old and tried system.
I pass by the remarks which were made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] who seems
to consider the organization of a ttrritotial gov-
ernment as a mere incidental question, the princi-
pal one being the election of a Delegate. It may
with quite as much propriety and truth be alleged
that the Constitution of the United States is a mere
incident, and that the main principle is the election
of members of Congress. I have nothing to say
to such an argument as this, which appears to me
to be too puerile to deserve serious notice.
In regard to the other part of the case, it is said
that two thirds of the population of the State of
Texas are within the limits of New Mexico. I do
not intend to give any opinion as to the state of
things which exists as between Texas and New
Mexico. If I were to do so, I should be found to
difler materially from many of my friends on this
floor. But we are bound to look to the facts as
they are. There has been a claim existing on the
part of Texas since the year 1836, and by a num-
ber of my southern friends this claim is believed,
to be a valid one. I do not mean to express an
opinion whether it is valid or not, but there is an
existing claim of this Territory of New Mexico.
