302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
twice, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
On rrmtion by Mr. SA\VTELLE, the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from
the further consideration of the memorial of the
citizens of North Carolina, praying for the pas-
sage of a law to indemnify the citizens of that
State who suffered by French spoliations prior to
1800; and it was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of General Thomas
Sumter, late of South Carolina, deceased; which
was read twice, committed to the Committee of
■the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
bill and report accompanying were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, made an adverse
report on the petition of Sarah Bowler, of INew
York, praying indemnity for losses sustained by
her father by the depreciation of Continental mo-
ney received in payment for his services. The
report was ordered to he on the table and be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Colonel John Stone; which was read twice, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to, be [
printed. I
Mr. MiLLSON, from the same committee, re- j
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa- 1
tives of Colonel Willis Riddick, deceased; which 1
was read twice «and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. M1LLSON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the following cases, which
were ordered to lie on the table and he printed, viz:
On the memorial of the heirs of Moses Mathews,
praying indemnity for property destroyed during
the war of the Revolution.
On the petition of Gideon Bentley, for compen-
sation for his services as a minute-man during the
war of the Revolution.
CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. BISSELL, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, reported the following resolution,
viz:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report of the
Clerk of this House, showing the disbursements out of the
contingent fund for the year 1849, be printed for distribu-
tion.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, suggested that
an amendment should be made to the resolution
providing for the printing of the two reports of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives of the
Thirtieth Congress, in relation to the disposition
of the contingent fund. He believed it would be
conceded that he (Mr. J.) was one of the number
*of those "who were opposed to all unnecessary ex-
penditures of the public money; but this was a
document which ought to be printed and placed in
the possession of the people. If gentlemen would
look back to the two last general appropriation
bills, it would be seen that the sum of about four
hundred thousand dollars had been appropriated
for the contingent expenses of this House.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a point of order. He
believed, he said, that the rule of the House was
that the Committee on Printing should have charge
of propositions to print an extra number of a doc-
ument.
The SPEAKER said that the law required that
all propositions for printing an extra number of
copies should be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON said, he so understood, but he
understood also that this resolution was before the
House for its adoption.
Mr. WINTHROP submitted, moreover, that
no resolution providing for the printing of an extra
number of copies (except of the President's mes-
sage) could be acted upon on the same day on
which it was offered.
The SPEAKER said, no; if objection was
made to the consideration of the resolution it must
lie over.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] does not want any
of his communications to be exposed; he saw that
I was marching up to it. I want to get at more of
these communications if I can.
The resolution was laid over.
On motion by Mr. SWEETSER, the Committee
on Public Expenditures was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of Wm.
Wilson, of Connecticut, praying that the Protestant
University of the United States be endowed with a
grantof land; and it was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Richard
H. Barrett, of Georgia, which was read twice and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, was understood to have made an ad-
verse report in a case—name not heard.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. HOUSTON sent to the Speaker's chair a
resolution, which w^s read, proposing that so
much of the late annual message of the President
as related to the taking of the census be referred to
a select committee, to consist of five members.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER said that it was not in order,
the subject to which it related not being now before
the House. That subject had been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and was under its consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired of the Chair whether
it was in order to move to refer so much of the
message as related to this subject?
Mr. VINTON suggested, that the gentleman
might perhaps attain his object by moving first to
'discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from so much of the Presi-
dent's message as relates to the subject.
The SPEAKER said, the motion could only be
entertained by general consent.
Mr. HOUSTON said, his only reason for offer-
ing the lesolution was that the subject might be
acted upon promptly. Under the resolution of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Bayly,] the subject had been referred to that
committee. His (Mr. H.'s) sole object was to
accelerate action upon it. He moved, therefore,
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of that portion of the President's mes-
sage.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected to the motion
at this time.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the appoint-
ment of four additional Commissaries of Subsist-
ence; which was read twice, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of John G. Wilkinson; which was read
twice, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of Mrs. Janet H. De
Kay; which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Thomas G. Lay-
ton, and it was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Also, from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of James W. Low; and it was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LEVIN asked the consent of the House to
withdraw from the files the petition and papers in
the case of Mary Reeside.
Objection was made.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from the further con-
sideration of a memorial from Ohio, in favor of
making a grant of land to each of the free negroes
of the country; and it was ordered to lie on the
table.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the said committee
was discharged from the further consideration of a
memorial in reference to Indian lands in Minne-
sota ; and it was referred to the Committee on In-
i dian Affairs.
| TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. BOYD asked leave to introduce a resolution
providing that the 13th $nd 14th days of March
next be set apart for the consideration of business
relating to Oregon and Minnesota.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition
of Aaron Keeler for a pension; which was or*
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. WALDO, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged' from the
further consideration of the memorial of David
Belding, the heirof Moses Belding, deceased; and
it was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. WALDO, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following'cases, which were
ordered to lie on the table and be'printed, viz:
The petition of Daniel Story for a pension;
The petition of John Guleck for alteration of
the pension laws;
The petition of Mirabel Chandler for arrears of
pension;
The petition of Catharine Claiborne, the widow
of Major Richard Claiborne, for a pension.
Mr. WALDO, from the same committee, re*
ported a bill granting a pension to Avery Downer,
which was read twice, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SACKETT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases, which were ordered to he on the
table and be printed, viz:
On the petition of Elizabeth Patterson, the
widow of James Patterson, deceased, praying for
a pension for the revolutionary services of her late
husband; and
On the petition of Lawrence Van Dyck, heir of
Joachim Van Valkenburgh, deceased.
Mr. SACKETT, also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Deweyj
which was read twice, referred to the Committee
of the Whole, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. SACKETT, leave was granted
to take from the files the papers in the case of
Hector St. John Beatty; and they were referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported the following bills, which were
severally read twice, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for tl?e relief of Henry T- Evans;
A bill for the relief of George Cassady;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin B. Smith;
A bill for the relief of Benjamin F. Wesley.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the caseof AbijahT. Bolton for
a pension; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills, which were
severally read twice, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Lewis Hastings;
A bill for the relief of Eliphaz C. Brown;
A bill for the relief of C&mfield Averill.
Mr. W., from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports on the following cases, which were
ordered to lie on the table and be printed, viz:
On the petition of Walter Hatch, of Chatauque,
New York, for arrears of pension;
On the petition of William Roberts for a pen-
sion; and
On the petition of Marcus Spaulding, an invalid
pensioner, for an increase of pension.
Mr. AVERETT, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
William Slocurn, of New York; which was read
twice, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. AVERETT also, from the same commit-
tee, made adverse reports tn the following cases,
which were ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On the petition of March Flarrington;
On the petition of Robert Rose, of Ohio; and
On the petition of Samuel T. Wmslow.
On motion by Mr. FEATHERSTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of Col.
W. Il )pkiii> be taken from the files of the House and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from tha
Committee on the Judiciary, made an adverse re-
port on the memorial of the citizens of Cincinnati,
praying for the passage of a law to extend the juris-
diction of the United States, in certain cases, over
all the navigable lakes and rivers in the United
States; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
