i tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
There is another fact to which I desire to ad-
vert. The country is at this moment agitated by
various and strong dissensions. Different sections
of the Union are becoming estranged from each
other. With facts of this alarming import staring
us in the face, would it be quite discreet in us to
admit this Delegate from New Mexico to a seat on
the floor of this House? I do not mean to say
that the admission of Mr. Smith would be the ex-
tinguishment of whatever title Texas has, because
that is a question which cannot be determined by
the single action of this House. It is only as far
as this action goes that it can be considered in the
light of a denial of the claim of Texas. Texas
says, "We have a claim on all this territory of
.New Mexico." The action of this House may
show that it denies that Texas has any rightful
claim; and we then admit this Delegate from New
Mexico, thus saying that we regard this territory
of New Mexico as not in dispute. We thus shut
our eyes to the claim of the State of Texas, and
standing on the ground that we are acting inde-
pendently of any other branch of the Government,
admit this man to a seat in this House. Can any
one doubt that such a course will have a tendency
to aggravate these angry and bitter feelings which
are now agitating certain portions of our country ?
Does any one expect that it would not be produc-
tive of an indignant response? What might not
the wou-ided feelings of the State of Texas urge
her to do? While we are endeavoring to have
this boundary question settled m an amicable man-
ner, if this House should thus step in, and by
admitting the right of New Mexico to a separate
representation on this floor, thus taking this terri-
tory oat of the hands of Texas, would it not ex-
asperate the feelings of the State of Texas? And
would it not lead such of our southern brethren as
take part with Texas in this question to conclude
that we are evincing an entire disregard to the
feelings of the whole southern portion of our
country, and for no more important object than
the admission of a certain individual to the privi-
lege of obtaining his seat and his per diem J Would
this course have any tendency to conciliate the
existing differences which are prevailing in the
South and the North? Why then should we de-
cide in favor of this applicant, in the teeth of all
these menacing evils?
In whatever light I have viewed this question—if
as a matter for the exercise of the discietion of
this House, or in any other light—1 think-that the
House ought to pause long before it sanctions any
departure from the established usages of the Gov-
ernment, especially where the effect would be to
throw a new element of agitation into the country,
at a moment when the whole of our Union is in a
state of convulsion.
I have nothing more to say, Mr. Chairman,
except to thank the House for its attention.
The committee then proceeded to vote.
The state of the question was this:
The majoiity of the Committee on Elections
had reported the following resolution for the adop-
tion of the House:
Resolved, That it is inexprcriirnt to admit Hu h N. Smith,
Esquire, to a !?edt 111 tins House as u Delegate lioni Now
Mexico.
And Mr. McGAUGHEY, from the minority
of the said committee, had moved to strike out
from the said resolution all after the word " Re-
solved," and insert the following;
Resolved, Thrtt the said Hugh N. Smith be admitted to ,i
seat m the Hou^ of llepiesenuuves of the Umt< a States
a> a Delegate from New Mexico.
Mr. CROWELL rose to offer a similar resolu-
tion to that proposed by Mr. McGaughey.
The CHAIR said that was now the pending
question.
Mr. CROWELL requested Mr. McGaughey
to withdraw.
Mr. McGAUGHEY said he certainly should
not withdraw the resolution. It was the report of
a committee.
Mr. BOYD moved the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
"And that Alraon W. Babbit be admitted to a seat in
the House of Representatives of the United .States as a
Delegate from the IVmtory of Decern."
Mr. CARTTER rose to a question of order.
He submitted that the amendment of the gentle
man from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] had nothing to
do with the question before the committee. It
was a matter totally foreign to it, and it seemed to
him to be out of order to introduce it.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, for
reasons stated, but of which nothing connectedly
reached the ear of the reporter.
Mr. DUER appealed, on the ground that the
matters were not germane.
The CHAIR stated the question, and remarked
that the appeal was not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to be informed by the
Chair what the subject was which had been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order?
The CHAIR declined to respond to the inquiry,
upon the ground that it was indirectly opening
debate.
Some conversation followed between Mr.
Schenck and the Chair.
Mr, HOLMES moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken j and the affirmative
vote was declared to be 46.
Tellers (Messrs. Venable and Corwin) were
appointed.
And a count having been made, the vote stood,
ayes 57, noes 90.
So the committee refused to rise.
The (question recurred on the appeal of Mr.
Duer.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired of the Chair whether
the admission of a Delegate from Deseret was not
the subject-matter of another report before the
House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so stated.
Mr. RUMSEY called for the reading of the
i 54th iule, and requested the attention of the Chair
particularly to the latter part of it.
The rule was read, as follows:
"No motion or proposition, on a subject different fiom '■
that under consideration shall be admitted nnd.'r coior ot
amendment. No bill, or resolution, shull, at any tinjf, bo
amended by annexing thereto, or meorpoiating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from New York to inquire if
there was a proposition pending to admit Mr. 1
Babbit to a seat. The Chair would reply, that
there is no such proposition pending before the :
committee; the report of the Committee on Elec-
tions on this subject was adverse to the applica-
tion of Mr. Babbit, and the minority report in
favor of the admission is not pending—not having
been moved.
Mr. ASPIMUN. Is this appeal debatable?
The C B AIRMAN. The Chair has repeatedly
stated that he is not willing to be drawn into an
indirect debate in this conversational way.
The question being on the appeal,
Telleis were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Ogle, and Johnson of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes C2, noes 88.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed,and ;
the amendment was ruled out of order. j
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend- >
ment, by adding the words a for the present Con- :
gress." He said he would not withdraw the j
amendment, or make any live minutts speech. j
The question being taken, i
The amendment—by ayes 54, noes 52 was J
agreed to. j
The question recurring on the adoption of the |
amendment as amended, I
Mr. MEADE moved an amendment to the j
amendment—to insert at the proper place the !
words " from that portion of New Mexico lyin<y :
west of the Rio Grande." ° j
Mr. MEADE said: Mr. Chairman, my object 1
in offering this amendment, is to avoid the decis- :
ion of a question at this time fraught with the |l remarks to the few he had already made-
J to what extent it would have involved others.
The entire South is deeply interested in the ques-
tion, and Texas would not have been the only
party.
I have heard gentlemen, whose opinions are en-
titled to weight, express their belief, that had the
late Chief Magistrate lived, a civil war would have
resulted in sixty days from this time. This was
said without any intention of impugning his pa-
triotism. The right of Texas to all the territories
eastof the Rio Grande, is certainly one that admits
of doubt. No one can say it is free from diffi-
culty. Why, then, in the mere wantonness of
power, should the majority undertake to decide, in
this impromptu manner, a matter which so seri-
ously threatens the peace and harmony of the
country ? if gentlemen from the North do in truth
feel that love and veneration for the Union which
they profess, I ask them, in the name of that
Union so venerated, to abstain from a vote, for
which no urgent motive can be assigned. No one
will say that it is of 'much consequence whether
New Mexico has a Delegate here or not; no inter-
est of hers can suffer for the want of one; and why
unnecessarily add another to the numerous fire-
brands on this floor, which are even now hissing
forth destruction to the Confederacy ? Such a vote
would be another outrage on the South, the more
insulting, as it will be uncalled for and unnecessa-
ry, for it will only evince a general contempt for
every right which she may, under any circumstan-
ces, contend for.
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment at the re-
quest of
Mr. FITCH, who renewed the amendment, (not,
j however, pledging himself to sustain it.)
I In explanation, he said that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] had urged as an argument
against the resolution, as amended, that it com-
mitted the committee to a support of the boundary
of New Mexico as claimed by her. He (Mr. F.}
did not think that any such commitment followed;
but, even if it were so, the adoption of the amend-
ment of tfye gentleman would certainly commit the
committee to a recognition of the boundary as
claimed by Texas. He (Mr. F.) intended to vote in
favor of the admission of the Delegate from New
Mexico; but, in doing so, he did not understand
that he committed himself either way. He desired
to send to the Clerk's table, to be read, an amend-
ment, which he intended to offer when it should be
m order.
[The amendment was read, and will be found
in a part of the day's proceedings immediately
subsequent.]
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. MEADE made a verbal modification in his
amendment.
Tellers were asked and ordered on agreeing to
the said amendment.
Messrs. Houston and Conrad were appointed.
And the vote being taken, stood (so far as it
could be correctly heard) ayes 58, noes 96.
So the amendment of Mr. Meade was rejected.
Mr. GORMAN obtained the floor, but yielded
to—
Mr. FITCH, who now offered the following
amendment to the amendment:
" Piovided, That by such admission, this House is not to
be undei stood as expressing any opinion lelanve to Uie
conflicting boundaiy claim between New Mexico and
Texas."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. FITCH said, he did not desire to add any
most momentous consequences to the peace of the ,
country. One of the most important questions
which has presented itself before us this Congress,
is the one in relation to the relative rights of the
United States and Texas over the territory lying- j
east of the Rio Grande.
It is proposed by this resolution to admit the
Delegate from New Mexico, to decide without de-
liberation or discussion, a question which involves
not only the rights of a sovereign State of this
Union, but also the future peace and even exist-
ence of the Confederacy itself.
It is confidently believed, that had the late
President marched the forces of the Union into
that territory with a view of maintaining its author-
ity, it would have resulted in a conflict of arms.
Gentlemen may sneer at the impotency of Texas
in so unequal a contest, but, sir, no one could say
Mr. McGAUGHEY interposed, and asked his
colleague [Mr. Fitch] to yield for a moment.
Mr. FiTCH yiekled.
Mr. McGAUGHEY expressed his willingness
so to modify his amendment as to incorporate the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Fitch.]
The CHAIR said, that the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. McGaugh-
et,] having been already amended, it was not in
the power of the gentleman now to modify.
Mr. FITCH resumed. It was urged by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] that the
admission of the Delegate from New Mexico will
be equivalent to a declaration of opinion upon the
part of the House, adverse to the claim of Texas
to any portion of New Mexico east of the Rio
Grande. I shall vote for the admission of the
