1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill directing; the Secretary of
the Navy to purchase from Professor James P.
Espy his patent right for the Gonieal Ventilator,
for the use of the United States; which was read
twice and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
benefit of Joseph D. Ward; which was read twice
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Skel-
tofl Felton; which was read twice and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of John Forrest for
a pension; which was ordered to he on the table
and be printed.
On motion by Mr. MATTESON, it was or-
dered that the petition and papers in the cases of
Aaron Stafford, Henry N. Halstead, Warren
Raymond, and Parmelia Siavin, be taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MATTESON, the petition
and papers of Gideon A. Perry were ordered to
be taken from the files and returned to the peti-
tioner.
On motion by Mr. WALLACE, it was ordered
that the petitions and papers in the cases of Cap-
tain Robert Wilson andH Daniel Carroll be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion by Mr. ROBBINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of reporting a bill
to connect Fort Mifllm vvuh the mam land, in accordance
with the draft and estimates made by Major Bache, now in
the hands of Colonel Abert, Chief of the Topographical
Bureau.
EXPENSE OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following resolution:
Rao Iced, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union on the joint resolution of
the Semite, No. 1, limiting the expense of colleumg the
revenue from customs for the present fiscal year, shall cease
at two o'plock on to-morrow, the 8th inst.} (if the committee
shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the same ;) and
* the committee shall then proceed to vote on such amend-
ments as may be pending, or offered to the same, and shall
then report it to the House, with such amendments as may
have been agreed to by the committee.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second, the main question was
ordered, and (being taken) the resolution* was
adopted.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House again
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state df the Union, (Mr. Potter in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution "limiting the expense of col-
lecting the revenue from customs for the present
fiscal year,'5 and the amendment thereto pend-
ing.
"Mr. VINTON was entitled to the floor, but
yielded for the moment to—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who sent
to the Speaker's table an amendment, which he
intended to offer.
Mr. VINTON then resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee as follows:
Mr. VINTON said, that the act of 3d March,
1849, introduced a new system of paying for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from the customs
and the public lands.
Before that law went into effect, the expenses of
collecting the customs were paid by the collector
out of the moneys received by him, and the residue
or net income only found its way into the public
Treasury. By the act passed in March last, all
moneys received from the customs and from all
miscellaneous sources are directed from and after
jhr 1st of July, 1849, to be paid over into the
Treasury; and it is made the duty of the Secretaiy
of the Treasury annually to submit estimates to
Congress, to de'fray the expenses of collection, and
on these estimates Congress is required to make
specific appropriations to carry on this branch of
the public service, which appropriations are. drawn
from the Treasury like all other moneys for other
Departments of the Government.
Every branch of the public service has been here-
tofore provided for, and carried on, by means of
what are usually denominated specific appropria-
tions made by Congress from year to year; in
which, every head and item of expenditure comes
annually under the review of Congress, and.such
sum of money is appropriated for each specific
object as Congress may deem expedient. In this
way, the whole expenditures of the public money
come under the searching scrutiny of Congress,
and it enables the legislative power to decide what
retrenchments or reforms are necessary in any de-
partment of the Government.
This has been the mode of appropriating for the
Army, the Navy, the Judiciary, the Legislative
and Post Office Departments. Till 1836 the Post
Office was an exception to the general system, and
its expenses were defrayed directly out of its in-
come, without the money going into theTreasury.
In that year this Department was subjected to
specific appropriations, founded on detailed esti-
mates from the Postmaster General for that ser-
vice. Since that time, the expense of the collec-
tion of the customs and of the revenue from the
public lands, has formed the only exception to this
general system. The act of the 3d of March re-
quiring the gross receipts of the customs and the
public lands to be paid into the Treasury, and the
expenses of managing them to be paid for by spe-
cific appropriations, has reduced the whole public
expenditures to one uniform system. It is a most
valuable law, and ought to have been passed long
ago. But while it brought the collections from the
customs under the general system, the law pro-
vided for ari exception of a character that does not
apply to any other branch of the public service,
which is a provision that m no future year should
the expenses of collecting the customs exceed the
sum of $1,560,000. When we consider the grow-
ing commerce of the country, the expansion of our
settlements, and our new Territories to be settled,
and the new and accumulated duties that are al-
most every year devolved on the collection service,
it is, in principle, just as absurd to impose such a
limit on it as it would be to enact that in all time
to come the expenses of the Army, the Navy, or
the Post Office Department, should not exceed a
specified amount. That limitation is now known
to be insufficient, and Congress will be obliged im-
mediately to recede from it, or the most disastrous
consequences will result from it, to the great detri-
ment of the public interest. The joint resolution
from the Senate now before us, and the amendment
of it proposed by'the Committee of Ways and
Means, all have for their object to modify the ef-
fect of thati imitation temporarily, and till the end
of the present fiscal year, a little more than four
and a half months hence. The adoption of either
will amount to substantially the same thing. In-
stead of the sum of $1,560,000, the joint res-
olution proposes to appropriate for this year
a sum equal to the expenses of collecting the
customs in the fiscal year ending June 30th,
•1848. Under an impression, which arose from
an error hereafter explained, the Committee of
Ways and Means—believing that the expenses
of collections incurred in the first half of the
present fiscal year had considerably exceeded
half of the expenses of the year lfc>48, which
were two millions one hundred and thirty-two
thousand dollars, so as in fact, instead of leaving
half of this sum, to put only eight hundred and
forty thousand dollars at the disposal of the Treas-
ury Department for the last half of this year—
proposed the amendment now pending, which is,
to allow for the expenses of the last half of this
year a sum equal to one half of the whole ex-
penses of the year 1848. In the year 1848 the
collection of the customs was confined to the At-
lantic side of the continent. Since that we had
added what will doubtless prove to be the very
expensive districts ot California and Oregon. The
effect of the resolution as it came from the Senate, or
of the amendment pioposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means, would be, to compel a curtail-
ment of the expenses for the residue of the year
by a sum equal to afi of the expenses incurred on
the Pacific coast.
The amendment now offered by me proposes to
except California and Oregon, so as to give the
same sum for the Atlantic service that was ex-
pended in the same district of country two years
ago. And the immediate question now before the
i committee is, whether the exception that I pro-
| pose shall be made. Before proceeding to discuss
this proposition, I will answer a question that per-
haps every gentleman has already put to himself:
Why was this limitation on the expenditure in-
grafted on the act of 3d March last? With your
permission, I will give its history. When the
tariff bill of 1846 was under the'consideration of
the Committee of Ways and Means, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury Wrote a letter to their chair-
man, from which I will ask the Clerk to read so
much as relates to the expenses of collecting the
revenues from the customs. It bears date on the
23d of February, 1846, and is as follows:
" In compliance with your request, I send you the detailed
estimates under the proposed bill for reducing the duties
heretofore transmitted. The net revenue is estimated at
$23,927,493—the expenses of collection at $1,515,605, bemg
$53786,4 less than the last fiscal jear, notwithstanding the
supposed increase of importation, but under the proposed
bill that reduction of expenditures can and will be effected
by this Department."
The committee will notice, that the Secretary
uses the very strong and positive language, that if
his proposed tariff bill was passed, that reduction
can and will be effected by this Department.
On the 16th of the next month, Mr. Walker
as:ain called the attention of the Committee of
Ways and Means to this subject, in a letter to
their chairman, which is 83 follows :
" Sir: In my letter of the 23d of February last to you,
the statement was made, that the expense of collecting the
revenue could be reduced $337,864 bf low the expenditures
of the la?-t fiscal year. To insure thw result, I respectfully
recommend that a clause be inserted m the new lariff lull
limiting the expenses of collecting the revenue under that
bill to a sum not exceeding $1,520,000."
"The sum expended in collecting the revenue is now
almost exclusively within the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, the, payments are frequently made merely
upon his written order, without the intervention of those
checks appertaining to the liquidation of other accounts,
and the payment:? are not legulated by specific appiopru-
uons made by law, as in other case?. In my opinion, the
expenses incident to the collection of the revenue should
be rfgulated by specific appropriations, and the payments
made subject to the checks* apphCc^rie to the settlement of
other accounts. This great reiorm can only he introduced
by the legislation of Congress; hut it >ou think proper to
require the cooperation of this Department, it will be cheer-
fully granted." ^
The committee will bear in mind that the two
t objects proposed to be accomplished by the Sec-
retary in this letter were, the saving of expenses in
the collection of the revenue, and to provide for
them by specific appropriations. To effect this lat-
ter object, he proffers his aid to the committee. It
is haruly necessary to say, that the Committee of
Ways and Means were m favor of reforms so
very desirable. He was informed by the chair-
man that his recommendations met the approba-
tion of the committee; and on the 25th day of
May following he addressed another Jetter to the
chairman, as follows:
"Sir : Having been informed by you that the suggestions
made in my letter of the 16th of March Ja^t, so lar as re-
garded the limitation of the expenses incident to the,col-
lection of the revenue, and the tfuulauon of tho fame by
law, met the approbation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I enclo&e a provision for carrying the sugge&uona
into effect.
This provision, it is believed, should be appended as a
new section to the bill reported by the committee for re-
ducing the duties on impoits. Jf that bill j-hould not be-
come a law, and the provisions of the piesent tariff remain
unaltered, the expens.es incident to the collection of the iev-
enue, including drawbacks, fishing bounties, arid allow-
ances, cannot with safety be limited to the bum now pro-
posed by this Department."
The provision which he inclosed in that letter to
carry into effect his, former recommendations,
and which he desired should be ingiafted upon
the tariff bill then pending, was m these words:
"Be it further enacted. That the amount to be disbursed in
payment of the expenses incidental to the collection ol the
revenue shall not « xceed in the wholo, for the fi>eal year
ending the 30th of June, 1847, oi tor anv fiscal year succeed-
ing, the sum of one million five hundred and tw< nty thou-
sand dollars, and that the Secretary of the Treasuary shall
have full power to diminish an\ branch or item of <aid ex-
penditures so as to bring the aggregate amount within the
limitation above mentioned; and mat hereaftii the wuole'
crops amount of the public money* by whomsoever received
or collected shall he paid into the Trea>ury,and all expends
incident to the collection of the revenue. not exceeding He
amount above suited, shall be paid nut of any inontj >. in ihe
Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, and the accounts
thereof shall be rendered to the proper accounting officers
oi' the Treasury for adjustment by them. }
It is hardly necessary to say, that this proposi-
tion was a total departure from his recommenda-
tion to provide for the expenses of collection by
mecific all'i)T<rn)'iulionsi to effect which, he had prof-
feredhif i/d to the Committee of Ways and
Means. Specific appropriations would have
brought every branch of the collection service
under the review of Congress, and enabled it to
