1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
bined metals will be in a great degree obviated,
and it is questionable whether the five per cent,
heretofore allowed will not be extracted for profit.
The California gold contains from ten to fifteen
per cent, of silver; and should that be retained
without regard to its value, or changing the stand-
ard, every gold coin issued* from the mint would
-be melted for the purpose of extracting the silver.
Should the standard be changed, so as to make the
intrinsic and commercial value equal, new and
different dies would be required, and, to give uni-
formity of value, there would be a want of it in
dimensions; and to geta uniform standard of value
in the same coin, we should have two or more
sizes or kinds to express it. These reasons have
been deemed sufficient by the committee for de-
clining to recommend the proposed change, upon
considerations of domestic policy alone. But there
is a further and graver objection still, growing out
of our external commercial relations and foreign
exchanges. We may, to be sure, for all domestic
purposes, obviate many of the objections suggested
by statutory enactment; but whenever our coin
should reach the bank of England,and besubjected
to the general regulations of international com-
merce, our local laws would cease to operate, and
it would be rated as gold bullion, and nothing
more, and the silver value be a total loss to him
having to make payment.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom'was referred the bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Martin Fen-
wick, reported back the same without amendment,
accompanied by a report in writing; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committe, to whom
was referred the memorial of Thomas H. MacMa-
nus, asking the confirmation of his land title, sub-
mitted a report in writing, which was ordered to
be printed, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of the president and directors and company of the
Orange and Alexandria railroad, reported back the
same without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam," reported back the same with an amend-
ment. The amendment consists of a proviso to
the 4th section:
Provided. however, That no pueh vessel f-hall have less
than two boats fit and sale for use at all tunes."
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of D. A. Wat-
terston, asking payment for services performed us
a clerk to the surveyor general of Louisiana, re-
ported a bill to amend an act entitled " An act for
the relief of D. A. Watterston."
On motion by Mr. B , the Senate proceeded, as
in Committee of the Whole, to consider said bill;
and, no amendment having been proposed, it was
reported to the Senate, ordeied to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read a third time, and
passed-
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. WEBSTER, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the erec-
tion of a monument to the memory of Zachary
Taylor, late President of the United States; which
was read a first time by its title, and the second
timo at length.
The bill provider, in the first section, that the
Commissioner of Public Buildings cause to ^be
erected in the burial ground at the city of Wash-
ington a neat and appropriate monument to the
memory of Zachary Taylor, late President of the
United States, with a suitable inscription on the
same, stating the name, station, age, and time of
death of the deceased.
Section two provides that a sum not exceeding
§2.000 be appropriated for the cost thereof.
The bill having been read,
Mr. W. said: Mr. President, I will only ob-
serve, sir, that this act is copied from the resolu-
tion of Congress for the erection of a monument
for Vice President Gerry, who died in this city
while m the discharge of the duties of his office in
3814. It makes one alteration, and one only;
that is, it adds one thousand to the expense, if
necessary for the construction of the monument.
I do not wish to take the matter up to-day, if any
gentleman wishes it to be referred. Itis very much
a matter of course, or, if not a matter of course,
such a matter as will probably meet the approba-
tion of the Senate; and if no objection is made, I
should be as willing to see the bill passed to-
day as at any other time.
The bill was then considered in Committee of
the Whole; and, no amendment having been pro-
posed, it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time, and passed by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill authorizing the
payment of interest to the State of New Hamp-
shire for advances made for the use and benefit of
the United States, in repelling invasion and sup-
pressing insurrection at Indian Stream, in said
State; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
FUNERAL ADDRESSES.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, stating that it had agreed to the order
of the Senate for printing the pamphlet containing
the proceedings and remarks in both Houses of
Congress on the death of the lamented Zachary
Taylor, together with the funeral arrangements,
and the discourse of the Rev. Dr. Pyne, with an
amendment, in which they ask the concurrence of
the Senate.
The amendment having been read as follows:
Resolved, Th.u this House concur in the foregoing order,
wiih tho following amendment, viz • Aftor the word " print-
ed," m the 4ili line, insert the words "in conformity with
exifcting laws and contracts "—
It was concurred in.
DONATION OF LANDS.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider bill No. 274—being the bill
granting the right of way and making a donation
of land to the State of Alabama, in aid of the con-
struction of the Mobile and Girard railroad.
Mr. CLEMENS. This bill has been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, and is pre-
cisely, word for word, of the character of those
bills already passed, changing only the names
where it is necessary. The committee have re-
ported an amendment, and the question is now
upon that amendment.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and,
the amendment having been concurred in, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was subsequently read a third time, and
passed.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to provide for the re-
moval of obstructions in the river Savannah, in
the State of Georgia, and for the improvement of
the same,
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Piesident, this appears
to be a bill involving an important principle. Itis
a bill for internal improvement. We require time
to consider it.
Mr. BERJIIEN. Will the Senator allow me?
This subject htvs been considered before by the
Senate. The obstructions which itis proposed to
remove are obstructions which have been created
by the Government of the United States by sinking
vessels there. Tins case does not, therefore, in-
volve the question of internal improvement, by
changing the natural condition of things in the
river, but simply the removal of obstructions in-
duced by the Government itself. Upon that ground
bills of a similar sort have formerly passed. In
this case a survey has been made by the topo-
graphical corps. A report has been made which
has received the approbation of the head of the
department. It is not a question of internal im-
provement.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and,
no amendment having been proposed, it was or-
dered to a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time, and passed.
DR. THOMAS COOPER.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate, as
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the House bill No. 13—being the bill
to refund the fine imposed on the late Dr. Thomas
Cooper, under the sedition law, to his heirs; and,
no amendment being offered, it was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, and was read a
third time, and passed.
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
Senate bill No. 10—being for the benefit of the
Territory of Minnesota, with the amendment re-
ported thereto.
The question being taken upon agreeing to said
amendment, it was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, and, no further
amendment being proposed, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SHIELDS called for the third reading of
the bill.
The PRESIDENT suggested that the bill was
so long that it should not pass without engross-
ment.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I call for the special
order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair calk the special
order of the day; which it is his duty to do, if
there is no other business pending.
THE ADJUSTMENT BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of California as a State into the Union, to estab-
lish Territorial Governments for Utah and New
Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for the
settlement of her western and northern boundaries
—the question pending being upon the amendment
proposed by Mr. Benton yesterday.
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the Senate at length
in favor of the bill.
After a few remarks from Mr. CLAY and Mr.
HALE, the question was put on the amendment
of Mr. Benton, and it was rejected; as follows:
YEAS—.Vies?rs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Claike, Coi win,
Davis of Mit^nchiueUb, D«t}ton, Dodge ot' Wisconsin,
Greene, Hale, H.tmlin, Miller, Phtlp>, Seward, Smith,
Upham, Wales, and Walker—18
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Berrien,
Bradoury. Bright, Butler, Oas-s, Clay, Coop- r Dftvis of Mis-
sissippi, Dawson, Dickinson. Dodjii- ot Iowa, Downs-,Felch,
Foot*', IJou.-ton, Hunter, Jones, King, Mangum, Mason,
Morton, Norir?-, Peaice, Pr.itt, Rusk, St-ba-inin, Soul£,
Spruancp, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Welter, and
Yulee—36.
Mr. FOOTE then proposed the amendments,
notice of which he gave yesterday.
When, after a few words from Messrs. CLAY,
FOOTE, DAWSON, HALE, BERRIEN, DA-
VIS of Mississippi, and BUTLER, the further
consideration of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow. [See the Appendix for a full report of
these proceedings.]
Mr. YULEE, by unanimous consent of the
Senate, presented the petition of David L. Palmer,
asking indemnity for loss sustained in consequence
of illegal seizure of a cargo of live oak by the Gov-
ernment; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 7th instant, calling for the
report and map of Lieutenant J. D. Webster of a
survey of the Gulf coast at the mouth of the Rio
Grande and its vicinity, covering a report from
the Secretary of War, submitting the map and de-
sired report.
ORGANIZATION OF NEW MEXICO.
A message was also received from the President
of the United States, in compliance with a resolu-
! tion of the 27th ultimo, asking information re-
. spectmg a certain proclamation issued by Colonel
| John Munroe, in command of the ninth military
! department, and on othersuhjects, covering a com-
! munication from the Department of War, stating
j that the infoimation has been since received, and
j transmitting copies of said proclamation forwarded
j by Colonel Munroe, and his report relating to the
same; which were ordered to be printed.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after some time so spent,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 18, 1850".
The Journal oi yesterday u as read and approved.
RANK IN THE ARMY AND NAVY.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee on
