806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
being a member of the committee to which this
joint resolution from the Senate had been referred,
and differing from nearly, if not from every one
of the other njembers of that committee, as to the
necessity for the adoption of the resolution, he had
sought, and had had the good fortune to obtain the
floor, for tfce purpose ef making a few remarks in
explanation of the position which he occupied in
relation to the * subject.
It would be recollected that, prior to the 3d of
March, 1849, when the act referred to in this dis-
cussion had been pa^ed, the net revenue from
customs was always paid into the Treasury of
the United States; that the commissions, fees, and
compensations of the various officeVs engaged in
its collection, were retained by these officers, and
that the balance was paid into the Treasury.
By the first section of the act of the 3d of March,
1849, the entire receipts from customs—the gross
amount received therefrom—were required to be
paid into the Treasury of the United States, with-
out abatement on any account whatsoever. The
second section of that act made an indefinite ap-
propriation out of the moneys thus paid into the
Treasury for payments of debentures and draw-
backs.
The joint resolution now before the committee
was based, in part, upon the third section of the
act, and in part upon the fourth section. The
third section of the act- provides " that it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to sub-
mit to Congress, at the commencement of the next
regular session, estimates of appropriations which
may be required to provide for the expenses of
collecting the revenue from customs, and also from
the public lands, for the second half of the next
fiscal year, and separate estimates for the same
purpose for the year ending 30th June, 1850, and
similar estimates from year to year thereafter."
Now, (Mr. J. proceeded,) ifthelawhad stopped
•here, there would have been no means by which
the Secretary of the Treasury could have paid the
compensation due to the various officers engaged
in the collection of the customs. But the fourth
section of the act goes on and provides that " so
much money as may be necessary to pay the ex-
penses of collectors referred to in the next pre-
ceding section, including the first half of the next
fiscal year, and until specific appropriations for the
objects shall be made by Congress, be and the
same are hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury to be expended after the 30th
.Tune, 1849, under the direction of the Secretary
thereof, conformably to law and legulation."
If this section had stopped here, (Mr. J. pro-
ceeded,) we would not have heard of this joint res-
olution. There would have been no necessity
for it. But there was a proviso to that section,
which was in the following words:
" Provided, That the expanses of cnllpc-tinjr the revr-mie
from customs shall not thereafter exceed tin; sum of one
million live, hundred and sixty thousand dollais per annum,
together with ?ucil sums as under the law are paid into the
Tieasury, fur diaya^e, cartage, labor, and storage, and in
proportion for a le^^ tnrie.
Thus it was provided, (Mr. J. continued,) that
thereafter the expenses of collecting the customs
should not exceed the sum of one million five hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars. To what period
of time did the word " thereafter" refer—to what
part of the bill did that word apply ? To the first
section, which required the gross amount to be
paid into the Treasury ? He thought not. To the
second section, which made an indefinite ap-
-ropriation for debentures and drawbacks? That,
e thought, could not be possible. Nor did he
think that it applied to the third section, which
provided that, for the second half of the next fiscal
year, lhe Secretary of the Treasury should submit
specific estimates for appropriations for these ex-
penses, and specific estimates for appropriations for
each year thereafter. The indefinite appropriation
was made for the first half of the current fiscal
year. But was that all that this indefinite appro-
priation covered ? No. By the terms of the fourth
section, that indefinite appropriation was made to
cover not only the first half' of the present fis-
cal year, but until such time as Congress should
make specific appropriations. In his opinion,
then, and he spoke with great deference to higher
authority, the ttim "thereafter," in the proviso
to the fourth section, could refer only to that point
of time contemplated in that section when Con-
should make specific appropriations; and
E
when such specific appropriations should be made,
this proviso limiting the amount paid for the col-
lection of the revenue was to come into operation.
For his own part, he thought it unnecessary—mere
surplusage in the law, at the time it was placed
there. How did it come there? Was it placed
there for the limitation of the Secretary of the
Treasury ? If that had been so, and if, as some
gentlemen contended, it was to operate upon the
first half of the present fiscal year, and if the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue for the year com-
mencing; the first of July, 1849, and ending the
30th of June, 1850, were to be limited to one mil-
lion five hundred and sixty thousand dollars, a
very few and simple words would have supplied
the place of the entire section. All that need to
have been done, was to declare that for the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue from customs for
the. next fiscal year, the sum of one million five
hundred and sixty thousand dollars be and -the
same is hereby appropriated. That would have
been the whole clause.
But how did this proviso get into the bill? The
bill was passed by the House of Representatives
of the 30th Congress. At the first session of that
Congress it was sent to the Senate, where it re-
mained until the last day of the last session, when
it was passed and received the approval of the
President.
Again: If he was not mistaken, the bill was the
work of General McKay, formerly a member of
this House, and then a member of its Committee
of Ways and Means—a vigilant, and faithful,and
efficient representative, whose sleepless watchful-
ness ever guarded the interests of the country and
particularly the public Treasury. Why was it
that the framer of the bill put in this proviso? It
was upon the recommendation, or rather upon the
letter of Secretary Walker, who probably did not
upon all occasions come up in practice to his theo-
ries upon paper. By reference to the annual re-
port of that officer, at the commencement of the
first session of the 30th Congress, it would be
seen that Mr. Walker held the following language:
"Diminishing expenses being one of the best moans of
improving the finances, the cIwjtps of collecting the rev-
enue from custom5: have been carefully examined, anil every
retrenchment ma'le compatible with the public interests.'5
Now,- (Mr. J. continued,) the late Secretary
did not tell Congress that these expenses could be
diminished—but he said they had been diminished,
and every retrenchment had been made which
was compatible with the public interests. "The
saving thus effected," (the Secretary continued)
"notwithstanding the vastincrease of business, will
amount, it is believed, to nearly five hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum; not by reducing wages or
reasonable compensation, but by dispensing with
every officer or agent not absolutely required for
the public service; by curtailing the expenses of
the revenue marine; by introducing a more rigid
and perfect system of accountability; by classify-
ing the expenditures and arranging them in tables
under distinct hcads;and, above all, by subjecting
them to the same checks under the supervision of
the accounting officers of the Treasury as apply to
appropriations made by law in regard to which
Congress will no doubt be guided by that wise
and enlightened economy so important at this
time to the maintenance of the publiccredit."
Here (Mr. J. continued) we had the explicit
declaration from Mr. Walker, that the retrench-
ments which had been made were compatible with
the public interests, and that the expenses had
been reduced nearly half a million of dollars. By
rcfercnce to the preceding year it would be found
that these expenses amounted to about two mil-
lions two hundred thousand dollars. Deducting
this half million, (the amount by which the Se£
retary said these expenses had been reduced,) the
committee which reported the bill arrived, he (Mr.
J.) supposed, at this sum of one million five hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars; and that he sup-
posed to be the reason of the insertion of the pro-
viso here—certainly not to limit the Secretary of
the Treasury—but, as the Secretary had himself
said that he had made these reductions, Congress
inserted this limit here more as a direction to fu-
tuie Congresses rather than to the Sccrctarv him-
self.
By reference to the same section, he (Mr. J.)
thought it was clear that Congress did nofintend
to limit the appropriations, or make any specific
appropriations for the first half of the fiscal year
after the passage of the act. Why ? Because
Congress would «ot be in session, and could not,
therefore, have before them the specific estimates
required before the close, or nearly the close
of the first half of the fiscal year. jSongress,
therefore, required the Secretary of the treasury
to submit, at the commencement of the following
Congress, specific estimates for the expenses of
collecting the revenue for the second half of the
fiscal year. Congress would meet about the first
of December, and the second half of the fiscal
year would commence on the first of January.
But it might happen that Congress would not be
very prompt in passing a law founded upon such
specific estimates, and consequently an indefinite
sum—as much as was requisite—was appropriated
out of the Treasury to defray those expenses.
Clearly, then, as, he had before stated, the proviso
referred to the point of time designated in the fore
part of the section, when Congrpss should make
those specific appropriations. And it then lim-
ited the appropriations to the sum of one million
five hundred and sixty thousand dollars, and so
on in proportion for a less period of time. If he
was not correct in this construction of the law, to
what period of the year—to what particular time, he
would ask, could the latter part of the proviso re-
fer? It was not to apply to specific appropria-
tions for the first half of the present fiscal year; nor
was it to apply to the second half, unless Congress
should pass a bill making specific appropriations.
But if these appropriations were passed on the
first of the month, for example, they would apply
to the four remaining months of the fiscal year.
Such were his views of the law, and he must
act in accordance with his understanding of it.
He could not, as a Representative here, go back
and make a law applicable to any man, to the
Secretary of the Treasury, or to any Department
of the Government, six, eight, or ten months be-
fore that law, in his judgment, was in force.
And, in his opinion, if Congress should refuse or
fail to make specific appropriations to defray the
expenses of collecting: the revenue, the fourth sec-
tion of the act of 1849 stood in force; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would have at his com-
mand the entire aggregate amount paid into the
Treasury from customs to defray the expenses of
their collection.
Under these circumstances, what should be
done? He thought that abuses existed in the
squandering of the public money in the various
Departments of the Government. He might say
that he had lost all hope of seeing those abuses
corrected. He was satisfied that there were abuses
as great, perhaps greater in the collection of the
revenue from customs than in any other branch of
the public service. He would go as far to correct
these abuses, to limit expenditures, and to hold
the officers of the Government charged with the
collection of the revenue to strict accountability
as any other member of this House. But he
wanted to do what was right. He wanted to com-
mence at the right point, and he wanted every offi-
cer to know the law under which he was to act,
and then to hold him accountable for its execution.
If the Seretary had discharged his duties in com-
pliance with the requisitions of the third section,
there might now be a proposition before the com-
mittee, making specific appropriations for the re-
mainder of the present half of the fiscal year. That
third section declared, "that it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury to submit to Con-
gress at the commencement of the next regular
^session, estimates of appropriations which may be
required to provide for the expenses of collecting
the revenue from custom?, and also from the pub-
lic lands for the second half of the next fiscal year,
and separate estimates for the said purpose for the
year ending the 30th June, 1850, arid similar esti-
mates from year to year thereafter."
He thought (he continued) that the Secretary of
the Treasuiy, in utter disiegard and contempt of
this section, had failed to comply with its requisi-
tions—he had failed to submit specific estimates
for the expenses of collecting the revenue for the
present half fiscal year, as required by the third
section of this act. The Secretary had submitted
what he might consider specific estimates, but
what he (Mr. J.) considered as aggregate esti-
mates. The Secretary had, for example, stated
what it had cost to collect the revenue from cus-
toms for the year ending the 30th June, 1849, as
follows: "Per account rendered, §2,152,757 48;
