1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S07
amount of additional compensation claimed under
the act of July 7th, 1838, estimated at $15,000; ex-
penses incurred but not paid on the 30th of June,
1849, estimated at $32,242 52."
Very close estimates indeed, (continned Mr. J.)
He presumed that the amount which had actually
been paid out, the amount which it was known
would have to be paid out, and the amount which
it was expected would have to be paid out, would
reach the round sum of two millions two hundred
thousand dollars—no fraction or part of a dollar.
The Secretary took this as a basis, and submitted
one-half of it to Congress as an estimate for the
expenses'of collecting the revenue from customs
for (he current half of the fiscal year.
Here, then, (Mr. J. continued,) were aggregate
estimates, and not estimates such as he conceived
were required by the third section of the act, for
specific appropriations. He thought that a fair
and honest compliance with the requisitions of
that section would have made it the duty of the
Secretary to have submitted estimates to Congress
showing what amount would be required for col-
lectors, for naval officers, for deputies and assist-
ants, for clerks, for inspectors, for weighers and
gangers, and for all the various officers connected
with the customs at New York; how much the
revenue marine attached to that station required;
how much all the different branches of the service
at the several custom-houses required. Congress
could then look into them, and inquire of the Sec-
retary whether this or that branch of the service
could not be sustained for a less amount; whether
a less sum might not answer for inspectors, for
weighers, gaugers, or clerks; whether the number
of revenue-cutters and boats might, not be re-
duced. Congress would then have estimates upon
which to base specific appropriations, and take
thp responsibility upon itself of telling the Secre-
tary of the Treasury what expenses he should
dispense with, and in what particular branches of
the service he should curtail or retrench. This
the Secretary had entirely failed to do, and conse- ,
quently Congress had not the data here required
by the law to enable it to make specific appropri-
ations. If they had such estimates before them,
did any gentleman suppose he would confine him-
self to voting for a bill appropriating the sum of
one million five hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars? Suppose, upon examination, and upon spe-
cific estimates being submitted, Congress should
come to the conclusion that the service could be
performed for a less sum, did gentlemen suppose
that Congress would still appropriate the sum of
one million Ave hundred ana sixty thousandMol-
lars ?
He repeated that theSecretary of the Treasury,
instead of submitting specific estimates, as re-
quired by law, for the present fiscal year, had
put down the round sum of $2,780,000 This he
charged also to be the case with the Secretary's
statement of the expenses of the last fiscal year.
He proceeded at length to read from tables of
figures contained in the report of the Secretary,
of expenditures for naval officers, surveyors'offi-
cers, weighers, gaugers, measurers, appraisers,
public warehouses, revenue cutters, &c., to show
the enormous expenditures under these various
heads, and the vague and indefinite statements
thereof. He pointed out under each of these
heads large discrepancies between the statement
in the report of the aggregate expenditures and his
own computation thereof, based upon the addition
of the few items given. With reference to m
item under the head of 44 revenue cutters," hav-
ing reference to certain expenses of a revenue
■cutter at Montreal, he said that these revenue
cutters might be important, even indispensable to
the protection of the revenues of the country, but
he could not conceive any possible necessity for
them to leave the port of New York—to leave
the shores of the country where they were placed
to protect, the commerce of the country, and go to
Montreal, a city within the dominions of her
Majesty, Q,ueen Victoria, there to give entertain-
ments at the expense of this Government. And
he doubted not m so doing they had made the
sailors, the free born American citizens employed
under them, the menials and slaves, and if they
dared disobey the orders of the lowest of these
revenue officers, had flogged them at the yard-
*fMr. HOUSTON interrupted, and inquired if
the honorable member from Tennessee could
inform the House at what time this entertain-
ment at Montreal was given. If he (Mr. H.)
understood correctly, this very item was for ex-
penses running back through the last fiscal year.
Mr. JONES. I care not at what time it was
given.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very important.
Mr. JONES repeated, it was immaterial to him
at what particular time this transaction had taken
place. He claimed to be a Democrat, but he
thought* his course on this floor during the last
Administration would sustain him in the assertion
that he was never willing to cover up the misdo-
ings of any public officer of this Government, be
he Whig or Democrat,
Some conversation arose between Messrs.
SCHENCK and JONES as to the manner of flog-
ging on board the revenue-cutters. Mr. Schenck
being understood to suggest that it was not at the
yard-arm, and Mr. Jones to say that the place
where was immaterial if the sailor were stripped and
flogged on his bare back. He (Mr. J.) also alluded
to the severity of the floggings in the navy as
far exceeding those inflicted upon the slaves on
any plantation south of Mason and Dixon's line,
and said he would go with the gentleman from
Ohio most cordially to abolish the whole system
of flogging in the navy.
Mr. HOUSTON again interposed, and dis-
claimed having intended any reflection upon the
honorable member from Tennessee in the inquiry
which he had previously addressed to him.
Mr. JONES said, he did not understand the re-
mark of the gentleman as a reflection upon him,
but upon his party, and he went for his party be-
cause he believed it the most honest, and the only
party under whose auspices the Government could
successfully be administered. His experience,
and his observation, and his reading had- con-
firmed him in that opinion,and he was determined,
so far as he could, to hold his party to a proper
accountability and to a faithful discharge of their
duties.
After further reading various ite'ms of expendi-
ture, which seemed to him very extravagant, he
said there might be explanations given; but he
complained, if this weie the case, that they had
not been given by the Secretary, and the svhole
matter placed within the distinct understanding of
Congress, both by'specific statements of expendi-
tures for the past and specific estimates for the
present fiscal year, as contemplated by the law.
But when we come to look at the history of this
Government, and the practices under it, he said it
appeared almost a farce for Congress gravely to
set about requiring estimates and making the esti-
mated appropriations to defray the expenses of the
Government. They appropriated for any branch
of the public service, and when the money ap-
propriated run out, the officers having the con-
trol of that branch of the scrvice went on as
though they had unlimited power to incur and
throw upon the Treasury whatever burdens they
might think proper. It had been the case ever
since he had been here; in this waydeficiency bills
come in at almost every session; he expected one
for this year would soon be brought before them.
Now, according to his view of right and justice,
the officer who was charged under oath with the
execution of a law when the money placed at his
disposal was exhausted, was bound to slop and let
the responsibility fall where it properly belonged—
upon the representatives of the people, who had
refused or failed to make the appropriations ne-
cessary to carry on that branch of the public ser-
vice.
He referred, as an instance of this character, to
the Department of the Interior. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, very much against his wishes,
he said, a bill had passed Congress establishing
that department, which bill provided for the ap-
pointment of the Secretary of the Interior, fixed
his salary, authorized him to appoint a chief clerk,
and fix his salary, and provided for the transfer of
various clerks and bureaus from other departments
to this. The Secretary of this department, he
said, when he had come in, had taken the law into
his own hands, and, supplying the defects which
Congress had left in the law, he had, without au-
thority, called to his aid such clerks as he thought^
proper, and fixed their salaries at his good pleas-
ure; and now he came forward and asked Con-
gress to make appropriations to meet these ex-
And he supposed it would be urged that
the appropriations asked should be made, on the
ground that the persons who had performed the
service had acted under the authority of the head
of a department, and that it would be un just and
dishonest in the Government not to pay them.
Mr. J. having concluded—
Mr. WINTHROP rose and said that he in-
tended to confine his remarks, as his friend from
Ohio before him [Mr. Vinton] had done, to the
resolution before the committee. Indeed, His friend
from Ohio had treated the subject so ably, and so
entirely exhausted theargument, thathe (Mr. W.)
might almost despair of adding anything to it.
Owing to the peculiar position he occupied, how-
ever, as the Representative of one of the great
commercial cities of the Union, he felt himself
bound, in a very few words, to state his strong
sense of the importance of speedy action on the
resolution.
With theexcepfion of about two or three millions
of dollars, at most, received from the sales of the
public lands, the whole amount on which the Gov-
ernmentrehes for the support of the navy, the army,
and the civil list, is derived from the revenue from
the customs. In some years this revenue has ranged
in its aggregate from twenty to twenty-five and
thirty millions. Indeed, if what he had heard out of
doors, from those who take an interest in the mat-
ter, were true, during the present year the amount
would not be less than the fearful sum of forty
millions, collected under the operation of the tariff
law. He said this from authority which he believed
to be sufficient. He called this a fearful sum, for
he could not calculate what must be the effect on
the industry of the country of such a vast increase
of our imports. We have a Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to whom has been assigned the duty of carry-
ing out our tariff system; who has to operate in a
wide sphere of duties, and to collect this immense
revenue; and we have made him responsible for
the faithful execution of these duties. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who has been appointed to
collect this revenue, has come to us and informed
us that it will be out of his power to collect that
revenue for the remaining six months of the pres-
ent fiscal year, at the cost to which he is limited
by the act of 1849. And here we are exhibiting
the extraordinary spectacle of seriously endeavor-
ing to embarrass the collection of this revenue, to
tie up the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and to subject the commercc of the country to a
thousand petty vexations arid annoyances, for the
sake of saving a few thousands or hundreds of
thousands of dollars during the remainder of the
year.
Econopny was always-to be regarded as com-
mendable, and particularly so under a republican
form of government, such as ours. But such
cconomy as this, which was now contended for,
he had never before heard of, except, indeed, in
the case of the rustic in the fable, who, in order to
obtain the treasure which he coveted, ripped open
the goose to obtain the golden eggs. There could
be no economy in trying to save five or six hun-
dred thowsand'dollars, outof a revenue amounting
to forty millions, by paralyzing the means by
which that revenue was collected, and by distuib-
ing the source whence it flowed.
He begged, however, that he might not be mis-
understood in relation to the act of 1849. That
act was passed with a good and a wise object—to
bring, hereafter, the cost of the collection of the
revenue under the annual supervision of Congress,
instead of being left cntiiely at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury. It provided* that
instead of the net amount of the revenue being
paid into the Treasury, as had heretofore been the
practice, the gross amount hereafter should be paid
in, and the expenses of collection to be made the
subject of specific appropriations. So far, so
good. But the law was incomplete, and entirely
impracticable as it stood. It was the corner-stone
of an excellent system, but no superstructure had
been raised on it. It looked to annual estimates,
and annual appropriations founded-on those esti-
mates, to pay for the cost of collection. But no
such estimates for the next six months had ever
been submitted to Congress, and no such appropri-
ations had been made by this body. Instead of
this, a round sum had been appropriated to cover
the whole cost, and this, a merely experimental
sum, and, as it now abundantly appealed, a
wholly insufficient mm.
Now, he asked, what would be thought if such
