1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imt
nized powers in the House. Under the power of
prescribing rules for its proceedings, the House
may be entitled to extend the privilege of mere
admission to whom it please, come from whence
he may; but to receive a Delegate from aTerritory,
or any other place, without previous authority of
law, would be wholly beyond its powers, and
clearly unconstitutional. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD renewed it, and said, that
those who asserted the independent claims of the
inhabitants of New Mexico against Texas, based
that assertion upon grounds as fatal to the rights
of the United States as to those of Texas. Texas
claimed by light of conquest, and the United States
claimed by right of conquest. What rights have
those inhabitants as against Texas that would not
be good as against the United States? The right
to make conquest was as perfect in Texas as in the
United States! Each claims to be the conqueror,
and the only question that can be reasonably made
is, who was the first conqueror ?
Now, no one will deny that if Texas be a con-
queror at all, she was the first conqueror, and if
she have any rights at all, they are prior to those
of the United States. But it will be enough to
show, that Texas had color of title, in order to
establish the proposition that the United States
should first ascertain her claims before attempting
to exert any adverse claim. What, then, is her
color of title? She claimed all the county east of
the Rio Grande before she came into the Union;
all the pub ic lands east of the Rio Grande were
estimated as the property secured to her as the
equivalent for her impost system, transferred to the
United States. In estimating the relative amount
of free and slave territory, all gentlemen on this
floor, of every political party, spoke of the entire
country east of the Rio Grande as slave territory
At the time of her annexation, the maps referred
to made the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its
source, the boundary, and the late treaty with Mex-
ico referred to, and was accompanied by such a map.
Now, it is not necessary to show that the title
of Texas, in its feeblest aspect, is as good as that
of the United States in its strongest aspect, which
is the meie right of conquest. It is enough to
show that she had color of title prior to all title in
the United States, and that the UnitediS ates re-
peatedly, and m many forms, recognizdkthis title
—recognized it by their treaty-making authorities,
the only authorities to which Texas ever intended
to commit the question of boundary between her-
self and Mexico, it being a question of foreign re-
lations; for no one ever suspected that Texas in-
tended to make her territorial claims, as an internal
question, subject to internal regulation by the
United States.
Texas, then, having colorable title, and prior
claim to the United States, it is incumbent on the
United States to exercise no claim against hers,
until hers be shown to be groundless. And uniil
her claim beset aside, the United States are bound
by solemn constitutional provision, to protcct her
against " domestic violenceto aid her u in sup-
pressing insurrection." But instead of dischar-
ging this solemn duty, you become the abettors of
insurrection among the people of Texas. You
might as weli give a seat to a Delegate from a meet-
ing in every county in Virginia, as to this Delegate,
sent here by a county of Texas. Texas should,
at every hazard, demand at your hands, the aid
she is entitled to, and if you refuse, to treat you us
instigating her people to rebellion.
Mr. W. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CROWELL renewed the amendment. He
said, it seemed to him that the objections urged
against'the admission to a seat in this House of
the Delegate from New Mexico, as settling the
question of boundary between Texas and New
Mexico, was entirely removed by the adoption of
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch.] What was the objection taken by
the report of the majority of the committee to the
admission of this Delegate? The controlling objec-
tion, to use the language of the report, was, that
Texas claimed a portion of the territory of New
Mexico, and the argument was, that if a vote was
now taken upon the naked proposition of theadmis-
sion of the Delegate, and that proposition should
prevail, it would virtually decide the question of
boundary in favor of New Mexico. That was the
objection which it was pretended was to be shunned
and avoided.
Now, by the adoption of the amendment to
which he had referred, no such conclusion would
follow hy the admission of the Delegate. He was
admitted here for the purpose of giving this body
information as to the Territory which he repre-
sented. The boundary question would remain as
it was. The conclusion was expressly disavowed
that, by admitting the Delegate, the House was in
any manner acting upon the question of bound-
ary.
But constitutional objections were interposed.
Where, he would ask, was the power found in
the Constitution to send our armies into foreign
territory to subdue them and to annex them to the
Republic} There was not a word of authority in
the Constitution. But this territory had been ac-
quired, and now, it was said, we had no power to
govern it. It was now said that the Constitution
was silent about the admission of delegates to rep-
resent the interests of the Territories which had
been conquered and annexed without any consti-
tutional power or right. Why were delegates ad-
mitted at all? Congress needed information. It
might be obtained by the admission of delegates;
it might be obtained by the organization of com-
mittees to sit during the sittings or during the re-
cess of Congress, to enlighten this body upon im-
portant matters upon which it might be called to
legislate. That information might be obtained in
a variety of ways. But the right to legislate car-
ried with it, the right to obtain the information
upon which that legislation was to be based. The
constitutional objections raised here were light as
air; to call them moonshine would be to give too
much weight to them. It was most important
that Congress should be acquainted with the coun-
try under its jurisdiction, and he knew of no better
mode by which that information could be obtained
than by the admission of a Delegate. Other means
might be resorted to. This was an answer to the
constitutional objection; objection 
The hammer fell.
Mr. C. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOLMES renewed the amendment, and
said, that he would prove conclusively that the
title to New Mexico, on the Rio Grande, was in
Texas, and he proved it thus: The title was ac-
quired by the United States in a war with Mexico.
That war was entered into by the United States
under a title from Texas to acquire New Mexico.
The United States, therefore, acted under a power
of attorney fiom Texas to litigate the title with
Mexico. That litigation resulted in the acquisi-
tion of the territory, and, of course, it was for the
benefit of the principal who gave the power of
attorney—that principal was Texas. It is said,
however, that the passage of our troops from the
Nueces to the Rio Grande was unjust, because j
Texas had no title to the territory. To this, he
(Mr. H.) replied, that the conclusion could not
thus be averted, because, having accepted the title
of Texus, and under that power prosecuted the
claim, and acquired the property as agent for
Texas, she cannot turn round and deny the power,
however unjust may have been the means of the i
execution of that power. Now, he contended that
to admit the Delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico, would be to deny the title of Texas by
virtue of which New Mexico was acquired. In
addition to this, he remarked, that to admit the
Delegate from New Mexico would be to have a
Delegate from a Territory where there was no
territorial government, which involved an ab-
surdity. In addition to this, it was precipitating
the civil commotion which is threatened between
Texas and New Mexico, and consequently, be-
tween Texas and the United States. There was
not one benefit to result from admitting the Dele-
gate, whilst various were the evils which might
result; and that it was not the part of wisdom to
incur serious risks without any benefit likely to
result.
Mr. H. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I renew it. And I do it because
I do not mean to withdraw it.
Mr. TAYLOR asked Mr. B. to withdraw.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. McMullen and the Chair.
Mr. GREEN stated his amendment to be to
strike out the words "as a Delegate from New
Mexico."
Mr. HARALSON called for tellers.
The amendment of Mr. G. was subsequently
withdrawn.
Mr. STRONG renewed the amendment, and
desired to say a word, not in reference especially
to the amendment, but to the state of the que'stion
before the committee. It must be very obvious to
gentlemen on all sides of the Hall, that there was
but a single issue here pending; and he was unable
to see that any advantage was to be gained by put-
ting amendments in so many shapes. The single
question was, whether this committee was pre-
pared to receive Mr. Smith as a Delegate, sent
under the circumstances in which he was sent.
Now, what was to be gained by endeavoring to put
amendment upon amendment, and thus preven#
the action of the House? He had risen to appeal
to the committee to vote upon the main question,-
and not occupy the whole day in accomplishing
what might be accomplished one way or the other
in half an hour. He hoped there would be no
more debate or amendments offered.
Cries of 4i Agreed, agreed."
Mr. CONRAD inquiied of the Chair whether,,
in the event oP the rejection of the present amend-
ment, it would be in order to strikeout anyone
word in the matter proposed to be inserted, andtp-^
insert in lien thereof other words?
The SPEAKER replied, that it would be in or-^
der. s.-'
The question was taken by tellers;
Hall and Gould,) and decided in the negative^S^
ayes 67, noes 80.
So the amendment to the amendment -fra^
jeetcd. . C^SL*
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, inquired Jf,^tit-
pending the proposition to strike out and insert,
would be in order to move to amend the matter C't';
proposed to be stricken out? *
Some conversation occurred between the Chair-
man and Mr. Stevens on this point.
The CH AIRM AN decided to receive an amend-
ment to the original matter, in accordance with the -
uniform practice of the committee, though (he said)
his own judgment was, that such an amendment
was not in order.
Mr. STEVENS then moved to amend the ori-
ginal resolution by striking out the syllable " in,"
so as to read " Resolved, That it is expedient,*' &c.
Mr. RICHARDSON raised the point, whether
this amendment was in order?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that he should re-
ceive it in order, for reasons before stated.
The question, then, being on the amendment of
Mr. Stevens to the original resolution-
Mr. STEVENS said, he had proposed this
amendment so that, if the substitute of the minor-
ity of the committee failed, the same object might
be attained upon the original proposition. Now,
*he was i  favor of admitting a Delegate from this
Territory, for this reason: that this was an organ-
ized community—organized as a province of Mex-
ico—New Mexico was a party litigant befoie this
tribunal with the State of Texas. There were
large interests to be determined by this body as a
judicial body: Texas, one of the parties litigant,
had able, zealous advocates upon this floor to pre-
sent her case; at present, the other party, who
was equally interested in this legal question, had
nobody whose duty and interest it was, as her
Representative, to present and defend her rights.
Were the House to try this question tx parte ?
While Texas was here with her advocates end
judges to pass upon her own case, was the other
party to be denied the privilege of even being
heard > Was this House to act the part, of Rhad-
amauthus, the King of Hell—to condemn without
hearing ?
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown] had
said that the House must not admit a Delegate
fiom New Mexico, because Texas was a sover-
eign State, and hei claims should not thus be ques-
tioned. Was this a doctrine of justice—that the
one parr,y, because gieat and powerful, was to
be heard, and the other party, equally interested,
because weak and defenceless, was not to be heard?
This was not English or American justice, and
he was sure it could not commend itself to this
House.
Mr. MEADE appealed to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his amendment, to en-
able him to renew it and make an explanation.
Mr. STEVENS declined to withdraw it,saying
that he wanted a vote.
Mr. GORMAN again raised the question,
whether this amendment to the original resolution
was in order during the pending of a substitute?
