SOS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
a cotfrse were adopted in regard to other branches
of the public service? What would be thought
if Congress should pass a bill specifying a cer-
tain amount to be placed in the hands of the
Secretary of War, for the cost of the military
service, and limiting him to that amount, instead
of appropriating for the items of clothing, sub-
sistence, arms, ammunition, &c., according to our
present practice? Or, where would be the wisdom
of appropriating a specific sum, to which the Sec-
retary of the Navy should be limited, for the ex-
penditures for the support of the Navy? Or, of
giving a round sum to the President of the United
States, beyond which he must not go, to carry on
the business of the civil departments of the.Gov-
ernmcnt ?
The gentleman from Tennessee was not farfrom
correct in his construction of this law of 1849. The
system which it prescribed could not be carried on
until Congress should appropriate annual amounts
corresponding with the annual outlays. But where
did this act of 1849 come from ? It came from the
late Secretary of the Treasuiy, who, in 1846, re-
commended its passage, when he had been busily
engaged in constructing the new tariff law. The
Seeietary at that time was under great apprehen-
sions that he would not be able to make both ends
meet. He had his fears that his new tariff scheme
would not answer. And it would not have stood
the test, but, for the peculiar situation of Emope
aftei wards, end which no one had ever anticipated.
But the Secretary was fearful that the new tariff
would not answer, and he came to Congress for
this bill, and 'by the aid of that most economical
gentleman who was at that time the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, it was passed.
The Secretary retained his situation at the head of
the Treasury three years afterwards, but in all that
time, did he ever conform to his own estimate?
It was troublesome enough to conform to other
persons' estimates', but here the Secretary did r.ot
even conform to his own. He said he had re-
duced the expenses of the cost of collecting the
revenue as low as could be done consistently with
the good of the seivice; and yet he never came
within six hundred thousand dollars of the reduc-
tion which this bill prescribed! And why was it
proposed to put the present Secretary of theTreas-
sury in a worse position than the Seeietary who
had preceded him?
If the estimate of his friend from Ohio [Mr.
Vintonj was correct, (and he was perfectly satis-
fied that it was so,) the iate Secretary of the Treas-
ury had never expended less than the amount
asked for by the present Secretary. But this is a
question which, in its importance, ri^es far above
a mere comparison of the economy of one Seeietary
with another, involving as it does the great com-
mercial interests of the" countiy, the source fiom
which the Go\eminent draws us support. What
has the present Secretary of the Tieasury been
compelled to do? For the first time in the history
of our country, all our revenue-cutters have been
laid up. And what vvac the object of saving a
few hundred thousand dollars by this extraordi-
nary coutse, in comparison with the services ren-
dered to the country by these vesscU?
In his own district the service rendered by the
revenue-cutter Hamilton had been reputed as of
a character which was not to be estimated by a
money standard. Under the command of the gal-
lentCaptain Siurgis, this cutter had been eminently
successful, not only in rescuing vessels from de-
struction, but in the saving of human lives. In
the course of cght or ten years past, this cutter
had boarded and spoken more than fifteen thousand
vessels—had afforded relief, of the most essential
character, to hardly less than two hundred of
them—had absolutely saved the lives of eleven
persons, and had rescued from destruction, prop-
erty estimated at from three to six millions of
dollars!
He had heard it said the other day, that it
might be as well to abolish the levenue seivice,
on the ground that there was now no smuggling
going on. U would be just as wise to abolish the
police in this Capitol, because no one had yet set
the building on fire. It would be just as proper to
do this, as to abolish the revenue service because
there was no smuggling. The very fact that there
was no smuggling, and no attempt at smuggling,
was the best evidence of the fidelity and efficiency
of the service. But there might be a kind of smug-
; going on which no revenue-cutter could reach.
There is the extensive and injurious smuggling
under this new order of things, this free-trade sys-
tem, by means of false valuations and fraudulent
invoices, ih which goods are charged far below
their value. It became the Government and the
country to have a watchful eye on this kind of
smuggling. The door had been opened by which
frauds were daily practised which no revenue-cut-
ter can prevent. Already four-fifths of our trade
had been thrown into the hands of foreigners who
have their agents in this country. Already the
effects of this new system are demonstrated by
the breaking up of our home industry, by the
destruction of our woollen factories and iron
works. And what had done all this mischief?
It was not so much the low rate of the duties
themselves, as it was the impossibility of a full,
fair, equal collection of those duties under youi;
valorem system. The way to check this mischief,
to arrest the progress of this evil, was not by a
reduction of the custom-house officers, or by lim-
iting the Secretary in the collection of duties, or
cuttingdown the pay of officers below the amount
which would give competent men the means of
subsistence.
If any change was to be made, it should be the
employment of men of still higher competence,
and at an increased compensation, in order that
they may he raised above the temptation of being
bribed. That was the best way to insure a full
and fair collection of the revenue. It was a right
belonging to every merchant to require that his
neighbor should pay the same duties as himself,
and not by fraudulent invoices contribute less to
the public revenue. And he would repeat that
this measure, therefore, involved questions which
reached every honest American merchant.
The great object of the present bill, however,
was.to sustain the efficicncy of the revenue ser-
vice for the remainder of the present year.
Hereafter, if we approved the estimates of the
Secretary, we might carry out the law of 1849,
and make specific appropriations for all the vari-
ous items of the cost of collection.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means would then have an opportunity
to carry out the principles of economy which he
had so zealously professed. And he hoped the
gentleman would try his hand at it; although^it
appeared as if he exhibited much more zeal on
that subject now than he hau exhibited at any
time before the late President went out of office.
And it was generally the ease, that meeisures^of
retrenchment were urged by those who had just
relinquished power, and not while they were in
possession of it.
But in reference to the resolution before the com-
mittee, he again asked,Shall we,at a moment when
our revenue from customs is likely to be so much
greater than it has been at any foimer period of our
history, embarrass the operations of the Secretary
of the Treasury for the purpose of making a small
saving during the few months which remain of the
fiscal year? He denied that, in point of fact, the
adoption of tins limitation would be productive of
any saving. It would be an economy like that
of putting a cheap roof on one's house, or a cheap
fence around one's cornfield. It would cost more
than it would come to. While cutting down the
expenses of collection two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars, we might lose a million of the
revenue itself.
The honorable chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Means had alluded to the cost of col-
lection in England. Did he know how many
ports of entry there were in Great Britain?
Mr. BAYLY. As many as we have.
Mr. W1NTHR0P rejoined. There may he as
many of a certain sort. But there were not one-
fifth as many into which goods of all kinds can be
imported, as they can he into ours. There were
but sixteen ports, four years ago, into which East
India goods could be imported; but fourteen into
which tea could be imported; but ten in England,
and perhaps a dozen more in Ireland and Scotland
together, into which tobacco (one of the great arti-
cles of British import, from which a revenue of
seventeen millions of dollars had been derived)
could be carried. The system in her ports was
wholly different from ours. Here we are prohib-
ited by the Constitution from giving a preference
to any one State above another; while the Govern-
ment of Great Britain could select the ports which
were the most convenient. There might be as
many custom-houses there as we have, but there
was no analogy between the systems of collection.
He concluded with expressing his hope that the
resolution would be acted on, and that full power
would be given to the Secretary to enable him to
collect the revenue without loss to the public, and
without further annoyance to the mercantile inter-
ests of the country.
Mr. THOMPSON,of Mississippi, obtained (he
floor, and yielded for a few moments to
Mr. TOOMBS, who, in reply to some of the re-
marks of Mr. Winthrop, made a brief explana-
tion of the circumstances under which the law of
1849 was passed, vindicating the policy and the
practical operations of the law—as to the practica-
ble extent—placing a limit upon the expenses of
collecting the revenue from the customs, which had
been gradually increasing for the last twenty years,
and had become enormous in their amount. He
paid a high tribute to the valuable public services
of the gentlemen [Mr. KcKay, of North Caro-
lina,] with whom, he said, the law originated in
the last Congress.
Mr. WINTHROP (Mr. Thompson further
yielding) rejoined in a very brief explanation, re-
capitulating some of the views which he had pre-
viously expressed in support of the general policy
of the law. He suggested that there was little
difference between the position of the honorable
member from Georgia and himself, and he ex-
pressed the hone that, however they might differ
upon other points, they would concur in the pro-
priety of making the appropriation without delay
nepessary to insure the collection of the revenues
from customs during the remainder of the present
fiscal year.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed the floor and yield-
ed to—
Mr. HILL1ARD, on whose motion the com-
mittee rose and reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote terminating debate on the above joint resolu-
tion to-morrow, at two o'clock, and moved that that
motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House adjourn.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
SCHENCK and the SPEAKER.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Thompson, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred, anil was taken, on the
motion of Mr. Bayly, and the vote stood—ayes
80, noes 50.
Jir. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays on
the said motion; and also moved that the House
adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
ordering the yeas and nays, and they were re-
fused.
The motion of Mr. Bayly was then declared to
be passed.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
debate had been passed, was laid upon the table.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
By Mr. BOWLIN: A lull graining to the State of Mis-
souri Die right ot way and a donation of the public lands, to
aid in the construction of a laihoad from St. Loui.*, thioogh
the mineral reuiori of said State, to a point on the Missis-
sippi below ire obstruction^.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas: A bill to cede to the
Slate of Aikansas the grounds and buildings at the city of
Little Rock, designed (or an aisenal, but as jet unfurnished,
to he used by s-aid Slate lor a scrmnai y of learning, and m
aid of the appmpiMtion of seventj-two sections of Jand,
heretofore appropriated to that object.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions were presented and re-
ferred under the rule:
By Mi. RXtfLKY: The petition of H. H. Davy, and 50
other citizen* of Otsego county, New Yoik, piajing Con-
gress to establish ti.e rate of postage on prepaid letters at
two cents per half ounce. KWeiied to the Committee on
the Po t Oifice and Post Roads.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky: The petition of O. S.
Stirman, Robert Triplett, Stephen Adams-, R. S. Triplet!,
William Bell, and William T. Smith, ol Owcnsboio', Ken-
tucky, praying Congr^s to reduetMhp rate of postaire Re-
feried to ihr Committee on the Post Office and Post Itoaus.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The following petition*, viz- Of
citizens of New London, Connecticut, for cheap pottage;
of citizens of Noiwich, Connecticut, tor same ; of citizens
