1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i a
the Delegate from a Territory has all the powers
of legislation, under the rules and usages of the
House, which any other member can exercise, ex-
cept that of voting:. He can debate, submit mo-
tions, introduce bills, and offeramendments. These
are all faculties of legislation of a very high char-
acter. They cannot be conferred by a single
House of Congress. They are acts of legislation.
The gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Duer] has
placed the power in the House to admit Mr.
Smith, on the ground that he will be the mere
agent or attorney of the people of New Mexico.
But can we admit the agents or attorneys of any
one, and confer on them any of the functions of
legislation? The gentleman admits that we can-
not, and is driven to the necessity of denying: that
a Delegate possesses any of the faculties of legis-
lation; a position which our legislative history, at
least, contradicts.
Sir, it is repeated to-day, by various speakers,
that New Mexico was a civil division under the
Mexican law, and therefore is a Territory of the
United States, it is not my wish, to-day, to go
again into that subject. It is too plain for argu-
ment, under the decisions of the Supreme Court,
that the departmental organization, under Mexico,
was a part of the political law, and ceased with
the ratification of the treaty. There is no such
civil division as New Mexico, in any political
sense, known to the laws of the United States. It
is descriptive of public domain belonging to the
United States, and nothing more. The people of
New Mexico have no more right to their ancient
limits than the people of Louisiana and California
had. It is with Congress to fix the limits, as 1
have formerly shown. The cry is, poor New
Mexico again. Will Texas deny a Delegate to
New Mexico? Again i repeat, New Mexico is
no party to this contest. It is an issue exclusively
between the United States and Texas, so far as
the boundary is involved. The United States is
the owner of the vacant land and the public do-
main in New Mexico. If there were any such
political corporation as New Mexico, it would not
own a foot of the public domain. Gentlemen can-
not effect the meanness of sheltering: this aggres-
sion, on the part of the United States, behind
" poor New Mexico," who is only a stool-pigeon.
Mr. Smith, if admitted, is the a ent of the United
States in a land speculation. He comes from no
territory, and has no constituents.
Mr. H. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TUCK obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. TAYLOR, who renewed the amendment,
merely (he said) for the purpose of explaining that
the discrepancy pointed out by the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Howard,] in the ninth article of the
treaty, was very immateiial, so far as the remarks
he had made in reference to it presented the object
he had in view, which was to show that it was
our duty to admit the territories acquired from
Mexico, to all the rights and privileges to which
they were entitled under this tieaty. These lights
and privileges couid not be fully conferred until
the Delegate from New Mexico was admitted to
a scat on this floor.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TUCK then resumed the floor. He re-
newed the amendment. His only object (he said)
was to say a word or two, to show why this debate
should be brought to a close. The arguments
against the admission of this Delegate had been
exhausted. The parties on both sides had had
sufficient opportunity to present their views.
Mr. TOOMBS raised a question of order on the
relevancy of the remarks of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck.]
The CHAIR said that, after the range which
the debate had taken, he should not fee! disposed
to arrest the remarks of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck.]
Mr. TUCK proceeded. He said: I obtain the
floor only for the purpose of giving some teasons
why this debate ought, in my opinion, now to
cease. Both sides have been heard, to the extent
of the presentation of all the arguments which are
likely to affect the judgment of any member upon
this floor. Especially have the opponents to the
admission of Mr. Smith been fully heard, and
ought to be willing now to proceed to vote. Three
days before this have been expended in this dis-
cussion; the chaiiman, opposed to Mr. Smith,
occupied two hours; the Representatives from
Texas, occupied an hour each, and other gentle-
men, opposed to the Delegate, made speeches at
length on that side; while an hour and a half has
alone been assigned to those members who were
desirous of speaking in behalf of the Delegate.
I was prepared to present my views, and attempted,
with others, to obtain the floor, in order to show
why the Delegate might, and ought to be admitted
to a seat on this floor. But, sir, I could not attract
the eye or the ear of the Chairman, nor could any
other members favorable to the admission of Mr.
Smith, with the exception 1 have named, gain the
floor during the discussion of three days. [ make
no complaint, but only state a fact, for the purpose
of showing that those opposed to Mr. Smith have
had nearly all the talk, and ought now to be will-
ing to stop the discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
New Hampshire intends to reflect upon the Chair,
the Chair calls him to order.
Mr. TUCK. By no means; I only stated a
fact. I have no doubt the Chairman did the best
he could, but that he could not see those who
wished to speak in favor of Mr. Smith's admis-
sion.
I believe'no man's mind will be changed by the
further discussion of this question, and though I
will not pretend to give any advice, I will yet say,
that 1 deem it wise for those opposed to the use-
less expenditure of the time of Congress, to sitand
vote, only, leaving all the talk to those who are
delaying action.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BISSELL renewed the amendment. He
said,he thought thepeopleof the Territories ought
to be represented here. He had been of this opin-
ion before he was aware that any steps had been
taken to electa Delegate for New Mexico; and af-
ter he had been infotmed of the proceedings which
had taken place there, and that a Delegate was on
his way to this city, he had made up his mind be-
fore the ariival of that Delegate that he would vote
for his admission. Fie had made up his mind to
do this long before he had any reason to suppose
that Texas would regard the act of admission of
a Delegate from New Mexico here as a hostile
movement towards her, and consequently without
any intention whatever—for he was incapable of
such intention—of doing injustice to Texas. He
regretted exceedingly that Texas or her Represent-
atives on that floor should consider the admission
of the Delegate as an act of hostility. For his
own part, he meant it not as such. There were
too many glorious recollections clustering around
that gallant State to permit him to do so. He had
formed his judgment from other and far different
considerations.
Since the discussion commenced he had been
much pained to hear gentlemen express their op-
position to the admission of the Delegate. And
he confessed that his own mind was unchanged,
notwithstanding all the arguments that had been
advanced. They all resolved themselves in fact
into two or three. First, that there was no prece-
dent for it. Secondly, that there was a dispute
about the boundary between Texas and New
Mexico. And thirdly, an objection urged by
some gentlemen—and a very strange one, he could
not help regaidiug it—was that the people of New
Mexico were in so degraded and ignorant a con-
dition as not to be entitled to be represented here.
First, as to the objection on the ground of there
being no precedent. He was willing to admit that
well-established precedents ought not to be wan-
tonly disregarded, but at the same time he was
prepared to say, that for his own part he cherished
nothing like reverence for precedents. He did not
regard precedents set by that House as of such
binding force as necessarily to override every
other consideration upon a question of this kind.
But after all, what did precedent, if there were a
precedent in any case show' Nothing at all in
respect this case. If precedents showed anything
it was that each case had been acted on by that
House according to its merits, according to the
circumstances surrounding the particular case; and
that the Delegate was admitted or not, as in the
judgment of the House the exigency of the case
required. But if gentlemen still insisted upon pre-
cedent, he would ask them to refer to the ume
when there had been such a case as this before the
House. When hud there been such a case?
Never. It was a case sui generis. Thete had been
no analogous case, and there could be, therefore,
no precedent.
But the admission of this Delegate was objected
to because there was a dispute about the boundary.
From anything that he had seen or heard upon
this subject, he did not know that Texas was not
right in that dispute, and he did not intend that
his vote should indicate an intention to oppose her
demand.
The five minutes expired, and Mr. B. withdrew
the amendment.
Mr. MOORE. I renew it, and call for a vote
upon it.
After a brief conversation—
Mr. TAYLOR withdrew the amendment.'
Mr. MEADE said, he renewed his amendment
(to insert the words 4t at the proper time,'* after
the word " expedient.") He however withdrew
it at the request of
Mr. HARALSON, who renewed it, and said,
he had abstained, during the progress of this dis-
cussion, from saying anything, because he had not
believed that theie was a serious intention on the
part of the House to admit the applicant in this
case to a seat on the floor of the House. It never
for a moment entered into his mind that there was
an intention seriously entertained to admit to a
seat on this floor a Delegate from a Teriitory where
there is no civil organization existing. If this
Delegate represented any one at all, it could only
be the military government es:ablished by the
President of the United States.
It had been said, in the course of the debate, that
New Mexico was not represented here, and.that
the people of that Territory were entitled to "be
heard in regard to the question of boundary. It
was, according to his judgment, the most fully
represented portion of the whole United States. It
had two hundied and thirty representatives; the
representatives of every part of the United States
were the peculiar representatives of the territories
belonging to the Unued States. There was not a
man on that floor who was not bound to give at-
tention to the Territories. It was the duty of every
gentleman who had a seat on that floor to maintain
the interests of the United States withm the territo-
ries,and he believed that they would maintain those
interests in everything that was ri^ht and proper.
Would it not be well for gentlemen to ask them-
selves what advantage was to be derived from the
admission of this Delegate. Was there any press-
ing necessity for it? Had he been elected by any
organized authority in New Mexico? According
to the best information that he could obtain, this
gentleman was the representative of some seven-
teen to nineteen persons assembled in popular
meeting, there being no organized g-overnment
there. Was there any territorial government
there? None. There was no government of any
kind whatever in that Territory, and she was now
asking that Congress form for her some organiza-
tion. In this state of things they were called
upon to admit a Delegate from that Territory to a
seat upon that floor. There was no benefit to be
derived from it, and he was of the opinion that
evil might grow out of it, any incalculable evil
might, and probably v/ould, grow out of it. They
were all well aware that steps had been taken by
this Government for the purpose of maintaining
the jurisdiction of the United Stutes in the terri-
tory east of the Rio Grande; and here was an indi-
vidual applying to be admitted as a Delegate on this
floor from that Territory, a Teriitory between
which and Texas there was a conflicting claim in re-
gard to boundary. It was affirmed, m fact, that this
very gentleman making application to be admitted
here as a Delegate from New Mexico, resided withm
the territory of Texas, and was a citizen of Texas,
owing allegiance to her laws; that the jurisdic-
tion of Texas extended over the identical territory
which this gentleman was claiming to represent.
Was that House ready at this time to admit a
Delegate under such circumstances, coming, as he
did, from a portion of country which was claimed
by Texas? Would not his admission have the
effect to exasperate the feelings of the people of
that State, already highly excited by the course < f
the Federal Government, and to render the exist-
ing differences more difficult of amicable adjust-
ment? There was no possible good to be accom-
plished by it; but, on the other hand, much evil
might result from his admission. It is without
precedent, under like circumstances, is notauthor-
lzed by any law, and, it is feared, has its reason
in a feeling which ought not to influence the action
of this House.
