1'850.
Mfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HALE. I have another petition from the
State of' Pennsylvania, and, in presenting it, I
wish to make a single observation. The Chair
remarked that he did not know that the memorial
just presented came within the rule. 1 believe.there
is no rule.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The usage.
Mr. HALE. The usage is to receive every-
thing from the South, and reject everything from
the North, without asking \vliat the nature of it
is. This is a petition from citizens of the State of
Pennsylvania, requesting Congress to take meas-
ures for the abolition of slavery within this Dis-
trict. I believe that comes within the rule.
On motion, the question of reception wa3 laid
on the table.
Mr. -HALE. I have also two other petitions
from Philadelphia, numerously signed, praying
for the same object.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to lay the question
of reception on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have also received a petition
from inhabitants of Pennsylvania and Delaware,
staling that they believe that the Federal Consti-
tution0, in giving its support to slavery, violates
the Divinelaw and maKes war upon human rights,
and is inconsistent w:lh republican principles; and
that the attempt to unite slavery and freedom in
one body politic has already brought upon the
country great and manifold evils, and has fully
proved that'no such union can exist but by the
sacrifice of freedom to the supremacy of slavery.
They respectfully ask Congress to propose
without delay some plan for the immediate and
peaceful dissolution of the American Union.
I trust, as the Senate decided yesterday that it
was m order to receive resolutions threatening to
do the same thing forcibly, they will at least re-
ceive a petition asking them to do it peaceably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
be on the reception of this petition. ^
The question was put, and the VIOL PKli&l-
DENT was about to state the result, when a
division was called foi in several part3 ot the
chamber.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am one of those who
have uniformly voted for the reception of almost
every description of petition, where thete was any
ground upon which the Congress of the United
States could act in reference to that petition. As
a member of the other House of Congress, 1 uni-
formly voted against what was called the twenty-
fiist rule, excluding a certain class of petitions;
and I wish to say upon this occasion that my
motive in doing so was to prevent an increase and
multiplication of that agitation in the North which
I conceive to be roost prejudicial to the interests of
the South and to the institutions of the country.
I feel very well satisfied, from information which
I have received upon the subject, that nothing has
given an itnpulse to that northern feeling of which
gentlemen from my quarter complain, so much as
the manner in which petitions which have been
sent here have been rejected.
Now, although I have taken the course that 1
have indicated, khave done it with a declaration
at the same time utterly averse to the right of
those persons at the North to make any such ap-
plication to Congress; and my motive in doing
what [ have done upon this subject, my willing-
ness to receive and refer these petitions, has always
been with the view of obtaining a declaration tr°m
the appropriate committee, and a confutation of
that declaration by the action of the Senate oi the
House of Representatives, m whichever the pet
tions mi'ht be presented, that those individuals
who were constantly presenting petitions of this
character had no such right of petition; and, un-
less some understanding can be come toselilm
what this mooted right of petition is, and in what
it consists, we shall never come to any satisfactory
*Yinrlp of action in regard to the matter.
Sir I contend that there are two limitations
UDon'the right of petition; and the petition which
we now have under consideration presents the
Question fully and fairly; and it induced me to
Se for the purpose of making the remarks which
I intend submitting in a very few woids. One
limitation is where the power addressed, or where
ihT body addressed, hL no power- to grant the
prayer of the petition. In a case of that , - ,
it i's worse than useless for any body of individuals
to ask a legislative assembly to do a thing which
they have no right to do. What is this petition
which my friend over the way wishes to have re-
ceived, and against the reception of which I shall
vote after making this explanation, but which I
would be willing to have referred if the views 1 am
now presenting can becarried out as I wish ? W^hat
is this petition? It is to ask Congress peaceably
to dissolve the Union, or to take steps with that
view. Have we the power to do it? I deny, sir,
that Congress, under the Constitution of the coun-
try, has any power whatever to dissolve the
Government; and every step taken with a view of
that sort by either branch of Congress is without
authority by the Constitution, and treasonable m
its character. I then say, sir, that, in this point
of view, Congress having no power to grant the
object of the petition, the petitioners have no right
to ask the body to do a thing which the body itself
cannot perform. That is, therefore, one of the
grounds which have always governed my action
in similar cases, to wit, the total want of authority
on the part of the body petitioned to grant the thing
asked for; and wherever that state of things does
exist, the petitioner has no right to come before
the body—none whatever.
There is another limitation, sir, upon this much
mooted right of petition, as it is called, which has
always influenced my action, and upon which I
should like to see this and the other branch of
Congress make some definite rule. It is# that the
individual who asks for the passage of a law,
which law when passed does not operate upon i
him personally, and does not operate up°n his
property, is interfering with the rights of others,
with which he has no right to interfere; and,
therefore, when he asks for the passage, repeal,
or modification of a law which does not affect
him, he is acting without right, legal, moral, or ot
any other character. Most of these petitions which
come heie proceed from individuals asking for the
passage or modification of laws which aie not to
act upon them or their property, but which laws,
when passed or modified, are to act upon the per-
sons and property of others. 1 hold, sir, that it is
the very quintescence of tyranny and despotism
for one set of men, for one set of individuals, to
ask for the passage of laws which are not to oper-
ate upon them personally, or upon their proper-
ty, but to operate upon the, persons and property
of other individuals. Whenever a case of that
kind occurs, I hold that the individual petitioning
for the passage of such laws, or a change m the
laws for such a purpose, has no right of petition;
and I think that in all cases ot that sort Congiet,s
had better say, by way of the establishment of a
General rule such as I have indicated, that no such
rio-ht of petition exists. I therefore think the pe-
tition ought not to be further acted upon than to
say to the petitioner that he has no such right.
Wishing, sir, to assign the reasons which have
uniformly influenced my conduct on occasions
like this, I have submitted these few remarks,
and I have nothing more to say.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have not
many words to say on this question; but, as the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] has
defined his position as to the motives which have ■
heretofore influenced his action, perhaps a word f
from me on the same subject will not be mappio- t
priate. I voted yesterday in a very small mi-i
noritv—there were but two of us out of ntty |
against receiving resolutions from the State of
North Carolina, they being resolutions against
any action by this body upon the slavery ques- j
lion, and intimating that ulterior measures would I
be taken to dissolve the Union if such action
should take place. .
Mr MANGUM. You are mistaken.
Mr DOUGLAS. They intimate pretty strong y
and significantly that ulterior measures wil be
taken But, be that as it may, I voted against
the reception of those resolutions, because i have
always been opposed to this whote system of
slavery agitation upon the floor of Congress, be-
lieving that it tended, if it were not designed-
designed m some instances, and that it tended m
all instances to weaken the bonds of the Union, and
would perhaps result in its eventual dissolution.
I thought it incumbent on us then to vote against
receiving agitation from the one side of the> Union
i as well as agitation from the other side. To-day
I i find a petition presented here praying Congress
not to receive any State into the Union wherein
slavery is tolerated, and on the yeas and nays
being taken, it was rejected by a large majority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the honorable
Senator suspend his remarks for a moment, that a
message from the House of Representatives may
be received ?
The Clerk of the House of Representatives ap- *
peared before the bar and said:
"Mr. President, f am directed to inform the Senate of the
dealli of the Hon Alexander Newmas, member elect of
the 15th district of Virginia, and of the proceedings of the
House thereon."
Mr. DOUGLAS resumed. My object is not to
blame or to criminate 
Mr. HUNTER. I beg leave to suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that the message from the
House relates to the death of a member of Con-
gress elect from Virginia. With his permission, I
move that it be now considered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. KING. Let us first dispose of this ques-
tion. , , ,
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I move the
postponement of all further proceedings upon the
question before us, for the purpose ol taking up
the message just received from the House,
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
OBITUARY.
The Secretary then read the proceedings of
the House of Representatives communicated to
the Senate by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk; after
which— ,
Mr. HUNTER rose and addressed the Senate
as follows: .
Mr President: In accordance with what 1 un-
i derstand to be the usage of this body, I rise to
discharge a painful duty. 1 rise, sir, to announce
'to you the death of Alexander Newman, a
member elect to the House of Representatives
from the State of Virginia, who departed this life
during the last autumn. Mr. Nlwman was
slightly known to me personally, and 1 cannot,
therefore, present you even that limited biograph-
ical sketch which is usual upon such occasions.
Something, however, I know of his life and his-
tory. 1 know that he made his way by his own
exertions to a high position in society, ana s^ruS"
I gled successfully with difficulties under which the
1 weak and faint-hearted would have succumbed. I
know that he won the respect, the confidence, and
the affections of those around him, and of those
who had the best oppoitunities for observing his
course in life. From the county of Orange, m the
State of Virginia, where he was born, he removed
to Marshall, in the same State. From this county
he was elected to the House of Delegates more
han once; from the district of which it is a part he
was elected to the Senate of Virginia; and from
the Congressional district to which it is attached,
he was the member elect to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States at the time of his
death He lea behind him the reputation of
having been a bold thinker, an honest andI an en-
ergetic man. Nor was he old when he died but
was stricken down in mid career by one of those
inscrutable visitations which never fail to startle
us, although but repetitions of the oft-repeated
tale of the uncertainties of human life. When an
old man falls, full of yeais and honors, and ripened
for the grave, the blow is not unexpected. We teel,
too, that his mission is accomplished, his destiny
fulfilled, and if there be for huri a future of hope and
promise, it is to be sought through the poitals of
i the o-rave. But the busiest will pause in his most
i eager pursuit to contemplate the fall of one whose
i powers were not fully developed, and whose fu ure
' of hop J vet to be fulfilled, and of doubts yet to
I be solved, was even the more interesting for its
! uncertainties. The story of life does not attract
EfeSSSSrtfflSS
the geepei u  ^ hope and prom-
But, whatever may have l«en «i [ ^ hfe
V, ise of Mr. h!S God, and closed in
■ is now c osed y wher(J n0 hurnan
voice''can But he has left a
voice can:^ bogomgi perhap_s,
the'-ting of affliction may yet remain. Within
the circle of the domestic affections the voice of
ivmnathy is always pleasant, no matter from what
dTsXce ft may come, or how little familiar may
be ftsTones. To that family and those friends I
