1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New Mexico. Why, the members of this House,
who took their seats under the Constitution and
law of the land, were generally elected by receiv-
ing a majority of ten thousand votes cast; but
h.3re was a person selected by fifteen individuals,
whom they did not know, claiming to be the Rep-
resentative of the people of New Mexico. By
what authority did he make this claim ? He (Mr.
S.) maintained that the proposition he had sent to
the Chair ought to be incorporated into the reso-
lution—that the House elected for the people of
New Mexico a Delegate, because the people of
New Mexico had not chosen one for themselves.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Stanton,
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Harris, of Tennessee, and Corwin were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 73.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring upon the modified amend-
ment of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
Mr. BOWIE moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting after the word " representatives," in
the third line, as follows:
" As the advocate of aconvention of delegates, assembled
at Santa. F6, on the day ot  , lb49, r«;pie~entin:*
themselves to be delegate*. of the people of New Mexico;
and said Hugh N. Smith he allowed to addie-s tins Hou-e
upon all subjects referred to in the instructions given hiai
by the convention aforesaid."
The amendment having been rend—
Mr. BOWIE said: Mr. Chairman, I am no lat-
itudinarian or strict constructionist, yet i think
there are certain cardinal principles of government
which should be sacredly observed in our action
here. This is strictly a popular body, a repre-
sentation of the people; and we should admit no I
one to the privileges of a Delegate who does not
bring with him authority from that source. All
political power of right belongs to and springs
from the people. Recognizing, therefore, the full
force of the objection, that the gentleman from
New Mexico was not elected by the people of that
country, but by a convention of nineteen delegates,
assembled in Santa Fe, under a proclamation of
a military governor, I cannot consent to invest
him with the dignity of a popular representative.
On the other hand, acknowledging the justice of
the position that all the people of the United States
who have rights to protect, or wrongs to redress,
should be heard, I am in favor of admitting the
gentleman from New Mexico in the character of
an advocate, or attorney in fact, with liberty to
address this House on all subjects referred to in
his letter of instructions. For it will appear, Mr
Chairman, from reference to the documents of this
House, that the convention which elected the gen-
tleman from New Mexico adopted a series of les-
*olutions, entitled "instructions," which he was
expressly enjoined to observe and carry out. How
can we regaid the bearer of such dispatches or
credentials in any other light than as one de-
puted to execute the will of his electors, the con
vention ? If he should be admitted as a Delegate
from the people of New Mexico, he would be ab-
solved from these instructions; he would be at
liberty to contradict and counteract them; in a
word, he would possess a power higher than
those who elected them, indefinite and unlimited.
The amendment submitted by me obviates, in my
judgment, the objections urged upon the constitu-
tional grounds; assumes no power that is not
clearly possessed by the House, and secures to
the people of New Mexico, and this House, all
the advantages which, under the circumstances,
could be denved from the presence of a Delegate.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SAVAGE said: Mr. Smith claims a seat
upon this floor as a Delegate from the Territory of
New Mexico, but it is not pretended by any one
that he comes here in accordance with the forms
of law or precedent. Indeed, it is admitted that
there is neither law nor precedent; and I under-
stand the friends of his admission to urge, as their
strong ground, that they are seeking the substance,
regardless of law or precedent. Sir, the argu-
ment is worthless—as groundless as the cause it is
brought to sustain, if Mr. Smith is anything at
all, he is not a Representative upon this floor—he
is knocking at the wrong door; if, in substance
and by analogy, anything, he is a member of the
Senate. There let him go; if they will accept him
I am willing. The people elect Delegates to this
House—Legislatures elect Senators; and by the
forms and analogies of our Constitution they can-
not be elected except in this way. Mr. Smith was
not elected by the people, and that is as far as this
House has anything to do with the argument.
He was elected by a self-constituted body, not
recognized by the Federal or any State constitu-
tion, and which pretended to be the Legislature
of New Mexico, but which, in fact and law, was
nothing more than a voluntary assemblage of cit-
izens, with no authority to do any official act. Of
this assembly, Mr. Smith received fifteen out of
the eighteen votes cast, and is thus clearly proved
not to be a Representative, although from the man-
ner of his creation somewhat resembling a Sen-
ator. I am sorry that he is endeavoring to estab-
lish himself here. This is a body elected by the
people; in the other end of the Capitol there is a
body who, like Mr. Smith, are elected by an as-
sembly of delegates, i hope he is of full age, will
see his error, and claim his seat among them.
But why argue this question? When it was
admitted that there was no law for his admission,
that ought to have been the end of the controversy.
But I am not at all astonished by the course which
has been pursued—I was prepared to see the ina-
joj ity of a certain party vote his title clear. These
are the men whose consciences a few years since
would not permit them " to steal land from Mex-
ico;" who preached u national morality," and
denounced the annexation of Texas and your late
war with Mexico as " a system of stealing" and
" public plunder." Is any man surprised to see
them to-day occupying another extreme? Con-
science tells them now to rob Texas of her lands,
m whose name they used to charge that we were
robbing and plundering Mexico.
Sir, this movement canriut be disguised. It is
an effoit to thrust a man upon us not only without
law and the usual formality, but in direct violation
of every principle and analogy of the Federal and
State constitutions. And it is done for one object—
it is done to take by indirection the soil of one of
the sovereign States of this Union. In this 1 will
not join. When i consent to plunder, an enemy
shall be my victim, and not a sovereign State of
this Union, whose constitutional rights I am sworn
to protect. I should as soon admit an inhabitant
of the South Sea Islands as the pretended Delegate—
their rights would be equal.
Mr. S withdrew the amendment.
Mr. J. A. KING renewed the amendment. He
said he had listened with great attention to the
remarks of gentlemen on all sides of the House,
and had endeavored to arrive at some conclusion
m his own mind upon the question before the com-
mittee. It was an entirely new case, and one i
upon which the House must act without the aid of
precedent, but by the exercise of a sound discre-
tion, and after an examination of all the circum-
stances attending it. It was a new case—one
which arose out of the acquisition of territory we
had made from Mexico, it arose out of the ac-
quisition of this property. The case presented
itself in a different aspect, therefore, from that of
any other territory or property of this Union; and
it appealed directly to the discretion and judgment
of the House, whether, under all the circumstan-
ces of the case, the Delegate should be admitted,
and, if admitted, with what limitation of privi-
lege? # i
Sir, (said Mr. K.,) he comes as a Representative, j
and we have a right to consider him as such, be- I
cause he was chosen by a convention of the peo- j
pie of the Territory; and his election has not been j
disavowed by the people. He has been here ;
knocking at your door for months, and having ap- 1
plied my best judgment—having carefully ex-
amined the case, I cannot conceivc that it would I
be proper to refuse to admit him. With regard I
to the Texan boundary, I do not desire to enter j
upon that question. 1 desire to guard it in every '
possible way. But it appears to me that the peo- j
pie of New Mexico should not be left, under the f
circumstances, without a Delegate on this floor to I
represent their interests and feelings. Therefore ,
it is that I appeal to the sense and judgment of j
the members of this House to say whether the i
Delegate should not be admitted to a seat. I
He withdrew the amendment. !
Mr. RICHARDSON renewed it. He said he I
would like to inquire of the gentleman from New j
York, what would be gamed to the people of New |
Mexico by the admission of their Delegate at this
time? It would make no change in their position
whatever. I grant you, (said Mr. R ,) that if we
could, by the admission of this Delegate, extend
over the people of that Territory the"protection of
the laws, which it is our duty to give "them, there
would be*some force in the argument which is
submitted.
Two years ago, sir, a Delegate from Oregon
presented himself before Congress, under precise-
ly the same circumstances under which this Dele-
gate has come here. There was not a single
member of the Thirtieth Congress who b<e)ievpd
that he was entitled to take his seat—not orie.
Will any gentleman pretend that there was not
the same necessity for a Delegate from Oregon
then, that there is for a Delegate from New Mex-
ico now? What is it that has wrought this
mighty change in the minds of gentlemen here,
who were Representatives in the Thirtieth Con-
gress? There was not a solitary member in that
Congress who believed for a moment that power
conferred by the people upon their delegates, could
by them be delegated to another. That principle
had been too long established here and elsewhere;
and I ask gentlemen now, to tell me by what prin-
ciple of law it is, that they determine that those
people who met in convention, having certain
powers delegated to the,m, could delegate those
powers to another? I deny jthat Mr. Smith is the
Delegate of the people of'N&w,$texico. They
have conferred no power^upo^n jij^v^fid it is not
incumbent upon them to; disown him a3 their
Repesentative, they never having/created him such
Delegate. I hold that every Delegate and every
Representative in this House, ought to be the
I immediate choice of the people. And I ask gen-
tlemen if they are ready to come forward now,
and assert that seventeen or eighteen persons may
assemble anywhere, and send a Delegate here to
represent their wishes? If he came here endorsed
by the people of New Mexico as their Represent-
ative, it would present a very different question.
Mr. CARTTER (the floor being temporarily
yielded to him) said he desired to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois, whether he meant to state
to the committee that the members of the conven-
tion which constituted Mr. Smith a Delegate,
were not elected by the people of New Mexico for
the purpose of selecting a Delegate ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have onlv to say that
he was not elected by the people of New Mexico;
that he was not elected by the people whom he
professes to represent.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, renewed it.
He desired to draw the attention of the gentle-
man from Illinois to the facts of the case. The
proclamation issued for calling the convention,
was addressed to the people of seven counties m
the Territory of New Mexico. It called upon them
to assemble in mass? meetings, to choose delegates
to a convention; and it empowered the delegates
thus assembled, among other things, to electa
Delegate to the Congress of the United States, to
represent the people of that Territory. The
proclamation stated the objects for which the con-
vention was called. They were to concert such
plans, and adopt such measures, as might be
deemed advisable in order to procure the establish-
ment of a civil government.
Now (continued Mr. B.) what was done by the
people, in accordance with that proclamation?
They elected delegates for the purpose of framing
and preparing a basis of territorial government,
and for the purpose of choosing a Delegate to rep-
resent the people of New Mexico in the House of
Representatives m theThirty-fnst Congress. That
is the construction which they put upon their
power; and that is the authority which was con-
ferred upon this Delegate. The contention thus
assembled under the proclamation, authorized this
Delegate to come here and ask to be permitted to
occupy a seat in this House, and to represent the
people of New Mexico. And he came with thfs
authority. Now, how can it be said that he does
not come with the authority of the people of New
Mexico ? Suppose there had been no proclama*-
lion at all, but that the people had assembled in
mass meeting and chosen a Delegate, and sent him
here? But in this case they selected a body of
men who were to choose a Delegate for them.
Does not this amount to the same thing? He has
been here, an applicant for admission, fdr many
