1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBS.
wherever I may think that a strict adherence to
the principles of economy requires it,-1 shall feel
it to be my duty, and the duty of this House, to
march up to that policy, and tq carry out what I
believe it may demand. In the advocacy of this
principle, every President and the head of every
bureau had been uniform.
We are this morning called upon, with a great
stress as 1 think from the outside of the House,
for the immediate passage of this bill, which, it
seems to me, may properly be denominated a bill
for the relief of the Treasury Department. 1 ask
gentlemen what is the urgency, what is the im-
mediate necessity for the passage of this bill?
Can they tell me that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has not now money enough to pay the em-
ployees in the Treasury Department? 1 have
seen it stated in some of the newspapers of the
cities that the Treasury is now entirely out of
money that there is no money, and consequently
that persons employed m the collection ol the rev-
enue cannot be paid. 1 wish to say, in answer to
ail attempts to create this impression on the public
mind, that the statement is enoneOus in fact; that
it is erroneous upon the showing of the becrelary
of the Treasury himself; and, as I conceive,
should have no weight with us upon the present
occasion, in deciding upon the course which it is
proper for us to pursue.
The law which was passed in 1849, in respect
to which we aienow acting, changed the enure
system of appropriations for the collection of the
revenue. Previous to that time the money which
came into the hands of the different collectors of
the revenue, was not supposed to be in the Treas-
ury until the officers employed in its collection in
the different districts had been paid; and, up to
the year 1849, we evaded that principle of the
Constitution of the United States which declares
that no money shall be drawn out of the Treasury
without an appropriation by law. It is strange
that this system continued so long—but it was
held that it was no violation of the Constitution thus
to act. With this question, however, we have now
nothing to do. .
By the law of 1849, all the revenue was required
to be paid into the'l'ieasury—which was supposed
to mean that all revenue arising from customs or
other sources -should, so soon as it came into the
hands of the collecting officers, be considered as in
the Treasuiy. <
In the first place, however, I wish to prove that
this law, limiting the expenses of collecting the rev-
enue, went into operation from and after the 30th
of June, 1849;* and I believe that every man
who examines the law can come to no other
conclusion.
The fiist section of the law declares that " from
« and after the 30ih day of June, 1849, the gross
' amount of all dunes received from customs, from
' the sales of public lands, and from all miscellane-
• ous sources for the use of the Unite^i Slates,
' shall be paid by the officer or agent receiving the
' same into the Treasury of the United States, at
' as early a day as practicable, without any abate-
' ment or deduction on account of salary, fees,
« costs, charges, expenses, or claim of any descrip-
tion whatever."
The second section (continued Mr. 1.) regu-
lates debentures and drawbacks. The third sec-
tion prescribes the duties of the Secretary of the
Treasury. I will read it:
'• It shall be the duty ot the Secretary of tlie Treasury to
submit to C1>I1"|| S at the commencement of the next regu-
lar Mi-urn estimates ol up|iiopri<uioiis which may be re-
quired to piovide lor the expenses of collecting the revenue
fioin cuftoms, aI>o from the public lands, lor the second
hall uf the next lisciil year, and separate estunates for the
said purpose:" (th.it is to say, remarked Mr. 1.,) "tiom
year to year thereaiter."
And the fourth section is in the Mowing words:
« That so much money as may be necessary to pay the
expenses of collections referred to m the next preceding
section, including the first half of the next fiscal year, .uui
until specific nppioprianons toi the objects shall be made by
Comrress, be, and the same aie hereby, appiopriated out ot
any monev in the Treasury to be expended afier the 30th
June 1S49, under the direction ot the Secretary thereof,
conformably to law and regulation."
And to this section (continued Mr. T.) is added
the following proviso:
uProuUei That the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs shall not thereaiter exceed the sum ot one
million five hundred and sixiy thousand dollars per annum,
llwelhet with such sums as under the law are paid into the
Treasury for (irayage, cartage, labor, and storage, and m
proportion for ft Iws time."
Now, (continued Mr. T.,) the plain interpreta-
tion of this law is, that all the revenue shall he
paid into the Treasury from the &0ih June, 1849,
and the law went into effect on the 1st July, 1649.
And now what do we see ? What spectacle do
we see presented to this House by the Secretary
of the Treasury ? it appears from theSecietary's
own statement that he has, within the first six
months of the year, under .a limitation fixed by this
law, of one million six hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, expended one million two hundred and
ninety-one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
seven dollais, leaving two hundred and sixty-
eight thousand one hundred and thtee dollais for
the second half of the current fiscal year. 1 shall
not dwell upon that construction ol the law. But
the Secretary of the Treasury, it seems, does not
so interpret it. He holds that he had an unlimited
appropriation to meet the expenses lor the fiist halt
oi the fiscal year; and he now holds the opinion—
in which he is sustained by the Attorney General
of the United States—that the law did not go into
effect with the limitation until the first of Januaiy,
1850. According to his construction of the law,
then, to defray the expenses from the first of Jan-
uary, 1850, to the 30ih of June, 1850, he has the
sum of seven hundred and eighty thousand dol-
lars. The Secretary admits to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that he has that amount in
hand. He says it is insufficient, but he admits
that he has it on hand, subject to delray the ex-
penses incurred m the collection of the revenue.
Yet we are told that at the end of the fiist six
weeks of the second half of ihe cuireut fiscal year,
there is not money enough in the Treasuiy to pay
off the employees. JNow, sir, this is nonsense.
He has seven hundred and eighty thousand dol-
lars now to defray the expenses, it is impossible
that he could have expended this sum nom tiie
first of January to the piesent time. What sort
of opinions can the oiixceis ol the present (Govern-
ment entertain, when the Secretary of the Tieasuiy
thus undertakes to ride lough-shod over the plain
letter of the law ? For if gentlemen will reau the
opinion of the Attorney General, (tor whose opin-
ions as a lawyer 1 enteitain a hign respect,) tney
must see that he bases his opinion upon ihegioutid
I of the policy ot the lasv, and not upon its terms.
■ His opinion is based simply upon thisgiound—
j that Congiess could not have intended to niajie
i this limitation apply to a period ot tune during
' which Congress itself was not in session. We
do not ask these gentlemen to make laws—we ask
them to carry out the laws; and it was their duty
to have gone on duurig ttie last six months wim
the retienchmerits contemplated by the ict of '49.
The operation of that act should have commenced
on the 1st of July, 1849. This bill contemplated
the commencement of its operation at that ume-
ant! now the hue and cry is, that this joint resolu-
tion must be passed unuer tiie pressuie of a great
necessity, and that the revenue is about to tufier
because Congress did not-allow as much for ex-
penses as was necessary to defray them.
Mr, Chairman, as 1 think that 1 must by this
time have removed fioin the minds of the com-
mittee any idea of the existence of a real stiain
and necessity lor immediate action on this resolu-
tion, under the interpretation ot the Secretary ol
the Trea ury, 1 shall proceed to discuss what is
proposed to be done by this joint resolution, and
what will be the eliect ol the appropnttions
which it proposes to make. As i have betoie
stated, the Secretary of the Treasury has in his
hands the sum of seven hundred and eighty thou-
sand dollais. This sum, he says, is not sufficient,
and his reason is that the waiehousmg system
had cost more than was anticipated,and tnat there
were additional expenses on account of the new
districts in Oregon and Texas, and the new dis-
trict in California.
What do we propose to give him? By the
amendment of the Committee or Ways and Means,
identical m a proper interpretation 'Aith the Senate
bill, but introduced for the purpose of avoiding
misconstruction—and which Senate bill, it appears,
met the appiobation of both sides of that body—
we give to the Secretary ol the Treasury one mil-
lion sixty-six thousand three hundred and eigh-
teen dollars for the expenses of collecting the
revenue for the residue of the present fiscal year.
In addition to that, we give to the Secretary the
income from drayuge, cartage, labor, and storage,
which the gentleman •from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
stated yesterday amounted to-one hundred and
eighty thousand dollars—a large item, as the gen-
tleman said, and making en aggregateof one mil-
lion two hundred and forty-seven thousand and
eighteen-dollars.
A brief explanatory conversation passed be-
tween Mr. Vinton and Mr. Thompson in respect
to the nature of this item for drayage, &c., and
; the propriety of charging it to the account of the
i collection of revenues.
i Mr. T. continued. Gentlemen say this is not
j liberal. The Secretary of the Treasury does not
' pretend to ask for more than one million three hun-
j dred and twenty-five thousand dollars, and ihe
I only difference between the two sums is $77,682.
| Mr. Chairman, whilst 1 am satisfied with the
i appropriation recommended by the Commuiee of
! Ways and Means, yet i think that we should
! change the form' of it. 1 think we sho'uid begin
I where this law contemplated, for I believe it was
i one of the wisest laws ever placed upon the statute
; book. In that sense I voted lor it, and shall numi-
tain it. If gentlemen will look into ihe expenses
of collecting the revenue, they will be satisfied that
it is our duty to adopt some such system as is here
provided. 1 want specific estimates. 1 want to
do away with the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury. J do not want that the sum of one mil-
lion two or three hundred thousand dollars should
be leftat his discretion. He designates the officers,
and in most cases he designates the amount which
these officers are to receive. 1 want specific appro-
priations. The Secretai y of the Treasury, by this
law, is bound to furnish such estimates of appro-
priations. He has failed to do so. He is bound
by this law lo give us, at the commencement of
this year, specific estimates for the second half of
it. He has not done so. I desire to approach ac-
curacy as nearly as possible; 1 desire to carry out
the spirit of the law. Hence my amemlmtni by
which I appropriate for the expenses of collecting
the revenue $780,000.
In addition to this sum, I allow what the Secie-
i tary of the Treasury himself here estimates as the
I expenses of the waiehousmg system, fifty thou-
I sand dollars, i also allow for the districts of Ore-
< gon and Texas twenty-five thousand dollars; and
j for the district of California one hundred thousand
J dollars. And in addition to these allowances, 1
ji allow for the increase of business, &c., fifty thuu-
II sand dollars, being every cent that lie asks for these
i new and extra objects of expendituie. Do I give
j him sufficient ? The Secretary says that the reason
| of the increase is, that we have this year additional
I expenses thrown upon us by the warehousing
j system, by California, Oregon, and Texas, i
give him the sums he asks. 1 only ask him to
come back to the point fixed by mis law, thai is
to say, that ihe expenses ot collecting the revenue
on the Atlantic shall not exceed one million five
hundred and sixty thousand dollars. 1 have taken
some pains to make out tables for my own satis-
faction, and that 1 might place them before this
House, of the revenue, and the expenses of its
collection, from the administration of Washington
down to the piesent time.
This table is the strongest argument I can pre-
sent on this subject. It goes back to tiie earlier
Presidents. 1 would that a reference to their ex-
ample could be followed on this occasion. Tne
last year and the fiist of each succeeding Admin-
istration has been taken as the fan est test to show
the growth of the expenditures on this subject,
viz:
Washington's Administration.
Revenue irom Custom*. Expenses of GoU'n*
1:93 ,86o 
X197    J3,UU0,IU5 343,434
Adams's Administration.
1P00..-,  16,165 8-9  440,373
IbOl  2J.©'28,^ 402,772
Jefferson's Administration.
1808  11,3,9,769  565 238
leuy  ll}b8j,JcU  4Jd,l«0
Madison's Administration.
IBIS . SS,018,624  476,037
tS g : 33'S;T.9WJ  81S .038
1817".:::::  22>6,514  Kt,i06
Monroe's JldminhlrMion.
ISM-- -
79,739
3L,U03,t>75  8b9}3u:2
Adams's Administration.
1827 
182S 
1839 
  28,191,308 
  3tf.lb7,70i 
889.818
<*3*2,093
27,982,947   .1,013,SS7
