1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18.
Delegate) to iive still under the territorial govern-
ment which protected her before the admission of
Wisconsin, and under that organization her acting
Governor, the Secretary of the Territory, in due
form of law caused an election of a Delegate to
Congress to be had. Though this Delegate came
here thus recommended, the gentleman from Ohio
voted against his taking Jus seat. What reason
could he assign but that doubt which controlled the
votes of many (myself among them) respecting
her legal existence as a Territory ? If doubts ex-
isted in her case, are they not tenfold stronger m
the case of New Mexico, where no one pretends
that a government exists, except a military one?
Minnesota contended that she had not been de-
prived of the territorial government which Con-
gress had established, and under which she had
always existed. As to New Mexico, Congress
had never established a government of any sort.
.Minnesota was unquestionably a Territory of the
United States. New Mexico, on the contrary, is
claimed by another power, and "that claim, by a
vote of this House, admitted to have at least the
semblance of right. The Delegate from Minne-
sota was duly elected by the people of the coun-
try, owing no allegiance anywhere, except to the
United States. The Delegate from New Mexico,
and nine-tenths of his constituents, may be ad-
judged to be citizens of Texas. He comes here
by an authority brought info being by a nnlitaiy
order, and not one single qualification prescribed
by the law of 1817 attaches to him. Who can
hesifate about the superior claims of the Delegate
from Minnesota? They were not strong enough
for the gentleman from Ohio, and he rejected him.
The Delegate from New Mexico, however, though
stripped of every circumstance which made plaus-
ible the case of Minnesota, is warmly supported
by the gentleman from Ohio. The honorable gen-
tleman from Arkansas must at least be excused
for his infcrenccs.
Mr. BURT submitted the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the eaid Hugh N. Smiih shall not be
allowed to t;ike part in the (lehaifs of this flou.-e, and shall
not he entitled to thu pay and mileage allowed by law to a
Deli- gale fiom u IVrritoiy.
In submitting tins amendment, Mr. B. wished
to say a very few words, for the purpose of indu-
cing the House to pause befoie it made a final de-
c-sion on this question. He desired to bring the
House to reflect on the danger to which a wiong
judgment in this case would expose the tranquil-
lity of the countiy. He desired to see such a
course taken as would preserve us from discordant
and bitter feelings. It"had been said by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Duer,] and repeated ;
by the gentleman from Delawaie, that the House i
had the light, as a matter of courtesy, to admit
persons to the privilege of the floor. He was well
aware that such had been the practice. He knew
that, at the beginning of the present session, the
Hou^e had admitted to the floor a distinguished
Irish Catholic priest. Now, if that was the mean-
ing of gentlemen, they should then adopt his
amendment.
I3ut if they mean to say that the House has a
right by meie resolution to admit a Delegate to the
floor, he desired to say a few words on that point.
The act of 1817 confeired on Delegates the rt<>;lu
to address the House; and by the act of 1818^ it
was provided that they should receive the per
diem and mileage. So that, if a Delegate was by
the act of 1817 entitled to the privilege of speech,
he was equally entnled, under the law of 1818, to
his pay and mileage. Should the Delegate from
New Mexico be admitted to a seat, would he not
be entitled to all the privileges granted by the acts
of 1817 and 1818? Who is en titled to these privi-
leges? The au of 1817 says, that a Delegate must
be elected frum a Territory which has been estab-
lished by act of Congress. Such a Delegate is
alone to take part in the debates of this House,
and to receive pay and mileage. The gentleman
fiom Ohio says he proposes to admit this Dele-
gate from New Mexico without reference to the
act of 1817. if so, how can he be entitled to the
privilege of debate given by the act of 1817, and
to the pay and mileage under the act of 1818 ? If'
Mr. South is to be admitted without reteience to I
the act of 1817, how does the gentleman from Ohio ■'
purpose to give him his compensation? |
He withdrew his amendment. f
Mr, CARTTER renewed it. He remarked j
that the argument seemed to be, that this Delegate
was to be received here under the ordinance of 1787.
But the ordinance of 1787 did not relate to this
subject, ltapplied, and was limited to the Terri-
tory northwest of the Ohio river; and the act of
1817,defining the powers ot Delegates from Teiri-
tones, applied to Territories oiganized under the
authority of the United States. There were no
other Territories. Conquest was not contemplated
at that time. The framers of the Constitution
never contemplated the aquisition of territory
by conquest. But, here, (said Mr. C.,) we
have territory that is not organized under the
United States—but growing out of war—teiritory
that has been conquered; tennory existing in an
organic form. 1 am willing to concede that the
right to pay this Delegate does not exist under the
law, and that he cannot be paid until there is an
appropriation made by both branches of Congress
to pay him. But that is a question that is not now
before this body—that is a subject of inquiry and
one for legislation, when the question of paying
him shall be raised. The simple question here is,
whether, under the cucumstances, the territory
being thus acquired by conquest, and coming
to us in a state of organization, we shali receive
this Delegate from that Teintory ? Now, a word
or two with reference to the remarks of the gen-
tleman fiom Aikansas.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman from
Ohio to order, and decided that it was not in order
for a gent'enian haviug offered au amendment to
speak against it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, remarking that i
he considered the effect ut that decision would be, i
to lestrict debate to a much gfeater degree than I
had been customaiy heretofore, appealed fiom Lhe !
decision. I
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair -
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 10U,
noes 25.
So the decision was sustained.
Two or three minutes of his time still remain-
ing—
Mr. CARTTEll, resuming, said, as part of his
argument, lie wished the Cleik to read the names
of those gentlemen, members of the present Con-
gress, who had voted t% yea" upon the question of
the admission of the Delegate from Minnesota.
" Me-srs. Bingham, fiocock, Bojd, Albert G. Brown, W.
It- VV. Coltl), Crow el I, Damel, N. JSvan^ Gidilings, Griinicll,
lluut lon, Hubbard, Leiikr, McCuinand, R. M. McLaue,
HoraceiViauti, Job Mann, MoiHiead, Mom*, Nes, Newell,
ifeash'c, funi.ini, Keynuld*, ilolnntoo, F. P. tftanion, A.
II. >i<jpnens, Taylor, Jame^ Thompson, John J3. Thomp-
son, Tuck, Van D^ke, Venablo, Wentwonh, White, \Vil-
iiKJtj and Wilson."
Here (said Mr. C.) the committee will see are
many southern gentlemen, as well as a few fiom the
■North—then voting " yea," who now strenuously
oppose the admission of the Delegate from New
Mexico. If my colleague IS guilty of any incon-
sistency between his votes upon the two yues-
tions, do not these gentlemen involve themselves
in i n equal or gieater inconsistency ?
The hammer fell.
Mr. INGE moved that the committee rise.
Mr. KAOILMAN and others asked for tellers. !
j Telleis wore 01 dered, and Messrs. Venableand !
Haralson weie appointed. ]
The question was taken, and the tellers re- j
polled—ayes 73, noes 80. j
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring upon the amendment of j
Air. Cartter—
Mr. SOHENCK appealed to his colleague to i
withdraw it. j
Mr. CARTTER declined to do so, preferring ]!
that a vote be taken, but finally withdrew, on con- ;j
dition that his colleague renew and adhere to it. Il
Mr. SCHENCK tenewed the amendment. j'
Mr. SYVEETSER raised the same point of or- ;
der against it which had been raised against his j!
amendment at a previous part of the day. jj
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order. !'
Mr. feCHENCiC, renewing the amendment,
said the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr
Burt] had asked him how, under the act of 1S17,
Mr. bmttii, if admitted, would be entitled to his
pay and mileage.' He would reply to that gentle-
man, that he did not believe that this resolution
gave Mr. Smith any right to his per diem and
mileage.
Before the passage of the act of 1817, when
"William Henry Harrison represented the North-
west Territory in this House, a special act was
passed to allow him his pay and mileage, and the
franking privilege. Now, this resolution would
not give Mr. Smith either his pay or his frankin°-
privilege. That must be given him by a special
law, as was done in 1799, in the case of William
H. Harrison.
.No gentleman had yet answered this question.
You admit persons here to argue cases. You may
admit an agent to argue any number of cases, or
all cases. He desired to know the precise point
where the line was to be drawn between a person
thus admitted, and an individual sent by a Terri-
tory to address the House on the interests of the
people of that Territory.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, interposed an
observation, that here you are about to give legis-
lative power. ., ° °
Mr. SCHENCK. Not so. You only give the
right to address the House, not to vote Talking
is not legislating. The proceedings of this Con-
gress, thus far, had abundantly exemplified that
difference, lo legislate is to make laws, which
you do by your votes. To make spteches. to
persuade to a particalar course of legislation, is no
more legislation itself than the argument of an
attorney to a court is a judicial act.
The question was then stated to be on ti e
amendment of Mr. Burt.
Mr. BUR I asked tellers, who were ordered.
Messrs. Miller and Meade were apppointed.
And the question was taken, and ayes by 55!
noes 76—
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise.
The committee refused to rise.
fTl1® 3uestion th.en recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, substituting the
word " expedient/' for "inexpedient," in the
original resolution.
Tellers were asked and ordered.
Messrs. A sumun and Robinson were appointed.
And, the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 85, noes 89.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question was then stated to be on the amend-
merit ot Mr. Bowie.
I he question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution of the minority of the committee, aa
amended.
lehei's (Messrs. Askmun and Hubbard) were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood 
ayes 85, noes 90.
So lhe amendment was rejected.
1 he question then recurred on the original reso-
lution ol the majority of the committee, "(declaring?
it inexpedient to admit Mr. Smith.)
Tellers were asked and ordeied.
_ Messrs. Jones, of Tennessee, and Stevens, of
j Pennsylvania, were appointed.
j The question was taken, and the vote stood—
! ayes 92, noes 86.
| So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. bl RONG. 1 move that the committee rise.
Mr. HARALSON. And report the resolution.
Mr. STRONG. Certainly.
The motion being agreed to—
The committee rose and reported the resolution
to the House.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. STRONG demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the Hou «e adjourn.
Mr. POTTER appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. WiLMOT demanded the yeas and nays.
Tellers were asked and ordered upon ordering
the yeas and nays, and Messrs. Hubbard and
Ogle were appointed.
The question being taken the tellers reported-
ayes 39.
So (one-fifth of the members present voting in
the affirmative) the yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken, and was decided ir. the
negative—yeas 68, nays 1S6; as follow:
Y£AS Messis. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Bennett.
Missel), Bobee, Bnggs, tturrovvs, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Umler, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Clarke,
