THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HFS
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
' TUESDAY, JULY 33, 1850.
New Series No. i
Oole,Corwm, CroweJI, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dur-
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gtdiiines, Giltnore,
Gott, Gould, Gunnetl, Halloway, Harlan, Henry, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Julien, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston ICins, Horace Mann,
McGanghey, Meadiam, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Plice-
mx, 1'itman, Putnam, Reed, ltisley, Rose, Riunsey, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Spatiiding, Snraaue, Thaddeus Ste-
ven^, Taylor, Thunnan, Tuck, Underbill, White, and
Wilniot—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, A&he, Ashimm, Aver-
ett, Bayly, Bingham, Bocock, Booth, Bowie, Bovd, Br.-ck,
Brooks, Albert G. Btown, William J. Brown, Bu.t, E. C.
Caljetl, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph p. Cald-
well, Cleveland, Clinginan, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Col-
cock, Conger, Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Duer, Dunham,
Edmuridson, jEwing, Featherston, Filch, Gnry, Gondenow,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson,
Ishain G. Harris, Sampson W. Haras, Thomas L. Harris,
Haymond, Hibbard, Holiaday, Holmes, Ilowaid, Hubbard,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sere,
Ltifler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshal!, Matteson, Mc-
Dowell, McKissock, Robert M. McLane, FinisE McLean,
McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miliar, Million,
Mooie, Morehead, Morris, Mor.-e, Moiton, Orr, Outlaw,
Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Powell, Richardson,-Robbins, Rob-
inson, Root, Ross, Savage, Sawttlle, Shepperd, Frederick
P. Stanton, Ricbatd H Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens,
Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Watkuis, Wellborn, Wemworth, Whittlesey, Wil-
drick, Williams, Wood, Woodward, and Young—116.
[Mr. Mason declined to vote, having paired
off with Mr. Gentry, who was for the admission
of Mr. Smith; and Mr. Schenck, having paired
off with Mr. Conrad.]
So the Honse refused to adjourn-.
Mr. CROWELL moved a call of the House,
and asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered—the ques-
tion being taken by tellers, viz: Messrs. Fowler
and Ewing.
Mr. TUCK moved that the House adjourn, and
asked for tellers, (who were ordered.)
Messrs. Harlan and Shepperd wereappointed.
And the question being taken the vote stood—
ayes 73, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Crowell, that there be a call
of the House, and resulted—yeas 84, nays 94; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Bayly, Bennett,
Bingham, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Boyd, Buses, Burrows,
Thom is B. Butter, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland. Cole, Conger, Corwm, Crow-
ell, Dickey, Doty, Durkee, Nathan Evans, fitch, Fowler,
Giddingr-, Good^now, Gott, Gould, Gunnel!, Hallo way,
Harlan, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jack-
son, Julian, John A. King, Preston King, Horace Mann,
Marsh ill, Matteson, MeGaughey, McKi^ock, McQueen,
Miller, Mooie, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Ous, Parker,
Phceniv, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Richardson, Risley,
Ruiiiiey, Schermerhorn, Sehooleiafr, fepauiding Sprague,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thurmun, Toombs, Tuck,
Und<-thill, Waldo, Wallace, Wentwoith, White, Williams,
Wihnot, arid Wood—84.
JtAYS—Messis. Allen, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Ash-
mun, Averett, Bocock, Bowie, Breek, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Chester Butler, E. C. Cabell,
George A'. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, CSfng-
man, V^lliamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Deberry, Dim-
mick, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewing,
Featherston, Gerrv, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris., Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbaid, Ilolladay,
Howaid, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Geoige G. King, James G. King, La S&re,
L< fflor, Litilefield, Job Mann, McDowell, Robert M.
McLane, Fmis E. McLean, McMullen, Meade, Millson,
Morse, Morton, Otr. Outlaw, Owen, Peaslee, PoweU, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Root, Rose, Ross, Savage, Sawtellc, Shep-
perd, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stet-
son, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
John B. Thompson, WaUlen, Wratkin-', Wellborn, Whittle-
sey, Wfldrick, Woodward, and Young—94.
So the call of the House was refused.
Mr. FOWLER moved that the House adjourn,
and asked for tellers.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, Mr. TOOMBS, and
Mr. ASHE, simultaneously demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered and Messrs. Miller and
Duncan were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed, ayes 79, noes 69.
So the House adjourned.
89
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 18, 1850.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing1, to which was referred the motion to print the
message of the President of the United States in
answer to a resolution of the Senate respecting the
organization of aState government in theTerntory
of New Mexico, reported in favor of printing the
same; which was agreed to.
RESOLUTION S«
The PRESIDING OFFICER took up the res-
olutions which have from time to time been offered
and not disposed of, and the following were
adopted:
Submitted by Mr. Douglas, January 31:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing, on the
usual emigrant line tioni the Missouri river to the fouth
Pass of the Rocky Mountains, a sufficient movable military
foice to protect ali emigrants to Oregon and California.
Submitted by Mr. King, June 14:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of State % hereby authorized
and directed to supply the State of Alabama with such
volumes of thelaw&of the United States and other public
documents as were destroyed by the burning of the capitol
of that State.
Submitted by Mr. Morton, July 2:
Resolved} That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
that naval timber for building arid repairing public ships be
procured and stored at the navy yard at Pensacola, Florida,
in like manner as at other navy yards.
Submitted by Mr. Baldwin, July 3:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance he instructed
to ascertain and repot t to the Senate the amount ol the pub-
he debt ot the United Stairs yet outstanding., (or the payment
of which the sales of the public laiuh were pledged by act of
Congress, appioved 2Sth January, IS47, and whethei, con-
sistently with the faith oi the. Government and the rights ot
the public creditors, the puhhc lands can be gratuitously dis-
posed of, while any such portion of such debt remains un-
paid, and if so, to what extent and under what limitations.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Dawson, on
the instant, was taken up'and read as follows:
Resolved, That the editors of the newspaper styled « The
Southern Press." liave the usual privileges of the floor ot the
Senate granted other cditois of newspapers in this city.
Mr. HALE. T move to add the editor of the
newspaper called the " National Era."
Mr. YULEE. One objection to the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire is, that the
paper to which he refers is a weekly paper. That
m itself is a suffieient objection, if there were no
other. It is but reasonable that the editors of a
daily paper should be admitted, but there can be
no good reason why the editors of weekly and
monthly journals should be admitted. The public
do not require the presence of the editors of such
publications, for they obtain from thedailyjournals
information to give value to their papers. The
case is very different in respect to the daily papers.
It is proper that they should have communication
with Senators, and be in a position to hear with
distinctness what transpires in this Chamber, that
they may be enabled to make accurate communi-
cation to the public the next morning simultane-
ously with the official reports. I hope, therefore,
that the resolution will be so modified as to cm-
brace the editors of daily journals at the seat of
the Government without specifying any particular
editors.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am opposed to the reso-
lution entirely. I believe that heretofore the
privilege which it is proposed to extend to the
editors of the Southern Press was only extended
to such editors as were in the employment of
Government—to the editors of the official papers.
If, however, the Senate should adopt the resolu-
tion and admit the editors of the Southern Press
and the National Era to the floor5 I wish to know
why the same privilege should not be extended to
the agents, editors, and reporters for every daily
paper in the Union. I can see no reason for the
distinction which it is proposed to create, and
therefore I move to lay the resolution upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The other resolutions, some twenty in number,
were laid upon the-table, with the exception of
two or three, whicji were postponed «to a .day cer-
tain. ; t " i
RECONSIDERATION. / *
The motion made by Mr. Yw.be to. rec&ns&fev
the vote by which the bill for the relief of- CV-F.
Sibbald was lost, was adopted—ayes 23* aoeg 10.
BILL PASSED.
The bill for the benefit of the Territory of Min-
nesota was read a third time and passed.
ERECTIONS ON THE PUBLIC GROUNDS.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following Resolution, submitted by
him:
Resolved, Thar the Committee on Public Buildings be in-
structed to inquire info the expediency of preventing the
further erection of the brick-suucture now befng erected on
the ground wetstof the Capitol yard, causing.what^-l*as al-
ready been placed there to be removed,
Mr. HALE. It is a mere resolution of inquiry.
I hope it will be passed. ' * - * t
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out " thje
Committee on Public Buildings," and insert " "the
Committee on the Library," as the building is tfow
going up under their direction.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the building're-
ferred to was ordered to be crected by the Com-
mittee on the Library, according to their instruc-
tions, for the purpose of preserving the various
botanical specimens brought home by the Explor-
ing Expedition. The chairman of the Committee
on the Library is not in his seat, and I think this
resolution should not be voted on in his absence;
I therefore move to lay it on the table.
Mr. FOOTE. I trust my friend will withdraw
his motion for a moment, to enable me toxorrect
a verbal error m the resolution.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire that it is not precisely ac-
curate to speak of a structure " which- is being
erected." Besides, when it is proposed to prevent
the "further erection"ofa building, the implica-
tion seems to arise that some erection of sach a
structure has already occurred. If so, it is scarcely
consistent to speak of such a building being only
in a course or process of erection.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope it will be
.considered no want of courtesy to either of these
committees for me to speak of this erection
" being erccted" m this part of the public grounds.
It is my own opinion, which I give with great de-
ference, that it is a very great obstruction, or it is
a very great destruction of the beauty of the public
grounds; and if these elections are to go .on, it
should be in some other place. I have looked
at the resolution under which the Com'nfittee on
the Library proceeded, and, with great deference
to that committee, my own impression is that they
have mistaken their authority entirely with regard
to the selection of the place on which this was to
be erected, and that the duty should have devolved
on the Committee on the Public Grounds. I would
have no objection to a joint reference of this mat-
ter to the Committees on the Library and on Public
Buildings. My own wish is that the thing should
be stopped. I think its erection was a sp.eat mis-
take. We have done a great deal to deface what
nature has done to make beautiful—the grounds
about the Capifol. I think one of the greatest ob-
structions to the beautiful prospect nature has
given us, is a caricature of Washington that lies
in the grounds immediately east of the Capitol.
Besides, there are the horrid attempts at sculpture
which we have at the east door of the Capitol. If
we could get rid of these things, if we could get
rid of these hindrances to nature, we would pre-
sent a vastly better view to visitors than we do
now. The building in question is m a bad place.
I voted for the green-house, but if I had supposed
it was to be a red house instead of a green-house,
I certainly would have voted against it. Th'eSen-
ate can do with this resolution what they tfemlc
proper. I have as little interest in it personally as
any other Senator. ,' '
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I am r&y sorry
the Senator from New Hampshire did not notice
