316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
in former years, that the whole appraisers'depart-
ment has been added to this Government since
1823, and that under the ad valoitm tanff, it has
become about the most important derailment of
the revenue, while its expenses have been neces-
sarily largely increased- The expenses m New
York alone the past year were §137,000. They
received and examined something like one hundred
thousand packages of merchandise, besides all the
other work they did,—and upon the faithful dis-
charge of these duties, 1 need not add, depends all
the success of the tariff of 184(5. If that tariff had
been lift us it passed *both Houses of Congress,
July 30, 184G, and if it had not been followed up
by a cuaous interpolation m the general appro-
priation bill of August 10th, 1846, whereby the
Secretary of the Treasury was clothed with full
power to revive all the regulations of the tanff of
1842, and indeed to levy duties substantially, by
determining what should be, or should not be, the
ad valor cms, it never would haveiealized revenue
enough to carry on the Government in time of
peace even, ceitainly never would have come up
to the expectations of the gentleman fiom Soutn
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.j The fact is, sir, Con-
gress, July 30th, passed the tariff of 184(5, and Au-
gust 10th, it rcenacted ail the conseivauve princi-
ples of the tariff of 1842, at the same tune clothing
ihe Secrecaty of the'lreasury with almost abso-
lute powers over the modes of collecting, and the
manner of administering the revenue. No man
better knew than Mr. Walker, that the taiifi of
July, 1846, was good for nothing without the al-
most hidden, and apparently insignificant item in
the civil and diplomatic appropriation act, which
declaied, lt reference (in the act of J uly 30th) shall
be had to values and invoices of similar goods im-
ported during the last fiscal year, under such gen-
eral and uniform regulations for the prevention of
fiaud or under valuation as shall be jTresctibed by
the {Secretary of the Treasury." Sir, the prescrip-
tions of Mr. Walker under the item of law in the
civil and diplomatic bill have been Treasury circu-
lais, which have made the appraisers, the legisla-
tors over the revenue in the land, and not the act
of Congress of July 30th, 1846-
One of these prescriptions (circular No. 30, De-
cember 26th, 1848) tells the merchant appraisers
of the country, " that the invoice pnee, or even the
price actually paid for an article of merchandise is
by no means a tiue ciiterion of the fair market
value as prescribed by law." X will not dispute
the propi ifty, or the authority for such a Treasury
dictum; but 1 do say, that he who has thus the
power of determining the true criteuon of a fair
market value upon everything, has, under an ad
valorem tariff, the power of levying duties, and is
a legislator in this land. Mr. Walker was always
so much in earnest to make his tariff of 1846 yield
revenue enough, and so disappoint the predictions
ot'some of the Whigs, that lie piled Tieasury cir-
cular upon TieaMiiy circulai,—a pile of which lie
here befoie me,—and under them lie made as good
a protective tariff as any man need desire—pro-
vided first, that the appraiser obeys ngidly and
to the letter all these instructions, and provided
next, the ad valorem system is not so vicious, on
any given article, that it cannot be inst) ucted out
of the way. Let me be understood. 1 desue no
better protective tariff than the tanff of August
10th—-not of July 30th, 1846—as expounded by
the Treasury instructions, which regulate the ap-
praismenis of market values,—provided that the
prices c.uient of July or August, 1846, be the
prices cunent upon which all these ud valorems
shall be turned into specific duties, wherever these
duties are practicable. The Secretary of the
Treasury construed the act into a very respectable
protective tanff,—but the incurable vice of it, how-
ever, was the ever shifting market value. Nothing
is stable, everything is unsettled. The appraiser
are, and must be in constant wrangle with the
merchants. Their duties are most vexatious, and
most laborious, and to the importer, their judgments
often very unsatisfactory and contradictory. But
1 have no time longer to dwell upon this. 1 think
1 have succeeded in showing what 1 wished to
show—that under the appraiscis' act of 1823, and
the universal ad valorems, the woik of the custom-
house is vastly increased beyond what it was in
1816.
Besides these additions to the cost of collecting
the revenue beyond v/hat it used to be, he wished
to call the attention of gentlemen to the system
of cash duties which began, lie believed, under
the compromise act, so called, of 1833. Prior to
that act, the merchant gave a bond to the collector
to secure the payment of duties; and that bond
was deposited in bank, and when paid credited to
the deposits of the Government. The officer of
the customs had then little or no trouble, and but
few persons were then required to do what it is
now necessary to have many to do. Now the
duties must be paid in cash; and cash, under the
sub-treasury act, means only gold and silver.
There were collected, 1 see, during one week in
January last, at the poit of New York, §1,332,821,
which for the six working days is something less
than a quarter of a million a day. Under the old
system all this could have been paid m bonds, but
under the sub-tieasury act it was necessary to
have in the custom-house a cashier and numerous
cleiks, who could not only count a quarter of a
million of dollars per day, but who could detect
errors in counts, who could also detect counterfeit
coins, or coins of shoit weight. In short, many
and experienced eyes were necessary, such as
could not be had for nothing, and upon whaL could
not be done by every body that came along. No
such proceedings as these were known under the
revenue law of 1816.
He had thus stated several of the items, which
added to the expenses of collecting the revenue
of late years, viz : the new modes of importation,
the appraisers department, cash duties, the sub-
treasuiy act; and he intended, if he had had
time to enlaige upon the expenses of the ware-
house system in the city of New York—a system
that, in the main, had his hearty approval, but
the cost of which the contracts of the late Secre-
tary of the Tieasury had made unnecessarily
great. He would do that Secretary the justice,
however, to say, notwithstanding the manner in
which his expenditures had been assailed on the
other side of the House, that if the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Bayly]
expected to save much fiom what he nad expend-
ed in the legitimate collection of the revenue, he
would have to study his eyes out, and then he
would be as amazed as Mr. Walker must have
been m 1848 after finding (as stated m his report,
1847) he had saved half a million, that his expen-
ses were actually gieater than ever. The real
truth was, that the expenses of collecting the re-
venue in this Government must increase as the
country increased, and the honorable member
fiom Vngima [Mr. Bayly] could do no better
than Mr. Walker had done, if he had tried to
help it. The St. Lawrence, and the vast lake
frontier, with their most tempting facilities for
smugglrns, must be watched more and moie as the
population mcieases. A whole empire had been
added to this Union on the Pacific coast, growing
with a rapidity that outrun and defied all calcula-
tion. Florida with a very huge and an expensive
coast to guard, and the new State of Texas has
been added to the Union since gentlemen made
their comparative calculations. 1 envy not the
duty of the honorable chauman of the Finance
Committee, when he sits down to the double duty
of enforcing the revenue lasvs, and of enforcing
them without an adequate number of officers. A*
for my own city, he may save something in the
warehouse system; he may sa\e much in the too
often profligate expendituie of the revenue marine,
—but he can save little or nothing in the custom-
house proper, without losing the country a thou-
sand dollars tor every dollar he thinks he saves.
The revenue had been collected the six months
past consideiubly cheaper than in the six corres-
ponding months of 1848- The account current
indeed stood thus :
Last six months of the year 1848 $392,216
" " 1849  355,497
Saving.. $>36,719
And during this time the increase of revenue over
the corresponding six months m 1848 was ^2,178,-
107.
No revenue-cutter now was in service in New
York, although the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] held New Yoik responsible for every
cutter th<it was fitted out at that great port for any
part of the country. The o^uly cutter New York
had had for the year past in service was the cutter
Morris, now hauled up. Cutters had been fiued
out there for California, and cutters fitted out there
had been turned over to the coast survey; for all
of which expendituresthe revenue marinehad been
unjustly responsible. But responsible or not, New
York had no more service from them than had
Maine or Louisiana. Let not these disbursements,
which happen to be made in the city of New York,
be charged to that city, when she has no benefit
from them.
He had risen only to vindicate his constituents,
who were accused of having expended among them
by this Administiation extravagant sums of the
public money; and havingdone this he would soon
bring his remarks to a close, even if not driven so to
do by the necessity under the rule of closing the
debate at two o'clock. At one time he had some ap-
prehension that the party out of power was dis-
posed to resort to the violent and revolutionary
action of stopping the supplies, for this would be
stopping the supplies to stop the means of collect-
ing the revenue. But he would do several of them
the justice to say, that they seemed disposed to
give the Secretary of the Treasury a trial upon his
estimates. He regretted to see, and to say, that
the chairman of the Ways and Means, who held
the post of Minister of Finance in the House, and
who, therefore, was supposed to come into close
and friendly contact with the Administration, did
not, in his opening speech, lift himself above party
and party prejudices in a way becoming, as he
thought, the delicate position he held in some de-
giee by our forbearance.
Mr. BAYLY asked if, in his opening speech,
he had made a single party allusion.
Mr. BROOKS replied, that the tone and tenor
of his speech certainly was, in his judgment, that
of a partisan ; but he hoped that the honorable
gentleman, hereafter, would bear in mind that he
now held peculiar relations to the country, as well
as to his psrty, and that, while he discharged his
party obligation, he was in a position to make,
and he could make, a national reputation.
In conclusion he begged the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and all gentlemen
associated in party bonds with him, to bear in
mind, that the best way to kill off an Administra-
tion was not to stop its supplies, or by crippling
it, so to cripple the country, that there would be
a common outcry against such opposition as that.
Let them be charitable, nay, let them be liberal to
the Secretary of the Treasury now—and hereafter,
when we meet, the next winter, and his adminis-
tration has had a complete fiscal year, let them,
if they choose, with that advantage, assail him
then. The Secretary now asks for the means of
carrying on the Government until Congress can
make specific appropriations. Jn want of these
means he was compelled by law to destroy the
revenue marine, to open the ports and the coast of
the country, in some degree, to all sorts of smug-
gling. The treasury was losing its thousands and
thousands while we are here dehbeiating. The
city he had the honor in patt to represent, would
not long, could not long, endure the existing state
of things. Merchants would claim their own
goods, and would have them, if the Government
would not appoint a sufficient number of officers to
discharge the duties of collecting the revenue. A
like stale of things, more or less, must soon exist
in all parts of the country. As for California,
wheie, at San Francisco, had suddenly sprung up
a port almost as large in her commerce as Phila-
delphia, there were this year between one and two
millions of revenue to be collected,—and it was
clear, there were no mean3 here for paymg officers
a cent for collecting that revenue. What is to be
done? is this great revenue to be abandoned? Are
the ports of Oregon and California again to be
thrown open to all the nations of the world,—or
j are we to provide the means for collecting the rev-
I enue ? He begged gentlemen of all parties to take
j these facts into consideration, and not to indulge
! in factious opposition. [The hammer fell.]
The hour allotted for the termination of the
debate here expired.
Mr. BAYLY (availing himself of the privilege
allowed by the rule to the gentleman reporting the
bill) addressed the committee m suppdrt of the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and in reply to gentlemen who had spoken on the
opposite side. [His Speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN then directed the Clerk to
read the original resolution and the several amend-
inents thereto.
