318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
at different points above and below the city,
guarding a space of forty miles on the Delaware;
and five miles on the Schuylkill. Alid,what is
more, Mr. Chairman, thrs number of the most ne-
cessary officers has not been increased since 1846;
while the business of the port has been vastly
augmented, and the enlargement of business above
the city, and the extension of business limits, have
been very great. The augmentation of business
may be judged of by the fact, that the cash re-
ceipts of the custom-house in Philadelphia, in
January, 184G, were but liule over two hundred
thousand dollars, ($200,000;) while in January
o"f this year, they much exceed five hundred thou-
sand dollars ($500,000.) Sir, not only will the
reduction of the officers of the fevenue greatly
retard the business movements of merchants,
already sufficiently harassed, but it will prevent
collections, and thus reduce the revenue; and,
worse than that, the unguarded coast and wharves
will invite the smuggler. And I need not tell
honorable gentlemen, that there are few more de-
moralizing pursuits than that of the smuggler.
The act of March 3, 1849, which has given rise
to these tioubles, is most injurious. And since
the honorable gentleman speaks of arrows, I may
be allowed to say that the bill, so full of mischief,
was a Parthian arrow shot by a retiring Ad-
ministration, to injure, and if possible destroy,
the pursuing: and incoming Administration. In-
deed, Mr. Chairman, I discern in the temper and
application of those who present and advocate the
temporary bill now before the committee, a deter-
mination to carry out the threat more than once
made to stop the wheels of Government.
[Mr. CARTER and others reminded Mr. C.
that such a threat had come from a gentleman on
his side of the House.]
Mr. CHANDLER continued. The conduct of
gentlemen on the other side of the House show
where the disposition to stop the wheels is exer-
cised. But it may be that the remark did come
from this side of the House. "All are not Israel
that are of Israel" And I do see a few honorable
gentlemen who, while I rejoice to count them
among the Whigs, I only wish they would speak
and vote a little more with us.
Bui, sir, the wish to 4< stop the wheels of govern-
ment" is apparent on the.other side of the House;
and I say to the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
without meantng to impute to him any such in-
tention, that this disturbing the custom-house,
this interference with the levenue, this vexatious
delay in mercantile action, seems rather to be in-
tended to lubricate the wheels of party by the
life juices of the working people and the business
men of the country.
Mr. C. concluded by withdiawing his proposed
amendment.
Mi. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, proposed the
following amendment to the substitute of the com-
mittee us amended, viz:
To strike out all of said amendment after the
year 1849, and insert: The following sums be, and
the same are heieby, appropnated for the second
h-tlf of the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1850:
For the expenses oi collecting the re-
venue $780,000 j
To additional expense occasioned by !
the wdieliousuig system authoi ized .. . 50,000
Expenses of new districts in Texas,
Oregon, &c   25,000
Expenses of new districts in Cali-
fornia.    100,000
Arnual increase of new districts, in-
crease of business  50,000
together with such sums 11 addition as maybe
received for cartage, labor, and storage.
Mr. THOMPSON said: In offering this
amendment, my object is to maintain and carry
out the law of 1849, from the principles of
which bill I will not consent to depart. In the
face of that law the Seeietary of the Treasury has
expended for the first half of the fiscal year over
$1,291,000; which subtracted from the sum al-
lowed him by the law of 1849, £1,560,000, leaves
him only $269,000. This sum, I admit, is wholly
insufficient, and I find myself constrained to en-
large the appropriation, while I leave the countiy
to hold him icsponsible for his own misdoing,
profligacy, and disregard of law. The bill as it
now stands, without the amendments which were
attuchtd to it on the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] and the gentleman from j
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] gives Mm #1,066,318,
exclusive of cartagc, drayage, storage, labor, &c.,
which by the estimate given to the House on yes-
terday, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vin-
ton,] is equal to $181,000 for the first half of the
fiscal year, thus making for the current half of the
fiscal year $1,247,318. By the amendments al-
ready made, the Secretary has this amount to
meet the expenses incurred on the Atlantic coast
in the collection of revenues, and an unlimited
amount at his disposal for the Pacific coast. This
is more than he asks at our hands. He only re-
quires $1,325,000. The bill, as it now stands,
allows him at least $1,400,000. I am opposed to
the whole system of indefinite dfscietionary ap-
propriations. I will sustain no such appropri-
ation by any vote of mine. In lieu of all this, 1
offer my amendment, making specific appropri-
ations, maintaining the principles and the policy
of the law of 1849.
The setting aside this law is overlooked, and
provision is made for each item specifically. For
the collection of the revenue fiom customs he is
allowed $780,000. Thus, taking him upon his
own premises, 1 follow without abatement his esti-
mates for what he is pleased to denominate the
extraordinary expenses. I repeat, 1 take his own
figures without change or alteration. For the
warehousing system he asks, and my amend-
ment gives, $50,000; expenses for the new dis-
ricts ju Texas, Oregon, &c., $25,000; for Cali-
fornia, $100,000; increase of business, &c.,
$50,000.
Now, if you add the $50,000 for the increase of
business, which is at the rate of $100,000 per an-
num, he will have for the collection ol the rev-
enue $830,000. For the districts on the Pacific he
will have all he asks, and li he has estimated this
expense too low, he, and he alone, is responsible.
I shall not relieve him from his responsibility.
Add these sums together, and my amendment
allows him $1,005,000 for this current half of the
fiscal yeal. Now, if you add to this the cost of
cartage, drayage, labor, (fee., at the before men-
tioned rate, $>181,000, he will have a sum total of
$1,186,000, which is only $139,000 less than what
he claims. He can, without injury to the public
service, carry on the public service for this sum.
Such is my opinion, and to this extent 1 will go,
and no further. Suppose this amendment carries,
the expenditures of this fiscal year, the sum ot
$1,291,000 having been already expended, will
amount to $2,477,000—a larger amount than has
been heretofore expended on this service. How
can wc hold ourselves excusable, if we adopt the
Presidential recommendation of an observance of
a strict economy in the appropriation and expen-
ditureof public money? Sir, tins House holds the
key of the Treasury, and the people will hold us
responsible for the faithful expendituie of their
money. 1 shall meet it frankly. 1 know I can
effect but little without the cooperation of the ex-
ecutive officers. But let us hold them up to the
full performance of their duty—their whole duty.
The Secretary shudders at this contemplated
retrenchment, but small as it is, he can make it.
One word in relation to what was said by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,]
that this bill was passed with a view of embar-
rassing this Administration. The gentleman is
mistaken, egregiously in error. I advocated this
bill, because 1 considered it right, and it was not
my fault that it did not- become a law applicable
to the last Administration. It was advocated by
me because it was right. It received the sanction
of a Whig House ot Representatives; and 1 do
not believe that a single member on either side of
this House advocated or sustained the Jaw on any
other consideration, with any other motive but to
subserve the public interest. The reflection he
makes becomes the embmtied partisan more than
the statesman, it is a miserable effort to hide
and cover up the blunders and delinquencies of
the Secretaiy of the Treasury—to escape the |j
effects of the law by an appeal to the partisan u
feelings of the House and the countiy. The ij
very reflection made shows that the arrows which '
have been shot from this side of the House have
taken a most deadly effect. Such a charge might
be made by miserable paity papers, seeking to be
noticed; but it does not set well with, nor does it
become the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I now call on gentlemen to show their faith by
their works.
Mr. WINTHROP desired to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. CARTER moved that the committee rise
and report progress.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
The question now being on the amendment of
Thompson to the amendment, it was taken
by tellers, (Messrs. Thomas and Casey acting as
such,) and decided in the negative—ayes 90, noes
Mr. RTJMSEY moved that the committee now
rise and report the bill. The committee was di-
vided, and the Chair proceeded to count the affirm-
ative.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order.
The committee, he said, had not yet voted on the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and Means
as-amended.
Mr. RICHARDSON here rose to a question of
order, whether any motion could intervene when a
motion was pending for the committee to rise?
Mr. INGE also insisted upon the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from New York, before the count was completed,
withdrew the motion for the committee to rise.
Mr. INGE made a point of order, whether the
gentleman could withdraw the motion after the
count on one side had been announced?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to decide
that the motion could be withdrawn at any time
before the vote was announced.
Mr. INGE appealed from that decision, main-
taining that it was not in order for a gentlemen to
withdraw after the commitee had been divided, and
the count on the affirmative side announced.
The CHAIRMAN explained that he had de-
cided in accordance with tne practice of the House,
which he believed was that a motion could be
withdrawn at any time before the decision was
announced.
Mr. ROOT said the motion to rise was one
which the Chair should not have entertained.
The motion was made out of order; and there
was no disorder certainly in withdrawing a mo-
tion made out of order. The committee could not
rise and report the bill until the question had been
taken on the substitute of the Committee of Ways
and Means as amended.
The question was then put, and the decision of
the Chairman was sustained without a count.
Mr. VINTON again gave notice of the amend-
ment whieh he intended to propose to the original
resolution—the same as that proposed by him to
1 the substitute, and which had been adopted.
Mr. ROOT moved that the committee rise and
report progress.
The question was put and carried in the affirm-
ative. The committee rose accordingly, and the
Chairman reported progress.
A motion was thtn made that when the House
adjourns it be until Monday next.
Phe Committee on Enrolled Bills made a report
back as correctly enrolled—
j fhe joint resolution of the Senate providing for
I the purchase of the manuscript of Washington's
Farewell Address;
The joint resolution providingfor the binding of
the public documents; and
The bill authorizing the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of Newton
Lane, late pension agent.
The question recurnng on the motion to ad-
journ till Monday next—
Mr. PRESTON KING said he saw no good
reason for adjourning over,and therefore demanded
the yeas and nays; which were refused.
Tellers were then demanded on the question.
They were ordered. The members having passed
between the tellers, it was ascertained that there
were 80 ayes and 77 noes.
So the House agreed to adjourn till Monday
next.
On motion, the Blouse then, at a late hour, ad-
journed till Monday next.
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented,
and referred under the rule.
f>y Mr. REED. The petition of professors and students of
the Theological Seminary at C<iuori!>burg, for cheap postage.
By Mi. MEACHAM : The petition ot A G. Chad wu-k and
otln;i*d,ol St. John&bury, Vemiont., asking tor reduction of
postage. Releried to the Committee on Die Post Oltice and
Post Roads. #
