1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
By Mr. BOOTH : The petition of Charles L. Chaplain
and others, of the Stale of Connecticut, praying to lie pro-
tected against the infringement of a patent right; which is
used in ihe British provinces of North America and the ar-
ticles made in said provinces sold ki the United States to the
injury and against the rights of the petitioners.
Al.-o, the petition of Eli Whitney, of Whitneyville, in the
State of Connecticut, and 77 other persons, praying for the
reduction of postage on prepaid letters to two cents per half
ounce.
► By Mr. W1LMOT: The petition signed by 75 citizens of
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
employment by Government of Chaplains for either House
of Congress and in the Army and Navy of the United States.
Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Ky Mr. COVGEli: The memorial of 600 citizens of Cort-
land county, New York, for the relief of Drayton and Sayre,
now in prison in the District of Columbia, and for the aboli-
tion of slavery in said District.
Bv Mr. FITCH : The account and accompanying papers'
of Thompson Barnett, of Indiana, lor mail services. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. RUMSEV": The petition of citizens of Hume, Al-
legany county. New York, for cheap postage.
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition from citizens of Arm-
strong county, praying for a change in the present tariff
laws. Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut: The memorial of Gid-
eon Close and others, praying a reduction of postage. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of William Cothren anil others, pray-
ing a reduction of postage. Referred to the Committee on
the Post office and Post Roads.
By Mr. ALBERTSON : The petition of SamuelUall and
fifty-six others, citizens of Gibson county, Indiana, praying
ihe passage of a law establishing a system of postage at a
rate barely sufficient to defray the expenses of the Depart-
ment a^ide from the expenses incurred by the franking
privilege. Referred to the Committee on the PostOffice and
Post Roads.
By Mr. OWEN: The petition of Henry G. Ross and
others of the city of Macon, in the State of Georgia, request- I
mg Congress to grant them the benefit of cheap postage by
establishing the rates of postage on prepaid letters at two
cents per half ounce.
By Mr. HOLL.IDAY : The petition of the heirs of (.apt.
John McAilanis. of Northumberland county, Virginia, ask-
ing for commutation pay, &c.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 8, 1850,
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEMORIAL FOR DISSOLUTION OF THE UNION.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the first
business in order to be the unfinished business of
yesterday morning. The question then pending
was on a motion to receive a petition presented by
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
from inhabitants of Pennsylvania and Delaware,
praying for the immediate and peaceful dissolution
of the Union. On this subject the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, when I yielded
the floor yesterday to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] I was about proceeding
to remark that I had understood it to be the
uniform practice of the Senate for the last twenty
y gars—as Ions as this agitation of slavery has
prevailed on the floor of Congress—to lay the mo-
tion to receive petitions relating to the subject on
the table. That is to say, when the petitions came
from individuals, or from public meetings, or as-
sociations, relating to the slavery question, the
motion to receive them was to be laid upon the
table; but if the petitions or memorials came from
States, then they were to be received and printed.
Under'sianding this to be the uniform practice of
the Senate upon this subject, I have adhered to
and acquiesced in that practice in the votes which
I have given. I am not aware of one instance in
which a petition relating to this slavery agitation
comino- from the North has been received, and the
only departure that I am awaie of fiom this prin-
ciple—if it is. a departure, and I think it is one
clearly—was in the case of the proceedings of the
meetino- presented the other day by the Senator
from North Carolina. Then a motion was made
to receive; the Senate refused- to lay that motion
upon the table, and received the memorial. The
reason assigned for it was, that this memorial
asked for no action, but was simply a remon-
strance against the action of the Senate upon this
question. I must confess, sir, that 1 was very
much amazed when I found that myself and one
other Senator [Mr. Bradbury] were the only in-
dividuals who voted against the reception of that
memorial; for, sir, I hud supposed that if it was
proper to receive a memorial to Congress against
anv specific action upon the slavery question here
it was proper to receive one for it; if one side had
a right to petition, the other side had a right to
petition; and, if it was proper to receive petitions
against, it was proper to receive them for it.
Hence, sir, I had supposed that the Senate were
going to adhere to the rule and practice which has
hitherto obtained, of refusing to receive memorials
upon this subject, whether they come from the
North or from the South, whether for or against
the institution of slavery.
Well, sir, it so happened that yesterday a me-
morial came from the State of Pennsylvania, I
think, in which the memorialists protest against
the admission into this Union of any States whose
laws tolerate the institution of slavery. Here, sir,
was a memorial upon the same question, asking
for nothing, but objecting to any action by this
Congress; and when that memorial came, it was
precisely the case of the one from North Carolina
—a memorial against action upon this question.
A motion was made to lay it upon the table, and
that motion, concerning a petition against any ac-
tion, goes upon the table, and the resolutions were
received. I voted, sir, to lay both upon the table.
I believed that, in voting for bo h motions, I was
acting in accordance with the practice and usage
of the Senate for the last quarter of a century; but
it seems, unless the matter was not duly considered
by Senators, that our rule is to be that one side of
the Union may petition,and its petitions be re-
ceived, and the other side petition and its petitions
be condemned and excluded, on the same subject
and on the wune principle.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) That is it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I, for one, must be permitted
to say that I cannot sanction, as far as 1 am con-
cerned, this discrimination upon the doctrine of
petition. It is time that we begin to investigate
this question of the doctiine of petition, and to
have rules and usages that can be adhered to,
when a petition of this character comes, from
whatever quarter it may come, and upon whatever
side of the question it may be. I am willing to
take the responsibility of laying upon the table all
that relate to this slavery agitation. I believe that
agitation is wrong. I believe that its tendency
is to alienate the affections of the people from the
Union, and eventually, perhaps, endanger the ex-
istence of the Union itself; but if 1 am to be called
upon to lay upon the table the motion to receive
petitions for action, I must do it also in the case
of petitions against action. If I am to be called
upon to lay on the table every petition from the
North which prays for non-action, I must call
upon my southern friends to reject also petitions
from the South that require non-action upon this
question. I wish to see a principle adopted and a
practice sustained and adhered to here, which ap-
plies alike to the North and to the South, and to
petitions alike from every section of the Union,
when the petitions relate to the same subject and
ask for the same kind of action.
But, sir, there seems to be a sentiment prevailing
among many that all petitions are to be received
here and the prayer considered, and that the re-
fusal to do it is a violation of the right of petition.
I recognize the right of the people to petition to
the fullest extent. I have given no vote which in-
vades or restrains the doctrine of the right of every
citizen to petition. 1 hold, however, that the right
to petition only extends so far as the right exists
to grant the prayer of the petitioner. If every man
has the right to petition on every subject, he must
direct his petition to that ttibunal which has com-
petent jurisdiction over the sub ret.
But' I will not go into a discussion of that
branch of the subject. I hold further that, under
the Constitution, the Senate has the right to dis-
pose of all petitions in such manner as the Senate
shall deem proper. The Constitution provides
that we shall prescribe our own rules of proceed-
ing, and, sir,it is as competentto reject the prayer
of the petition, on a motion to lay the question of
leception on the table, as it is to vote down a bill
before the Senate sustaining the prayei of the pe-
tition. It is only a question of expediency and
propriety how far we shall proceed in the different
steps of legislation on peiitions which shall be
presented; and I am free to say that there aie
certain petitions which I am not willing to take
up the time of the Senate in votine to receive,
read, lay on the table, and refer to a committee;
and of all petitions that can be devised, the pe-
tition now before us is one of that character. It
is no less, sir, than a petition to dissolve the
American Union. Sir, is this Senate under obli-
gations to receive with respect and consider prop-
|l ositions to dissolve the American Unien? I hold
not, sir: First, we have no power under thoj^on- *
stitution to gram the prayer of the pewPbn;
secondly, if we had the power, it is moral treason*
to give countenance and encoucagement to the
prayer of such a petition. For one, sir, I am
utterly opposed to its reception. There is no
right "in the doctrine of petition that will author-
ize the citizens of this Republic, or any portions
of them who are reckless enough to do so, to ask
us to receive and hear the prayer of petitions for
the dissolution of the American Union. 1 am
glad we are now to have a test question on this
subject—to test whether all petitions of every
kind and description that madmen may choose to
send to us are to be received and acted upon by
the Senate. I shall vote against the reception of
petitions not only upon this subject, but in rela-
tion to that whole class of subjects the tendencies
of which are to weaken the bonds Jof the Ameri-
can Union, or to result in its ultimate dissolution.
Here, sir, you have the question directly pre-
sented whether you will receive this petition to
dissolve the Union. Upon the slavery question
this matter only comes up in its tendencies.
Every man sees that this slavery agitation has but
one tendency, and that that tendency is to sever
the Union forever. I shall vote against the re-
ception of this petition to dissolve the Union, and
I think the Senate ought to adhere to the good old
practice of laying upon the table every petition
the direct and ineviiable tendency of which is to
lead to the same result, only by slower and more
indirect steps.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to hear the petition
read, sir.
The petition was accordingly read.
Mr. STURGEON. When I heard that peti-
tion announced to the Senate yesterday, I was
utterly astonished, so much so that 1 was induced
to go to the Clerk's table and examine the papers;
ami from that examination 1 undertake to say that
the whole matter is spurious. The names of the
petitioners all appear to be in one handwriting,
one half of them at least in pencil mark, and the
other half most probably in the handwriting of
the person who sent it here.
Now, Mr. President, 1 am somewhat acquaint-
ed with the feelings of that class of society in
Pennsylvania called Ctuakers. I regret the opin-
ions which they entertain in relation to the subject
of slavery. I differ with them on that subject; and
when petitions on this question have been for-
warded to me for presentation to this body, I have
enclosed them in a letter begging them to take them
back, as I could not undertake the presentation of
them. In consequence of my adoption of thte
cou rse, I have had very fe w petitions sent to my care
on this subject, especially for the last' four or fiv&
years. But let the feelings of this society be what
they may—and I have nothing to gain from them
in politics, for they are all old Federalists of the
school of 1799, and I never received any favors
from them—let the opinions of this society be what
they may, I now declare in my place here, that
that society entertain no such sentiments as arc
contained in that petition. It has proceeded, I
have no manner of doubt, from some violent black-
hearted abolitionist, who has got it up arid signed
names to it; and 1 now denounce it as a spurious
document.
Mr. HALE. I regret that, if the Senaior from
Pennsylvania was so anxious to find out who were
the petitioners, he did nut come to me. The Sen-
ator seems to think that they are black-hearted
federalists, abolitionists, and wings of 1799. I beg
leave to inform the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania that I have a petition of a %ery different
character, to which the names are all signed" by
different persons, and if the gentleman will exam-
ine it he will find that the names are not spurious;
I do not know the color of their hearts.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire be good enough to send to the Cierlt s
table the letter which enclosed that petition, and
have it read ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly, certainly.
The letter was accordingly read.
Mr. HALE. I want, before I sit down, simply
to refresh the recollection of the Senate and the
Senator from Illinois in regard to a matter of his-
tory on this subject., i find, upon examining the
Journal of the Senate of the 21st of Match, 1848,
that there were several petmona presented from
citizens of Baltimore praying for the abolition of
