1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
even have been approached ? And may not this
unprecedented delay on the part of Congress in
acting for the people of that Territory vety justly
have induced a departure from the strict line of in-
structions which Mr, Babbit had received, so that
he might ask to be admitted at once, to represent
the rights and interests of the people who sent him
here? I think there is much in the case now pre-
sented which appeals to our sound discretion, and
which did not exist in the case of New Mexico.
And I think, as I have already said, that the mere
admission to this tfoorof a person to represent that
peop'e, cannot recognize the institutions of the
Terrfcf>ry, or give any force or effect to them, or
place in his hands any legislative authority. Nor
do I believe that the mere act of admission can
confer upon him any rights or incidents belonging
to a Delegate from a regularly organized Territory.
It is merely the privilege of a seat, and nothing
more. He is not a Delegate in the sense laid
down by the statute book, or of the usage of the
Government as existing from its foundation.
Nor can he enjoy the rights and immunities of the
representative of such a Territory, except under an
act of Congress, passed under all the sanctions of
hw. He is admitted merely that he may give in-
formation as to the people whom he represents—
that he may present their petitions here and ask
for them such legislation as may be suited to their
peculiar want3 and condition.
I shall, therefore, vote in favor of the amend-
ment which I have offered, because I believe that
it is nothing more than a simple act of justice to
the people who sent him here, that this gentleman
should be admitted to the privilege of a seat on
this floor.
Mr. GENTRY said he had voted in favor of the
admission of the Delegate from New Mexico, and
he intended to vote in favor of the admission of
the Delegate from Deseret. He held the opinion,
that it was within the discretion of this House to
admit, or to refuse to admit, any man presenting
himself here as the repiesentative of any given
number of persons claiming to be citizens of the
United States. There was nothing in the Consti-
tution which limited or prescribed the power of
the House in this regard; nor was there anything
in any law of the Government which did so. De-
riving his impressions—and probably his preju-
dices—from those early gleanings of American
history which we all read in our school-boy days,
it was an impression probauly a prejudice, m
his mind—he, however, regarded it as a principle,
that a people over whom it was claimed to exer-
cise the rightofgovernment, had the rightto be rep-
resented. It was a principle which, in a very
great degree, constituted the essence of the Ameri-
can Revolution. It was the assertion of the power
m the British Parliament to tax, at its will, the
people of colonies to which it denied the right of
representation, that led our fathers to assert that
right, and to maintain it with their blood. He re-
garded it, therefore, as a great American principle,
that where the right to rule was asserted, the correla-
tive right of representation must follow; and when-
ever we abandon that right, we should be faithless
to the principles of the American Revolution. That
was his view.
But, to put the matter on the ground of policy,
he believed that every consideration, of policy
should induce us to admit, at once, both the Dele-
gate from New Mexico and the Delegate from
Deseret., What did the House decide in either
case by doing so? Did it decide the question of
the disputed boundaiy of New Mexico? Cer-
tainly not. Did it rccognize, or give force to any
political organization which had been formed, or
which purported to have been formed? Surely
not. The House simply decided that these people
were American citizens, who had the right to be
represented on this floor, whose laws were to be
made by which their welfare was to be affected,
and their destiny determined. That was all which
the House would decide. Upon the ground of
policy alone, therefore, to these remote posses-
sions, newly acquired as they were, was it not
proper to give to these people the protection which
they had a right to expect under the treaty of
Guadalupe, and to extend to them all the courtesy,
consideration, and kindness, not incompatible
with public interests, which it mieht be in the
power of the House to bestow? If the question
could be decided, divested of all these extraneous
issues which had been connected with it, he be-
lieved that scarcely a doubt would be entertained
! of the propriety of the admission of these gen-
! tlemen. What evil cotild result? What injury
could be inflicted ?
j Let them tell us the wants, the wishes of these
! people—under what evils they groan and suffer,
j ariu what particular measures of legislation they
: believe best calculated to remedy those evils and
; to reconcile them to their lot.
i Thinking so, I vote so. 1 will never give my
S vote under the influence of a clamor. Why, there
! has been a sectional vote here—I cannot perceive
| in any degree how any sectional interests are in-
; volved in the question. The admission of the Del-
: egate from New Mexico was opposed by the South
! and advocated by the North in the main, though
! not exclusively. He who does not vote with his
' section, of course, is to be proscribed as faithless
j to that section. In my votes here, I have on all
1 occasions, and upon every question, pursued the
; dictates of my conscience and my judgment, and
| I will not vote in servile surrender of my belief
, and my conscience, to any clamor from any quar-
1 ter whatsoever.
I With respect to the objection that there is no
' regularly-organized community to be represented
| here, my understanding of the facts is altogether
| different. My understanding is, that New Mexico
i has been a regularly-organized political community
' for more than a hundred years—sometimes as a
State, sometimes as a department, sometimes rep-
resented in the Mexican Congress, sometimes sub-
ject to the absolute rule of the Central Government
of Mexico; but for more than a hundred years
existing as a distinct separate community, in a
regularly organized form. And I think the same
fact now obtains in relation to Deseret.
Mr. WOODWARD replied to the remarks of
: Mr. Gentry, on the subject of the rejection of the
j Delegate from New Mexico. He insisted that the
; sectional vote was in favor of that Delegate, and
! not against him. A large body of northern gen-
i tlemen had voted with the South in the negative,
j Some gentlemen seemed to suppose, that when-
| ever the North thought proper to support or op-
pose any measuie fiom sectional views, right or
wron°:, the South was bound to go over and vote
with them, in order to prevent sectional issues.
He (Mr. W.) thought otherwise. Let those
who make sectional issues be responsible for
them. He scouted the doctrine of the political
rights of New Mexico. Gentlemen admitted a
perfect right to conquer New Mexico, but denied
that we could govern her after conquest. What
an absurdity! We could wrest her from the coun-
try to which she belonged, against her will; take
from her the constitution of the Central Govern-
ment of Mexico; tear her from the people of her
own race, who spoke her own language and pro-
fessed her own religion, and force her into connec-
tion with a people of a different race, language and
religion*,—we could do these violent and injurious
acts, but could not perform the benign and pro-
tective act of governing her. Wc could, by con-
quest, assume sovereignty and jurisdiction, but
could not practice them. Sir, it is discreditable to
the American Congress that such wretched petti-
fogging should ever have been advocated on this
floor. Gentlemen appear to forget that the right
of conquest is a higher right than that of govern-
ment, and necessarily includes it.
As to the admission of the Delegate from Dese-
ret, it would be in derogation of the rights, both
of the United States and of the people of Deseret.
We had no sufficient evidence that the applicant,
(Babbit,) represented the whole people there. It
was quite certain he did not. If we should admit
hir$, a Delegate might to-moirow, come with such
credentials as would oblige us to give him a pref-
erence. Half a dozen might come from different
sections of that country with as feasible preten-
sions as the present one. Before admitting any
Delegate you should determine by geographical
limits, what is Deseret, and what inhabitants con-
stitute one people, and are entitled to one and the
same Delegate. Otherwise each of a dozen differ-
ent groups might claim a Delegate independently of
the rest. There is no mode of establishing the
political unity of a people, except by means of
geographical bounds. A contrary doctrine would
lead to the consequence, that each county in a
State might proclaim its separate existence and in-
dependence ; indeed, that each individual man,
might declare himself sovereign and independent
of the States a sort of sovereignty that exists in
great perfection with a Rocky mountain buffalo,
or a Scandinavian bear.
To admit,this Delegate would be to recognize
the political existence of Deseret as she is, or
claims to be. The admission of him of course
would imply a provision by act Congress for
his compensation, &c., as has invariably beew
done, and is to be done in this case. Such a
cour&e would amount to-a recognition of the laws
and constitution of Deseret. The Federal court
would so decide in any litigation that might comer
before it involving the question.
It is a great mistake to suppose that oar treaty
with Mexico secured any rights to our own citi-
zens in the conquered territory. The stipulations
of the treaty are for the protection of the rights of
the Mexican inhabitants; that is, their civil "rights,
they having no political rights. The conqueror
has no need of treaty stipulations to protect hia
people. The conquered nation alorie resorts to
such stipulations. And thus it was in our treaty
with Mexico. To coneede the claims of these
Mormons, would be, therefore, to take the benefits
of the treaty from the only people entitled to them.
We are bound, by treaty, to govern the Mexican
population, or else to establish regular local gov-
ernments for the purpose.
In that portion of his remarks relating to the
Delegate from New Mexico—
Mr. WOUDWARD was called to order by
The CHAIRMAN, who stated, that although
it might be proper to refer to the past action of the
committee on a subject which they had disposed
of, it was not, in the opinion of the Chair, in ordsjr
to enter into the direct discussion of such a ques-
tion.
Mr. WOODWARD claimed the right to reply
to Mr. Gentry, and was proceeding in the same
tenor of remark, when
The CHAIRMAN again interposed,and stated ?
that if this latitude of debate were to be allowed9
it must be by the committee, and not by the Chair.
In the opinion of the Chair, the gentleman was
out of order in the remarks which he had made,
discussing the question of the admission of the
Delegate from New Mexico.
Mr. WOODWARD appealed from the decision.
Mr. ORR moved that his colleague be allowed
to proceed in order.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the gentleman had
that privilege without a motion.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision
ruling the remarks of the gentleman from South
Carolina out of order.
Mr. FRESTON KING. The gentleman from
South Carolina has already appealed.
Mr. ASHMUN said, he understood the gentle-
man from South Carolina not to insist upon has
appeal.
Mr. INGE said, he would appeal if the gentle-
man from South Carolina did not.
Mr. BAYLY suggested to the gentleman ma-
king the appeal the propriety, as the gentlemar>
from South Carolina was nearly through his re-
marks, and as there was no quorum in committee,
of withdrawing the appeal and not breaking up
the committee.
Mr. WOODWARD said, as there was not a
quorum present, and because of the absence he
could not obtain his rights, he would waive saying
anything further upon this point, and would with-
draw his appeal.
Mr. PRESTON KING. If that is the decision
of the Chair, 1 appeal.
Mr. INGE. 1 desire that this debate shall go
on, and that the same latitude of debate shall be
extended to others that was extended to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee. I have not withdrawn
the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN said, he had not decided
that the gentleman from South Carolina could not
reply to the gentleman from Tennessee. The
Chair had decided that the debate on this question
of the admission of a Delegate for Utah could not
be diverted to the discussion of a question already
acted upon and disposed of.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the negative, without a di-
vision.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
Mr. Woodward's remarks were decided to be in
order.
