THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PIBLISHED AT +VASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1850.
entertained, I did not intend to restrict the right of
petition to the point which the Senator supposes
my language meant. I know that in the general
regulations in reference to the affairs of society
everybody has an interest. Everybody has an
interest, for instance, in the case which the gentle-
man put *, for, although I may not now be a sailor
in the service, I may become one, and therefore I
have a direct interest in the laws which legulatc
the discipline of the service. Now I put it to the
gentleman whether he has not the discrimination
to see the entire want of application in the case he
put by way of illustration to the principle I an-
nounced? Wherever there is any general rule
regulating thtf affairs of society which can here-
after operate on an individual, whatever it may
be, by the establishment of the rule, it is an affair
in which he has a personal interest, ft operates
on him, though not at the instant, yet pro-
spectively, and he therefore has a right to be heard.
These are not the class of cases I intended to em-
brace in the remarks I made. Those are of such
a character that neither now or in time to come
can the law which the memorialists seek to pass
operate on them, and these are a class of cases
where I utterly deny the right of petition. Now,
let me ask the Senator from New Hampshire, how
can a law, either in this District or in any State of
this Confederacy, in reference to slavery, operate
on a citizen of New Hampshire who may remain
at home all his life? It is utterly impossible that
it can operate on him.
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) He may remove.
Ivlr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator says he
tnay remove, and become a citizen of a State
where the would operate, and because by
possibility he may do that, therefore he has a
right to petition. Well, let us test the question,
in this asxiect, if you please. Have I a Yight to
petition Great Britain for a law operating on her
citizens? Will the gentleman say I have a li'ht
to petition a foreign country to regulate her do-
mestic code in such a way that when I choose to
become a denizen or a naturalized citizen I may
have the benefit of the laws I desired to have
passed? I deny that I have such a right. We
may, then, without injustice to the citizen of New
Hampshire, refuse to grant to him the right of pe-
titioning in reference to a law which is to operate
solely in other States, until he becomes a citizen
of one of them. When he does become a citizen
of one of them, I should be ready to hear him, but
not until then. The distinctions which 1 have
drawn, I think, are just and clear, and can easily
foe comprehended, and I think, therefore, it is a
safe rule that I announced yesterday.
A word ot* two in reference to this petition. I
recollect the first petition, I believe, of a similar
character, that was ever presented to the other
branch of Congress, and I recollect, too, the sen-
sation that was produced on that occasion. It
was immediately arrested by the introduction of
a series of resolutions to censure the late ex-Prosi-
dent Adams by the House, if they did not go so
far as to expel him from his seat, in consequence
of his presentation of a petition of that character.
The proceedings then instituted lost sight of the
presentation of the petition, and were immediately
converted into proceedings to try the individual
who offered it, although at the time he presented
the petition he coupled it with a motion to commit
it to a select committee with instructions to report
the reasons why the prayer of the petitioners
should not be granted. Perhaps the country lost
something m consequence of the House not adopt-
ing the motion made, and referring the petition to
a select committee with that gentleman at the head
of it, whereby we might have obtained one of
those reports which always distinguished him,
against every attempt to dissolve the Union under
which we Itve. However that may be, the peti-
tion was disposed of by losing sight of it, and
trying the individual for the impropriety of pre-
senting it in the other branch of Congress. I
make no reproach on the Senator fiom New
Hampshire at his having taken this course. It is
his right to judge in these matters for himself, but
21
' New Series No. 21.
I deeply regret that he was not actuated by the
motives which actuated the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Sturgeon.]
It becomes a question for us, when these peti-
tions are presented, to dispose of them in some
way, and I insist that we ought by resolution or
report to lay down some principle by which the
people should be governed, and that we should say,
in some way, in regard to memorials asking Con-
gress for things which Congress has no right to
grant, that they have no right to present memo-
rials of that character. And 1 would go further
and say to them that when they ask for laws which
will not operate on them but on others, it is an
application on their part intermeddling in Jts char-
acter, and unworthy.in principle. Now, if we
could reason with the people of the North, and
lay down these principles for their consideration,
and show to them that they were constantly inter-
meddling in matters that do not appertain to their
interests anywhere, it seems to me that it would
have a good effect. It is the only plan I have been
able to devise to bring to an end the vexatious
questions thatare constantly presenting themselves
before the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. I move'to lay the question
of reception of the petition on the table, and on
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no; let us take a di- !
rect vote on it.
Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What is the
question ? Is it on the reception of the petition?
The VICE-PRESIDENT, his.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have for some
years pursued but one course in regard to the re-
ception of petitions. I have believed the petitions
which were sent here in relation to slavery and
the disposition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia,and within the Territories of the United States,
were addressed to this body becausc Congress had
power to act upon those subjects, and as I recog-
nized that Congress had such power and authority,
I believed it to be our duty to receive those peti-
tions and dispose of them as we thought rightand
proper. The privilege of petitioning, of simply
offering an humble prayer to Congress, is a very
humble privilege in any point of view in which
you choose to regard it; but, sir, there are some
matters thatare too plain to be mistaken. They
are too obvious to require any consideration, and
among them is the question which is now pre-
sented for our consideiation. I think there can
be but one opinion in the Senate, but one mind*
among Senators here, in regard to the power and
authority of Congress, under the Constitution, to
dissolve the Union, or to adopt any measure for
that purpose. It has no such power, it possesses
no such authority, and the petition, therefore, is
not presented to a body that has any right to act
on the subject. That is a matter I hold to be ex-
tremely clear. And it seems to me, to go a little
further than this, that when we c.ome into this
Chamber the first duty which the Constitution re-
quires of us is, to go to your table and to swear
before Almighty God that we will .support this
Constitution. That is the first act which a Sena-
tor is bound to perform, the first duty which is
imposed upon him by that instrument, and he can
never become a member of this body until he per-
forms that service.
Well, sir, what are we called on to do ? To sup-
port that instrument which we have sworn to sup-
port? No, sir; no, sir. We are called upon to
destroy it, and I am not prepared for a step of that
! description. I want, therefore, no time to consider
a petition of this character, no opportunity to de-
liberate upon it, and I am ready to act now.
I\Jr. FOOTE. I rise simply for the purpose of
expressing my cordial acquiescence in the patriotic
sentiments expressed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis.] He deserves the more
credit, permit me to say, for the avowal of these
sentiments, in consideiation of the fact that within
the last ten days a large conventional assemblage
of the citizens of the different parts of New Eng-
land has taken place in old Faneuil Hall itself, at
which, after three or four days* deliberation and
discussion, a solemn resolution was adopted pro-
vidiiyr for the dissolution of the Union, and denoun-
cing all who did not concur with them in opinion.
It is rather an amusing fact, if I may mention so
light a matter in connection with topics so solemn,
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
was most wofully castigated by various speakers
who attended the same convention. Sundry ha-
rangues weredelivcred against him in consequence
of his not going far enough, as they charged, in
supportof the cause of abolition. He seems to have
been understood by those who thus assembled in
Paneuil Hall, as not altogether as ultra on the sub-
ject of slavery as he mi^ht be, not being commit-
ted like themselves to a dissolution of the Union, in
order to bring about the destruction of an institu-
tion guarantied by the Constitution. They com-
plained especially of his having on a late occasion
here acknowledged his respect for the guarantees
of the Constitution on the subject of slavery, so far
as they give protection to this institution within
the limits of the slave States. The honorable Sen-
ator appears at present to have somewhat altered
his attitude in regard to this matter; he is now
willing to represent the wishes and opinions of
those who go furthest in this crusade against the
South, and is even now willing to become the or-
fjan of those whose acknowledged design it is to
destroy the Union itself in order to atum their fell
purpose in regard to slavery. Neither Garrison,
nor Phillips, nor Fiedetick Douglass could find
fault with the couise of the Senator from New
Hampshire to-day. Well, sir, I am not very pro-
foundly surprised at this change in the course of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire. He
was so mercilessly^castigated by the infuriate ora-
tors who addressed this convention at Faneuil
Hall, that he might well apprehend some falling
off in his cherished popularity in that particular
section of the Union, if he did riot very promptly
announce his acquioscence in the teachmgsof those
Solomons who have ur.dertakento counscl the de-
scendants of the Pilgrims as to their duty at this
crisis. I have heretofore observed the fact, and
have remarked upon it here, that the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire never is denounced
for his moderation by the ultra-abolitionists of the
North, without becoming immediately more furi-
ous himself than he had been before.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Foote] will be just; he is always se-
vere, because he cannot help it; but I appeal to
his sense of justice, if that course of remark is
fair, when the journals show that a year ago I
presented eight petitions of the same character as
the one under consideration? I have ever occu-
pied the same position, that of contending for the
right of petition without reference to the subject
of the petition.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, -sir, it may be that the
honorable Senator may not have undergone so
serious a change in his opinions upon this subject
as I had supposed. It may be that he was always
an ultra-abohtic.nist, as he now seems to be. It
may be that formerly, as now, he was willing to
become the agent of unprincipled factionists, who
have plotted the deduction of the Union in order
to accomplish the ruin of the South. But certain
it is, that gentlemen and compeeis d*d not recog-
nize him as thus affiliated with them, and devoted
to the furtherance of their views, as he has now
showed himself to be. Had they so understood
the matter they would doubtless have commended
him instead of censuring him. We certainly un«
derstand the Senator now, if we never did before.
We now understand him as being the willing agent
of those who denounce the Constitution which he
is sworn to support, and declare it to be their un-
alterable resolution to deslroy'the Union in order
to abolish slavery. Sir, those persons, whose organ
the honorable gentleman now is, are quite numer-
ous in New England. They have become quite
an influential body of men. They are able to con-
trol many thousands of votes in all popular elections.
The honorable gentleman is an aspiring man; he
ha« been mentioned as a person worthy to fill &evera\
