32*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
very high offices besides theonehenow fills. He is
knowiuo be fond of popularity; and he told us the
other day, with an indiscreet franknes^ which sur-
prised some of us, that this anti-slavery agitation
was kept up in the North chiefly by political aspi-
rants, in order to secure their own advancement to
hio-h places. Under these circumstances, it is cer-
tainly not very astonishing that the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire grows more and
more rabid—more and more tempestuous in his
harangues here, as the popular excitement in his
own section of the Union becomes more and more
intense, and as the denunciations against himself
increase in number and intensity. I rather con-
dole with the honorable Senator than censure him
on account of his eo-nduct upon the present occa-
sion. Certainly I cannot approve his conduct; it
is, in truth, wholly unjustifiable. But I make some
allowance for a gentleman so unfortunately cir-
cumstanced, who is compelled to make choice
between doing his duty as a patriotic Senator of
this body, and maintaining that popularity which
is so dear to a man who has permitted political
ambition to take up its residence in his bosom.
1 almost could find it in my heart to regret that the
honorable Senator should have divulged the fact
the other day, to which I have already alluded,
that this question of slavery was one ridden
by political agitators in New England as a more
electioneering hobby. 1 fear that Garrison, and
his allies will hardly confide in him so fully
now as they might have done if he had not
thus let the cat out of the bag, and indulged in this
precious confession before' the whole country.
But that I condole so profoundly with the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire, on account of
the compulsion to which he is from time to time
subjected, and the necessity imposed upon him of
doing many things here which I must hope are
not entirely agreeable to his own taste, in order to
keep up his popularity and influence at home—
that is to say, among the factiomsts whose special
agent in this body lie undeniably is—I should be
induccd to apply to him and his conduct on the
present occasion the harshest language and crimi-
nation. 1 should be even induced to go further,
and to impose upon him the severest penalties to
whjch a member of this body can be subjected.
One thing is certain : it was only a few years ago
- that John Ctuiney Adams himself was very nearly
being expelled from the House of Representatives
for undertaking to present in that body such a pe-
tition as that now brought bcfoie us. Expelled
he would certainly have been but for the merciful
postponement of action upon the motion for ex-
pulsion, which was accorded to his age and for-
mer services, and the intermediate rendition of
semi-satisfactory apologies in one form or another,
i repeat, that but for the commisseration which I
feel for the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, constrained, as he evidently considers him-
self to be, to play the wretched part which he is
now playing as the representative and agent of
factionists and traitors, I should be not only in-
duced to censure him harshly, but I should even
be in favor of enforcing against him the heaviest
penalties for factional misconduct. Perhaps I
might even be willing to submit such a motion for
expulsion myself. As it is, I will not do it. 1
am willing to let the Senator from New Hamp-
shire do pretty much as he pleases in relation to
this whole subject of slaveiy. I believe him to
be really quite innocuous at this time; 1 feel cer-
tain thai his voice here, if it ever had any poten-
tiality, has lost it all, and that, were he to talk
here forever in favor of the abolition of slavery,
he would not be able to alter the opinions or
modify the action of a single intelligent human
being, either in this body or out of it. I shall
offer no motion for expulsion, and' 1 feel half m
ducd even to take back my former threat of hang-
ing him. Yes, j ir, I v/iil take it buck ; and 1 do
accordingly declare that I have not the least idea
of ever hanging the honoiable gentleman, how-
ever offmsne his conduct in future may he. I
hope that this formal declaration may be effectual
to dispel all apprehensions heretofore entertained
on that point.
*Mr. IiALE. 1 desire to say to the Senator
who threatens me with the resolution of expul-
sion 
Mr. FOOTE. Oh no, I have expressly said I
would not do it. " De minimis non curat lex."
Mr. HALE. That means, I suppose, the law
does not care for small fish. (-Laughter.} I have
but a word to say. The Senator thinks the
speech X made this morning to have been the re-
sult of some castigution I have received from
newspapers. On the same principle, then, it is
very probable that the speeches we get from him
are to be attributed to the castigations he has re-
ceived from the same sources. If so, I appeal to
all the newspaper and letter writers in the country,
in the name of the Senate, and of humanity itself,
not to castigate the Senator from Mississippi any
more, for in doing so they punish the Senate and
the world.
Mr. FOOTE.. I shall make but a short reply
to the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
Whether the Senate is or is not punished by me
in the way suggested, it is at least certain that I
do endeavor to inflict more or less of punishment
upon certain offenders in this body, in behalf of
whom it is not at all surprising that the gentleman
from New Hampshire should feel a special sym-
pathy. I am willing that the Senate and the
country shall determine whether the honorable
gentleman or myself is most censurable upon the
very delicate point leferred to. As to my being
instigated to address this body so frequently in the
manner alluded to, I am glad to have it in my
power to assure the honorable gentleman that the
nevvsp.ipersof my vicinage, and indeed those of that
whole section of the Union whence I come, seem
not at all hostile to me. If I am censured by them
at all, I am not myself aware of it; and, so far as
I am informed on the subject, my public course
stands approved, with very slight exceptions, in-
deed, throughout the southern portion of the Con-
federacy. I do not very well know what is said
of me elsewhere, nor do I very much care. It is
certain that I have at no time complained of edito-
rial denunciations, and even the Icttcr-writins: tribe
have seldom irritated my sensibilities. If I speak
oftener than there is need of my doing, it is per-
haps more or less attributable to the eacoethes lo-
quendi. For the comfort of the honorable Senator
and his allies here, I could almost wish that t
could become dumb; I cannot doubt that they
would greatly rejoicc at being relieved from that
dread of punishment which sits now heavily upon
their sensibilities. When causes of offence be-
come less numerous, 1 hope to be spared the ne-
cessity of speaking so often. When this happy
state of things shall be brought about I cannot
evrti di vine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the reception of the petition.
Mr. CI f ASK. I call for the orders of the day.
Mr. CADGER. 1 move to lay the question of
reception on the table.
Skneral Senators. Oh no! let ns take the
vote on the dheet question of reception.
Mr. DAVIS, of .Mississippi. 1 rise merely to
make a few icmarks upon the right of petition,
and to notice the error which I think has pervaded
the comparisons which hove been instituted be-
tween certain resolutions which were presented by
the Senator from North Carolina and the petition
which it is now proposed .shall be received. The
resolutions which were presented from Noith Car-
olina weic published in yesterday's paper, and,
after reading them, I think they refer to a ytate of
case which the people of Nonh Caiolma might
properly picsent as their guevance. They were
resolutions for preserving the Union—calling upon
Congress to take all measures in its power for that
purpose. 'This was all legitimate. They had a
right to petition Congress for a redress of griev-
ances ; and, if it were m our power to redress those
grievances, if it were within the legitimate func-
tions of our legislation, we were bound to receive
the petition and respectfully consider it. This case
is exactly the reverse. Here is no guevance,. un-
less the Union is a guevance to those who petition.
And they call upon Congress to do that which
every one mast admit Congress has no power to do
—to di^sotoe peaceably the Union of the States.
Then, sir, in the first place, there is no grievance;
in the next placc, there is no power; and, beyond all
that, it is offensive to the Senate. Jt is offensive to
recommend legislation for the dissolution of the
Union—-offensive to the Senate and to the whole
country. If this Union is ever to be dissolved, it
must be by the action of the States and the people.
Whatever power Congress holds it holds under
the Constitution, and that power is but a part of
the Union. Congress has no power to legislate
upon that which will be the destruction of the
whole foundation upon which their authority
rests, I recollect^ good many years ago that the
Senator from Massachusetts who addressed the
Senate this morning very pointedly described the
right of petition as a very humble right—as the
mere right to beg. This is my own view. The
right peaceably to assemble I hold as the right
which it was intended to grant to the people; that
was the only right which had ever been denied in
our colonial condition. The right of petition had
never been denied by Parliament. It was intended
only to secure to the people, I say, the right peace-
ably to assemble, whenever they choose to do so,
with intent to petition for a redress of grievances.
But, sir, the right of petition, though but n
poor right—the mere right to beg—may yet be
carried to such an extent that we are bound to
abate it as a nuisance. If the avenues to the Cap-
itol were to be obstructed so that members would
find themselves unable to reach the halls of legis-
lation because hordes of beggars presented them-
selves m the way calling for relief, it would be a
nuisance that would require to be abated, and
Congress in self-defence would be compelled to
remove them. But such a collection of beggars
would not be half so great an evil as the petitions
presented here on the subject of slavery. They
disturb the peace of the country; they impede and
pervert legislation by the excitement they create;,
do more to prevent rational investigation and
proper action in this body thanany if not all other
causes. Good, if ever designed, has never re-
sulted, and it would be difficult to suppose that
good is expected ever to flow from them. Why7
then, should we be bound to receive such petitions
to the detriment of the public business^ or rather
why are they presented ? I am not of those who
believe we should be turned from the path of duty
by out-of-door clamor, or that the evil can be re-
moved by partial concession. To receive is to
give cause for further demands, and our direct and
safe course is rejection.
Yes, sir, their reception would s^fve only to em-
barrass Congress, to disturb the tranquillity of the
country, and to peril the union of the States. By
every obligation, therefore, that rests upon u 
under the Constitution, upon every great principle
upon which the Constitution is founded, we are
bound to abate this as a great and growing evil.
This petition, sir, was well described by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania as being spurious, and I
have been assured of the fact from other sources
of information that petitions are sent round in--
reference to other subjects—of temperance gener-
ally—and after a long list of names have been
obtained, the caption is cutoff and the list of signa-
tures attached to an abolition caption and sent
heie to excite one section of the Union against the
other, to disturb the country and distract the legis-
lation of Congress, to execute which we have our
seats in this Chamber. For the reasona first stated
I voted to receive the resolutions that were pre-
sented by the Senator from North Carolina, and
for the reasons I have just given shall vote to re-
ject this petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the reception of the petition, and upon that
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the motion. I will read it. I move that,
after the word "receive," the following be insert-
ed : "And that the petition be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
report, withoutunreasonable delay, that the Senate
has neither the power nor the disposition to enter-
tain the question."
The VICE PRESIDENT. I beg leave to stats
to the Senator that that is a distinct motion ; and
after the reception of the petition it will be in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I will then ask leave of the
Senate to &tate simply the ground upon which I
shall vote for receiving this petition. I do not
suppose that it will be in rny power to enlighten
any member of this house upon this long debated
and much vexed question of the right of petition ;
but I wish to have my vote go before my con-
stituents accompanied by the reasons upon which
that vote is founded.
I have considered carefully the course which
was taken by a distinguished and lamented states-
man 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the honorable Senator
