1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HAMLfN. I will state, in very few
words, yhy I have asked the consideration of the
resolution at this time, and why I think it should
receive the favorable action of the Senate. The
Senate have already ordered that the documents
accompanying the President's message should be
bound in two volumes. The second part is now
ready for birftling; I hold it in my hand. It em-
braces more than one thousand three hundred
pages; it is accompanied by numerous maps, and
when bound will be so iarge a volume, and so
cumbersome, as to be very inconvenient for use.
I find accompanying the report from the General
Land Office a large number of maps, which will
also render the whole very bad to be bound up in
one volume. If separated, we shall have the Land
Office report in one volume, and the report from
the Department of the Interior in the other; the
one containing eight hundred and seventy pages,
and the other nearly one thousand. The reason
why 1 have offered this resolution is that the work-
men who do the binding are entirely out of em-
ployment; and the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Smith] had not then come into his
place, or I should have consulted him, as I doubted
not that he would concur with me, and I should
have offered a repbrtfrom the Committee on Print-
ing, but I supposed that there would be no ob-
jection to the adoption of the resolution after this
statement of the reasons for its passage.
The resolution was adopted.
MILITARY ESCORT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN offeied the following reso-
lution, and asked its immediate consideration:
llesohed, That the Committee on Military Afi^urs he in-
stiucled to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for military escorts to accompany (lie companies of overland
enilgiants from Fort Smith, Arkansas, or other points upon
the western frontier to California, by any of the routes
usually pursued.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the Sena-
tor from Arkansas will esplain the purpose of his
resolution of inquiry. A law is not necessary to
authorize escorts to be sent out with emigrants.
Escorts are sent out in the discharge of the duties
imposed upon frontier stations, not only to protect
the frontier, but frequently to visit the Indian
tribes. Very large escorts have been sent annually
with caravans of traders to Santa Fe. No law is
necessary to give authority to do this. If the
Senator from Arkansas desires that the committee
should inquire into the propriety of a law which
shall create a necessary force, I hardly think his
resolution is directed to his object.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The introduction of this !
resolution arises from the fact that the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] yesterday morning intro- |
duced a similar resolution, providing for protec- j
tion to overland emigrants to Oregon. I did not
at the time understand the purport of the resolu-
tion, or I should have proposed to extend it so as
to provide for the security of all the emigrants by
the overland routes. To obviate the difficulty, I
have introduced this resolution of the same purport,
but more extensive, embracing all the different
routes by which the emigration from different
parts of the United States finds its way to the
Pacific ocean.
The Senator from Mississippi is possibly right
in saying that there is no law necessary, and that j
it is merely an executive function of the War De-
partment. I am not well informed upon that point,
but if a law is unnecessary, the committee, after
examining into the matter, can report that it is so;
if, on the contrary, further legislation is necessary,
they will see how to obviate the difficulties which
now exist in point of fact. I know that escorts
have been furnished heretofore by an order from
the War Department, but it is very frequently the
case that large companies go out without that pro-
tection. The Committee on Military Affairs will,
at all events, be able to ascertain whether further
legislation is needed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My intention
was not to object to the resolution of inquiry, if it ;l
answers the object which the Senator from Ar-
kansas desires. It was rather in kindness, to
point out to him that it did not probably open to
the committee the investigation of the subject
which he desiied. If he thinks otherwise, I have
no objection to the reference of the resolution, but
he must perceive that the rfsilution, as it stands,
will give the committea no power to inquire into
the propriety of raising a force, in order that these
escorts may be furnished. That was my object.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Availing myself of the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, I deem it proper to say that the
terms of the resolution may not embrace the ob-
ject I have in view, and may require amendment.
I will therefore waive its immediate consideration
now, and move that it be laid upon the table, to be
called up at some future day for action. The
resolution was laid on the table.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the petition of
Peter Holcer, alias Holsen, William Rinden,
Leonard Cameron, James Tucker, and others,
! praying for the confirmation of certain land claims
I m the State of Missouri, arising out of the conces-
| sions, grants, and settlement-rights from the Gov-
: ernment of Spain, or in lieu thereof other relief in
j the premises, submitted a report in writing, which
| was ordered to be printed, adverse to the prayer
j of the petitioners.
| Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
! to which was referred the petition of the adminis-
! trators of Colonel John Anderson, for compensa-
j tion for property destroyed by the British and
j Indians during the war with England, submitted a
i report in writing, which was ordered to be printed,
adverse to the prayer of the petitioners.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pu.blic Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot providing for a
recorder of land titles in California, to collect and preserve
the private claims, and the evidence in support of the same.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Indiana to aid m the construction of a rail-
road from a point on the boundary line between
Indianaand Illinois, near its intersection with Lake
Michigan, to the city of Indianapolis, and abranch
to intersect the Southern Michigan railroad at or
near a point where the same enters said State of
Indiana; which was read a first and second time
by its Utle, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some early day thereafter, ask leave
to introduce a bill to limit the term of office of the
three Assistant Postmasters General.
THE CLAIM OF THEODORE OFFUT,
Mr. UNDERWOOD, if there is nothing be-
fore the Senate, 1 would ask the consideration of
the bill (No. 6) to pay Theodore Offut for his
horse, and for which he has been for ten years try-
ing to get paid.
The bill was taken up, as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There can be no doubt
about the justice of this claim, unless it be this:
The Government say that they have paid $80 to
the officer who turned over the mare to their
agents, and that they are willing to pay the ten
remaining dollars—$90 being the amount claimed
by Offut. Offut swears that he gave no authority
to the officer to receive the $80; and upon investi-
gation, no proof is shown that he ever did give
such authority; and the committee, therefore, have
thought it proper to allow the claim.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask, if this officer
had no right to receive the money, why an action
for money had and received could not be brought
against him ?
Mr, UNDERWOOD. I suppose that it could,
but it would cost three times the value of the mare
to hunt up the officer and bring the suit; and even
if he was found, perhaps he might be insolvent.
Besides, the Government have the same right to
recover. Offut swears that he gave him no au-
thority to receive the money ; that he was sepa-
rated from his horse by the command of his officer,
the animal being sent on one vessel and he on an-
other ; and that he never recovered his horse after
his arrival in Florida. Separated in this way, this
officer got possession of the horse, and turned him
over to the Government, and drew $80 for him.
The Government offer to pay now $10, being, with
the $80, the value of the na^ ; but Mr. Offut
swears he never received the $80, and gave no au-
thority for its receipt; and declares that if the
Government will not pay him the full value of the
nag, he will not receive anything.
Mr. WALKER. Has there been any effort
made on the part of the committee to get the testi-
mony of Ihe officer who is alleged to have received
the money ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. None by the committee,
so far as I am awarft. The committee, so far as i
know, do not know where the officer is, or whether
he be dead or alive.
Mr. ATCHINSON. It seems to me, though I
do not pretend to be very familiar with the law on
the subject, that the officer would not be entitled
to draw pay under such circumstances without a
power of attorney, or some authority ; and if there
be such authority, I suppose it would be found in
the proper office here. Have the committee ex-
amined that point?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The money was paid
by the quartermaster in Florida, who received the
horse of the officer. The money was paid here,
and the committee has not made any examination
as to the existence of a power of attorney here,
for the money was not paid here. When I applud
to the department in behalf of Mr. Offut, Mr.
Hdgnersaid that he would pay $10 and no more.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would make another in-
quiry, either of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs or of the Senator from Kentucky.
Is there any power authorizing quartermasters,
under such circumstances, to pay money to the
captain, or any commissioned officer of a company,
for the use and benefit of the soldiers under their
command ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose the quarter-
masters are authorized to buy horses for the use
of the service, though I have not-examined the law
particularly. But this horse was received into the
service of the Government, and £80 was paid for
him, without the authority of the owner, who waa
separated from him at the command of his officer.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I think that the point
and substance of the whole case is, that it is a
transaction between Mr. Offut and the officcr, and
between them alone. I do not see even a negative
on his part against the United States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD- I dislike to take up any
time, sir; but a further explanation seems to be
necessary. This man was a Kentuckian; he went
to Missouri, and there entered the service of the
United States as a mounted man, furnishinghisov n
horse. His compnny was ordered to New Oi-
lcans, and at that place he was separated from h s
horse—the company to which he belonged being
sent on board one vessel and their horses on boai d.
of another—and from that moment he was never
united to his horse. Thus he delivered his horse
into the care of the Government; it was received by
an officer whose name I do not remember, who,
without theauthority ofMr. Offut,turned him over
to the quartermaster in Florida, and received $80
for him. Offut swears that all this was done with-
out his authority, and that he was separated from
his horse without any authority, so far as he knew,
except the command of his officer. Under these
circumstances, he asks to be paid in some way for
his property, as he cannot hunt up this officer,
not knowing where he resides since his return to
Missouri, and that it would cost more than the
nag was worth to do so. These are the facts upon
which he has for ten years been asking for pay for
his horse.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I apprehend, sir, if a
stranger to that company had stolen the horse and
sold htm to the quartermaster, the soldier would
have no claim on the Government. His claim
would be upon the person who stole the horse. I
intend no invidious comparison, but if this officer
sold the horse without authority, the soldier's
remedy is against the officer. I think the case is
very clear, and i must vote against the claim.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 hope the bill may be
permitted to be engrossed, and on its third reading
I will call for the reading of the report, if it is con-
sidered a matter of so much consequence.
Several Senators. Dispose of it now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well, let it be dis-
posed of now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Being called on
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison1,]
1 will answer no more than the inquiry put to me
