1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
allow me to make a suggestion that this subject be
passed over informally until to-morrow, in order
thai we may proceed to the cgpsideration of the
special order of the day.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 shall be through in one mo-
ment; indeed I should have concluded all that I
have to say by this time.
I have considered—I was going on to say—the
course taken by a distinguished and lamented
statesman in the other House upon the occasion
of the presentation of petitions of a character sim-
ilar to that of the petition which is now presented
—I mean the late John Q,uincy Adams—and I am
satisfied, as he was, that the petition ought to be
received by way of vindicating the right of peti-
tion. I have no more sympathy than he had with
* the object of a petition which prays for a dissolu-
tion of this Union. I have no fear of a dissolu-
tion of the Union. I believe that it was not made
by madmen, nor can madmen destroy it; and I
believe none but madmen would petition for its
dissolution; and my rule always is, in regard to
madmen, never to have any controversy with
them.
Mr. FOOTE. I will offer a single remark. I
lament that the honorable Sena'nr from New
Hampshire, in addition to all the animadversions
to which he has been subjected this morning,
should have been fated to receive so severe a re-
buke as that just administered to him by the hon-
orable Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] .
between whom and himself such tender ties of [
affiliation and kindness have heretofore subsisted.
The honorable Senator from New York solemnly
declares that he regards all such petitioners as
those represented on this occasion by the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire as madmen.
So that, after all, the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire is to be recognized as the organ,
upon this floor, of madmen, fur purposes of mis-
chief! J1 severer reprimand, coming from, such a
quarter, could not well be imagined.
Mr. MANGUM. We have devoted the entire
morning—the time usually allotted to business of
this description—-to the consideration of this ma-1
ter, and it is not yet ended, nor is it likely soon to
be ended; and it is really a matter that is utterly
contemptible in itself. I move, therefore, that the
motion to receive the petition lie upon the table;
and I shall decline to withdraw the motion at the
request of any gentleman.
The question being put—
Mr. MANGUM demanded the yeas and nays.
.They were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the question of reception upon the table,
and, upon a division, it was negatived: Ayes 2,
noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs upon the reception of the petition.
Mr. CHASE. I am unwilling to occupy any
portion of the time of the Senate, and yet I do not
wish to be compelled to vote upon this question
without having an opportunity to express my
views in relation to it. Th« honorable Senator
from Texas is entitled to the floor upon the special
order for this day. We have already exhausted
the time usually devoted to business of this ae-
scrintion: I hope therefore that this subject will be
laid upon the table to be taken up to-morrow, and
that we shall now proceed to the consideration of
the special order. I will move that the benate
now proceed to the consideration of the special
order of the (lay. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That cannot be
done until this question is disposed of.
Mr. MANGUM. I object, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs upon the reception of the petition.
Mr. CHASE. I am unwilling, sir, to give a
vote upon that question at this time, unless I have
an opportunity afforded me to assign the reasons
for that vote, in order that they may go out with
the vote itself. _ . , -
1 am one of those who believe that the right ot
petition belongs to the people, and that 11 is not
within the constitutional power of this body,orof
anv other legislative body, to abridge that right.
I do not think it becomes us to define tbeprw
object to which a petition shall be directed, but
th«, when petitions are presented here from^the
people, we, their representatives, are bound to re-
ceive those petitions, and if we think fit £ dedme
answering their prayer, we are bound to assign
our reasons for the refusal; or else, if it be a case
so plain, so obvious, that no reasons for such re-
fusal are necessary to be assigned, then we should
lay them upon the table without a reference, as we
frequently do. I see no reason why the ordinary
course should be departed from in this case. We
had a set of resolutions presented here the other
day by the Senator from North Carolina, in which
an'ultimate result of the same character with that
contemplated by this petition, was referred to and
indicated as proper to be reached upon a certain
contingency, and those resolutions were received
almost by the unanimous vote of the Senate.
Well, sir, if this petition be of the same char- ,
acter, and its substance directed to the same pur- j
pose, why not receive the petition and dispose of
it. as the resolutions presented by the Senator from (
North Carolina were disposed of, by laying it upon :
the table? Or if it be thought fit to give to this
trie iu.L>it5.r v^i n it n'uwgut. i*</ vw k* • ~ vw v.-—
petition a different direction, why not give it the
direction indicated by the Senator from NewYork?
Why not refer it to a committee which shall ex-
hibit in a report the reasons why the prayer of the
petitioners cannot be granted, why the Senate will
not act upon such a petition ? Mr. President, we
have a precedent for the course which I propose to
follow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to make an appeal to the Senate that this
matter he passed by informally, and that we take
up the special order, so that the Senator from
Texas may be no longer prevented from proceed-
ing with his remarks?
Mr. CHASE. Ceitainly.
j The VICE PRESIDENT, it is moved that
! the further consideration of this question be post-
1 poned until to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I do sincerely hope that it
will not be postponed, anxious as 1 am to accom-
modate the honorable Senator from Texas. If we
postpone this subject until to-morrow, it will prob-
ably occupy the entire day. T at ,,a
with it now we are about it.
by possibility might impair or weaken love and devotion to
the Union in anv part of the country, it is hereby£~
Resolved, That, as the people in Territories hava the same
inherent rights ofself-goverhinent as the people ju the Slates,
if, in the exercise of such inherent rights, the people in the
newly-acquired Territories, by the annexation of Texas apd
the acquisition of California and New Mexico, south of the
parallel of 35 degrees and 30 minutes of north latitude, ex-
tending to the Pacific Ocean, shall establish negro slavery or
prohib) t it, such establishment orprohibition of negro slavery
m the formation of their State governments shall be deemed
no objection to iheir admission as a State or States into the
Union, m accordance with the Constitution of the United
Slates. ^
Mr. HOUSTON addressed the Senate for two
hours in support of his resolution. A levised re-
port of his sprech will be fount* in the Appendix.
Mr. BERRIEN. I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed to Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE.
Mr. FOOTE submitted the following, which he
intends to offer as an amendment to the resolutions
of compromise recently submitted and discussed
by Mr. Clay; and on his motion it was ordered
to be printed:
Whcte'is it heing desirable for the peace, concord, and
hPtusony of the Union of these States, to settle and adjust
amicably all existing questions of controversy between them,
on the subject ot slavery, upon a tair, equitable, just, and
constitutional baric: Therefore, -
1. Resolved, That Concress possesses, under the Const*.
tutiou. full and exclusive power to admit or refuse to admit
new States into (he Union, of its own discretion, which dis-
eieiion, though, ought in no ease to be exercised arbitrarily,
uinustlv, or to the injury of any of the sovereign numbers
ot the Confederacy, or to the injury or di>paiagemenfc of
any ol then it nerved right*.
o (iesdlrc'. That Congruss possesses no power netim-
tivrly to d< fide the sti icily le^il question whether slavery
dor-; or dors not exi>t bv law at the pre^m Uine in the
Territories teceritly aoquiied from thf Republic ot Mexico;
tint full authentic, and reliable information has not \et
reached this bodv touching the question whether ot noi, in
the ab-cuce ot all reductive ot prohibitory legislation on
lJV,       ,, nurtol Congress, «laveiy is likely to by introduced into
Let ii3 ffet through !i Ukwj Tenitorie*; and that therefore it would be both un-
us get inrou^n ,| i« . ^ |tU(. t0 f|iake auy foinia, declaration of
  . • . ..    r .ihnu ni fixniitv rof >i ri n lO.
'i
- . j . ■  ■> , . 11 ^eemiv ami himhmhu: W « ""> ~ ---
with It now we are about It. :! ODmi(Ja at tins tunc- Upon either ol the points refeired lo.
Mr. FOOTE. If honorable Senators will reflect |i Resolo.d That, without attempting to piovide by law
:hTh°; i
tion of the honorable Senator from Illinois. The
remarks of the honorable Senator from Texashave
been deferred from day to day, and it is due to
him that he should have an opportunity to pro-
C6Mr. HOUSTON. I believe, sir, this is the third
time that 1 have been entitled to be heard agree-
ably to the order of the Senate. I have reason for
wishing to address the Senate at this time, which
I do not think it worth while to state. I certainly
should regard it as an act of courtesy on the part
of the Senate if 1 were permitted to go on to-day.
I shall not occupy more tioie to-day than I would
upon another day.
Several Senators. Agreed, agreed.
The further consideration of the subject was ac-
cordingly postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. MANGUM. Before proceeding to.the
consideration of the special order, I will move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF LADIES.
Mr. FOOTE. I have just received a note sta-
tin" that a good many ladies have come to the
Capitol for the purpose of hearing the speech of ;
the honorable Senator from Texas. They were ;
permitted on a former occasion by the courtesy ot
the Senate to be present on the floor of the beriale
Chamber, and I trust the same courtesy will again
be extended to them.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 secoad the motion.
Mr' CLAY. By all means—let them come in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob- ,
iection they will be admitted. The Chair hears j
no objection—the Seigeant-at-Arms will admit the
THE QUESTION OF SLAVERY. |
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of 1
the special order, viz: the resolution submitted by
Mr. Houston' on the 14th ultimo, a3 follows:
Whereas the Congress of the United States, possessing
only a delegated authority, have 110 power ovet the subject
ot ne«ro slavery within the limits of the Lotted Si.it..,
cither to prohibit or interfere with itln the States, rerrltoruj,
or District where, by municipal law, it now.exists, or to es
tabhsli it in any State or Territory where it does not exist,
but, as a*i assurance and guarantee to piomote
quiet apprehension, and remove setional prejudice, which
either roi twe -    --
it*exclusion thercfiom, oppropimte territorial governments
ouirht to he established m them with as little delay as piac-
ticuble; which governments should be so hamrd as to be
exempt, from -ill le-iriction, hnmatnm, or condition, in rei-
v\c.wt> to slavery, and to afford full protection and security
to life, liberty, and property, in conformity with the provis-
ions ot the Constitution of ihe Urated Smtes.
4. Resolved, That, in the judgment of the Senate, Califor-
nia i* not. nt the present time, absolutely entitled to admis-
sion into the Union as a State; that whether she should b«
admitted or not a simple question of expediency; that it
would altogether impolitic fo admit her with the bound-
aries specified ui the constitution recently adopted by her
Convention, or with a tentorial surface extending south of
the compromise line of 36 deg. 30min.; that it would he uy-
wise to crant such admission, if it should be hereafter ma Je
to appear that her present civil organization has been brought
about by unfair, unconstitutional, or coercive action on the
run of the Federal Government, or any ot its functionaries;
and that, all otiacr impediments being removed, such admis-
sion should, under existing circumstances, only Ue allowed
to take place under a clear and distinct understanding and
agreement that a new State nmy be hereafter (ormed within
the present territorial limits of the State ot lexas, in ac-
coidaiiue with the articles of Texan annexation, and be
admitted into the Union at as early a period as practxea-
Resolved* That the western boundary of Texas is already
« fixed upon the Rio del Norte ;  and that the title ot 1 etas
to all the tf-riitory within her boundaries, as the same were
formerly specifi- 3 in the act of the Congress of the Republic
of Texas of 1836. entitled " An act to define the boun.la.ies
of the Republic of Texas," is so clear and unquestionable
that it cannot now be formally violated, or even seriously,
drawn mio dispute bytins Government, without a venous
violation of the puwiples of good initli.
6. Ranked, thouah, That it be proposed to the S Klof
Texas that she shall, in coiu-ideiation of — Bullions<*
; do'larr-', cede to the (Jolted State* all that portion of her said
1 lermoiy which li's north of the 34th aegree
' tude les-ervmepermanently within the hidiU of thetermo
, rvin b  ceded the pnneiple of the compromise embodied in
: lil; ST'^Se'^ney so to he paid to Texas is to
. bJu'rf and d, pJsed of-by £>r at .f' dlSX'Si
be, i.2 repauled a-11 her domes-
tic1 cot^erns^s^onnaliy^o^assume^the
lpfesentnt™°e'.s tl?e United States either legally or morally
^he'Zmniius consent of all the slaveholding
S "^'inexpedient to legislate at present
• -S the prohibition of the>rade m slaves in the Dis-
in that it is a matter which may be well
lett to be regulated by Uie municipal authorities of said
Di?nri'R'aainei Tliat more effectual piovision ought to be
made by law, according to the requirement of the (.onsutu-
