1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
These Mormons (and he disclaimed any inten-
tion to give offence to any gentleman from Illinois
or Missouri) had been driven from their residence
and their property in the States in which they had
settled themselves, had been assailed even to the
shedding of blood, and had departed to seek a
settlement on the borders of the Great Salt Lake.
They sought a refuge in the wilderness, in some
remote and tranquil valley, where they might be
permitted to live out the residue of their days.
lr^ the lapse of time, and in the progress of
events, the eye of the United States was fixed on
this portion of the Mexican territory. War en-
sued. These people, who,had settled on this spot,
were notified of the condition of things, and were
required to take part with us in the prosecution of
this war. They obeyed the call, engaged in the
service of the United States, endured hardships,
fought the battles of our country, and won a right
to occupy the region where they have since re-
sided. They have come here, year after year, for
a long period, asking Congress for relief and pro-
tection; but they have come without success.
And now that they have again presented them-
selves with a request that this House will admit
their Delegate, in order that they may have an
opportunity of being heard in the American Con-
gress, he desired to know if they were to be re-
garded as having made an unreasonable request.
Could they have asked less? He wished to im-
press on the House the great impropriety and hard-
ship of refusing their request.
He would request the House, before it deter-
<~rciined to turn a deaf ear to this request, ®r before
it decided against it, to reflect on the history of
these people, and to call to memory all the troubles
and perils through which they had passed. They
had been not only compelled to seek the protection
of the Government of the United States, but had
been actually driven beyond the limits of the civil-
ized world, and forced to take up their residence in
this distant region of country, where they were
disposed to remain, to lead a peaceable life, and to
deport themselves as good citizens. They had
fixed their residence on the borders of the Great
Salt Lake, where they intend to occupy themselves
in the cultivation of the soil. These people had
an indisputable right to have their interests repre-
sented on this floor by a Delegate. The necessity
for self-protection compelled them to form a gov-
ernment under which they have hitherto lived, and
one of the acts of this government has been the
sending of this Delegate.
He adverted to the' distracted condition of our
country, and the effect which it had produced in
delaying all legislation for the Territories, it was
owing to the vexed questions which had, for some
time, convulsed the Union from one extremity to
the other, that nothing had been yet done in the
organization of territorial governments. The coun-
try which surrounded the Mormon territory was
infested with trilies of savages, who were always
on the alert for the purpose of intercepting, plun-
dering and murdering emigrants on their way to
California. Had it not been for the protection
which these people have bsfn enabled, from their
position and their friendly feeling, to give to these
emigrants, great numbers must have" fallen into
the hands of these savages, and many more would
probably have perished under the tomahawk, on
their way to California.
He had no intention to go into an argument on
the subject of slavery. He sincerely deplored its
introduction into the debate. He would have re-
joiced could it have been altogether kept from
mingling with this question; and he sincerely
hoped that in the decision of this House, this topic
would have no influence. He desired to say a
single word to the gentleman from North Carolina
He denied the right of the South to carry slavery
into the Territories. He would make a single re-
mark in answer to the oft-repeated charge, that
the Worth were not willing to permit the South to
enjoy equal rights with them in the Territories acquired
from Mexico; that the North had been guilty of aggres-
sion, Sfc. The North, deny no rights to' the South
which they claim for themselves; and the charge can-
not be sustained !
Mr. VENABLE asked the gentleman from Ohio,
if the Territories belonged to the North, or to the
South, or to both ?
Mr. SWEETSER said, he would notat this time
enter into an argument upon that question. He in-
tended to answer thechargemade by thegentleman.
The North, without distinction of party, held
that the Territories were now free; that slavery is a
local institution, and exists by virtue of local law,
and cannot lawfully exist where it is not expressly
authorized by law; and he did not believe it could
go into the Territories without authority of law.
That license, the people of the North did not in-
tend to give; and there was no use in denouncing
"anybody upon that subject.
Mr. VENABLE. E)id I understand the gentle-
man to say, that no one wishes to exclude slavery
from the Territories?
Mr. SWEETSER said, that inasmuch as it re-
quired the sanction of law to take slavery into the
Territories, he intended to say, that the people he
represented agreed with the entire North, that
slavery shall not be extended into free territory
with their consent. That was their determination,
and they would maintain it at all hazards, come
weal, or come woe.
Mr. VENABLE inquired why the North should
complain that the South was attempting to en-
croach upon their rights ?
Mr. SWEETSER replied, that the North made
no such complaint. The complaint of encroach-
ment come from the South. The North had taken
their ground, and would maintain it. They dif-
fered with the South. He would be willing to throw
wide the doors of the judicial tribunals of the
country, and give the South a full and fair oppor-
tunity to assert her rights, if they were trenched
upon; and let them assert them in a manly and
constitutional manner; and the North would abide
the decision. The South are not willing to have
their rights so decided; they threaten revolution.
Mr. MEADE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question ? He says he will
interdict slavery from going into these Territories
" at all hazards." Does the gentleman prefer the
" Wilmot proviso'' to theUnion? Would the gen-
tleman dissolve the Union rather than give up the
Wilmot proviso?
Mr. SWEETSER replied, not at all. No man
had ever heard him utter such a sentiment. He
had never advocated the Wilmot proviso. That
measure had received its importance from southern
opposition to it. Its constitutionality, he did not
doubt. The necessity of its application was made
manifest by the different opinions which existed
between the statesmen of the North and the South.
He did not regard it as a measure of very great
practical importance, in the view which he took
of the question of extending slavery into'the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. MEADE. How does thegentleman from
Ohio propose to interdict th'e extension of slavery
into these Territories?
Mr. SWEETSER replied: The question
— - — .. — 111/ l_j UCOllUll lig
asked, how would he prevent slavery from being
carried into these Territories? Slavery being a
local institution, and the creature of the law where
it exists, cannot travel beyond the jurisdiction
which created it. The Constitution and laws of
the United States nowhere authorize slavery.
They permit it to exist where it is authorized by
local law. There let it remain, and there his con-
stituents and the entire North intended it should
remain. If the South had any confidence in their
assumption, that slavery would lawfully go into
theTerritorieSjIet them send their slaves there, and
they would find men enough who would aid the
slaves to become free. Then the slaveholder could
appeal to the judicial tribunals of the country for
redress, which would bring up the whole question
for judicial determination, and with the decision
the North would cheerfully acquiesce.
The North do not intend to be branded with
the charge of being aggressors. I repeat, if the
South have the constitutional right to extend their
peculiar institution, we will give them every fair
and constitutional right to assert it; we are deter-
mined, however, to confine slavery within its pres-
ent limits, and we shall stand firm upon that con-
clusion. We menace no section of the Union, and
trench upon no known or conceded right; and we
shall never be driven from our position.
He did not intend to use offensive language to
any gentleman, or to any section of the Union.
He had not hitherto taken up the time of the
House m the discussion of the slavery question;
he would defer further remarks upon the subject
to some other occasion.
The Mormons have been persecuted, plundered,
and their blood has been shed, within the United
States; they have fled from persecution, and have
settled themselves on the banks of the Salt Lake,
where they have given effectual protection to em-
igrant parties on their way to California. They
have been for years asking of this House protec-
tion against those who have persecuted them; and
they now come here, asking that the laws of the
United States be extended over them, and the Del-
egate whom they have sent here to represent their
condition and their wishes, may be permitted to
have a seat on the floor of this House. Will the
House grant the request of these people ? That
is the only question for our decision.
But ten minutes now remained of the time al-
lotted to debate.
Mr. McWILLIE (among several competitors)
obtained the floor. He said he had not intended
to trespass upon theHouse during this debate,but
it had gone so far and such positions had been
taken by gentlemen, that he felt called upon to say
a few words.
Article 1, section 2, of the Constitution pro-
vided:
" Tlie House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States, and the electors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous
bianch of the State Legislature."
That was all that the Constitution said as to the
qualification of members for this House. It was
true that, according to the law of 1817—the con-
stitutionality of %vhich he greatly doubted—it was
provided that Representatives or Delegates might
be sent to this House from the Territories. They
were not Representatives in the strict sense of the
term, but they came here as qtiasi members under
that law. But let him ask gentlemen when they
, had gone beyond the Constitution and beyond the
! law, where did they find the authority for admit-
ting Delegates to seats upon this floor? He had
been accustomed to consider this Government a
Government of law; he had thought that that
which distinguished this great American people
was, that their Government was a Government of
laws—not of men. That period had passed by;
and he feared ours was becoming a Government
of men. This seemed to be a Government in the
hands of a sectional, unrestrained, uncontrolled
majority. How could they admit this Delegate
upon this floor according to law? They had no.
right under the sanction of the Constitution or of
law; they had no right; but they proposed to ad-
mit him because it was the will of a majority of
members in this Hall to admit him, by the mere
force of numbers. There was no other reason un-
der Heaven by which they proposed to claim the
right; there was no warrant for it in the Constitu-
tion, there was none in the law. By such action
they would blot out the distinctive feature of this
Government—that of its several branches bemo-
controlled and restrained by the force of Consti°
tutinn and laws.
What would be their situation, suppose they
were to admit this Delegate? Whom would he
represent? Why he (Mr. McW.) should sup-
pose that the peculiar friends of California would
be opposed to his admission. The boundaries of
Deseret, as claimed by that people, included a
very large part of California and thirty thou-
sand square miles of Oregon: this people had laid
out a State embracing several hundred thousand
square miles—a part of which belonged to the
Territory of California, and a part to Oregon. If
the House admitted that Delegate, they admitted
him with the understanding that he was to repre-
sent the people within the boundary which they
prescribed.
After the very extraordinary speech which they
had justheard from thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sweetser,] he hoped they would hear nothing fur-
ther of southern ultraism. He (Mr. McW.) sup-
posedthat possibly he was one of those who might
be called southern ultraists. He was here in defence
of what he believed to be the constitutional rights of
those he represented: he believed that the southern
people, as well as the northern—he believed that a
Mississippian as well as a New Yoiker or a New
Englander, had the right to go into California with
his property—an equal right with any man from the
North or from Botany Bay. You permit every man
(said Mr. McW.) upon the face of the habita-
r S™" unless it be a southern planter, to locate
in California with whatever property he may have.
But gentleman tell us we should not go: I tell gen-
tleman, if it is our right we will have it. What is
