1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
the position of this controversy between the North
and the South ? We, m the South, are known
as ultraists, because we ask you to give us the
Missouri compromise line. Your fathers—per-
haps some of you—in 1820, when it suited your
purposes—when, by the establisment of that line,
you obtained three fourths of Louisiana—estab-
lished that line. When we acquired Texas you
reaffirmed that line. Gentlemen ! can it be that
you who profess such high conscientiousness and
moral sense, have no honor? Can it be, that
you have a set of weights by which you can buy,
and a set by which you sell? Can it be that when
the Missouri compromise line operates to your
benefit, by giving you slave territory, you will es-
tablish and affirm it, and when it may possibly
give to the South some portion of territory which
may, or may not, be slave territory, you will re-
fuse to sustain that line?
Mr. SWEETSER (Mr. W. yielding for expla-
nation) said, that the Missouri compromise line
was applicable only to the territory to which it
was originally applied, and to which it had subse-
quently been extended, and that they did not re-
cognize the right of the Congress of 1818 to bind
succeeding Congresses for all future time.
Mr. McWiLLlE, (resuming.) Circumstances
alter cases. The North took three fourths of Lou-
isiana, and the Missouri compromise line did very
well; now, when the South by that line might get
a third of California, (being by equity, I avow my
conviction, entitled to enter the whole of it with the
North,) we are called ultraists, disunionists, be-
cause we insist upon the recognition of that line.
Gentlemen, why do you refuse it? Are we not
your equals in political rights ? Are we not your
equals in every point of view under heaven? If
we cannot agree to enter the territory together as
citizens of one great Republic, upon the principles
of fraternity, equality, and right, why not divide
it? 1 can see no good reason tor your course.
The hammer here fell, indicating the arrival of
the hour (of one) when the debate was ordered to
be closed.
Mr. STRONG (the hour appointed for termi-
minating the debate having arrived) proceeded to
make some closing remarks. He regretted the
wide range that the debate had taken, because it
was impossible that a question presented to that
House for its decision—and especially when an
appeal was made to them for the exercise of a
sound discretion in the absence of precedent, by
whic.h to be governed—could be discussed and de-
cided as it ought to be, unless the attention of the
committee were confined to the subject-matter be-
fore them. During the debate of this morning,
and of yesterday, they had had the subject of sla-
very, and of slavery restriction, discussed; al-
though there was not a gentleman in that House
who, for a moment, supposed that it had any beat-
ing upon the decision of this question. He would
throw aside all extraneous questions, therefore,
.and ask the attention of the committee, for a few
moments, to some considerations which he thought
had an immediate bearing upon the decision to
which they were about to come. He did not pro-
pose to travel over the entire ground that had been
already gone over, either by himself or others, in
the discussion of this subject. He would not dis-
cuss the question as to how far the admission of
this Delegate would conflict with law; he had ex-
pressed his opinions at length upon that point; he
was willing that the question of admission should
rest upon the discretion of the House, and upon
that alone. It was for the committee, then, in the
exercise of an honest discretion, in the exercise
of a solemn, a judicial discretion to determine
whether to admit Mr. Babbit to a seat, or not.
But before proceeding to a consideration of that
question,-he desired to call the attention of the
committee to what was demanded, to what was
sought to be obtained, under the application here
made. They were asked to admit this gentleman
as a Delegate. Now, the word delegate was one
which admitted of a comprehensive construction
under our laws; and it was well known that no
" Delegate," m the legal signification of the term,
had ever been admitted, except he had been re-
ceived as such from some political organization
created or recognized by Congress, or established
in accordance with a law passed by Congress.
The rights of a Delegate were well known, for
they were regulated by the act of 1817.
It was asked that Mr. Babbit should be admit-
ted ro a seat in that House as a Delegate. The
word delegate, then, must be construed as being
used in the sense in which it had been used in all
previous legislation. And when it was said that
the question of admission resolved rtself into an
appeal to the discretion of the House, he would
remind gentlemen that it was necessary that that
discretion should be exercised with a view to
past action of Congress m similar cases, and
be regulated by such action. And he affirmed
that no such discretion had ever been exercised,
and no Delegates admitted except there had been
a previous organization, or authority had been
previously given by law. Neither of which re-
quisites appeared to have been complied with in
this instance. In an appeal to the discretion of
the House, they were not at liberty to exercise an
unbridled discretion; they were not at liberty to
depart from the course of practice that had been
adopted in the exercise of a similar discretion in
other cases. There had been, heretofore, as had
been remarked in the course of the debate, sixteen
instances in which Delegates had been admitted,
and in all those cases the House had insisted that
there should be a political organization and authori-
ty of law for the election of a Delegate, before one
should be admitted to a seat in that House. But
it was said that if Mr. Babbit were admitted he
would not possess the rights of a Delegate, because
there had been no political organization, and no
law authorizing his election. That was true
enough; but would not his admission virtually
place him upon the game footing as other Dele-
gates who had been admitted after all the requi-
sites of the law had been fulfilled ? In all prob-
ability a subsequent provision would be made en-
titling him to those privileges; at all events it was
a bad example, an example which could not fail
to lead to injurious results hereafter.
It was conceded on all hands, that to admit Mr.
Babbit to a seat would not confer upon him the
right to participate in debate, because it was at the
same time admitted, that there was no political or-
ganization in Deseiet known to our laws, and
therefore, to admit him to a seat would be but to
introduce him as a Delegate, not from a political or-
ganization, but from a people. What was meant
by a people? It must be either a people associated
in a political organization, or a people included
within certain geographical limits. Passing by the
question, then, whether there was a political or-
ganization or not, what was the geographical extent
of Deseret? The convention which had recently
assembled there for the purpose of forming a con-
stitution, had fixed limits and boundaries for the
State of Deseret, and in that sense they might be
said to have constituted themselves a people; but
111 fixing their boundary they had included a large
portion of what was claimed by California to be a
part of her territory. Here, then, was a conflict of
boundary, and there was a Delegate coming to this
House as the Representative of about one third of
the territory claimed as being embraced within the
limits of Upper California. But again, there was a
political organization constituted by law of Con-
giess for the Territory of Oregon, and the boundary
claimed for this State of Deseret cut oft' a large
portion of that Territory; and these were the peo-
ple who were claiming to be represented by this
Delegate. They were represented already by the
Delegate from Oregon; was that House going to
permit them to be represented again ? The bound-
ary of Deseret he repeated, looking at it as a
State, was m conflict with that of California and
with that of Oregon. If Mr. Babbit, then, claimed
to represent "a people" withm the geographical
limits which they had prescribed for themselves,
he would represent a part of Oregon and a part ol
California.
But did he, in fact, represent the people of Des-
eret? The honorable gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bissell,] in bis very able and ingenious ar-
gument this morning, had said that Mr. Babbit
represented the people of Deseret How so? Was
he elected by them ? Not at all. He was elected
by the Legislature that was formed and constituted
by a conventiion of the people living east of the
Great Salt Lake, which Legislature consisted of
thirty members in one House and thirteen in the
other. It was, then, because he was elected by a
set of men who were themselves elected under the
constitution of Deseret, that lie was said to have
been elected by the people of Deseret. That was
the argument.
The gentleman from Illinois had asserted that it
was necessary that this Delegate should be admit-
ted, in order that he' might furnish to this House
information upon subjects upon which they were
about to be called upon to legislate in reference to
that Territory. Would not the same argument ap-
ply in regard to the admission of a Delegate from
Canada ? Congress was about to lake some action
on the subject of reciprocal trade with Canada.
Were they not in want of information ? But would
the gentleman admit to a seat in that body a Del-
egate sent by the Parliament of Canada? Yet
there was the same reason why he should be ad-
mitted. If they were about to take action concern-
ing Cuba, would they require a Delegate from
Cuba to give them information?
Mr. BISSELL remarked, thatthesame reason
did not, of course, apply to terri'ory that was be-
yond the jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. STRONG replied, that the argument in
favor of the admission of Mr. Babbit was, that
he could give them information in regard to subjects
upon which they were about to legislate, affecting
the interests of those who sent him here. Sup-
pose (said Mr. S.) that we were about to pass a
law concerning our trade with Cuba, that would
affect the interests of the Cubans, or that would
affect the interests of American citizens residing
there, would not the argument for the admission of
a Delegate to furnish us information, apply as well
in that case as m the present? Would not, in fact,
the same argument apply to the admission of a
Delegate from Canada, or Cuba, or Ireland, or
Prance ?
What was there in the case of Deseret, which
required a departure from the ordinary practice of
this Government? When a territorial government
was established in Oregon, was not information
required in regard to the condition of things
there, as much as it was in regard to the condition
of things in Deseret? And yet, no Delegate from
Oregon was admitted on the floor of that House
until after a territorial government had been estab-
lished. Was any Delegate admitted from Louisi-
ana or Florida before the establishment of territo-
rial governments there ? The pa3t experience of
this Government showed that there was no neces-
sity for any such thing. Where a territorial gov-
ernment was already established, the case was
different. In that case it became necessary for
Congress to make provision by law for the erec-
tion of their public buildings, and for the payment
of the officers of their territorial government. In
such case information was needed; but not so,
where no territorial government had been estab-
lished.
He admitted the force of the argument of the
| gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetses] in favor of
giving to these people a territorial government, but
not as to the propriety of admitting a Delegate.
The argument arising from a long line of unbroken
precedents should not be disregarded.
Mr. SWEETSER remarked, that this was the
first case in which application had been made for
the admission of a Delegate prior to the establish-
ment of a territorial government by Congress.
Oregon had never made the application, nor had
any°other territory, except New Mexico and Des-
eret; the gentleman's precedents therefore were
j inapplicable.
! Mr. STRONG. I only say that I agree with
j the gentleman, that there is every reason for our
j giving a territorial government to the people ot
| Deseret, just as there was in the case of Oregon,
I but that there is no reason whatever for admitting
! a Delegate; for in the case of Oregon no Delegate
!\ was admitted. The gentleman says the point was
not made. I admit it. This is ihc first time, or
!j rather, this is the first Congress in which an at-
I; tempt has been made to depart from the old usagfs
[] of the Government in this respect. This is en-
i| tirely a new principle that is attempted to be in-
II troduced, and one which, in my opinion, may give
11 rise to monstrous abuses. What is there to prc-
i i vent another portion of the people of Deseret from
| j sending a Delegate here ? You are giving encour-
! I agement to this practice. You are saying to the
! people in all the unorganized territories, Elect your
j Delegate and send him here, and we will admit
!i him. Where is the necessity for it? Is there
jlany? Certainly not. I maintain, then, sir, that
ii in the exercise of the discretion which is vested in
11 this House, we ought to be guided by tha past
i prastias of this Government.
