328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
This is ver^ natural; it is always the ease where a
public officer's path is not pointed and marked out
by law.
' By law, Mr. Chairman, let every man be gov-
erned. But to conform to law, as it now is, and
properly collect the revenue in California and Ore-
gon, is what cannoi be done—ought not to be ex-
pected. And in whatever light you view the mat-
ter, it only tends to satisfy me that the best interest
of the Government in collecting the revenue, im-
periously calls for special legislation to meet the
demands of the Pacific coast. In view of these
things, sir, I hope Oregon arid California will be
excluded from the operation of the resolution un-
der consideration, and that Congress will, at some
early day, after being pat in possession 5of the
facts, proceed to enact a law that shall bind up the
revenue officers on the Pacific within 4fre compass
of a well-defined duty, and at the same time be
such as shall safely and vigilantly secure to the
Government of the United States the largest amount
of revenue. If the sum proposed by the resolu-
tion for the collection of the revenue on this side of
the'continent be too large, cut it down. I am in
favor of retrenchment; but a retrenchment which,
while it saves in one direction, doe3 not lose a
larger sum in another. 1 repeat, sir, that I hope
the committee will duly consider this matter, and
act with an eye to the proper collection of the rev-
enue on the Pacific side of the Union.
The amendment was not pressed to a vote.
Mr. BAYLY moved an amendment, by striking
out of the first section the words, "exclusive of
storage, cartage, drayage. and labor in that year."
Mr. B. briefly explained the effect of the amend-
ment.
The question was taken by tellers—Messrs.
Ogle and Stanton of Tennessee, who reported—
ayes 74, noes 84.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILLER moved that the committee rise.
Rejected; ayes 65, noes 82.
The question, recurring on the amendment of
Mr. King, of New Jersey, was taken and decided
in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that there was a pend-
ing question—being upon agreeing to the substi-
tute of the Committee of Ways and Means (as
amended) for the original joint resolution.
Mr. GREEN moved an amendment, to add the
following as a preamble:
Whereas, the aci of Coiiirre^s entitled "an act requiring
all moneys received foi customs and from oilier souices to
be paid immediately into thuTrea?m\ without abatement
or reduction, and for other purposes," approved Match 3J,
A. D. 1819, required the gross amount of all the revenue re-
ceived for the use of the United States, to be paid into the
Treasury from and after the 3Uth Jim'.-, A D 1£49.
And wheieas, l>y the Constitution of the United States it
is provided, that" no money shall be diawn fiom the Treas-
ury, hut in consequence of appropriation made by law.55 in
compliance with which, the act aforesaid by the 4th section
thereof, appropriated an indefinite amount to pay the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue, from the time the said act
took effect, and commenced it- opeiation, hut with the ex-
press limitation and provision "that the exp°nses,of collect-
ing the revenue from customs, should not thereafter e.\ceed
the sum of $1,560,0.10 per annum ; together with such sums
as under the law, are paid info the Treasury for dray-age,
cartage, labor and storage; oiul in proportion for a less time.
And, whereas, the Secretary of the Treasury, within the
first half of the fiscal year, commencing July 1st, 1849, 1ms
expended in the collection of the customs, according to his
accounts and estimates, the >um oi §1,291,897, leaving
und°r the limitation of the act aforesaid, for the second
halt of the fi>eal year, to wit* from January 1st to June
30th, 1800, inclu&ive, the sum of $208,103; which, there-
fore, create? a necessity for an additional appropriation to
pay the expenses of collcetirm the customs-.
And, whereas, the Secretarv has failed to make such
giaduai reductions and retrenchments in the expenses for
collecting customs-, a> the said ant contemplated, to bring
the amount within the limitation aforesaid; and ha? also
failtd to submit to Congress estimates that would ccime
within the amount prescribed in said act, in compliance
with which Congress nnghtmake t-peeifh; appmpriations for
that service in conformity to law; and inasmuch as all sud-
den and radical chance- in thai Inanch of the public scivice
may have a tendency to produce eonOwon and to endanger
the interests or the Government; ard, moreover, if being
indispensable that adequate provision .should be made foi
the future expenses ot collecting the rexeMie fiom cus-
toms, however extiavagant the pa*t eAp'mditures may have
been, so as to avoid all unnecessary embai ra^nn nt to the
Administi ation and secure the regular action of our revenue
system. Tnereioie,
Mr. G-. made a few remarks in explanation and
support of his amendment.
The question was taken arid decided in the
negative.
So the amendment of Mr. Green was rejected.
The question recurring on agreeing to the sub-
stitute (as amended) of the Committee of Ways
and Means for the original joint resolution, was
taken and agreed to.
So the substitute was adopted.
On motion of Mr. VINTON the committee rose
and reported the joint resolution to the House.
The question then was on agreeing to the
amendment reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the following words :
" But no part of the appropriation hereby made -shall he
applied to defray the expenses ot collecting the revenue in
California and Oregon during the said second hall of the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1850."
And on this motion Mr. B. demanded the
previous question.
Mr. VINTON asked that the amendment, as
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union might be read, so that the
House could understand the bearing of the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Virginia,
[-Mr. Bayly.]
The first named amendment was accordingly
read.
And the question on seconding the demand for
the previoas question, was then taken and decided
in the affirmative.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was, first, on the amend-
ment of Mr. Vinton to the amendment reported
from Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted—yeas
100, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Alhertson, Ashe, Aveieit, Bay, Bavly,
Dc.ile, Bingham, Bia-cll, Bowdon, Bovvlui, Boyd, Albert
G. Brown, William J. Brown. Buel, Burt, Jo-eph Cable,
Geoige A. Caldwell, Carter, Cleaveland, Williamson R.
VY. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dtmmick, Disney, Doty, Dun-
hum ,Durkee, Edmundson, Evvmg, Featheiston, Fitch, Fui-
lei, CJeiry, Giluiore, Gieen, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan,
fshajn G. Harris, Sampan VV. Hams, Thomas L. Ilairis,
Hibbard, Holliday, Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert
VV. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King. L-i
Sere, Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClemand,
McDonald, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen,
McQ,u< en, MeWilhe, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris,
Morse, Olds, Oir, Paiker. Peaslee, Peck, I'help--, Potter,
Powell, liichardfon, Robbms, Robinson, Savage, Sawtelie,
Seddon, Fredenek. P. Stanton, Richard i!. Stanton, Stet-
son, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thump-on,
William Thompson, Venable. Walderi, Walic.ee, Weil-
bom, Wentwoith, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, Wood ward,
and Young—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A!-ton, Anderson. An-
diews, Booth, Bowie, Bieck, Bnggs, Biooks,Burrows,Ches-
ter Bnilei, E. C. Calitll, J. P. Caldwell, Campbell. Casey,
Chandler, Clai k, Chngman, Cole. Conger, Corwm, CrowolJ,
Deberiy, Dickey, Dixon, Oner, Duncan. Alex. Evans,Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Gentr\, Giddmjr*, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grmnell, IJalloway, Hampton Maymond, Ilcbaid, Ifeniy,
Hillard, Holmes Houston, Ilovve, Hunter, Jatk-on, James
L. Johnson, Kerr, Darnel P. Kmc, George G. King, James
G. Kin^r, John A. King, Levin, Hoiaee Mann, Marshall,
Matte son, McGaughey, Kit-sock. Finis E.McL« an, Meach-
am, Moore, Morehead, Morton. Nelson. Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Ov\en, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam. R"pd, Reynolds, Risley,
Roc kwell.Rumsey,Sackett.Schenck, Schermeihorn.School-
craft, Shepperd.,Silvester, Spalding, Sprague. Stanlv, Alex.
H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Sweetser, Ta\ lor, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wat-
kins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Wmthiop—101.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nay3-, which
were ordered,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House adjourn.
The question having been taken the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Some conversation followed in which Messrs.
MEADE, PRESTON KING, KING, of New
Jersey, BAYLY, and the SPEAKER, partici-
pated.
Alter which the question on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the Committee of the
Whoieon the state of the Union, was taken and
decided in the negative—yeas 99, nays 103; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston,Anderson, An-
drews, Bowie, J'reck, Brigsrs, Brooks, Burrows, C. Butler,
E. Camngton Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clark,Chnginan, Cole, Conger, Coiwiu, Crowell,
Deherrv. Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Duncau, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Gentry, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Grmnell, Halloway, Hampton, Havmond, Hebard,
Henry, Hilhard, Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
James L Johnson, Keir, Daniel P. King, George G. King.
Jas.G King. John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall,
Matt^on, vcGaughey, MeKiSs-ock, Finis E. McLean,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis,
Outlaw, Owen, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Rc< d, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Rumsey, Sackett, Sehenck, Schemer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvestei, Spalding, Sprague,
Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens,Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Underbill, Vinton,
Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson, A-^he, Aveiett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Bowdon, Bcwlin, Bojd, A. -
G. Brown,William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, G.
A Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cob-nek, Darnel. Dunmick, Disney, Don. Dunham, Dui kee,
rMinimdfon, Swing, Fefttherston, Fitch Fuller, Gerry, Gil-
moie, Gieen, Hamilton, Haralson, Hailari, l.-ham G. Harris,
S i'i.o'-oii W. Harris, Thomas L. Harus. Hibbar.i, Holliday,
How'atd, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Joue . Julian, Kaufman. Preston King, La Sere, Leffler,
Linh held, Job Maim, Mason,McClernand, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McLanahan, Robert M. MeLane, McMullen, Me-
Q,ueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morn*,
Old«, Oir, Parker^Pea-lee, Peck, Phelps. Potter, Powell,
Richardson, Ttobbms, Robinson, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon,
Frederick P.Stanton, Richard H..Stanton.Stetson, Strong,
Swict^er, Thot m«, Jacob Thompson, William Thomp-
son, Venable. Walden, Wallace, Wellborn. Wentvvorth,
Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, and Young—103.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the joint res-
olution to a third reading.
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired of the Chair
whether, if the vote was reconsidered on ordering
the main question to be put, it would be in order
to move an amendment to the original resolution.
The CHAIR said that it would be in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING then suggested to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. King,] that if
he desired to have his amendment adopted, he
could make the motion to reconsider winch was
indicated by the Chair. He [Mr. P. King] would
vote for the proposition, as it was specific in its
character. He was perfectly willing lo vote the
Secretary any amount in reason, which he would
show was necessary by specific estimates.
After some conversation,
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put.
Mr. RICHARDSON called for the yeas and
nays, which weie oidered. Pending the question,
however,
On motion the House adjourned..
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BOWLIN gave notice, under the rule, that on to-
monow, or as --oori thereafter as a hearing could be Ind, he
would ask leave to intioduce a bill, gianting to the State of
Missouri the right of way and a donation of the pubhtflaiuls,
to aid inconstiucting a railroad from St. Loa's. through the
mineral tegion ot said State, to a point on the Mississippi
below ice obstructions.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented and referred under the rule:
By Mr. BOWLIN : The petition of William S. Allen,
Commissioner of Schools in Sr. Loins county, Missouri,
praying tor a grant o( land in said county lor the use of
School Township, number 14, therein ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, the petition ot John J. Anderson and thirty-eizhf
others, citizen* of St. Louis, Missouri, asking for a reduc-
tion of postace; which wasiefcrred to the Committee on
the Po<t Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of the City Council of the city of St.
Loui*, asking to be refunded certain moneys advanced to
support marine hospital path nts, who could receive no
benefit, from the deficiency of the fund for that purpose, al-
though entitled under the iaws; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Mardenbro White and
other citizens of Gambier, Ohio, asking Congress to reduce
the present rates ol postage, by establishing the rates of
postage on prepaid letters nttwo cents per half ounce. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Ro id?..
Also, the petition of John Shurr, jr , arid twenty,Jour
other citizens ot Richland county, Ohio, leipiestmg Con-
gres« to fiv the rates of postage on prepaid letters at two
cent- per half ounce. Refeued to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
13} Mr U\TDERIIILL . The petition of J. II. William* &
Son, and others, to have the tale of postage on prepaid li-
ters established at two ci nts per halt ounce.
By Mr. SAWTKLLE: The petition of William Jams
and tbnteen othe's, citizen* of Ca^tine, in the State of
Maine, pravmgfor the erection of a harbor light on Green's
Island, at the entrance of Hurricane Sound, in the town of
Viralhavon. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Daniel II Man«fieid and fifty-four
others, citizens of Belfast, m the State o( Maine, for the re-
duction of postage.
Also, the petition of Judah McLellan and ninety others,
of the State of Maine, for the same.
Al^o, the petition of the President and members of the
Faculty of Waterville College, in the State of Maine, for
