1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
He would refer to but one or two considerations1
more before bringing his remarks to a close. The
gentleman from Illinois had said that whether Mr.
Babbit had been elected by the people of Deseret
or not, still he was their Delegate. Was the gen-
tleman prepared to say that this House would
take up any man and bring him in here as a Dele-
gate whether the people asked it or not?
Whether the people ask it or not—whether for
his own sake, or from some other motive—you
desire to bring him here. 1 believe that the House
will-not give its assent to any such a proposition.
When we are told that we are dealing hardly with
these Mormons, I ask whether we should not deal
more hardly if we were to act in contravention of
their own request? That would be to show them
more kindness than they ask. I have never heard
of this House admitting a Delegate to a seat, when
the people themselves, instead of desiring his ad-
mission, do not even ask it. The people of Deseret
do not ask us to admit this Delegate toa seat anul
after Congress shall have organized the territory
and established a government there.
There is but one other point on which I will
say a word or two, as I feel my strength giving
way, and I perceive that the committee is becom-
ing impatient to take the vote.
We yesterday rejected the application of New
Mexico for the admission of her Delegate to a seat
on this floor. It is generally understood that the
applicant in that case is anti-slavery m his opin-
ions. Vet with strong sympathies in his favor on
that ground, a majority of this House felt them-
selves compelled to deny his claim. To-day, we
have to decide on the application of the people of
Deseret, who are small in number. Their Dele-
gate now asks to be admitted to a seat. His opin-
ions on the subject of slavery are unlike those
of Mr. Smith, who was yesterday rejected. If we
admit him, after having, in the exercise of our dis-
cretion, rejected Mr. Smith, it would be said in
the northern States that we rejected Smith be-
cause he'is anti-slavery in his opinions, and admit-
ted Babbit because he is pro-slavery. This is the
charge which would be made against us by the
entire North. Could any step be taken which
would be more calculated to stir up an agitation
throughout the northern States than the iejection
of an anti-slavery candidate for admission, and ta-
king a pro-slavery man, especially, too, when the
admission of the latter has not been asked by the
people of the Territory ? I desire to put it to the
House if we could take any step more calculated
to increase the storm in the North, than to admit
Babbit to-day, after rejecting Smith yesterday ?
I have nothing more to say in relation to this
case. I trust that the House will not admit Bab-
bit after rejecting Smith, whose claim to a seat is
the stronger of the two.
The committee then proceeded to vote.
The state of the question was this :
The Committee on Elections had reported the
following resolution:
Hefotvcd, That it is inexpedient to admit Almon W. Bab-
hit, to a M-at in this body as a Delegate fiom the al-
leged State of Desoict.
Mr. McDONALD had yesterday moved an
amendment in the form of a substitute, as follows:
" Tiiat Aliiion W. Babbit be adim'iud to a seat in the
House of Representatives of the United States, as a Dele-
gate fiom the Territoiy of Doeret, lor the present Con-
gress."
Mr. BISSELL (at the close of his remarks to-
day) moved to amend the amendment to the
amendment by adding the following proviso:
'< J'rovideil, however, That this House does not intend
hereby to recognize as of any validity the so-called constiui-
tion <>l bait! Territory, or any jaws purpoitmg to be made by
authority of that constitution."
And the question was first on agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment.
After some conversation upon a point of order,
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The committee rose informally, and
A message m writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
George P. Fisher, Esq.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. McDonald—
Mr. DUER moved to amend the amendment by
striking out all after the word "resolved," and
inserting the following:
" That Almon W. Babbit, who has been sent here as ad-
vocate or agent of the people Jiving m the vicinity of the Sait
Lake, in California, be admitted to a seat on the floor of this
House, and that he have the same right to speak thereon as
Delegates from Territories."
Mr. BISSELL requested Mr. Duer to modify
his amendment, by adding at the end thereof the
proviso proposed by him (Mr. B.) and just voted
down.
Mr. DUER accepted the amendment, and modi-
fied his resolution accordingly.
The quesiion being on the modified amendment
of Mr. Duer,
Mr. DUER observed, that he had simply to say
that this amendment was in accordance with the
views he had several times heretofore expressed,
and that it was substantially the same amendment
which he had endeavored to offer to the resolution
in the case of the Delegate trorn New Mexico,
and which he was prevented from having read
for the information of the House, by objections
made on the other side. The question wasstmply
this: Here were some ten or twenty thousand
people: he was not of their religion, nor politics,'
nor general opinions probably; these people had
sent a man here as an agent to attend to their in-
terests; and the question was, should the House
allow him to a seat among them and to address
them ? That he thought they had the power to
do: to do more than that they had not the power.
He had drawn this amendment in order to avoid
any objection that might arise from the use of the
term " Delegate."
Mr. HARALSON appealed to Mr. Duer to
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. DUER declined to do so, stating that he
preferred to have the question taken on his amend-
ment.
The amendment of Mr. Duer, as modified by
the addition of the proviso of Mr. Bissell, was
read, a3 follows:
" That Almon W. Babbit, who has been sent here as ad-
vocate, or agent of the people Jiving in the vicinity of the
Salt Lake, in California, be admitted to a seat on the floor of
this House; and that he have the same right to speak as
Delegates irom Territories: Provided, however, That this
House does not intend hereby to recognize as of any validity
the so-called eon&imiiiou of said Teriitory, or anv Jaws pui-
porting to be made by authority o< that constitution."
And the question, being on its adoption, was
taken by tellers, (Messrs. Duncan and Seddon,)
and decided in the negative—ayes 68, nays 71.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. McDonald—
Tellers were asked by Mr. McDonald, and
ordered, and Messrs. Corwin and Jones were ap-
pointed.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the negative—ayes 63, noes 83.
So the amendment of Mr. McDonald was re-
jected.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the lesolution lepoited by the Committee on Elec-
tions, (which declares it inexpedient to admit Al-
mon W. Babbit, Esq., to a seatin this House.)
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to amend the
resolution by striking out the word " Esquire."
The motion was rejected.
The question then recurred on the resolution re-
ported from the Committee on Elections.
The question was taken, and the Chair an-
nounced that (he resolution had been rejected.
Mr. HAMILTON said, he had askcti for tellers
before the decision had been announced.
Some conversation followed; after which,
The CHAIRMAN said, that the Chair would
entertain the demand for tellers, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] stated that he
had called for them before the question was an-
nounced.
No objection being made, the Chairman stated
the question to be on the original resolution.
Much confusion followed.
Several members addressed the Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair will recog-
; nize no member until order has been restored in
i the. Hall.
j After some moments—
f M r. STRONG requested the Chair to state what
, the pending question was.
! The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] has called for tellers on the
adoption of the resolution of the Committee on
Elections.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Rich-
ardson and the Chair.
Several Member®. "What is the question ?
The CHA1RMAN. It is on the adoption of the
original resolution reported by the Committee on
Elections, declaring it inexpedient to admit Mr.
Babbit to his seat.
Mr. HAMILTON was understood to with-
draw the demand for tellers.
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise, and
report the resolution to the House.
Some conversation and much confusion followed,
several members addressing the Chair, with in-
quiries or statements, of which nothing could be
heard on the left of the Chair.
Mr. FITCH was recognized, and desired to be
informed by the Chair whether the resolution was
now open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN". It is.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a point
of order. It was, that the original resolution was
not now open to amendment. An amendment had
been offered to strike out all the resolution after
the woid " resolved," and insert a substitute.
It was in order to perfect the original resolution
before the question was taken to strike out and in-
sert a substitute, but the question on the motion to
strike out the original resolution and insert a sub-
stitute having been put and rejected, it was not
now in order to move to amend the original resolu-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Rich-
ardson and the Chairman.
Mr. RICHARDSON requested the Chairman
to state what the question was.
The CHAIRMAN stated the point of order of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
! and the decision of the Chair thereupon.
Mr. RICHARDSONappealed from thedecision.
The CHAIRMAN. An appeal is taken from
the decision of the Chair. And the question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee r"
Mr. JONES. Before ihe question is taken, I
will request the Clerk to read the part of the 53d
rule which I designate.
The Clerk read, as follows :
"A motion to strike out and insert shall be deemed indi-
visible, but a motion to strike out being lost, shall preclude
neither amendment nor a motion to strike out and insert."
Mr. CROWELL. Will the Chair be good
enough to state the question.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion having been
made to strike out and insert, and that motion hav-
ing failed, the Chair decides that the original reso-
lution remains before the committee, subject to
amendment. Such the Chair decides has been the
j uniform piactice of the committee, and from this
decision the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rich-
ardson) appeals.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the appeal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. HARALSON, (to the Chair.) Is there any
; amendment now pending.?
Mr. FITCH. I submit the following amend-
ment.
The amendment, in the words following, wnsread;
"But that it is expedient to admit Hugh N". Smith to a
seat in this House, from and after the first Monday in Au-
gust next, as a Delegate from New Mexico to the Thirty-first
| Congress."
! The amendment having been read'—
The CHAIRMAN said: The Chair rules the
;'amendment out of older.
j Mr. FITCH. On what ground ?
I The CHAIRMAN. Under the decision of the
■ committee on a former day, which overruled the
decision of the Chair 
j Mr. FITCH, (interposing.) With all due re-
! spect to the Chair, the committee did not decide .
! The CHAIRMAN, (interposing.) The com-
! mittee have decided upon this very question and
i have disposed of it—-
! Mr. FITCH, (interposing.) No-^-I beepardon
1 of the Chair 
j The CHAIRMAN, (interposing.) Thegentle-
j man will suspend his remarks. The question of
the admission of H. N. Smith as a Delegate from
the Territoiy of New Mexico has been dis-
posed of. And it is an unprecedented thing to
submit a motion in committee by way of amend-
ment, to open up a subject which has already been
decided by the House. Does the gentleman ap-
peal,from the decision of the Chair ?
