1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
description of debate which was in the worst taste
was that which generally engaged attention. He
trusted that these two committees would be con-
nected, if by so doing the great object to be at-
tained could in any degree be promoted.
Mr. WHITE desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether this communication might not
be informally laid aside.
Mr. WOODWARD. I cannot hear a word the
gentleman says—not one word, sir.
Members in other parts of the Hall. We can-
not hear a word.
The SPEAKER. Conversation is too loud in
the Hall. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
White] will suspend his remarks until order has
been restored.
After the lapse of some time,
Mr. WHITE resumed. I understand that a
resolution on this subject has been passed by the
Senate. That resolution is not now before the
House. This is a simple motion of concurrence
in a resolution which has not been presented. It
seems to me that it would be proper to have the
resolution before us before any action is taken. I
do not know what the resolution contains. But I
desire the Speaker to state whether the resolution
may not be informally laid aside until such time
as the resolution itself shall beTDefore the House?
Mr. HOUSTON was understood to say, that all
that was proposed to be done was, that the com-
mittee of the House should act in conjunction with
the committee of the Senate. The Senate had
passed a resolution to that effect, and this commit-
tee apprised the House of the fact. The simple
proposition was, that the House should instruct
its committee to act conjointly with the committee
of the Senate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Is it a
proposition to make this a joint committee, or is
there some specific object upon which it is pro-
posed to act ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is, as I understand, for a
temporary purpose only.
Mr. THOMPSON. What is that purpose ?
Mr. HOUSTON referred to the remarks he had
already submitted, and said, that beyond the ex-
planation there given, he could, he thought, say
nothing calculated to give satisfaction to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson.}
Mr. WHITE. 1 hope the resolution will be
laid aside.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. White] is entitled to the floor. The
communication comes up m the regular order of
business. By the unanimous consent of the House,
it can be laid aside informally.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. WHITE then moved that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
Monday next.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (to the Chair.)
Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question, " Shall the consideration of the
subject be postponed until Monday next?" was
then taken, and decided in the negative—ayes 60,
noes 70.
So the House decided that the consideration of
the subject should not be postponed.
The question recurring on concurring in the res-
olution of the Senate—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said, he could
not see the objection to the passage of the resolu-
tion which seemed to have struck the minds of
some members of the House, it was simply a
proposition that the Committees on Public Build-
ings, of the House and of the Senate, should act
conjointly Surely the House did not, by con-
curring in the resolution, commit itself to any prop-
osition that might be submitted by the committee.
Therefore, so far as the proposition itself was
concerned, he could see no objection to its adop-
tion, if it were anything good—nor even if it were
anything bad.
But if the object were such as had been repre-
sented here to-day, then he concurred entirely in
the views which had been expressed by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward.}
He (Mr. S.) thought that the opinion had long
and jreneral'y prevailed here, ?hat thi.s Chamber
was unfit for the purpose for which it had been
built; that it was necessaiy—ubsolutely and indis-
pensably necessary—that a Hall should be con-
structed in which the public business could be
conducted properly, and with facility. It was
true—true to the letter—that persons sitting even
in his (Mr. S.'s) seat, were altogether unable to
hear anything of a lar^e portion of the business
before the House. If, for the purpose of hearing,
he went into the area in front of the Cleik's table,
the Speaker, as it was his duty to do, called him
of order. If he advanced a few paces into the
aisle, to hear something of matters in which he
felt a deep concern, there, also, he was called to
order,-as on numberless occasions he had been.
Thus, he was in ignorance of much that was going
on in the Hall; and he must continue to be so,
unless, by breaking the rule, he could take some
position more favorable. He had a right to know
all that was going on in the Hall. It was his con-
stitutional privilege to hear, just as much as it was
to speak; and it was the duty of this House to
provide the means of hearing for all. He hoped,
if the object of this resolution to unite the two
committees was to facilitate the proposition to con-
struct a new Hall, that it would be passed without
difficulty or delay, as it must commend itself to the
favorable consideration of the House.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, demanded the pre-
vious question, which was seconded, and the main
question was ordered, being on the adoption of the
following resolution moved by Mr. Houston :
Resolved, Ti'at the House concur in the otd^r of the
Senate of the 28th of Ma v. I860, and thattbe committee on
Public Buildings of the flou^e he authorized to act in eon-
cert with the same committee of the Senate.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to
Mr. GOTT moved to reconsider the vote and to
lay that motion on the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The House bill, entitled An act for the relief of
Jacob Zimmerman, having been returned from the
Senate with an amendment, was taken up for con-
sideration, and the said amendment, striking out
the words "1st of January, 1850,"and inserting in
lieu thereof the words, " 25th April, 1848," was
concurred in—ayes 85, noes not counted.
The House bill, entitled An act to provide for
the recording of conveyances of vessels, and for
other purposes, having been returned from the
Senate with an amendment, came up in its order
for consideration.
The amendment was read, as follows :
" Snc. 7. Jlad be it further enacfcd, That any pf^on not
bf-insr an owner, who shall on the high «;eas wilfully, with
intent to burn or destroy, set fir** to any ship or other vp<s-
eelj or otherwise attempt the destruction of ^uch «hip or
other vessel, being the property of any citizen or citizens of
the United States, or procure the prime to he done, with the
intent aforesaid, and heinsr thereof lawfully convicted, sha'I
suffer imprisonment to hard labor for a term not exceeding
ten vear^ nor less than three years, according to the aggra-
vation of the circumstances." '
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be
in full force from and after the first day of October next suc-
ceeding."
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, the House
concurred in the amendment of the Senate.
House bill No. 71, being; an act for the relief of
Richard H. Barrett, having been returned from
the Senate with an amendment, inserting in the
bill the words*, " in the St. Augustine district, in
the S<"afp of Florida," said amendment was con-
sidered and concurred in.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN ARKANSAS.
Senate bill No. 18, entitled "An ant to divide
the district of Askansas into two judicial districts,
being read by its title, with a view to its commit-
ment—
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas, moved that the
bill be put upon its passage. He said, it hud
passed the Senate several times—he believed this
; was the third time. It had come to tbh House,
1 and been reported back from the committee during
| the last Congress, and he believed during the 29ih
| Congress—at arty rate, during the 30th Congress.
; it had failed heretofore for want of time, a d noth-
| ing else. He now asked that the House put it
; upon its pas^cre, and allow it to be disposed of.
| Mr. DUNHAM moved that the bill be referred
j to the Committee on the Judiciary.
; The question was taken, and deeided in the af-
firmative—ayes 76, noes 49.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.  
LAND OFFICERS.
Senate bill entitled "An act regulating the com-
* pensation of Registers and Receivers of the Uni-
e ted States Land Offices for locating Mexican
' bounty land warrants," was read a fust and sec-
ond time by its title, with a view to it3 commit-
ment.
Mr. McDONALD- said; Mr. Speaker, i move
that this bill be put upon its passage, and in scr
doing I desire to offer a few remarks in favor of
its provisions, believing that if it is understood by
£he House no serious objection will be made. Ft
is well known that on the adoption of our present
land system the compensation of registers and
receivers was fixed bylaw, in which a per cent,
upon the amount of money received formed the
principal amount of compensation*, and upoa
the passage of the Mexican bounty land law
no compensation was allowed to registers and
receivers, for the labor performed in making the
locations of warrants issued under said law.
Since the issue of these land warrant? almost all
the land taken up has been done with warrants,
thus depriving these officers of the largest amount
of their salery. In 1848 a bill was passed author-
izing them to charge fifty cents for each land war-
rant of one hundred and sixty, located by any as-
signee; but they were still required to locate land
warrants for soldiers or their heirs without fee or
reward. Now, it is a fact thai i know of my own
knowledge, that the labor to be performed by these
officers in locating land warrants, is nearly three
times as great as that performed in the entry of
land with money, and yet the compensation now
received is much less than half that leceived in
the case of money entries. It has been demon-
strated by a long series of years, under our land
system, that the amount received by those officers
for the labor performed m the entry of land with
money, is no more than a fair compensation. And
this bill proposes nothing more than to give them
the same compensation for locating land warrants,
as is received by them in entering land with mo-
ney, with this difference only, that where the land
is located by assignees, the fee is to be paid by
such assignee; but. where the location is made by
the soldier or his heirs, the compensation is made
out of the Treasury. 1 feel anxious that tins bill
shall pass, as it is but a simple act of justice to
those officers who have been deprived of a reason-
able compensation for the labor performed by
them; and for these reasons I have moved that
this bill be put upon its passage. If it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, I hope that it
may be reported back at an early day, so that we
may act upon it duiing the present session.
Mr. BiSSELL said he thought this bill was
very just and proper, and he smceily hoped th<tt
no gentleman would interpose an objection to its
passage. He knew of his own knowledge, as had
been stated by the gentleman from Indiana, that
the labor required of the officers of the land offices
in the entry and location of these Mexican land war-
rants was very great, much greater than in ordinary
cases. There was no principle of justice or equity
which required that it should not be paid for.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he did
not know but he should approve of the bill; but
he very much disapproved of this habit of passing
bills without any consideration whatever. He
moved, therefoie, that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. He, however, waived
the motion for the present.
Mr. RICHARDSON considered it very neces-
sary and proper that this bill should pass. The
effect of the Mexican bounty iand law was this: In
the districts in the west and southwest where thf*
public lands were entered, the officers in the land
offices who discharged the duties leceived nothing
for labor two or three times as gieat as when
they were entered with the money; and their com-
pensation was in many instances cut down from
$1,500 and $2,000 to $500. Under this law, the
duties in theseoffices were so great that each register
and receiver was required to retain a number of
clerks; the isaiary which he received was not suffi-
cient to compensate him or his clerks; and it would
be difficult to ^et public officers to discharge these
duties unless the Government paid them. U was
true, as had been stated by gentlemen who had
preceded him, thatn required about three times
the labor to enter public lands with land warrants
that it did with the money.
