1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
had "just as much respect for Wilmot as for
Clemens or Foote." 1 hope the Senator from
Mississippi will survive this assault, that he will
not drown himself in despair. 1 venture even
to hope that he will not suffer himself to be si-
lenced by it. The South has yet much need of
my honorable friend. His genius, his talents,
his energy^ his readiness .to defend the right,
his fearless denunciations of the wrong—his unri-
valled powers of sarcasm and invective, are each
and all familiar acquaintances, with which I should
be very unwilling to part at a crisis like the pres-
ent. For myself, I have a duty before me which
can make no demands and impose no lisksoran-
poyances that I am not ready to meet. Any one
may pursue a pathway strewn .with roses; it re-
quires men to tread where thorns and brambles
cumber the way. I expected to be denounced, to
be misunderstood by some, and calumniated by
others. Much of this I cannot prevent; but when
the charge is made here, in my presence, that I am
a factionist, or that those who act with me are so,
I shall repel it in terms that admit of no double
meaning. Sir, I do not believe there is a man in
the entire South who desires disunion for itself. I
hope, also, there is not one who will suffer his
rights to be invaded, or his honor tarnished, no
matter what may be the cost of resistance. We
mean, at all hazards, to defend the Constitution.
If that is faction, we are guilty. If that is dis-
union, weare disunionists. If that is a crime against
the republic, we have much to answer for.
I have heard enough, Mr. President, of hypo-
critical whining about the Union from those who
are its deadliest foes. If you want peace you have
only to say so. Let us alone. We ask no more.
Or, if you will not do that, spare us your lament-
ations. If you are determined to destroy the Con-
stitution, be men—own it publicly—and take the
responsioility. Do not seek to shift it to our
shoulders.
Mr. CHASE. A few words, and but a few, m
reference to the remarks of the distinguished Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] I am glad that
Senators have done individually that which the
Senate is unwilling to do collectively; and by no
one has that duty been performed with more ability
and eloquence than by that honorable Senator.
He has assigned, as have also other Senators, the
reasons why the prayer of this petition should not
be granted. And no one, in favor of receiving this
petition, has suggested any further action than that
these reasons should be assigned by the Senate,
not in debate, but by report. I have asked for
even less than that—barely that the right of peti-
tion, secured by the Constitution itself, should
be preserved inviolate. And the obligation to
maintain that right inviolate, is as binding upon
every Senator under the oath he has taken to sup-
port the Constitution as the duty of maintaining
any other right secured by it.
How are we met in the argument of tins ques-
tion ? One Senator assigns one rule by which the
mht of netition should be limited; another, as-
other, and a third, one different from either. The
rule of restriction which meets the most general
acceptance seems to be this: that the people have
no right to petition, or, if they do, have no right to
be heard, unless we, to whom the petition is ad-
diessed, think it is perfectly within our power to
grant its prayer. If this be so, the remark of the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is full
of force, that every Senator is bound to vote
against the reception of every petition which in-
vokes any action whatever which m his judgment
iS According\o°theis rule the honorable Senator
from Michigan is bound to vote against every pe-
tition which contains in it a prayer to prohibit the
extension of slavery by act of Congress, fhe
Senator from Michigan says, indeed, he does not
PO „o far as that. The rule, he thinks, does not
apply to a case in which the judgment of an indi-
vidual Senator against the constitutionality of he
action invoked is clear; but to a case in which the
judgment of the majority is clear against it. Is
that a distinction which can be maintained fo. a
moment? It' I am at liberty to vote for the recep-
tion of a petition praying for action, not, m my
individual judgment, within our constitutional com-
oetencv i I the less free so to vote because a
matoruy concur with me ,n that judgment r Can
it be said that the Constitution is violated by a vote
to receive a petition when a majority is ot opinion
that its prayer cannot constitutionally be granted,
but not violated by a like vote when the Senator
so voting entertains that opinion, no matter how
clearly f i do not so understand the obligations
■ which I come under here. Those obligations bind
us to support the Constitution and maintain the
Union; and while we support the Constitution
and maintain the Union, we are bound also to
maintain the rights of the people, and among those
none more sacredly than the right of petition. Let
us take care then that we do not nullify this right
by limitations inconsistent with its free exercise,
and never thought of except when a particular sen-
timent is to be propitiated by the rejection of north-
ern petitions. I am for upholding this right by
receiving this petition. We can then take such
action in reference to it as our obligations to the
Constitution and to the Union require of us.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to return my thanks to
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cooper] for the part he has taken m this debate,
and with his permissien to adopt, with a slight
qualification, a portion of his remarks. He said
that he trusted the day would never arrive when
the descendants of those patriotic ancestors who
fell on the plains of Saratoga, and whose bones
are there inhumed, could visit them only under a
passport; and that the day also might never ar-
rive when those living at Brandywine could only
visit the plains of Eutaw as strangers in a for-
eign land. Mr. President, there are other graves,
those of the gallant men who he buiied on the
plains of Mexico, and who assisted often in secu-
ring the victory ; and I hope the day will never
arrive when their comrades or descendants may
not visit them without the fear of expulsion.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the question is
taken 
Mr. MANGUM. I appeal to the Senator for a
moment.
Mr. SEWARD waived his right to the
floor. ,, , „
Mr. MANGUM. I think it would be well
enough to dispose of another clay in the discus-
sion of this important petition for the dissolution
of the Union ; but, inasmuch as my friend from
Georgia [Mr. Berrien] has postponed his right ,
to the floor on two or three occasions, and has ]
it to day, I do hope some disposition will at once .
be made of the pending question, and that he will
be permitted to go on. I move that it be post-
P°Mr." SEWARD. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment?
Mr. MANGUM. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no desire to continue
this debate; I suppose it is at an end, and I shall
be willing to renew the motion of the Senator, or
have the question taken as soon as I have merely
stated a single proposition. I desire that the issue
that is involved in the question may be distinctly
understood; and it is this: On the one side of the
House it is proposed that this petition shall not be
received at all, which amounts to a virtual rejec-
tion of the paper. On the other side of the House
it is proposed that tne petition shall be received
and referred to the Judiciary Committee, with in-
structions to report that the Senate has neither the
power nor the disposition to entertain the question.
This is the question, and not any question whether
Senators are in favor of dissolving the Union or
not. We are all against even the thought of !(
dissolution. Under these circumstances, 1 shall ||
vote for receiving the petition, for the reason 1 have .
already assigned, and I think it the right way to j;
vindicate the right of petition, and the way best i;
calculated to suppress the agitation. '
Mr. POOTE. Will the Senator vote for the re- .
ceiving of a petition which he designated in our I
hearing the other day as a petition from madmen, h
Mr. SEWARD. I have never yet seen the pe-
tition of any human being that I would not receive
 never. I do not believe I ever shall; for it is
not enough to justify me in refusing to hear a hu-
man being who may apply to me, that 1 have not
the power to grant what he asks. Now, the Con-
stitution imposes no restriction and no modifica-
tion upon the right of petition. Petitions offered
by madmen "are harmless, and the way to render
them the most harmless is to hear them and give
them a civil answer. It is a civil answer that turns
away wrath.
A Voice. A soft answer.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, a soft answer. I be-
lieve, sir, if there had never been any, petitions, en
the subject of slavery rejected by Cpngress; there
never would have been any petitions presented to
Congress for the dissolution of the Union. I Relieve
that so long as we suffer those who are disumonists
to maintain before the people a false issue oh the
right of petition, so long Will we have the right of
petition abused and perverted" for such purposes.
And it is for that reason I desire to receive, this
and all other petitions.
The distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] has adverted to one or two cases, and asks,
by way of parallel, whether we would receive pe-
titions under such circumstances—as, for instance,
a petition to declare there is no God ? Well, sir,
I have seen a question very similar to that broached
in my legislative experience. I have known large
masses of the community agitated by an appre-
hension of a combination of Church and State,
growing out of the appointment of chaplains to
legislative bodies. I have seen such petitions pre-
sented, and a great popular movement made to
compel the attention of a legislative body to the
discussion of that question.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order, with all
deference to the Senator. I may be misinformed
in regard to the rule, but I am told by much more
experienced Senators that I am right in the suppo-
sition, that when the hour of one has arrived, no
one has a right to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate to the exclusion of the special order. The
gentleman from Georgia is, therefore, now entitled
to the floor, unless he waives it, and if he has.not,
I insist upon the enforcement of the rule.
Mr. MANGUM. Let us take the vote.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York will proceed. ^
Mr. SEWARD. The moment those petitions
were received and elaborately discussed and de-
cided upon, the agitation ceased. I remember,
also, the presentation of petitions, very numerous-
ly signed, to legislative bodies, to prohibit the
reading of the Bible in the common schools, and
the question was raised which was the wisest way
to meet an agitation so injunttus to the peace and
morals of society. Some maintained that it was
best to reject them, and others that it was best to
| receive them and give them an answer. They
1 were received, referred, and an elaborate answer
j given them, and though that it is more than ten
years ago, no such petition was presented to the
'• body afterwards. Now, sir, we shall never hear
of petitions for the dissolution of the Union, if we
receive this and give it that answer which is in the
mouth as well as in the heart of every member of
this body. It is a simple question whether we
shall give these reasons. -We are not above giv-
ing reasons to our fellow-men—not even above
givin" reasons for not dissolving the Union.
George Washington was not above giving reasons
why this Union should not be dissolved. He
gave them earnestly and fully in his Farewell Ad-
dress to his countrymen, and the statesmen of this
day are not above it. The Senate of the United
States is not above the petition of the meanest, or
at least of the humblest citizen of the United States,
and the declaration that we cannot and will not
admit the question of the dissolution of the Union,
is one that we might, with a due regard to our dig-
nity and with advantage, express.
Mr. FOOTE. Does the Senator really insist
that madmen have a right to present a petition
here? However, I will not call on the Senator for
an answer now.
The question was then taken on the reception
of the petition, and it was decided in the negative,
as follows :
YE4S—Messrs. Chase, H.ile, Seward—3.
Dodge bf'Wisconsin, Douglas, fekd, I o we ,
Greene, Houston flunt^
Wales, Walker, Webster, WUitcqmb, anil i mee-^>i.
Mr MANGUM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order of
the day.
admission of ladies.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I make the usual
motion for the admission of the ladles to the floor.
I understand that there is a very large number
