334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
desirous of bearing the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Berrien.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved by the
Senator from Mississippi, that the ladies be ad'
mitted to the floor of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. Agreed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The permission
can only be granted by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection, and the Sargeant-at-arms
will execute the orders of the Senate.
The ladies were accordingly admitted, a large
number of whom availed themselves of the per-
mission.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the compromise resolu-
tions introduced by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay.]
Mr. BERRIEN addressed the .Senate for an
hour and a half, and, without finishing, gave way,
on the suggestion of Mr. Mangum, that it <jvas
necessary to go into Executive session. His speech
will be found in the Appendix.
ADDITIONAL CLERK OF SUPREME COURT.
Mr. BUTLER presented the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration:
A joint resolution authonzing the appointment of a special
clerk to the Supreme Court of lite United Slates.
Resolved hi/ the Senate and House of Rejn esentutii es of the
United States oj sdmerica in Congress assembled, That tlip
Cluef Justice of the Supreme Couit of the United States
be and lie is hereby auihonzed to appoint a special clerk
to attend s-aid Chief Ju-tice and the Associate Jli-siices of
said Supreme Court during the time it is m session each
year, and it shall be the duty of said clerk to do such copy-
ing of opinions and other matters, ami to inake such re-
searches, as the Chief Justice or either of his associates may
require in tfie progress of the business of the said court.
And said clerk shall he allowed outot the contingent fund
of said court compensation for his services not exce**din<r
six dollars for each day that he may attend said judges and
- perform said services.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask for the immediate con-
sideration of this resolution with a view to its
adoption without unnecessary delay, because there
are now before the Supreme Court cases in litiga-
tion involvng an amount equal to at least four
millions of dollars, which cases depend mainly
upon proofs contained m papers in the Spanish
language, correspondence, and otherwise; and it
is impossible for the Court to act upon those cases
satisfactorily without the aid of an officer such as
is here proposed. The number of judgments that
are to be pronounced cannot be written out by
the judges without such aid and assistance. It
appears to me to be but a reasonable request on
the part of the Court, and one that should be
granted.
Mr. WEBSTER. Is it in the form of a joint
resolution ?
Mr. BUTLER. I will put it in that form.
Mr. WEBSTER. I hope the gentleman will do
so*, and I entirely concur with him as to the pro-
priety of adopting it. I know that under the pres-
ent order of business in the Court there is more
labor imposed on the judges than they can possi-
bly get through with.
Mr. KING. I hope the resolution will be per-
mitted to lie upon the table for the present, that ;
we may have an opportunity of looking into it. ;
Mr. WEBSTER. Let it take the ordinary i
course of a bill. i
The resolution, as modified, was read the first
and second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. CLA"V . I rise, sir, not to oppose the ob-
ject which the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina has m view, but there is a difficulty as to the
mode by which he proposes to accomplish that ob-
ject. 1 have no sort of objection, for one, to what
is proposed to be done, provided it be done by law;
and a joint resolution I consider equivalent to law.
I have no sort of objection to granting a clerk to
the Supreme Court for the purpose mentioned; but
the question is one involving our constitutional
power. The Constitution, we are aware, provides
that officers of a certain description shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, but that the appoint-
ment of certain subordinate officers may by law
be vested either in the heads of Departments or
m the courts of justice. Now the question is, can
we vest in a single judge the power of appointing
aclerkto theSupreme Court? I think not. If the
gentleman will so modify his resolution as to give
the appointing power to the court, I shall heartily
concur with him in its adoption.
Mr. WEBSTER. That is very fair.
Mr. BUTLER, i have no sort of objection to
that modification. The resolution was placed in
my hands in the shape in which I presented it, and
1 assure the honorable Senator from Kentucky
that I agree most cordially with him, that the court
ought to have the appointing power; and I will so
amend the resolution.
On motion of Mr. KING, the further consider-
ation of the resolution was postponed until to-
morrow.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following, which lies
over one day under the rules:
Resolved, Ttiat m future when a member of Congress
dies, and has been buried in the vacation, the Senate will
not feci itself called upon to extend to the memory of the
deceased the honors and ceremonies which have been of
late years usually awarded; but will restrict ltsell hereafter,
in the appropriation of those honois and ceiemomes, to
cases of the death of members during the session of Con-
gress.
Mr. KING presented the following resolution,
which was, by unanimous consent, considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to the Senate any papers in his department
j relative to the conduct of David Cook, master of the Eng-
lish barque Sarah, in saving the passengeis and crew ol the
Ameucan ship Caleb Grnushaw, William E. Hoxie, master,
destroyed at sea by fire while on her passage from Liverpool
to New Yoik.
On motion of Mr. FOOTE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time thus engaged, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 1 '2, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. PRESTON KING- moved that it be so
amended as to state the fact, that the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
had been ordered to be taken on ordering to a
third reading the joint resolution from the Senate
"limiting the expenses of collecting the revenue
from customs for the present fiscal year," had been
made by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
King.]
The Journal, having been thus amended, was
approved.
Mr. PUTNAM, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution, which was adopted:
| Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pensions be request-
ed to forward to the Clerk of the House of Repie&entativ<\s
! tiie petition of Silas Champion, for an increase of pension,
' on file in his office, with the evidence accompanying the
 amc, in order that they may be leleired to the Committee
j on invalid Pon-ious.
! Mr. CONGER asked the unanimous consent of
« the House to introduce the following resolution,
: which was read for information:
I Resolved,' That the Committee on Patents be, and they
- hereby ate, instructed to mqime into the propriety of repeaJ-
' nig an act entitled ''An act to extend ti patent heretofoie
granted to William Woodworm," passed Februaty 26,1845,
being an act for a second renewal of a patent tor alleged im-
provements in the method of planing, tonguemg, grooving,
and culling into mouldings, on euhci plank, boards, or any
othci matenal, and for reducing the same to an equal width
and thickness—and mat said committee report by bill oi
otherwise.
Objection having been made, the resolution was
not received.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the motion made by the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. King,] yesterday, to reconsider
jl the vote by which the main question on ordering
II to a third reading the joint resolution 11 limiting the
I expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
li for the present fiscal year," had been ordered to be
ij taken.
I! And the question on that motion was taken.
!| The roll having been called—
j| Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, who had been
II detained in the committee room, and was not in his
ij seat when his name was called, asked the unani-
j; mous consent of the House to record his vote.
Objection was made.
The result was then announced—yeas 94, nays
78; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen. Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Booth, Bowie, Breek, Briggu, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,Campbell,Casey,Chand-
ler, Clark, Cnngman, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Corwin,
CiOtfveli, Deberrv, Dickey, D;&iify, Dixon, Duncan, Dur-
kee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan-', Fowler, Freedley,
Giddmgs, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, GrinneH, Halloway,
Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Prcs ton King, Levin, Hor-
ace Mann, Matteson,McKissock, Finis R. McLean, Meach-
am, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Otis, Owen, Phce-
nix, Pitman, Putnam, lteed, Reynolds, Risley, Rockwell,
ftoot, Kumsey, Saekett, Schenck, Sheppeid, Silvester,
Sprasue, Stanly, Alexander H. Stephens, Tiiaddeus Ste-
vens, Sweetser, Taylor, John B. Tnompson, Thurinan, Un-
| derhsll, Van Dyke, Vuuon, Watkins, White, Williams,
' Wihnot, Wilson, and Winthiop—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Albert&on, Ashe. Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bisfcell, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd,'William
J. Brown, Buit, Joseph Cable, Cauer, Cleveland, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dimmiek, Doty,
Dunham, Ewing, Feathers-ton, Fitch, Fuller, Hamilton,
Haralson, Harlan, I>ham G. Hams, Sampson W. JIams,
Thomas L. Harris, Ilibbard, Holhday, Howard. Hubtmid,
Inge, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, L^fflei, Little-
field, Job Mann. Mason, McDonald, McLanahan, McMul-
len, McWillie, Aleade, Miller, Million,Morris,Moise, Olds,
Orr, Parker, Pea^lee, Peck, Ph<>lps, Potter, Powell, Kich-
ardson, Robbing, Robinson, Savage, Savvtelle, S;jddon,
Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-on,
William Thompson, Vunable, Walden, Wallacc, Wellborn,
Whittlesey, and Wood—78.
So the motion was reconsidered.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DISNEY suggested to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] who had made the motion,
to withdraw the demand.
Mr. BAYLY assented.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, then took the floor,
and offered the following amendment to the reso-
lution, viz:
Strike out all after the word 1849, in the 1st
section, and insert the following:
"That the sum of $1,000,000 for the collection of the
revenue fioin customs,$ "j0,0l 01or warehousing, $2o,0C0 for
Texan and Oregon, #1UU,0W for California, t?5U,UU0 for new
business—$1,i2J5,(K)0—bo appropriated tor the expense of
collccting the revenue for the half of the pre>ent fiscal year,
ending iiOth June, 1850, together with such huii m addition
a  may be reeeivod from storage, callage, diaj a^e, and labor,
tor said half >ear, and in that proportion loi any shorter or
longer tune, until Congress shall act upon the subject, and
that meanwhile the restriction by law upon the amount of
salaries in California and Oregon shall be suspended."5
Mr. KING stated that he had the satisfaction
yesterday to reduce to figures his views of the
form which this resolution should assume, in
furtherance of the object of the House—the fixing
of a limit for the cost of collecting the public reve-
nue from foreign imports. His proposition had
been met with favor, and had been adopted in the
Committee of the Whole. But by some process
of which he was perfectly uninformed, and which
he was unable to understand, his amendment had
been slipped in between other propositions, and had
thus fallen to the ground.
He was happy now to have the opportunity
again to submit his amendment. The amount of
the expenditure, heretofore, by that most zealous,
most active, and most able gentleman, who had
been the predecessor of the present Secretary of
the Treasury, had been reduced by him to the
lowest point at which it was practicable to secure
the faithful collection of the revenue. Below that
point, the late Secretary had declared that such a
collection of the revenue could not be effected. It
would be hard, tnen, if gentlemen on the other
side would not be \villing to give to the present
Secretary of the Treasury an amount equal to that
which, m the time of his predecessor, was not
deemed by them sufficient for the collection of the
revenue.
[Here Mr. King was requested to take a more
commanding position, in order that Ins remarks
might be more distinctly heard.]
Mr. KING resumed—expressing his fear that
he should not be able to make any remarks which
would compensate the House for the attention it
was disposed to concede to "him. He had been
stating that he thought it not quite right that gen-
tlemen on the other side should endeavor to com-
pel those who have now succeeded to the adminis-
tration of the Treasury Department to do the
work for a less sum than that which was deemed
insufficient by the late Secretary. No one enter-
tained the least doubt that the late Secretary ap-
plied himself assiduously to the task of reducing
the cost of collecting the revenue to the lowest
practicable point, and that to this point it was
reduced.
