1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
of the Mexican war, such were the duties of the
accounting officer* of the Treasury that it was seen
that they could not pay the claims with the prompt-
itude necessary to do entire justice to the claimants.
In consideration of the performance of the duty,
the Pay Department was allowed to retain a cer-
tain number of officers. The joint resolution sim-
ply proposed to restore to the accounting officers
of the Treasury the duties they performed prior
to the passage of the law in 1848. He would say
to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] and to the House, that the accountmgofficers
of the Treasury had now the duty of investigating
and deciding upon all claims for arrears of pay.
These officers had so far discharged their duties as
to be in a condition to dispose of the few remain-
ing claims for extra pay without interfering with
their other duties. 'The number of these cases
originally was from eighty to one hundred thou-
sand. There remained only some twelve or thir-
teen thousand unpaid, and these embraced all
the cases of the deceased soldiers of the army.
Certain officers engaged in this duty would be dis-
charged if this resolution passed, whilst others
would return to their appropriate dudes. There
would, therefore, be actual economy in the passage
of the resolution.
If no gentlemen desired to speak to the resolu-
tion, as he presumed that none did 
Mr. JONES. I desire to make a few remarks.
Mr. HARALSON obtained the floor.
Some conversation followed as to the right
thereto.
Mr. HARALSON then proceeded with his re-
marks. He advocated the bill as, in itself, excel-
lent in its provisions. The claims which had grown
out of the war in Mexico were of three or four
classes. Some of these claims were for lands,
and were payable at the Pension Office. Then
there were claims for arrearages of pay, which
were audited and settled at the office of the Sec-
ond Auditor. The claims for the three months'
extra pay under the resolution of 1848, were set-
tled at the Pay Department. On account of the
great press of business in the office of the Second
Auditor, this last branch was taken away from his
office, and was transferred to the Pay Department,
for the purpose of having these claims settled more
expeditiously.
We have been told, sir, by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] that all these claims,
but about ten or twelve thousand, have been set-
tled in the Pay Department, and that those which
still remain unsettled will be transferred to the
Second Auditor. So that this officer will have the
charge of all these unsettled claims, in addition to
the settlement of the three months' extiapay ac-
counts. Now, sir it is very desirable that all
these accounts should be settled by the same offi-
cer. Gentlemen who have charge of these claims
are now subjected to great trouble and inconve-
nience, on account of Ihe great number of claims
and the different offices in which they are to be
adjusted. If all these claims aie settled in one
office, great facility would be given to their ad-
justment, and the convenience of those members
of Congress who have charge of them would be
consulted.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to make this resolution
more perfect. There is one class of claims arising
out of the late war, that for horses lost in the war,
which has been greatly neglected. 1 piopose, sir,
to insert the following as an amendment to this
joint resolution:
" And that so much or the duties of the Third Auditor as
relates to tile settlement ol'cl.ums lor horses and oilier prop-
erty lost in the several wais, shall be transferred hom his
oflice to the oliiee of the Stcond Auditor of" the Treasury."
On this proposition, sir, I propose to make a few
remarks, for the purpose of explanation.
The CHAIR, intimated that the amendment was
not now in oider.
Mr. HARALSON then said that he would,
whenever it was proper to do so, propose this
amendment, and for fear he should not succeed m
obtaining the floor again, he would now make a
few remarks in explanation of his object.
Now, (said Mr. H.,) if my amendment should
be adopted, all these claims will be transferred
from the office of the Third Auditor to the office
of the Second Auditor. In the Third Auditor's
Office, I am sorry to say that there appears but
little chance that they will ever be settled. It will
be sufficient for me to say, that hitherto all these
claims for horses lost in the Mexican War may
be assimilated to the subjects of the tomb—they
have gone "to that bourn from which no traveler
returns." Time after time,theseapplications have
been sent to that Auditor, and, when complaints
have been made of the delay in receiving an an-
swer, the only reply has been, that there is notsuf-
ficient force in the office of the Auditor to examine
these claims. Some of them, I am told, have been
waiting these two years for an adjustment. But
for this delay, which seems to me to be most pro-
tracted and unreasonable, all these claims might
have been long since settled. Many of these
claimants would have been much better off, had
they had no claim on the Government at all, be-
cause the expenses they have been subjected to by
these delays have greatly exceded the value of the
property for which compensation was asked.
Some time since, Mr. Speaker, we were told that
there was not sufficient force in the Third Aud-
itor's Office to bring up the mass of business in
arrear. Application was then made to the House
for an increase of force. The Committee of Ways
and Means reported a provision granting the addi-
tional force which was asked for,and the Congress
adopted the provision. But, notwithstanding this
new force was given to the Auditor, the settle-
ment of these claims does not appear to have pro-
ceeded a whit the more rapidly. I do not wish to
be understood as intending to cast any censure on
this officer. My only object, sir, is to have this
class of claims placed where they may stand the
same chance of being settled as others.
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order, but yielded to
Mr. EWING, who raised the point of order
that the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson]
was not in order.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair has ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Haralson] to be out of order. The House is
now in the House, and not in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It is not in
order, therefore, to discuss the amendment.
Mr. HARALSON. Well, then, I will say
nothing on that branch of the subject, hoping that
I may have an opportunity, when in order, to ex-
plain the amendment. It is, however, in order
for me to say, that it is highly desirable that the
claims should be prosecuted all in the same office,
where they may be expected to be acted upon
with some reasonable promptness.
Mr. JONES remarked, that he had very few
words to say in relation to this joint resolution.
He believed that it proposed simply, that the
Treasury Department should have the settlement
and payment of claims for extra pay of the officers
and soldiers who had served during the war with
Mexico. Then, at the very outset, the title of the
resolution was wrong, because the Treasury De-
partment never had the duty of paying these
claims. The law authorizing the allowance of
extra pay was approved about the 19th of July,
1848, and on the 29th July, a joint resolution
was approved, directing the payments to be made
to the persons interested by the Paymaster's De-
partment. One reason was, that the paymasters
might be ordered to different points in the differ-
ent States, so as to facilitate the payments to the
officers and soldiers within these neighborhoods.
After that, they were all to be paid under the reg-
ulations of the pay department in this place. That
duty had been discharged up to this time. The
claims, whenever presented, had been promptly
paid. The chairman of tne Committee on.Ylili-
tary Affairs said, that only some twelve or thirteen
thousand cases, out of eighty to one hundred thou-
sand, were outstanding, and it was proposed that
these claims should be transferred from the Pay
Department to the office of the Second Auditor of
the Treasury. What would be the effect of this
change ? New regulations would have to be made,
new blanks would have to be printed, new instruc-
tions to be given, new modes of proof would be
required, and thus the whole matter would be
thrown into confusion.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Burt] had said that some of the offi-
cers in the Pay Department would go out if the joint
resolution passed. Jf a law were passed now re-
ducing the number of paymasters, we must still
keep on the Paymaster General's office here, as-
sistant paymasters, &c. The claims would come
in very slow, and would not interfere in the least
with the business of the Paymaster's Department.
Mr. BURT stated that there were now a dep-
uty paymaster general, one paymaster, and four
clerks charged with this special duty, and that
two of these clerks would be discharged, and the
others sent to their appropriate duties, if this joint
resolution should be adopted.
As to the objection aboqt new blanks, &c., he
did not expect that the gentleman would have
made such an argument. He begged also to say,
that the gentleman's exception to the title of the
bill was not valid. The gentleman knew that
three months' extra pay was allowed—and that it
was then the duty of the accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay the claims; and that the act of
1848 devolved that duty from the accounting offi-
cers, upon the Pay Department of the army. He
(Mr. B ) repeated, that the cases which remained
unpaid embraced those of all the deceased soldiers;
and it would be necessary to keep the Pay De-
partment charged with the duty of paying these
claims until, by law, that duty was transferred to
the accounting officers. These cases of deceased
soldiers might be presented at a remote period:
very many of them never would come in: and he
was sure this House, if they would for a moment
look at the question, would see that it was a duty
from which the Pay Department should be dis-
charged, and that it should be turned over to the
present corps of bureau officers who were charged
with the investigation of all similar cases.
Mr. JONES said he thought the gentleman
from South Carolina, by examining the two laws,
would see that but ten days elapsed, from the
passage of the law allowing this three months' ex-
tra pay, to the passage of the law by which the
Pay Department were required to discharge these
services. He would venture to say, then, that
not ten cases of extra pay—perhaps not a solitary
case—had been paid by the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department, but that they had all
been audited and paid by the Pay Department.
Many or nearly all of the cases outstanding, he
thought, would be found to be the cases of persons
who had removed from their former places of resi-
dence to Oregon, California, and other parts of
theUnited States, and whose claims had not, there-
fore, been presented. He could not see the ne-
cessity, as lie had before said, when the cases were
nearly all paid, when the people throughout the
country understood the arrangement, as it now
existed, when the Pay Department was acquainted
with these cases—having audited nearly all of
them, and when that Pay Department must be
kept in existence—of taking them from that de-
partment, and throwing them upon one which was
already overburdened with business.
Mr. EWING briefly supported the bill. He
said that the outstanding claims for extra pay
were comparatively few, and came in only at in-
tervals, perhaps of several days. The officers of
the Pay Department ought to have been re-
lieved of this duty long since, so as to have been
placed at stations where they might be performing
more important duties. It was true, as had been
asserted by his colleague, [Mr. Jones,] that they
did not propose to discharge any of the officers of
the Pay Department from the service of the Gov-
ernment upon the passage of this bill, but they did
propose to diffuse them—-to put them at points
where they would be of service. He alluded to
the fact, that a bill similar to Jhis had previously
been carefully considered by the Military Com-
mittees in both HouS3S, and had been favorably
leported upon.
The advantage of changing the place of auditing
these claims, from the Pay Department to the Sec-
ond Auditor, would be great to the persons who
presented the claims; because, if they were to be
passed upon at one office, one set of proofs would
answer; whereas they were now obliged to pro-
cure two sets of proofs. If the transfer were made,
the claim for regular pay being allowed, the extra
pay would follow as a matter of couise, and no
new or additional proof would be required. He
trusted, therefore, that the House would pass the
resolution.
He concluded by moving the previous question.
Mr. HARALSON appealed to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, to allow htm to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER stated that it would not be in
order for the gentleman from Georgia to offer an
amendment, even if the demand for the previous
