1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1420
question were withdrawn, until the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
should have been disposed of.
Some conversation followed.
The question, being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question, was taken, and the vote
was—ayes 56, noes 25. No quorum.
The question was again taken, (by tellers,) and
the vote was—ayes 51, noes 39—still no quorum.
Mr. DOTY moved that there be a call of the
House.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
He had gone some distance on his way, when—
Mr. D. moved (aquorum being manifestly pres-
ent) that all further proceedings on the call be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
So all further proceedings on the call of the
House were dispensed with.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
There was a second—ayes 67, noes 51.
And the main question (being first on agreeing
to the amendment of Mr. Burt) was ordered to
be now taken.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill and amendment
be laid upon the table.
- The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, without a division.
So the bill and amendment were not laid on the
table.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the amendment of Mr. Burt, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the title of the bill,
by striking out the word " restoring," and insert-
ing " directing;" for (said Mr. J.) the accounting
officers never had the payment of the claims at all.
Mr. CONRAD. How will the title then read ?
The Clerk read the title as it would be if
amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the title, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. BURT moved a reconsideration of the vote
on the passage of the joint resolution, and that that
motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. HARALSON intimated his intention, if
?the motion to reconsider should prevail, to offer
the amendment he had indicated.
The question, " Shall the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table ?" was then taken.
The affirmative vote was 55.
Mr. BURT called for tellers.
The SPEAKER counted the negative vote, and
announced that no quorum had voted.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Peck and
Friecley were appointed.
The question was then again taken, and the
vote stood—ayes 62, noes 54.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the table.
frivate bill.
The act for the relief of Joseph Williams
coming up in order for reference, was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, after a word or
two of explanation, asked that the bill be read
through with a view to be put upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. OTIS moved its reference to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON said he hoped the bill would
be passed. The Government, as he understood,
would lose nothing, and the case was that of a
private who was suffering for the want of the
passage of the bill.
Mr. OTIS adhered to his motion.
Mr. EWING asked that the report of the com-
mittee might be read.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said it
seemed to be a plain case. He thought the bill
ought to be allowed to pass.
Mr. EWING hoped the gentleman from Maine
would withdraw his motion to refer.
Mr. HUNTER inquired of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ewing,] if the effect of the bill
would not be to give two tracts of land for one
certificate?
Mr. EWING replied in the negative, and in a
few words further explained the bill,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania said he
thought the bill had better go to a committee.
The question of reference was taken, and the
vote stood ayes 37, noes 70—no quorum.
Tellers were asked and ordered,
Mr. STANLY inquired of the Speaker, if this
bill had been referred to any committee of this
House ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. EWING said it had been referred to a
committee in the Senate.
The question was again taken, and the vote was—
ayes 53, noes 56—still no quorum.
Mr. DOTY moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES inquired in what condition the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table would be left, in case
the House were now to adjourn?
The SPEAKER replied, that it would not come
up again, under the present suspension of the rules,
until Monday; though it would be in the power of
a majority to reach it in the regular order of busi-
ness at any time.
The ayes and nays were asked and ordered
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HARALSON withdrew the motion.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed it.
The yeas "and nays were again asked and or-
dered.
Tho question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 26, nays 147.
So the House refused to ad journ.
Mr. OTIS now withdrew his motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands, assign-
ing as his reason, that he was induced to do so by
having heard the report of the committee read.
So the question recurred on ordering the bill to
a third reading:.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I thought the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Otis] called for the reading
of the report?
The SPEAKER. Not so. The gentleman re-
ferred to a report which had been fead.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Oh! had been read.
The SPEAKER. Yes.
The question was then taken, and having been
decided in the affirmative—
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. FOWLER moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
JUDICIARY OF OHIO.
The bill from the Senate, entitled " An act to
regulate the terms of the District Court of the
United States for the district of Ohio," was read
a first and second time by its title, with a view to
its commitment.
Mr. SCHENCK said, the hill merely changed
the time of holding the circuit and district courts
of Ohio: he wished the House would pass it with-
out delay.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said it
was a mere alteration of the time of holding the
courts: he hoped the bill would be put upon its
passage.
Mr. ANDERSON moved the following amend-
ment:
" Be it further enacted. That the time of holding the Dis-
trict Court uf the UnitedStales for the Eastern District of
Tennessee, be changed to the 3d Monday of May, instead
of the time now fixed by law."
Mr. SCHENCK appealed to the gentleman
from Tennessee not to press his amendment, on
the ground that—the bill having passed the Sen-
ate if an amendment were adopted it must ne-
cessarily be returned to that body, and further de-
lay would ensue.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, raised the
point that the amendment was not relevant, and
therefore not in order.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order,
and ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved the
previous question.
Mr. JONES inquired if it would be in order to
move a suspension of the rules, to allow his col-
league [Mr. Anderson] to offer his amendment?
The SPEAKER replied that it would not be in
order, as the House were already acting under a
suspension of the rules.
The question, upon seconding the:demand for
the previous question, was taken, agd the votf.
was—ayes 90, noes 12—no quorum.
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hibbarb
and Underbill were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 96, noes 30.
So there was a.second.
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The bill having been read,
The question was stated to be upon its passage.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Speaker
whether the bill was open to amendment?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. FOWLER moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
BRANCH MINT AT MEW YORK.
The bill from the Senate, entitled " An acttoes-
tablish a branch mint of the United States in thp
city of New York, and a branch mint and an
assay office at San Francisco, in California,"
coming up in order, was read by its title with a
view to commitment.
The bill having been twice read by its title,
Mr. BRIGGS moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the tJnion,
and that it be printed.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means; for to that
committee the bill appropriately belongs.
Mr. BRIGGS. I hope that the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will not
prevail. It is known that, at an early period in
the present session, a bill of a simihr character
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. That committee never saw fit to report
it back. Let this bill take a similar direction, and
the great probability is that we shall never hear of
it again. I appeal to its friends on both sides of
the Chamber, to sustain the motion 1 have made
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole oil
the state of the Union. There is an urgent neces-
sity for its passage. It has been sent to us frottt
the Senate, and has been lying here upon the
Speaker's table some five or six weeks. I will
not enter at this time into any discussion. I will
merely express the hope that the motion I have
made will be sustained by the House. And on
that motion I call for the previous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, desired to say a
word.
Mr. BRIGGS adhered to his motion.
Mr. BAYLY hoped he might be permitted to
say a word.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. BRIGGS. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I hope the House will
vote it down. ...
Mr. MOORE, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
to move that there be a call of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. MOORE. 1 make it.
Mr." JONES. I believe a motion to adjourn
will have priority over the motion for a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked, but the call was
withdrawn.
The question on the motion of Mr. Jones was
then taken, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Moore, that there be a call of the House.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand of Mr. Briggs for the previous question.
Mr POTTER asked the Speaker to state what
the question would be.
The SPEAKER. If the demand for the previous
question should be seconded, it will bring the
House, first, to a vote on the motion of reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If that motion should be rejected, the
next question will be on the reference to the
