336
THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb, 12. ••
the Administration, even in time of war, in their
financial measures, he frequently went counter to
them.
Mr. VINTON inquired if he understood the
honorable gentleman from "Virginia to say that he
[Mr. Vinton] had not during the last Congress
proposed to give the Administration all they
asked ?
Mr. BAYLY. Not exactly that. But I recol-
lect that when the Administration asked for a loan,
to carry on the war, the gentleman insisted upon
Treasury notes, and I aided in defeating him.
A Voice: What is the difference ?
Mr. BAYLY. The whole amount of the pre-
mium we received on the loan, or, in other words,
a half of a million of dollars, as the result showed.
I could go further, but I have no desire to do it.
Sir, what evidence have I given of a -partisan
feeling in this matter ? The moment the joint res-
olution came from the Senate, 1 asked and ob-
tained the unanimous consent of the House to have
it read twice and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. If there had been a single
factious person on our side, he could have defeated
it, for it required unanimous consent. It was ob-
tained. What was the joint resolution? it was
one which had passed the Senate unanimously. it
was satisfactory to Whigs and Democrats m that
body. When it passed, Whigs remarked, it was
fair and satisfactory. Yet when it came to us, and
Mr. Meredith represented that he could not get
along with the amount appropriated, I agreed to
an amendment which, according to the statements
then made to us by Mr. Meredith, largely increased
it, and I reported it to this House. Was this
factious opposition*?
Again, when I asked the House to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the bill, 1 did so at the
risk of discourtesy to my friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] and probably would have offended
him if he had not appreciated my motives. When
1 moved the resolution and pressed its passage, to
stop debate, is it not recollected that several of
my personal and political friends remonstrated,
and several gentlemen on this side also com-
plained? Why, then, this admonition to me to
follow the example of the gentleman from Ohio,
when it is very certain I have not faltered out of
it, to say the least?
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, begged to assure
the honorable gentleman and the House, that he
[Mr. K.] had made no charge that the gentle-
man had done anything contrary to the high course
he [Mr. K.] had been recommending. But he
had merely advised the honorable gentleman (if it
was not too presuming in so humble a member)
that, in his opinion, it would tend to the harmony
and comfort of the House, and the promotion of
the interests of the country, if the honorable gen-
tleman should follow the example of his predeces-
sor, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BAYLY. If there was nothing in my
course to justify the reproach implied in the rec-
ommendation to me to follow the example of my
predecessor, when 1 had not fallen short of it to
say the least, why was it made?
Mr- HOUSTON said he rose on his part of
the House, inasmuch as the honorable chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means felt that he
had been arraigned for the course he was pursuing
towards this Administration, to bear testimony to
the fact that the gentleman had exhibited no want
of zeal in the acceleration of his measures in the
House; that the gentleman's effort had been to
secure prompt action upon this joint resolution.
He (Mr. H ) had cooperated with the gentleman,
not only publicly, but with some consultation out
of the House. But, at the same time—he did not
make the charge with any political purpose—he
must say he had found much m the speech which
the honorable chairman had thought proper to
make upon the introduction of this resolution,
which he thought objectionable.
Mr. BAYLY. There has been a concerted effort
made in this House, and out of it, to make the
impression that we desired to embairuss the Ad-
ministration in our action on this bill. Nothing
can be more unfounded. We will take now the
resolution which passed the Senate, with the ap-
probation of the Administration side of it. We
are willing to go beyond it. But because we ore
not disposed to remove all limit to expenditure,
we are denounced. I shall not speak of this as
my feelings prompt me to speak; for I prefer to
school my feelings in this House, rather than to
give vent to them.
Mr. BAYLY, in conclusion, in compliance with
his pledge to Mr* King, renewed, the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GREEN appealed to the gentleman from
New Jersey to withdraw the demand, pledging
himself to renew it.
Mr. KING declined, saying that he did not feel
authorized to comply with the gentleman's request.
Tellers were asked and ordered on the demand
for the previous question; (and Messrs. Evans of
Ohio and McQueen were appointed.)
And the vote having been taken, stood—ayes
103, noes not counted.
So there was a second.
Mr. GREEN asked the yeas and nays on order-
ing the rfiain question; which were refused.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested, as an inquiry, to
the Speaker, whether the only possible effect of
refusing to second the demand for the previous
question would not be to throw the joint resolu-
tion over until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER said, if the House refused to
order the main question, th^Joint resolution would
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. So that the only object is
delay.
The yeas and nays were then refused.
And the question was then taken on the first
branch of the main question, which was on agree-
ing to the amendment of the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. King.]
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GREEN asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
105, nays 93, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Booth, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Brooks,
Burrows, Chester Butler, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell,Oa ey, Chandler,Clark, Chngman, Cole, Conger,
Conrad, Corwin, ]>berry, Dickey. Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedlev, Gentry,
Guiding'*) Goudonow, Gott, Gould, Gunnel], llalloway,
Hampton, Haymnnd, Uebard, Henry, Flilliaid, Houston,
Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Jilme-* L. Johnson, Kerr, Daniel P.
King, George G. King, Jas.G. King, John A. King, P. King,
Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matte^on, MeGaughey, Me-
liissock, It. M. McLane, F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Owen,
Pluemx, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds, Rifley, Rockwell, Root,
Rutnsey, ,Sackett, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander
H.• Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, James Thompson,
J. B. Thompson, Thtnman, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Watkms, white, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—105.
NAYS—Me^rs. Albert^on, Ashe, Avereft, Bay, Ba>ly,
Beale, Bingham, Bis-sell, Bowdou, Bowhn, Boyd, Albeit G.
Brown, Bu<vl. Burt, Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Carter,
Cleveland, Williamson ft. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Dim-
miek, Disney. Duly, Dunham, Ewmg, Featberston, Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Green, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan,
I. G. Harus, S. W. Harris. Thoina> L. Harris Hibbard,
Holhday, Howard, Hubbard, fnge, Amir* w Johnson, Jones,
La S6re, Leiflei, Littlefield, Job Maun, Mat-on, MeCler-
uand, McDonald, McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen, Me-
dueui, MeWillie, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse,
Old-, On, Parker, Pea^lee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Richard-on, itobbms*, Robinson, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon,
Frederu k P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stet-on, Strong,
Sweets. Thomas Jacob Thompson. William Thompson,
Toomb-., Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworth, Wlnt-
tlcse\, Wilmot, Wood, and Young—93.
So the amendment was agreed to.
[Mr. Crowell declined to vote, stating that he
had paired off with the gentleman from Arkansas,
M r. Johnson.]
Mr. KING moved to reconsider the vote and to
lay that motion on the table.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative, the motioaa to reconsider was
laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading.
A brief conversation fallowed on a point of
order between Mr. DISNEYanil the SPEAKER.
[Mr. WIL.DR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.]
The question was then taken and the joint reso-
lution was ordeied to a third reading.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being, 44 Shall this joint resolu-
tion pass?''—
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Then* was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
And the main question, " Shall this joint reso-
lution pass ?" was taken and decided m the affirma-
tive—yeas 110, nays 77—as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Booth, Bowie, Briggs, Brooks William
J. Brown, Burrows,-Chester Butler," Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark, Cole, Conger, Cm win,
Deberry, Dickey, DUney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freed-
ley, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goodenow, Gott, Gouid, Grinnell,
Halloway, Hampton, Iiayinond, He bard. Henry, HilUrd,
Holmes, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Jackson, James L. John-
son, Kerr, Daniel P. Kine, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Preston King, Levin, Horace Mann, Mar-
shall, Matte^on, McGaughey, McKissock, Robert M. Mc-
Lane, FmisE. McLean, Meacham. Moore, Morehead, Mor-
ton, Nelson, Oijie, Otis, Outlaw, Phienu, Pitman, Putnam,
Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rums* >,
Sackett, Sehenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens Timddeus
Stevens, Strong, Svveets«r, Taylor, James Thompson, John
B Thompson, Thurman, UHdeihill, Van Dvke, Vmton,
Watkins, White, Williams, Wilson, and Winthrop—110.
NWS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Bingham, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd. Albert G. Brown, ikiel,
Burt, J. Cable, George Alfred Caldwell, Carter, Cleveland,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Dtmnuck, Dunham, Ed-
mundson, Bwitig, PeaiherMon, Filch, Fuller, Gerrv, Gie^n,
Hamilton, Hailan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hairis, Hibbard. Holliday, Howard,'Hubbard,
Andrew Johnson. Jones Kaufman, La Sere, Leftler, Little-
field", J. Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell,
McLanahan, McQ.u«en, Miller, Millson. Morris, Olds Oir,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robin-
son, Savage, :?awtelle, Seddon, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, William Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wal-
lace, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward,
and Young^-77*
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote, and that that motion be laid
upon the table.
Mr. DISNEY said, that as he proposed to
take some further action on the resolution, and
having no other mode by which he could accom-
plish his object, he would ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. King, and was decided in.the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsidcr was laid on the tabic.
THE ANNUAL MESSAGE, CALIFORNIA, &C.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view to dispose of the President's Mes-
sage. It was important (Mr. B. said) that that
message should be "acted upon.
The motion having been taken and decided in
the affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
resolutions referring to the appropriate committees
the various subjects embraced in the Annual Mes-
sage of the President of the United States.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, was entitled to the
floor. He said he would occupy a very few minutes,
in presenting some views which he .should have
presented the other day, but for the expiration of
his hour.
Having already taken his position against the
President's recommendation of the California con-
stitution, and having expressed his abhorrence of
the whole series of movements, which led to its
adoption by the people in that country, he should
not further allude to the President or Cabinet in
that connection.
A new character had presented himself, as one
of the champions of this new and extraordinary
political movement. He alluded to General Cass,
the late Democratic candidate for the Presidency.
That distinguished gentleman had redeemed his
pledge, and the pledge of his friends, on the sub-
ject of the Wilmot proviso. He had spoken against
it. He had expressed his determination not to
vote for U. With this he was satisfied; he would'
go further, and say, that the speech, so far as it re-
lated to the proviso, challenged his admiration
and excited his gratitude, ft was replete with
sound views, eloquently and happily expressed.
And no one could read it attentively without con-
ceding to its author great ability. If the distin-
guished gentleman had closed his speech with his
argument against the proviso, there would not
have been a man in all the^country more willing
than himself to award him the highest honors.
But the speech was marred by the expression of
ooinions, in its closing paragraphs, to which he
(Mr. B.) and the southern people generally would
