TUT?
1 JjlJlj
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOk THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session. '
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14,1850.
New Series No. 22.
dissent. General Cass had,(if Mr. B. correctly
understood him) avowed his opinion to be, that
the people of the Territories have the right to ex-
clude slavery; and he was understood to sustain
the action of the people jn California in forming a
State government. Against all these parts of the
speech of-General- Cass, he (Mr, B.) entered his
solemn protest. He felt bound to'do this, because
in the late Presidential canvass he had, as the
friend pf freneral Cass, given a different interpre-
tatinrMo his views, as foreshadowed m the Nich-
olson letter. True, he had not done this, without
some misgivings, at first, of its correctness. But
gentlemen nearer the person of General Cass
than himself hail interpreted the Nicholson let-
ter to mean, that when the people of a Ter-
ritory were duly authorized to form a Statp
constitution, they could then admit or exclude
slavery at will, and whether they did the one
. thing or the other wa^ not a matter to be quesr
tioned by Congress. He now conceded, as he had
done in the Presidential canvass, that whenever a
people, duly authorized to form a State constitu-
tion, have exercised this authority and asked ad-
mission into the Union, it is not properly a subject
of inquiry whether their constitution admits or
excludes slayery from the proposed State. But
he understood Gen. Cass as going further than
this—tp the extent of giving to the people of the
Territories the right to exclude slavery during their
-territorial existence, and indeed before government
of any sort had been established by Congress. He
understood the doctrine as advanced by Gen. Cass
to be, that the occupants of the soil where no gov-
ernment existed—as in New Mexico, California,
Deseret, &-c.—had the right to exclude slavery; and
against this doctrine he raised his humble voice;
and though he.might stand alone, without one other
southern jjepresentative to sustain him, he would
protest against it to the last.
In the late Presidential canvass, men of all par-
ties had assailed this doctrine. The Whigs
charged Gen. Cass with entertaining these views,
and the Democrats had vindicated him against the
chffrge. The doctrine was universally denounced
by, men of all parties in the South; and now we
were startled with the,intelligence that Gen. Cass
and Gen, Taylor both approve it. For himself, no
earthly consideration should keep him silent on
such a question. No consideration personal to him-
self—no party ties nor political obligations, should
seal his lips, when Iris country was about to be
betrayed and sacrificed. He had denounced this
doctrine before his constituents, he now denounced
it before the House. He would not consume
time, and prevent other-gentlemen from speaking,
by going into an argument on the subject. He
had felt it due to his own position—to the cause of
truth and justice, to make known at the first con-
venient moment, that what he condemned in Gen.
Taylor he equally condemned in Gen. Cass; and
having done this, he was satisfied.
Mr. INGE next obtained the floor, and said :
I propose to discuss the policy of the Adminis-
tration in reference to the Territories of New
Mexico and California, the constitutional rights of
the South therein, and the probable consequences
of their violation.
Admonished by the.history of this Government,
which is a narrative of aggressions by the North
upon the South—of faith broken and compromises
disregarded in the onward career of power—I do
not feel that it is incumbent upon a southern rep-
resentative to offer any measure for the adjust-
ment' of existing difficulties. X have no more
peace-offerings to lay at the feet of power, to be
indignantly spu/ned. If a returniug sense of jus-
tice should at any time actuate the majority to
propose a settlement consistent with our rights and
honor, they cannot doubt its ready acceptance.
Until that time, the appropriate discharge of my
duty will lead me to expose the devices of fraud,
to resist the assaults of power, and to defend the
South, by whomsoever assailed.
The Message of the Executive distinctly an-
nounces the policy of the Administration. Tli!y
policy has been adopted after the most thorough
m
investigation, and is presented to us as the final
result of long and anxious reflection. Coming
from the highest functionary known to the Consti-
tution of the country, it claims from this House
a candid and dispassionate consideration. The
influence of an executive recommendation is ns-i-
«lly all powerful; like the whistle of Rhoderie
Dhu, it rallies a whole clan to its support. But,
in the present case, ominous signs of discord are
already apparent on the other side of the Ho.use;
and it seems that the present Executive is doomed
to the fate of the unfortunate Actseon, who was
torn to pieces by his, own hounds. Whatever
may be the fate of its author, however, or the
views of members in regard to the details of .the
policy suggested, a majority of this House will
concur in its most important recommendation. .
This message changes the-aspect of a sectional
question; it supersedes an old issue and presents
a new one. The " Wilmot proviso" is no longer
the question .of the day; it has given place to the
"California proviso," which is presented to this
House and the country with the unqualified en-
dorsement of the Executive. It is important that
the people interested should be advised of this
change and the motives which prompted it. The
open defiance of the South to the "Wilmot pro-
viso," and the sternly expressed determination to
resist it " at all hazards and to the last extremity,"
have awakened the Union-loving propensities of
this Administration and its northern supporters.
The representatives of the North, with the excep-
tion of a few "distinctive free-soilers," are willing
to abandon—nay, have already abandoned—the
" Wilmot proviso," and all are coming in unbro-
ken phalanx to the support of the Executive recom-
mendation; believing the South will resist the
Wilmot proviso, with characteristicdiscretion they
recede. On the other hand, the South are not
i committed again3t the present admission of Cali-
fornia as a State, and it is believed that, with the
whole power of this Administration exerted in its
favor, and by an.invocation to the party prejudices
ofourpeople,the Administration party everywhere
will support that measure; and thus, by a division
of our strength, (which was irresistible when
united against the Wilmot proviso,) the South will
be powerless, and submission to the California
proviso inevitable, lam for the union of the South,
in support of the Constitution and of the rights
which descended to us by inheritance; but there
is only one basis of union for southern men—op-
position to the declared policy of the present Ad-
ministration, which seeks to build up an imperish-
able power upon the ruins of the Constitution and
the South.
No argument is necessary to show the identity
of these two measures. The Wilmot proviso
excludes the citizens of the South, with their prop-
erty, from emigrating to the Terntories.-of the
Union, and appropriates the .common property
of the several sovereignties composing the Union
to the exclusive use and occupation of the people
of the non-slaveholding States, and is enacted by
Congress primarily. , The California proviso is
the same thing, literally and in substance, incor-
porated into a so-called constitution, and Con-
gress is recommended, by the present admission
of California, to enact it secondarily. The mes-
sage clearly assumes that the people of the slave-
holding States have no rights in these Territories,
and recommends the latter measure, from obvi-
ous reasons of political expediency, as the pref-
erable mode of exclusion. In the opinion of the
Administration, the question now is, not whether
the South shall be excluded, but in what manner
it shall be done. I must be permitted to decline
the discussion of a false issue ; to insist upon my
right to be heard upon the merits of this ques-
tion ; and to protest, in the name of the south-
ern people, against this prejudgment of their
claims.
The origin of this policy'may be seen in the
movements of General Riley early in the pre-
ceding year. His first act was the issuance of a
proclamation declaring the Mexican law to be in
force ; laying off the country into districts, arid
calling upon the transient adventurers, who had
been -lured thither to elect delegates to assemble
in convention for the formation of a constitution,
preparatory to its admission as a State into, the
Union. But Riley is a plain, blunt old soldier,
more competent to the work of demolishing than
of organizing communities; and none know bet-
ter than the present Executive that military and
civic greatness are not always inseparable. To
eopsummate the designs of the cabinet, secundem
artemi Mr. King, then a member of Congress
elect from Georgia, was instructed to follow Gen.
Riley. The message informs us that—
" With a view to the faithful execution of the treaty, so
far as lay in the power of the Executive, anil to enable
Congress to act at the present session with as full knowl-
edge and as little-difficulty as possible on all' matters of in-
terest in the^e Territories, I sent the Hon. Thomas Butler
King as bearer of dispatches to California, and certain offi-
cers to California and NTew Mexico, whose duties are par-
ticularly defined in the accompanying letters of instruction
addressed to them severally by the proper department."
The accompanying letter of Mr. Crawford
states: * ...
"You are fully possessed gf the President's views, and
can with propriety suggest to the people of California the
adoption of measure* best calculated to give them effect."
If any, doubt exist that the initiatory proceed-
ings of Riley were approved by the Cabinet, or
that he only did what King was authorized to do
by the carte blanche of Mr, Clayton, I need only
refer to the extracts read by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Seddon]—the first from the com-
mander of the Pacific station, as follows:
"The steamer Edith has been sent to Mazatlan for the
necessary intelligence, and,on her arrival with information
that no other than a revenue Jaw had been passed, General
Riley issued a proclamation for the election of the neces-
sary executive and judicial officers under the existing laws,
and recommending, at the same time, the election of dele-
gates to a convention to form a State constitution, Mr.
King arrived at the time these jiroclamations tcere about beiftg
issued, and it was matter of great congratulation that the
Government, by anticipation, had approved of the latter
measure. Every means will he used to,give tiie people of
California an opportunity of expressing their wishes on this
point, and of bringing the matters to a happy conclusion."
The second from a dispatch of the Secretary of
War to General Riley, dated August 24th, 1849:
" Wu Department, *&ugu$t 24, 1849.
11 In view of the exercise of the most important political
ri*ht which appertains to the people of California—that of
forming a constitution and asking-admission into the Union
of these States—this Department, has- watched with great
care and solicitude the steps already taken' to effect these
objects. Kegardingyour proclamation of the 3d Junes?ast
as a notice intended in part to reftder popular action uni-
form-In respect to the desired organization into a more per-
fect government, it is seen, with great satisfaction, thatyour
propositions had been accepted with great chuerlulnet* and
alacrity, except in few instances, where it is supposed self-
ish and unpatiiotic motives prevailed.
"GEO. W. CRAWFORD,
"Secretary of War.
" Brevet Brig. Gen. JliLEf,
/ "Monterey, California."
But, as more conclusive than all else, I refer to
the following extract from the proclamation itself:
"The method here indicated to attain what desired by
all, viz. a more perfect political organization, U deemed
the most direct and safe that can be adopted, and one fully
authorized by law. It is the course advised by the Fr&idcnt
and bu the Secretaries of State atvl of War of the United
States, and is calculated to avoid the innumerable evils
which must necessarily result from any attempt at illegal
local legislation. Lt is.therefore hoped that it will meet-tbe
approbation of the people of California, and that all good
Citizens will unite in carrying it into execution.
« Given at Monterey, California, this 3d day of June, A.
D 1849 "■'E'kr,
'' " Bt. Briff. Gen. U. S A., and Gov.of California.
"Official: H. VY.IKi.leck,
" Bt. Capt. and S'y or State." .
The verbal and confidential instructions given to
Mr King are not imparted in; the message; but
they can be ascertained with facility and certainty
hv looking; to his acts ajid declarations, which are
presumed to accoid therewith. 1 he pregnant sen-
tence last quoted evidently refers to "views not
exoressed in the written instructions, and winch
the Administration deemed it expedient to reserve
as a part of the hidden history of this transaction.
From various sources, official and unofficial, we
are advised that Mr. King approved of the plan
of operations originated in the proclamation of
General Riley, urged on their rapid execution, and
