338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
in a few months after his arrival in California, the
transient adventurers in San Francisco and its
neighborhood elected delegates, in conformity with
the"requirements of this proclamation, who speed-
ily thereafter assembled in convention and adopt-
ed the constitution, which the President says, " I
earnestly recommend may receive the sanction of
Congress."
We have strong reasons to believe that the
" proviso" incorporated into this constitution was
approved by Mr. King, who waff understood to
■>peak by authority of the Administration, in sup-
port of its views, and Who could " with propriety
suggest to the people of California the adoption of
treasures best calculated to give them effect.''
But this is of little importance in measuring the
responsibility of the Cabinet. The constitution of
California has been published by the press of the
country, and is accessible to all. The Cabinet have
duly considered its provisions. They know that a
few thousand transient adventurers, allured by the
auri sacra-fames, from every quarter of the globe,
to the shores of San Francisco and the Sacramen-
to, have, without the authority of Congress, elect-
ed delegates to a convention; which convention
has defined the limits of a State, extending through
ten degrees of latitude on the Pacific, with an area
sufficient for half a dozen States of the first mag-
nitude, and embracing all that is valuable for mi-
ning, commercial, or agricultural purposes within
the'Territory of California. And after an asser-
tion of sovereignty over this national acquisition
—less justifiable than the decrecs of Cortes in the
palace'of Montezuma, or the legislation of Pizarro
upon the fallen throne of the Incas—the conven
tion adopted a fundamental clause, forever exclu-
ding the people of the South from its occupancy.
With a full knowledge of the adoption of the sla-
very restriction in the constitution of California,
the President " earnestly recommends that it may
receive the sanction of Congress." -
The message argues in support of the restriction
as follows:
" In advising an early application by tile people of these
Territories tor admission as States, T was actuated princi-
pally by an earnest desne to art'ord to tlie wisdom and pa-
triotism ot' Congress the opportunity of avoiding occasions
of bitter and angiy dissensions among tlie people of the
United States.
" Under the Constitution, every State has the right of es-
tablishing, and fiom time to nine altering, its municipal
laws and"domestic institutions, independently of every otliei
State ol the General Government, subject-only to the prohi-
bitions and guaiantees expressly set forth in the Constitution
of the United States."
Lest the passage of the " Wilmot proviso " by
Congress might occasion "bitter and angry dis-
sensions among the people of the United States,"
the Californians were advised to adopt it. Their
rHitto do so is considered unquestionable, because
"every State has the right of establishing, and from
time to time to altering, its municipal laws and do-
mestic institutions." The first statement assumes
that the southern people only object to a certain form
of exclusion, and will acquiesce in every other
that the Cabinet may suggest and the Californians
adopt; the second, that California is a Slate with full
sovereignty,when in fact it lias not yet been ad vanced
to the rank of a territorial dependency of the Union.
When the people of California, after a suitable
period of territorial tutelage, and m pursuance of
an act of Congress, assemble in convention to
adopt a constitution,they will possess the power,
"under the general principles of the Constitution,"
to determine their own domestic institutions. Bui
the scheme to exclude the people of half the States
of this Confederacy by the present population now
roaming over that Territory is in conflict with the
whole spirit of the Constitution, and ought not
' to leceive the sanction of Congress."
From nil the facts disclosed, it appears that the
present Cjtfite organization of California is the mere
creature of a Cabinet intrigue, designed to relieve
the present Executive from either an approval or
a veto of the Wilmot proviso. I have no hesita-
tion in asserting, that the policy recommended is
more obnoxious to the South than the measure it
was intended to supersede. The Wilmot proviso
is a bold and open exercise of power by the Con-
gress of the United States, which has the admitted
right to legislate for the territories, subject to the
restraints of the Constitution; while the people
who have assumed to incorporate the same proviso
into the constitution of California have no color of
authority to legislate for any purpose or to the
most limited extent.
The several States composing this Confedera-
tion acquired an indefeasible title to the Territo-
ries of California and New Mexico by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the ratifications of which
were exchanged on the 30th of May, 1848. The
several States, or the people thereof, became joint
tenants of this common domain, entitled to equal
rights therein, which the Federal Government, as
the agent of all, is under the highest obligation to
protect. In accordance with this obligation, it
devolved on the last Congress to extend over it
territorial governments, which would invite the
emigration of American citizens, with their prop-
erty of every description, Irom every section of
the Union. But the prevailing conflict of opinions
and passions was fatal to harmonious action. Con-
gress expireil without the exercise of its legitimate
authority over the Territories, leaving them sub-
ject to the Constitution of the United States,
which is " the supreme law of the land-," to the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, £< made under the
authority of the United States;" and to the local
laws of the Territory, as they existed at the con-
clusion of the treaty, regulating the relations of
the inhabitants with each other, not in conflict
with either the Constitution or the treaty. The
termination of the war left a government de facto
in full operation, competent to administer the
laws, until a more effective government could be
provided by Congress. Upon that subject, Mr.
Buchanan says :
" In the mean time, the condition of the people of Cali-
fornia is anomalous, and will require on their part the exer
cise of great prudence and discretion. By the conclusion of
the treaty of peace,tne military gov eminent which was es
Uhlisbed oviu* tlfin. undpr tin1 laws of war, a* recognized
by the practice of all civilized nations, has ceased to deuve
its authority from this source of power. But is there, for
this leason, no government in California? Arc life, libertv,
and property under th*> protection of no existing authorities?
This would be a smgtilai phenomenon in the face ot the
world, and especially amone Aiueuc.in citizen^ distin-
guished as they are above all other people fur their law-
abiding charactct. Fortunately, they aie not reduced to
this sad condition. The termination o! the war lett an ex-
isting government—a yovernnient de faUo—m full opera-
tion ; and this will continue, with the pie-umeil consent of
the people, until Congiess >ha!l provide for them a territo-
rial government. The great law ot n<>ce>Mty justifies this
conclusion. The consent of the people is irros-i->tibly infci red
frrnri the fact that no civilized community could possibly
defirc to abrogate an existing govctnment, when the alter-
native presented would be to place themM-lves in a state of
anarchy, beyond the protection of all laws,and reduce them
to the unhappy necessity of submitting to the dominion of
the strongest."
This was the condition of California and New
Mexico when the present Administration succeed-
ed to office, on the 4th of March last.
I now procecd to inquire, what were the duties
of the Executive in relation to these territories t
Under our form of government, the President pos-
sesses neither legislative nor judicial power. The
Constitution distinctly defines the several depart-
ments and the appropriate functions of each, vest-
ing in the President powers purely executive:
" The executive power <hall be vested in a President of
the United £taU>- of Atnmca."
" The President ^hal! be commander-m-chiet oi the army
and riavv of the United Statrv."
«jfo shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed."
We have seen that a government de facto was in
operation, with full capacity for the preservation
of order and the efficient administration of the
laws. It was his duty, to the extent of his power,
to maintain the existing Government until Con-
gress exerted its paramount power to abrogate it,
and to 44 take care that the laws he faithfully
executed." The Constitution was " the supreme
law of the land-," and if it had been faithfully
executed—if the great principle which it embodies
of equal rights to all the citizens of the several
States of this confederacy had been recognized and
enforced in that territory—a slaveholding people
would now and forever hereafter control its politi-
cal destiny. But, instead of sustaining the govern-
ment de facto, the first movement of the Adminis-
tration was to send out an emissary to instigate its
overthrow. Instead of taking care " that the laws
be faithfully executed," the Constitution, which is
"the supreme law of tlie land," has been con-
temptuously disregarded, and the civil code of a
brevet brigadier general recognizcd as "the su-
preme law of thejand." Instead of awaiting the
action of Congress, the only law-making power
of the Government, the Cabinet usurps the power
of legislation; and, not being itself of easy locomo-
tion, does the work by proxy. The task of giving
a government to California, which, at the last ses-
sion, 230 members of Congress found it impossible
to perform, is readily done by a single member,
under a deputation from the Cabinet. Verily, Mr.
King has discovered that there is more potency in
a Cabinet authorization than in a commission de-
rived from seventy thousand freemen of Georgia;
thst it is better to serve one than many masters.
If the past history of our country had furnished
no precedents to guide the Administration, its
interference in the" affairs of California would
excite less surprise, and might be charitably
imputed to a misconception of its powers. But
at least two cases—strictly analogous—are in-
delibly impressed upon our records: one (the ac-
quisition of Louisiana) under the administration
of Mr. Jefferson, in 1803; the other (the acqui-
sition of Florida) under that of Mr. Monroe, in
1820—both of the first magnitude in their day.
entitled no\V to the highest importance as prece-
dents, because their consideration elicited all the
wisdom and virture of their respective eras, and,
more than at], because they were established under
the administration of " our earlier Presidents," in
the purer and better days of the republic. Both were
acquisitions of territory from foreign Powers, set-
tled by a foreign population, and acquired by a
treaty of cession as in the present case, and were
subject to the same laws, viz: the Constitution of
the United States, the treaties of cessions, and the
private local laws, not m conflict witheithei. Ditl
Mr. Jefferson send a political emissary to Louisi-
ana to advise the contented Creoles, numbering
about 90,000, to rise up in defiance of the powers
of Congress, and establish a revolutionary govern-
ment subversive of the government de Jacto ? If
they had done so, would he have " earnestly re-
commended "to Congress the immediate admission
of that immense territory, containing an area of
more than 1,100,000 square miles, as one State
into this Union ? On the contrary, Mr. Jefferson
called Congress together on the 17th of October,
1803, three weeks earlier than the day fixed by
the preceding Congress, and submitted the country
to its jurisdiction.
A similar policy was pursued by Mr. Monroe,
who followed the illustrious example of Jefferson -,
from which the present Cabinet, though^ledged to
imitate our " earlier Presidents," hasjjeen the first
to depart. I repeat, "the first to depart, not-
withstanding the inferences which may be drawn
from the following sentence of the message:
" It is understood that the people or the western part of
California have formed a plan ot a Suite constitution, aud
will soon submit tlie same to tlie judgment of Congress,
and apply for admission as a State. This course on their
part, though ill accordance with, was not adopted exclu-
sively in consequence of, any expression of lny wishes, ln-
amiucl. as measures tending to this end had been promoted
by the officers sent there by my predecessor, and were al-
leady 111 active pro<nj>ss of execution before any communi-
cation from me reached California."
Very true. Riley was sent to California by the
preceding Administration; but his proclamation
was not issued until the arrival of King, and it
was ascertained that the present government had,
" by anticipation," approved of that measure. If
King's instructions had conflicted with Riley s
programme of organization, of course the procla-
mation would have been suppressed; for King was
at once recognized by the public functionaries in
that distant province as the bearer of the Sultan s
firman, from whom there was no appeal, and no
alternative but obedience or the bow-string. The
present Cabinet dare not make the charge directly
that Mr. Polk gave countenance to the scheme
which has been so successfully carried out under
their administration. They can only venture to
say that measures tending that way had been pro-
moted by officers sent there by Mr. Polk, from
which some may draw the inference that he ap-
proved the course adopted by his own subordi-
nates. if made directly or inferentially, I should
feel authorized, from an examination of the sub-
ject, to regard it as a craven aspersion of the char-
acter of that eminent statesman, whose fame is
now the fame of his country, of which you, and I,
and all of us are the guardians.
In his annual message of December 25th, 1848,
; the last official communication embracing this sub-
! ject, we find his views stated with the dignity and
1 "independence befitting the importance of the subject
and his high official station. Unused to equivoca-
tion and untramelled by the restraints of political
expediency, his opinion on the subject of the Wil-
l mot proviso were proclaimed to Congress, with
] the notification that its enactment would be resisted
