1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJLOfifi.
by the presidential veto. At the same time, he
urged that it was " the solemn duty of Congress
to provide, with the least practicable delay, for
New Mexico and California, regularly organized
territorial governments." Congress was further
admonished of the danger of delay, and earnestly
invoked, for the sake of the Union, "to adjust at
its present session this, the on! v dangerous question
which lies in our path."
These recommendations are too plain to be mis-
taken or misrepresented, and are, in effect, a dis-
claimer on the. part of the Executive of legislative
power, and a reference of the subject to Congress
for its adjustment; they are a condemnation "by
anticipation" of the proceedings of Riley and
King, and an unanswerable refutation of the views
of the present Cabinet. The whole policy of
President Polk may be summed up in a few
words—the immediate adjustment of this question by
Congress without the Wilmot proviso. This was
announced in his first message after the acquisi-
tion of those territories, with singular felicity and
power, and reiterated in each succeeding one with
an earnestness of feeling and a force of argument
which increased with the imminence of the dan-
ger. A recurrence to the action of the late Ex-
ecutive is gratifying to his friends. He did not
look for the rules of his conduct to selfish expe-
diency, but to the unchanging principles of the
Constitution. He did not rely upon a conceal-
ment of his opinions for the success of -his Ad-
ministration, but upon a thorough understanding
of himself, his motives, and *is principles, by the
great mass of his countrymen. It was his char-
acteristic to meet danger with heroism, and to
grapple with the passions and prejudices hostile
to the Constitution and the Union, and overpower
them by the irresistible force of truth. In vivid
and sublime contrast with his successors, he
sought safety neither in a concealment of opinion
or postponement of action. I am happy to be-
lieve that his countrymen, forgetful of past party
divisions, are now paying to his memory the
tribute of their admiration and gratitude; that his
posthumous fame is undarkened by the mists
which surrounded its morning beams.
An Administration which shuns responsibility,
practises concealment, and resorts to the cunning
devices of political expediency, cannot long sur-
vive the public contempt. The present one, not
yet a year old, wears the aspect of effete and
imbecile senility. In the hour of its conception,
the seeds of death were planted in the heart of the
embiyo, and the throes and agonies of its partu-
rition were unmistakable evidences that they had
germinated and would speedily fructify into a har-
vest of death. The living principle of popular
support no longer gives sustenance to its tottering
decrepitude. Its recommendation of inaction, in
reference to the question which of all others de-
mands immediate action, springs from a conscious-
ness of weakness, and is the wail of the sick old
man, who begs for repose when the deepening
shades of eternal night are closing around him.
But the hiss of human passions by this querulous
appeal cannot be hushed. Events roll on, casting
their lengthened shadows before them, threaten-
ing, in their unchecked course, the destruction of
the Constitution and the Union.
I trust that the remarks I have felt constrained
by a sense of duty to make, touching the proposed
policy of the Administration, will in no degree be
attributed to partisan opposition. My object is to
discuss the question of the rights of the South in
the Territories of California and New Mexico, its
piesentj aspect—to show that the " Wilmot pro-
viso" has been supeiseded by the Executive re-
commendation, which the South may and will
defeat, if they meet it with firm, united, and de-
termined resistance. Regarding this as a practical
question, I shall insist not only upon the abstract
right, but the actual usufruct of the South in this
common property; and I acknowledge no party
obligations which can restrain me in demanding
both. No dangers which threaten the dissolution
of parties or of the Union are terrible enough to
justify a further sacrifice on our part. I appeal to
'the Constitution, and demand for my section the
right to carry negro slaves upon the land of which
they are joint tenants. To those who are disposed
to resist my views, I commend a more attentive
reading of that instrument. They will find that
it not only guaranties slavery where it exists, but
provides for its extension. In the States where
809
slaves existed, they were made the basis of appor-
tionment and taxation, thereby contributing ftvo
of the great elements necessary to republican
government, viz.: representation to express its
voice, and money for its support.
To extend the institution indefinitely, it prohib-
ited the passage of any law to stop the importation
of slaves from Africa, and elsewhere, prior to the
year 1808. Another clause, with a view to its per-
petuation forever, provides for the recapture of
fugitives who escape to non-slaveholding States.
Notwithstanding these plain stipulations between
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States, con-
stituting the essential, vital provisions of the Con-
stitution, without which all,, admit the Confedera-
tion coul'd not have been formed, we are cantingly
told that "slavery is a sin, and the North is op-
posed to its extension." "We, the philanthro-
pists of this day, are better than the sages and he-
rocs, purified by the trials of the Revolution and
covered with its glories, who assembled in the old
hall of the Confederation in 1787." I have no re-
ply to make to these pharisaical pretensions; they
are beneath contempt. I am content with the re-
ligion of the Bible, and the Constitution of our
fathers, uncorrupted by the comments of the pseudo
moralists and statesmen who now shed their cor-
uscations upon us. I shall certainly not conde-
scend to reply to the puling sophistry upon this
subject, so oi'ten heard in this House. Were I
disposed to argue the question of slavery, with-
out reference to the Constitution, in all its rela-
tions, religious, moral, social, and political,
no fear of its successful vindication would
restrain me. It would seem to be profanation to
j call an institution of society irreligious or immoral,
i which is expressly and repeatedly sanctioned by
the word of God; which existed in the tents of
the patriarchs, and m the households of His own
chosen people; and a perversion of the truth of
history to denounce that institution a3 a social or
political evil, which existed in all the free States of
antiquity, and is inseparably connected with the
arts and arms, the science and literature, the paint-
ing and statuary of Greece and Rome—upon which
was erected a civilization which lit up the ancient
world, and now illumines our own! Eut in our
country we have the most striking and brilliant
illustrations of the benefits of slavery, in the vast
areas redeemed from the wilderness, where malaria
forbade the emigration of whites, and which now
teem with the production of .southern staples; in
the large amount of valuable exports, the product
of slave labor, which freight the keels of commerce
to every harbor of the world, and bring in return
imports of corresponding value; in the individual
prosperity and happiness of our people, without
example in any other social organization; in our
political stability, where no armed police is neces-
sary for the suppression of mobs, and the mace of
the civil magistrate is omnipotent.
But I cannot pursue these general reflections,
which are out of place when uttered here. Our
right on each side grew out of the Constitution,
and I am willing to abide by its stipulations and
compromises without re-opening for controversy
questions which were definitively settled by its
adoption. Slavery being recognized by the Con-
stitution, and provision made for its perpetuation
and extension in the clauses referred to, I consider
all the parties to it, according to every known
principle of legal construction, as estopped by the
record from assailing it by word or act.
The people of the North could with much more
propriety assail any other species of property held
under the municipal laws of the several States;
for, with two exceptions, viz: the right of property
in negro slaves, and the exclusive right of authors
and inventors " to their respective writings and
discoveries," the Constitution does not recognize
the private rights of property, nor stipulate for
their protection, but leaves them as they existed
under the municipal laws. It results that we have
a double protection: the municipal laws of the sev-
eral States, and the express stipulations of the
Constitution. Slaves were regarded as a kind of
property entitled to special and peculiar favor, and
were therefore singled out by the Constitution
from the mass of other property.—invested with
higher dignity and guarded with greater security:
too precious to be intrusted solely to State laws,
the Constitution has thrown its own protecting
ffigis around it. •
Upon all these points, however, northern rep-
resentatives pretend to differ with us, and insist
upon the right (o exclude the Sbuth-from the
common property. It remains to-be seen whether
the South will meet the "California proviso"
with resistance, " at every hazard and to-the last
extremity," as she did the " Wilmot proviso."
I am unwilling to live under the Union without
the Constitution; the North cannot live and flour-
ish without the Union. Muph as they hate slavery,
they love the Union more, and are willing to go
no further in their ae-gressions than is consistent
with its duration. This is strikingly illustrated
in the history of the "Wilmot proviso."
Upon the first introduction of that measure in
the 29th Congress, it received the sanction of this
House, as it did at every succeeding ssssion until
the present. Within a few days' past.it has bfeen
laid upon the table by the votes of tliosc known
to be pledged to the exclusion of slavery from
every foot of the common domain. This is a move-
ment to elude southern resistance and save the
Union. They clung with iron tenacity to this
favorite measure, until convinced that the choice
was between the proviso and Union; and then,
true to their instincts, they chose theiatter. But
the South has not gained the battle. The enemy
has only changed front, to wheel into line, and
renew the assault. Our only safety now is in
standing to our arms.
They have deposed their old leaders—Hale,
Seward and Giddings—and rallied under the ban-
ner of "the hero that never surrenders." Upon
that banner is inscribed, " the Union without the
Constitution." As the Roundheads of Cromwell,
when they charged the foe, were ordered to sing'
hosannas 10 the King of Hosts, they shout ho-
samias to "the Union,"'and for the same rea-
sons. They know it is a word of inspiration to
every American citizen, calling up memories full
of glory and grandeur—a word of idolatrous wor-
ship, engraven upon the altar of our political tem-
ple. As the Persians fall prostrate before the rising
sun, so we are expected to bow to the omnipo-
tence of a word. 1 greatly mistake the character
af our people, and underrate their intelligence,
if a recollection of past glories can make them
insensible to present shame. Not all the pres-
tige which clusters around the brow of the mili-
tary hero, nor the charmed sway of the word
" Union," can lull the people of the South into
submission. The wrongs practised under this
Union have induced them to reflect upon its op-
erations, and to inquire whether, in the course of
events, its dissolution would be promotive of
their security and happiness or otherwise. With-
out extinguishing the love of the South for the
Union, these reflections have led to the opinion
that we have within ourselves all the elements of
wealth, prosperity and national power, which,
under a separate confederation, would be devel-
oped with unexampled rapidity.
With a territory of more than eight hundred
thousand square miles, and a population of nine
millions, we would at least be more respectable in
dimensions and numbers than were our ancestora
of 177G, at the commencement of the revolutionary
contest, and, if the worst calamity resulted from a
dissolution, would not have a sturdier foe to en-
counter nor a more protracted triumph over op-
pression. But there would be no cause of war, in
the event of separation: as our northern neighbors
would be no longer responsible for the " sin of
slavery," of course they would let us alone, in our
harmless pursuit of happiness and prosperity. Our
policy would not induce us to have much connec-
tion with them. ?vlanufacturing skill is more ad-
vanced and labor cheaper in Old than in New Eng-
land; and the latter would be consequently relieved
from the manufacture annually of 500,000 bags of
southern cotton, as a direct communication would
immediately spring up between our southern ports
and Europe; the coastwise trade would be meas-
urably broken up, and we would no longer have
need of northern bottoms. Our exports aie now
about double those of the North, and out imports
should correspond; but they do not average much
more than one-fourth. The explanation of this is,
that our imports do not now return to us directly,
but much the larger portion reach us indirectly
through the ports of the North, and are there
taxed'with the onerous profits of capitalists, im-
porters, merchants, ship-owners, and others, who
thus mainly subsist upon southern labor.
This unnatural course of trad® is one of the ef-
