1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MSB
tribute from a Hungarian exile to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and especially to the
late President. The chirography of the work is
a literary curiosity. It is written in fourteen dif-
ferent languages by the pen, and with a degree of
beautiful execution that I have never seen equalled
before. Not being able to read many of the lan-
guages in which it is written, I must rely upon the
opinion of others who are much more competent,
if not entirely competent to decide, when I say
that the idiom of each language has been preserved,
and that the tribute in each of these languages
is presented in the idiomatic expressions of each.
It is written in the Swedish by Miss Bremer, with
an English introduction; in the Prussian,Hebrew,
German, Chaldic, French, Wallachian, Syriac,
Sclavonian, Arabian, Armenian, Hungarian, and
Dutch. In all these languages the warm heart of
one who has beerT the historian of the struggles
of his own country in its recent revolutionary at-
tempts, Dr. Tabor Naphegaji, is beautifully pre-
sented. First, I will read the dedication in our
own language:
"Dedicated to the people of America, the great Republic,
the refuge of' the oppressed of all countries: and the Hun-
garian come-? with the voice of fourteen people to mingle,
as it were, their lamentations with hers at the death of
Zachary TaUor, the patriot, the statesman, and the soldier.
The voice of Hungary is the voice of an exile amidst the
weeping of a nation."
This in our language presents a feeling which
is idiomatically presented in thirteen others by
this exile, who, flying from the oppression of his
own country, after having borne arms for its re-
dress, receives a welcome in this land, which he
pathetically styles the " refuge of the oppressed
of all countries.'1 He received a cheering welcome
from the late President of the United States, and a
feeling of gratitude inspires him, and is manifested
in the preparation of this beautiful address. He
has requested me to present it to the Senate as a
tribute to the people of the United States and the
memory of their late Chief Magistrate. To carry
out what must have been the design of the donor,
1 move, in presenting it to the Senate, to refer the
presentation to the Committee on the Library, to
take such action thereon as the committee may
deem best.
The presentation was accordingly so referred.
PROCEEDINGS OF A PUBLIC MEETING.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave to present to the
Senate the proceedings of a meeting numerously
attended by the most respectable citizens of Mata-
gorda county, in Texas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the document
addressed to the Senate?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, it is not; but I ask
leave to present it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope leave will be granted.
Mr. HALE. I hope the rules will be enforced,
as they were the other day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot be
received, if objection is made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, if the gentleman
was aware of the character of this memorial, he
would not object to it. 1 presume he would not.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdraw his objection. 1 do
think it is not right to refuse to allow the people to
be heard.here. I hope the Senator will withdraw
his objection. His cause and mine will lose noth-
ing by it.
Mr. HALE. I did not calculate whether I was
to make or lose by it. The Chair indicated that
he should enforce the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He intends to
do it.
Mr. HALE. And I was disposed, so far as an
humble individual can, to sustain the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 did not understand that it
was contrary to the rules to present this document,
if consent was given. It is the first time such pro-
ceedings have been presented in this Chamber by
the Senators fromTexas,and I hope gentlemen will
allow them to be presented.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if no objection
is made, they will be received.
There being no objection, the proceedings were
read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, were I not ac-
quainted with the character of the individuals who
controlled, or that presided at this meeting, or those
associated with them in the highest position there,
I might be disposed to regard itas animmedtateebul-
lition of feeling, and that it would pass off without
anything but a transitory excitement. Being ac-
quainted with the individuals, and their high stand-
ing in the community, when Texas was a Repub-
lic—occupying then the place of national Senators,
and of high reputation for character, wealth, ac-
tivity, and intelligence—I feel bound to regard this
as a matter of solemn import, indicating no ordi-
nary state of feeling in Texas. And it is a matter
of pride and gratulation to me, that in view of the
flagrant outrage which has been committed against
the rights of that State, good temper and an ami-
cable disposition seem to obtain; that there is no
disloyalty to the Union, or reflection upon the con-
stitutional action of thisGovernment. It is, I say,
sir, a matter of gratulation and satisfaction to me
that no intemperate remarks are here used, no
menaces implied, no threat of resistance beyond
what absolute necessity has forced upon them.
But that the purpose here indicated will be carried
through, unless some adjustment be made to place
Texas right, and reinstate her in full possession
of all that she constitutionally claims, you may
rely; and that action,positive,decisive,and earnest,
will be pursued by that State, in repelling the ag-
gression that has been so wantonly committed
upon her rights. I will not occupy the time of the
Senate, Mr President, by remarks this morning,
as important matters are to come before us, in-
volving in part this very subject; but I hope it will
not escape the consideration of the Senate. 1 move
that the memorial be printed.
The proceedings were laid upon the table, and
the question of printing was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. „
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CASS. I gave notice on Saturday that I
should this day call up the resolution relating to the
exercise of rmiitarv authority by civil officers; but
I have been requested to postpone the subject, and
I give notice that I shall ask to take it up to-mor-
row, when the Senator from Texas will offer some
remarks on the subject.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
report of the Secretary of the Interior, showing the
auantity of land sold, the amount of money re-
ceived therefor, and the amount of incidental ex-
penses thereon for the years l847-1B-'9, with the
quantities remaining unsold the 3lst December,
1849, reported in favor of printing the same; which
was agreed to.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to limit the
term of office of the three assistant Postmasters
General; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
[This bill provides that, after the passage of the
act, the Postmasters General authorized by law
shall be appointed by the President of the United
States, by and with the advice of the Senate, for
the term of four years, but shall be removable at
the pleasure of the President, with a proviso that
the commissions qf the present incumbents, unless
vacated by removal, or otherwise, shall expire
with the 3d day of March, 1853.]
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some early day thereafter, ask leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of Ebenezer Du-
mont.
THE PREVIOUS QUESTION IN THE SENATE.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of his intention
to introduce a resolution to change the rules so as
to apply the " previous question " in the Senate.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The PRESIDING OFFICER took up the res-
olutions on the table.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Cass on the
15th of July was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations he
instructed to inquire into the propriety of allowing ro John
P. Brown the pay ot charge d'affaires tor the tune he dis-
charged the duties of that station at Constantinople.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Se-
bastian on the 19tli instant, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affkirs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for military escorts to accompany the companies of overland
emigrants from Fort Smith, Arkansas, or other points upon
the western frontier, to California, by any ot the ioute3
usually purged.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
oy Mr. Yulee, came up for consideration;
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the Hmse of Representatives do adjourn their respective
Hon-.es on Thursday, the 1st day of August next, at twelve
o'clock meridian.
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That it lie on the table.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Walker on the 18th of June, was taken up for
consideration:
Resolved, That no penal law of a foreign country, for al-
leged political oftences,can or ought to be enforced, dirtctly
or indirectly, within tne United States, and that it is the
duty of the Executive of tlu« Government to protect citizens
of the United States against any attempt of foreign Powers,
or their diplomatic representatives, to interfere with the
private pursuits, rights, or privileges of such citizens, for the
purpose of visiting upom them the effects of such foreign
penal laws.
Resolved, That tne Secretary of State be direcf^d to com-
municate the foregoing resolutions to the diplomatic agents
of all foreign Powers having such agtms accredited to" this
Government; and that he be also directed to inform his
Majesty the Emperor of Russia that this Government disap-
prove!* of the attempt of the honorable Alexander de Bo-
disco, Minister from Russia accredited to this Government,
to supersede the authority of Gaspard Tochnian, Es-q., attor-
ney and counsellor of law, under the employment of the
heirs of General Thaddeus Kosciusko.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the further con-
sideration was postponed until Friday next.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
for the admission of California as a State into the
Union, to establish Territorial Governments fjr
Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals to
Texas for the establishment of her western and
northwestern boundaries.
Mr. CLAY addressed the Senate for upwards
of three hours, and was followed by Mr. BARN-
WELL and Mr. HALE, to whose observations
Mr. CLAY" repeatedly replied.
A full report will appear in the Appendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 23, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CLAIMS TJPON THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous
consent of the House at this time to introduce a
bill, merely with a view, he said, to its reference
to a committee.
The reading of the title of the bill was called for,
and it was read as a bill " to regulate the payment
of interest by the United States, and the adjudica-
tion of claims against the same by the heads of
departments, and for other purposes."
No objection being made—
The bill was introduced and read twice by its
title.
And, on motion by Mr. Featherston, it waa
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present the proceedings or a
meeting in Philadelphia, the object of which was
not stated.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to in-
quire of the Speaker, whether the order of yester-
day, by which the House had proceeded to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table had
been complied with, or whether It was yet the
business before the House ?
The SPEAKER said, that the House had yes-
terday proceeded to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table by a suspension of the
rules, and that suspension only opeiated upon the
day on which motions of that kind were in order;
such motions not being in order to-day, the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table was not the business
before the House.
Mr. THOMPSON. Then I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. It is the call of the commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. CHANDLER desired to know what had
become of his request for leave to present a me-
morial ?
The SPEAKER said,^that a demand had been
