1850.
THE CONGRESSIOISfAt
343
General Guerrero. He first issued the edict, and,
usurper as he was, (he Congress of Mexico subse-
quently confirmed the act, and not only abolished
slavery, but took that other step to which the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi alluded, and pro-
vided for compensation to the owners. But, sir,
they went further and prohibited slavery jn the
future.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.)
When ?
I think it was by an act in
Mr. DOUGLAS.
1834.
Mr. SHIELDS.
Mr. WALKER.
Mr. DOUGLAS,
In 1835.
In 1837.
If the question is contro-
verted here, I am ready to enter into the discus-
sion of that question at any time, upon a reason-
able notice, and to show that by the constituted
authority and constitutional authority of Mexico
slavery was prohibited in Mexico at the time of
the acquisition, and that prohibition was acquired
by us with the soil and that when we acquired
the territory; we acquired it with that attached to
it—that covenant running with the soil—and that
must continue, unless removed by competent au-
thority. And because there was a prohibition
thus attached to the soil, I have always thought it
was an unwise, unnecessary, and unjustifiable
course on the part of the people of the free States
to require Congress to put another prohibition on
the top of that one. It has been the strongest ar-
gument that I have ever urged against the prohi-
bition of slavery in the territories, that it was not
necessary for the accomplishment of their object.
It was unwise, it was unnecessary, it was irritating
one section of the Union against another, without
tloino- any good, or even accomplishing the object
in view by the other section. 1 have always held
that doctrine. I have opposed the Wilmot pro-
viso on other grounds; that it was in violation of
the great fundamental principle of self-government;
that it was a question which the people should be
left to decide for themselves. I have always held,
and hold now, that if the people of California
, want slavery they have a right to it, and if they i
do not, it should not be forced upon them. They I
have as much right as the people of Illinois or any j
other State to settle the question for themselves, j
I go further, and I hold that to prohibit slavery in i
the territories, whilst it is a violation of the great
fundamental principles of self-government, is no
violation of the rights of the southern States.
I go further, that to recognize the institution
of slavery in the Territories is no violation of
the rights of the northern States. In that sense,
neither have a right there, in my opinion, to do
either. Either to prohibit or establish slavery,
by an act of Congress, over a people not rep-
resented here, is a violation of the rights of
the people of California. Their rights are to
be affected, their rights are to be violated by an act
of Congress, when they are not represented here.,
Talk to me about the rights of the North, or the
rights of the South ! Neither has any rights there,
So far as the institution of slavery is concerned.
Why sir, the principle of self government is, that
each community shall settle this question for it-
self- and I hold that the people of California have
the'right either to prohibit or establish slavery,
and we have no right to .complain, either in the
North or the South, whichever they do. I hold
that, till they do establish it, the prohibition of
slavery in the territories which we acquired by
treaty attached to the soil and remains m force,
lhoid it as a legal proposition. I am ready to
maintain it, either on the fundamental principles
of law or the authority of the Supreme Court of
the United States; as a principle of law and a prin-
ciple, sir, that while-it may be controverted, can
never be overturned. Hence 1 say that whilst
this petition only asks Congress that slavery shall
not be extended to New Mexico and California,
the fair interpretation of the petition is that Gon-
eness Shall pass no law to extend it there, or recog-
nize its existence there. This is a petition for non-
action as much as the petition which came from
North Carolina the other day, which prayed that
the Wilmot proviso should not be extended there.
If one is received the other should be.
Mr BUTLER. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to ask one question ? I ask the Senate
and him, whether the South, or any southern
member or anybody else,'in this chamber, or
any whSe .tee, has introduced any proposition to
extend slavery into the new Territories ? Never;
we never expressed such a wish. All we ask is
that you will " keep your hands off." We want
no extension. Let us alone. That is all we ask.
And yet here it is asserted and argued as though a
proposition had been or would be made to extend
slavery. The truth is, there are too many memo-
rials to prohibit slavery, as the gentleman very
properly says, but there have been none to extend
it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am glad the Senator from
South Carolina has asked this question, for this
reason: 1 have had many explanations to give to
my own constituents, and I have given them in all
sincerity, that they utterly misunderstood the re-
quests and demands of our southern brethren
when they supposed that they called upon us to
extend slavery in the Territories. It has given
me more trouble to explain that point than any
other.
The impression has unfortunately gone abroad
that southern men ask men from the North to
come to their aid and help them to extend slavery
into Territories now free. I have uniformly main-
tained that the South asked no such thing; that it
was imputing to them that which they utterly
denied; and, furthermore, it was imputing to them
a desire to do that which they denied their or our
power under the Constitution to do; that the posi-
tion of southern gentlemen was that Congress had
no power to legislate upon this subject, either for
or against; that whilst I would not raise the ques-
tion of power, inasmuch as it had been exercised,
and I had affirmed and voted for it as a compro-
mise, I predicated -my objection to the exercise of
the power upon the ground that to do it was a vio-
lation of the great and fundamental principle of
free government, which asserts that each commu-
nity shall settle this and all other questions affect-
ing their domestic institutions by themselves, and
in their own way; and for the Congress of the
United States to interfere and do it for them when I
they were unrepiesented here, was a violation of j
their rights, of which they would have reason to
complain. That, sir, has been my position upon
this question. I have never seen but one intima-
tion that I thought was repugnant to that principle
by southern gentlemen. 1 think I did understand
—but I hope I misconceived his meaning—the
honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
to say the other day that the people of the South
would be content with nothing short of the exten-
sion of the Missouri compromise to the Pacific,
with an express recognition of the right to hold
slaves in the Territories south of that line. If that
was his doctrine it was an assertion in my opinion
of the duty of Congress to pass an act to extend
slavery there, and for that reason I was 
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend allow me to in-
terrupt him for a moment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 shall only detain the Senate
a minute longer. I was astonished to hear that
statement by the Senator from Mississippi, but it
was immediately disavowed by others, and I pre-
sumed I had misunderstood him.
Mr. FOOTE. I am sorry to trespass upon the
attention of the honorable Senator from Illinois;
but as the hour has arrived for taking up the spe-
cial order, I woulS suggest the propriety of passing
by this matter informally.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will state to the Senate that
I have done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will not de-
tain the Senate long. The Senator from Illinois
has announced that he will prove that there was a
law 111 Mexico which piohibited slavery in Mexico,
and which is now m force, if that position be con-
troverted. 1 wish to give him notice ihat it is con-
troverted; and 1 tell him also that I wish to heal
him prove it. I tell the Senator further, that I
spoke advisedly when 1 said that the abolition of
slavery, not its prohibition, rested on the decree of
General Guerrero; and I will also correct him in
his date. It was not in the year 1834 or 1835, but
in the year 1837, that Congress legislated, and then
they legislated by the first declaration that slavery
was, or literally remained abolished. The legis-
lation was an admission of the force of the decree—
not original legislation bearing upon the subject.
Noi\was the legislation in this instance a prohibi-
tion; and I give the Senator from Illinois notice of
the point upon which his position will be contro-
verted, and I expect to hear hira prove it.
Mr. MANGUM. Will the honorable Senator
postpone the remainder of his remarks in order
that the Senator from Georgia may proceed?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to detain the Sen-
ate long, and certainly I will not trespass upon the
honorable Senator from Georgia more than a min-
ute. I was going to say that the Senator from Il-
linois declares that, the statement which I made
the other day in the Senate, was a proposition to
extend slavery by the action of Congress into the
Territories. It was no such thing. It bears no
such construction; and I was surprised that a Sen-
ator on the other side should have endeavored to
put that construction upon it to sustain his argu-
ment. Our position was from the beginning that
the South had a right to go into any Territories be-
longing to the United States with their slave prop-
erty. This is a right dependant on their joint
ownership; and I then stated, in the spirit bf com-
promise, a desire not to present any extreme
claim, that that pretension would be continued,
but not insisted on beyond the line of 36° 30',
thus narrowing down the claim which the South
had made.
Nor, sir, was my language susceptible of any
such misconstruction as an assertion that it was
an irreversible perpetuation of slavery anywhere;
for every sane man knows that in whatever
longitude or latitude in these United States a State
may be situated, such sovereign State can decide
the matter for itself. A community dependent
upon the United States—and of these many such
have existed in our history—may not have power
to legislate for itself. It is a sovereign State to
which I concede that power The very fact of
dependence is against the supposition of such
power as is claimed by the Senator from Illinois
for territorial communities -, while no sane man can
deny that it exists in Massachusetts, in Maine, and
in hyperborean regions if we had States there.
Mr. BUTLER. I have some petitions to offer
which require immediate action; for, if they are
not acted upon now,.or at a very early period,
that action will answer no purpose. And yet
every morning the gentleman representing a minor-
ity monopolizes the whole time of this Senate by
resolutions such as this, producing nothing but
mischief, without rebuke, and it would almost
seem with the countenance of those who vote for
his resolutions. Can this be tolerated ? that the
time of the Senate, the Legislature of the United
States, should be appropriated by mischievous
incendiaries, who claim the right of introducing
petitions, resolutions, memorials, and propositions
of this kind to the Senate ? Sir, I have business
which requires legislation, and yet every morning
that gentleman takes up the whole time of the
Senate by propositions of this kind. He has the
whole time of the Senate to himself. A mere
minority comes here and produces ail this mis-
chief, and stands unrebuked, as far as I can see,
by the Senate. I know, sir, it is a part of his
existence; I am but giving him food upon which
he can feed. He lives, sir, upon mischief; it is
the very food that sustains him, and I know that
I am not rebuking him. Sir, it is intolerable that
a miserable minority, a dangerous incendiary, a
madman, if you choose, should come here and
Intel fere with the rights of others. "[Loud cries
of "Order," "order."]
Mr. HALE. I have but a word to say, sir.
The Senator from South Carolina says that 1 live
upon mischief, and that he funiishes me the food
upon which I live. If that be the case, it is clear
that not I, but he, is to blame. He has denounced
me as a miserable minority, and charges me with
trespassing upon theprivilegesoftheSenate. Ileave
the question to be decided by others who it is that
trespasses upon the privileges of the Senate. But,
sir, he will have to talk louder, and threaten more,
and denounce more before he can shut my mouth
here. 1 have taken up the whole time of the Sen-
ate, have 1 ? I have taken two mormrfgs only in
presenting petitions since 1850 commenced tne
other day and this morning; and so far from occu-
pying the time of the Senate, as I have lust been
charged with doing, 1 have confined myself simp y
to stating what the nature of the petition was. 1 he
talk does not come from this " miserable minori-
ty-" it comes from the majority, to whom I will
not apply* adjectives, though 1 have enough of them
here which I could apply if I chose. The mischief,
sir comes from the majority, that wants to tread
down this minority, and wants to make them more
miserable than they really are. Miserable as they
