1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
was pending to go into business on the Speaker's
table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 119, nays 58; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Avereu, Bayly,
Bocockj, Bowie, Briggs, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler,
Thomas B. BuOer, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal
viij, Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Clingronn, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Conrad, Corwm, Croweii, Dan-
iel, Deberry, Dickey, Dimnnck, Divon, Duncan, Dunham,
Ertmundson, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler,
Fuller,Gerry, Giddmgs, Gott, Gould, Grinned, Haifo>\ay3
Hamilton, Harlan, Haymond, Henry, Hibbard, Hoagland,
Hoiladay, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson,
William T. Jackson, James L J >hnson, Jones, Julian,
Kerr, George G. King, Joim A. King, Preston King, Levin,
Litticfieid,"Horace Mann, Job Maim, Matte&on, McDowell,
McGaughey, MeKissock, McMullen, Meaeham, Meade,
Millson, Moore, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Ris-
ley, Robbms, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ross, Riun&ey, Saek-
ett, SnwteHe, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding. Stanly, 'Jhaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, James Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Venable, Vinton,
Waldon, Waldo, Wallace, White, and Wildrick—ll9.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Bay, Bingham, Bis-
pell, Bowdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown. William J Brown,
E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Doiy, Ewsng,
Feaiherston, Fitch,Gentry, Gihnore, Gorman, Green, H til,
Isham G. Hains, Thomas L. Harris, Hi/hard, Howard,
Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Kaufman, La Sen;,
LefHer, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, McQueen, McWillie, Miller, Moins,
Old-*, Orr, Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robinson, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephen-*,
J icob Thompson,Toombs, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth,
Whittlesey, Williams, Wood, Woodward,and Voung—58.
So the House determined to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
ALABAMA RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the biU pending at the time of adjournment yes-
terday, entitled " An act grunting the right of way
and making a grant of land to the State of Ala-
bama, in aid of the construction of a railroad from
Selrna, on the Alabama river, toGunter's landing,
on the Tennessee uver."
The title of the bill having been read—
The SPEAKER continued. A motion was
made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade]
to refer the bill to a select committee; and a mo-
tion was also made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] to refer it to the Committee on
Public Lands; and the gentleman fiom Virginia
[Mr. Meade] had demanded the previous ques-
tion on the reference.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make an appeal to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] to with-
draw the motion to refer the bill to a select com-
mittee. I feel satisfied that no benefit can be de-
rived from persisting in that motion; and I hope
the gentleman will illustrate, in this instance, the
courtesy which has so often signalized his action
on this floor, by acceding to my request.
Mr. MEADE said, he would do so.
So the motion to refer to a select committee was
withdrawn, (leaving the motion on reference to
the Committee on Public Lands.)
The question, " Will the House second the de-
mand for the previous question?" was then taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered, and having
been taken, was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill wa3 leferred to the Committee on .
Public Lands. |
Senate bill entitled "An act granting to the State
of Mississippi the right of way and a donation of j
public lands, for the purpose of locating and con- !
structmg a railroad from Brandon to the eastern j
boundary of said State, in the" direction of Mont- j
goroery, Alabama," coming up in its order, was i
read a first and second time by its title, and, on ;
mo;ion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, re- 1
terred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORT ON COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
Senate bill entitled u An act to provide for the
printing of the annual report of commerce and
navigation," coming up m order, was read a first
and second time by us title, when ,
Mr. GRINNELL asked that the bill might be j
read through. j
It was accordingly read. j
Mr. G. said a few woids in explanation of the '
bill. He was understood to say that the bili au- !
thonzed the Secretary of the Treasury to myke up !
the report of the statistics of commerce and navi- ;
gation to the end of the fiscal year, and when j
completed, authorized the printing of the same u - j
der the supervision of the said Secretary, that the
report might be laid before Congress in a printed
form, and thus prevent the delay attending the
present mode.
Mr. G. was understood subsequently to state
that the Committee on Public Printing had ex-
amined the bill, and that he was authorized to say
that they were in favor of it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, wished an
explanation as to the words, the usual number."
Mr. GRINNELL explained.
Mr. THOMPSON declared himself satisfied.
Mr. GRINNELL then offered the following
amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the report afore-
said shall be substantially bound, provided that the expense
thereof bhali not exceed twelve and a half cents for each
copy.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the bill should
also be so amended as to include the annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the finances.
That report (Mr. V. said) was of more importance
to the legislation of the House than the report on
commerce and navigation.
Mr. BAYLY concurred in the suggestion, and
hoped that the House would acquiesce in it.
Mr. VIJNTON then offered an amendment in
accordance with his suggestion, embracing the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
the finances.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he did
not object to these several propositions of amend-
ment. but the bill had never been referred, and
he was in favor of sending it to a committee, by
whom these amendments might be embodied. He
hoped a reference would be made.
Mr. GRINNELL explained that an informal
examination of the bill had been made by the
Committee on Printing, for the purpose of avoid-
ing the necessity of reference. He hoped the ref-
erence would not be insisted on.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he was
prepared to vote for the bill, as he understood it,
and also for the amendments of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Grinneli.] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] as he (Mr.
T.) understood them. But he thought that the
better plan would be to let these amendments be
embodied by a committee. There was no neces-
sity to force the bill through in this hasty man-
ner. It would certainly be passed before the ses-
sion had terminated.
Mr. BAYLY desired, he said, to make an ad-
( ditionai suggestion. The adoption of the amend-
, ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
| would be a matter not only of great convenience,
| so for as the business of the House was concerned,
I but a matter of economy also. And he explained
j that, by the adoption of the amendment, the pro-
| cess of printing the estimates twice over would be
obviated.
Mr. KAUFMAN hoped, he said, that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] would
withdraw his motion to refer.
Mr. THOMPSON, Well—I will do so.
So the motion to refer was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton.]
1'he question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
After a word of conversation,
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
And having been read—
The question, being on it3 passage, was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
On motion by Mr. VINTON,
The title was amended so as to read: A bill to
provide for the punting of the annual report of
commerce and navigation, and the annual report !
on the state of the finances. j
The following bills from the Senate, coming up ,
in their order, were severally read a fiist and sec- ■
ond time by theit title, and conmmitted as indica-
ted below, viz:
An act supplementary to the act entitled An act
to provide tor the taking of the seventh and sub-
sequent censuses of the United States, to fix the
number of members of the House of Representa-
tives, and to provide for their future apportion-
ment among the several States: On motion by Mr.
THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of Thomas M. Taylor and
Francis B. Stockton. Referred to the committee on
NavaTAffairs.
An act granting the right of preemption to cer-
tain purchasers ond settlers on the Maison Rouge
grant in the event of the final adjudication of the
title in favor of the United States. Referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Thomas Snodgrass. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to al-
low the payment of interest to the State of Geor-
gia for advances made for the use of the United
States in the suppression of hostilities of the
Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee Indians, in the
years 1836, 1837, and 1«38. Referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act authorizing the payment of interest upon
the advances made by the State of Maine for the
use of the United States Government, for the pro-
tection of the northeastern frontier. On motion by
Mr. UTTLEFIELD, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
An act to provide for an additional term of the
United States Circuit and District Court, at Chi-
cago, in the district of Illinois. On motion by
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
An act to amend an act entitled An act for the
better organization of the District Court of the
United States, within the State of Louisiana ap-
proved 3d March, 1849. On motion by Mr.CON-
RAD referred to the Judiciary Committee.
An act for the benefit of Minnesota Territory.
Referred to the Committee on Territories.
An act to provide for the removal of obstruc-
tions in the river Savannah, State of Georgia, and
for the improvement of the same. On motion by
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
An act granting the right of .way and making
a donation of land to the State of Alabama, in aid
of the construction of the Mobile and Girard
Railroad. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act to amend an act entitled an Act for the
relief of D. A. Watterston. Referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Theodore OfFutt. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Patents, in
i answer to a resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of the 27th May, 1850, directing that officer
to furnish each member of the House and Dele-
gate with three copies of the List of Patents for
Inventions and Designs, issued by the United States
from 1790 to 1847, with the Patent L-iws and No-
tices of Decisions of the Courts of the United States,
of the same period, prepared, compiled, and pub-
lished under the direction of Edmund Burke.
The Commissioner, in reply, states that he wa3
unable to comply with the order of the House, as
there were but one hundred and sixty copies of
the work on hand, which he would hold subject
to the order of Congress. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Senate bill, entitled An act authorizing the trans-
mission of letters and packages to and from Mrs.
Margaret Taylor, free of postage, coming up in
order on a question of reference,
The CHAIR stated, that this bill was the same
as the bill which had heietofore passed the House.
The Senate had passed it before they knew of the
action of the Hou^e.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether the
Senate had passed the House bill?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then 1 move to lay
the bill on the table.
The bill was accordingly laid upon the table.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL TAILOR.
An act for the erection of a monument to Z:\ch-
aryTayloi, late Piesident of the United 8uucs,
coming up in order, was read u fiist and second
time by its' title.
Mr. CONRAD. I move that the House, by
unanimous consent, consider this* bill immediately,
and pass it.
