344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQtftE.
Feb. 13,
are, I thinlc the Senator from South Carolina will
find out that our po wersof speech are not exhausted;
and, whilst we can exercise it within the provisions
of the Constitution, it will be exercised at any and
aU hazards. We are not to be frightened, sir, out
of our rights; we are not to be frightened by denun-
ciation; we are not to be frightened even by threats
of dangers personally to ourselves Small and few
as we are, we are not the miserable cowardfr that
can be driven from the assertion and the mainte-
nance of our rights. Sir, New Hampshire blood
does not course*through coward veins. She has
tested, from the first moment of her existence,
both in the Senate and in the House of Represent-
atives, and on the field of battle, her rights; and,
sir, she has sons that will vindicate those' rights
against foes, let them come when they will, and
where they will, and how they will. She will not
be intimidated by any language of this sort.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the further con-
sideration of this matter be postponed until to-
morrow, -and that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of the special order of the day.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OP LADIES.
On the motion of Mr. FOOTE, the forty-seventh
rule of the Senate was suspended, so far as to ad-
mit ladies to the floor to listen to the speech of the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien.]
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the series of resolutions
introduced by Mr. Clay.
Mr. BERRIEN resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday. His
speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not rise to enter into this
debate, but simply to move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed for the pres-
ent. My object in making this motion is to afford
an opportunity for the consideration of the resolu-
tion in relation to the collection of the revenue,
which was returned to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives this morning. It is, perhaps, not
necessary for me to remark that, in consequence of
the delay which has taken place in the action of
Congress upon that subject, the Treasury Depart-
ment has been subjected to much embarrassment.
For the purpose of affording an opportunity to take
up that subject, I move that the further considera-
tion of the question now under consideration be
postponed.
Mr. DOWNS. I am sorry that the honorable
Senator from Vermont has thought it necessary to
move the postponement of the consideration of
these resolutions. The question which is chiefly
referred to, sir, in them, is the great and absorbing
question which is occupying the attention of the
public mmd at the present moment. Arid it is a
matter of vastimportancethatsomedecision should
be had upon this all engrossing and absorbing
question; it has been already too long delayed, and
it is quite evident that very little of the business of
legislation can be done until some decision is had
upon the subject. I, therefore, hope the debate
will be permitted to go on, from day to day, until
it is concluded, and tnat a decision will be arrived
at, in order that the excitement now existing in
the public mind may be set at rest. I am perfectly
willing that the resolution referred to by the Sen-
ator from Vermont shall be acted upon, provided
it does not interfere with the progress of the dis-
cussion upon the resolutions oi" the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky. There is no reason why the
resolution of the Senator from .Vermont may not
be token up during the morning hour, but I think
it is due to every section of the country that the
Frogress of this discussion shall not be interrupted;
think it is but just and right that every section,
that all parties, all interests, shall be heard in ref-
erence to the propositions contained in those reso-
lutions. To some of those propositions there are
many and serious objections; and it is due to Sen-
ators on all sides that they should be heard in re-
gard to them.
I am perfectly willing that the resolution referred
to by the Senator from Vermont shall be acted
upon; but 1 am not willing to disturb or postpone
the business that is before us for a whole day, in
order to consider that or any other subject. I hope
that the discussion will be permitted to proceed
without interruption.
Mr. FOOTE. I perfectly concur in all that has
been expressed by the Senator from Louisiana.
For one 1 am unwilling to postpone the discussion
of this question for the purpose of calling up res-
olutions upon any subject whatever. The ques-
tions involved in the resolutions now under consid-
eration are, in magnitude, importance, and vital-
ity, beyond all comparison, above any that can be
submitted for our consideration. I will state an
additional reason to those assigned by the Senator
from Louisiana why this subject should not be
postponed. I desire that some of the views that
were expressed by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky shall be replied to. There is a portion
of his argument that I am anxious should be an-
swered—I mean that portion which relates to the
boundary of Texas—at as early a period as pos-
sible; because I conceive, and I say it with all def-
erence to the Senator from Kentucky, that the
views so cogently urged by him in reference to the
Texan boundaiy need an immediate response.
Some of the views advanced by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky have received a response
in part from the gentleman from GeoTgia, in the
remarks which he addressed to the Senate this
morning; but the honorable Senator from Georgia
has pretermitted a reply to that portion of the ar-
gument of the honorable Senator from Kentucky
which relates to the Texan boundary. I state
these reasons, in addition to those suggested by
the Senator from Louisiana, why this subjcct
should not be postponed; and before I conclude I
will say that I, for one, am for taking up the reso-
lution referred to by the Senator fiom Vermont,
with a view to disposing of it at once, so that
there may be no necessity for any longer post-
ponement of the subject which.is now under dis-
cussion; and I am willing, if it be necessary, to
sit here until midnight for the purpose of dispo-
sing of it.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not desire to interfere
in regard to' the order of business; but 1 will
merely suggest that the resolution, inasmuch as
it has been amended in the other House, ought
to be referred to the Committee on Finance. The
committee can consider it to-night; and, if they
agree to the amendment, they may report it to
the Senate, and we shall be able to pass it to-
morrow morning during the morning hour, and
the discussion of these resolutions will not be in-
terrupted.
Mr. DICKINSON. I was about to suggest
the very thing which has been recommended by
the Senator from Massachusetts. It is necessary
that the resolution be considered by the Com-
mittee on Finance, in order that there may be no
unnecessary delay. I shall be glad if the mem-
bers of the committee will assemble to-morrow
morning, as early as ten o'clock.
Mr. WEBSTER. I hope the resolution will
be taken up and referred.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
further consideration of the resolutions then under
consideration was postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock.
And, on motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the reso-
lution relating to the collection of the revenue
was taken up, together with the amendment made
by the House of Representatives to that resolu-
tion, and were referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
ADDITIONAL CLERK OP SUPREME COURT.
The joint resolution, offered yesterday by Mr.
Buti^er, authorizing the appointment of a special
clerk of the Supreme Court, was taken up and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. No
amendment being offered, it was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and, by unanimous consent, was read a third
time and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
Ch dered, That the petition of Samuel D. Davis, on the files
of the Senate, be reletred to the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Claims.
On motion by Mr. TURNEY,
Ordered, That the petition of Robeit Armstrong, on the
files of the Senate, be leleiredjto the Committee un Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That the petition of Bancroft Woodcock, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Palents
and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN,
Ordered, That the petition of Peter A, Morgan, adminis-
trator of John Arnold and George G. Bishop, on the files of
the Senate, be. referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Oilice.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
Ordered, That the memorial of Robert Pratt, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS,
Ordered, ThatL. P. Sangerand Frink Hadduck, severally
iiave leave to withdraw then petition*, ami papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill granting the
right of way and making a donation of land to the
Sfate of Illinois, in aid of the construction of the
Central Railroad, reported back the same with
amendments; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill making a donation of land to the State of
Illinois, in aid of the construction of the Mount
Carmel and Alton Railroad; which was read and
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. S. further, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill for the benefit of the
Territory of Minnesota, reported the same with
amendments; which were ordered to be printed.
PRIZE MONEY.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted thefollowing reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
queued to inform the Senate of the amount of prize money
pair! into the Treasury in conformity with the 8th section of
the act of March 3, 1849, specifying the amount received for
captures made prior to the war with Great Biitain of 1812,
the amount received for captures made during that war, the
amount received for captures made since that war and prior
to the late war witli Mexico. Also, the several amounts re-
ceived for capture* made during the late war wilh Mexico,
and from whom received. Also, if any yet remains due
and unpaid; if so, the amount and by whom owing, and
what steps have been taken to ascertain said amount and
recover the same. Also, the amount paid out of the Treas
liry, and to whom, and also the regulations adopted tor
carrying into effect the piovisnms of the said law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution
for restoring the settlement of the " three months'
extra pay" to the accounting officers of theTreas-
sury; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. JONES moved that the vacancy in the Com-
mittee on Pensions be filled by appointment by the
Chair; which was agreed to.
The Chair appointed Mr. Borland.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 13, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. RICH ARDSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
previous notice had been given.
EXPENSES OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. DISNEY rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He desired permission of the House to
change the vote which he had yesterday given on
the joint resolution from the Senate, " limiting the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs
for the present fiscal year." The object he desired
to attain in submitting this request was a recommit-
ment of the resolution. On an examination into
the facts connected with the subject, it would be
found that in consequence of the pressure which
had been brought to bear on the chairman of the
Committee of Way sand Means, [Mr. Bayly,] and
of the extreme courtesy which always distinguished
that gentleman, and in consequence also of his
anxiety to oblige the friends of the Administration,
by the earliest practicable passage of the resolu-
tion, it had been hurried along through the va-
rious stages up to the final passage, without
having received that careful consideration to which
it was entitled. It would be seen, on examination
of the papers submitted by Mr. Secretary Mere-
dith, that in the statement of expenditures incurred
in the collection of the revenue of the Govern-
ment 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, interposed to a
point of order. He submitted that it was not in
order to occupy the time of the House in these re-
marks.
Mr. DISNEY said he would not occupy two
minutes by the clock.
