1440
THE coNamiBSJOPM;
July 23.
treaty of Mr. Hise. Wfoat reson for the conceal-
ment of the latter? Surely, no fair one.
Mr. HOUSTON (tie floor being yielded) asked
if he understood the honorable member from Ten-
nessee to speak of the treaty made by Mr. Hise?
On the contrary, he asked if the Government of
Nicaragua did not refuse to ratify it as a treaty ?
and if it Was not the fact that it never was a
treaty ? It had never had the character and valid-
ity of a treaty. And, furthermore, he wished to
ask the honorable member if that instrument,
which he chose to call a treaty, was not negotiated
by Mr. Hise in .direct derogation of the instruc-
tions of the State Department during the late Ad-
ministration of Mr. Polk?
Mr. SAVAGE. I will answer the gentleman.
Mr. Hise did not negotiate the treaty in violation
of his instructions. The treaty negotiated by Mr.
Hise was not ratified because of any opposition
on the part of the Nicaraguans, but because of
hostilily of the late Administration.
Mr. HOUSTON (th« flooj being further yield-
ed) said, he thought the honorable member would
find, when the message and accompanying docu-
ments with the treaty, now on the table, were
published, that the statement which he (Mr. H.)
made was strictly, literally true—that Mr. Hise
negotiated the treaty in direct opposition to the
instructions of Mr. Buchanan, and that he was
expressly instructed to negotiate no treaty on the
subject; and furthermore, that it was an abuse of
terms to call it a treaty; that it never was ratified
as such, and that the Nicaraguan government
refused to ratify it.
Mr. SAVAGE understood the subject so far as
he spoke of it. He must, however, decline any
further interruption in the course of his remarks.
I will look for a moment to the annual message
of the President, which promulgates the doctrme
upon which this treaty is founded.
Speaking of the proposition for a ship canal
through the territories of Nicaragua, thedoctnne is
announced that " it would be neitherjustnor expe-
dient that any great maritime State should com-
' maud the communication. No such power
' should occupy a position that would enable it
' hereafter to exercise so controlling an influence
1 over the commerce of the world, or to obstruct a
' highway which ought to be dedicated to the com-
* mnn uses of mankind."
Upon this I take issue, and say, that one
great Power—and but one—ought to command
this communication, and be its sole patron and
protector. 1 say, that one great Power ought to
occupy a position to control hereafter the com-
merce of the world—and that the United States,
from her position and by the treaty of Mr. Hise,
which has been suppressed through the policy ui
the late Administration—had that right; and that
no Power could in any way injure this right, ex-
cept by an unwarrantable interference.
The message further says: " The work, if con-
' structed under these guarantees would become
' a bond of peace, instead of a subject of contention
'and strife among the nations." This 1 again
deny; I allege that it will be an apple of discord
among the nations. Tiie treaty itself effects noth-
ing—something more must be done; bring the
English and American forces as joint protectors,
and peace will not last a day. Who has forgotten
the story of our own Revolution ? The jealousies
between the French and American forces—noth-
ing but wisdom the most consummate and a neces-
sity the most powerful, forced a cooperation.
This thing, so difficult with the French, would be
wholly impracticable with the English.
In our hands this would have been a bond of
peace upon the nations. We would have permit-
ted all the world to pass it, while on terms of
friendship with us, the penalty of war being a for-
feiture of the privilege to use it.
The passage to California is the great project of
the age. Eminent men have assembled in conven-
tion from all parts of the country to consider it;
plans have been presented to Congress asking for
more than $100,000,000, for the construction of a
railroad; yet no sooner has a route been obtained
by grant from Nicaragua, than our Government is
alarmed at the vastne^s of the tieasure—declares if
a boon, too rich for the enjoyment of the American
people—that it ought to be divided with kings and
princes.
1 am for the doctrine of the first Washington:
" Peace with all—entangling alliances with none;"
but especially I am againsl the unfortunate anti-
American alliance transmitted with the message.
I would throw around the destiny of this country
the grandeur of solitude, as well as of greatness.
This treaty is intended to unite this Government in
close affinity with the Government of Great Britain,
and to foster among the American people English
influence and English feelings. What a strange
thing it was, at the commencement of this Congress,
to see a distinguished individual in the other end
of the Capitol [Mr. Cass] proposing to discontinue
all relations of courtesy with a despot, and the
tenant of the White House recommending the
most delicate, important, and confidential partner-
ships. This I suppose a matter of taste, and 1 am
wining for those '' who have found angels in the
forms of kings," to bow down and worship them,
or seek their society and partnership, if done in
secret; but where these predilections are proposed
as the policy of this country, in opposition to an-
other which has long been recognized, 1 feel it a
duty that I owe to myself to utter my dissent
from things so unwise—so anti-American.
I hope X may be pardoned for saying that it
does seem to me that the American jackass of the
present day has shown too great an inclination
for an association with the British lion. If his
vanity was harmless 1 should not object, but there
cannot be a doubt but like his illustrious pre-
decessor mentioned by iEsop, he would receive
nothing but contempt and ruin foi his folly.
X regretted the language of the message—I now
regiet this treaty. In all future times they will
stand across the line of our advancement with more
than the power of five hundred thousand armeu
warriors. The doctrine of Mr. Monroe, and which
was affirmed by Mr. Polk in his Yucatan mes-
sage, is the true policy of this country. Our Gov-
ernment ought to have settled the matter, by say-
ing to Great Britain, that we considered this attempt
on her part " to extend her system to this hemi-
sphere," as dangerous to our peace and safety.
'Xiiat the American continents, by the free and in-
dependent positions which they have assumed and
maintained, are henceforth not to be considered
subjects for the colonization of any European
power, and that no interference'on her part* with
the political condition of the Republic of Nicara-
gua, could be permitted by th$ people of the
United States.
This is what I understand to be the Monroe
doctrine, and X believe it is to-day the judgment
of the people of this country. This declaration
was made to prevent the further increase of Euro-
pean power upon this continent. The Clayton
policy established by this treaty is the opposite.
It is the policy of England declared, to check the
further piogress of this Republic. Well might the
representative of that proud monarchy, after the
execution of'this treaty, write to his minion, that
the Government at Washington was a weak one.
By the treaty of Mr. Hise, the United States
were authonzed to fortify, arm, and occupy the
lines, and the terminations; to pass all kinds of
property and military preparations; suitable sites
for cities were granted, and many other valuable
privileges, amounting to all that could be desired.
These grants were from Nicaragua, which State
is the absolute owner of the soil.
Why have we abandoned this treaty, and divi-
ded our rights and entered into partnership with
England, the wisest and most heartless monarchy
upon the globe—a nation which has hereto-
fore been considered as our political, territorial, and
commercial enemy—that IJower which not a cen-
tury since hired the dregs of Germany to butcher
our fathers, and the savages of our forests to mur-
der our women and children? Has she changed or
have we changed ? Does she love us more or hate
us less than m '76 or 18X2? Is her interest less
in conflict with ours now than then ?
Sir, the past has had its wars and the future will
not be barren. The man has read the history of
the world to little purpose who will not see in the
future a mighty struggle between the mistress of
the ocean and the Republic of the Western
World. England knows this—forty yeais ago it
was no secret. The great Napoleon, at the time
he ceded to our fathers the terntory of Louisania,
predicted what shall surely be fulfilled. When he
had signed the treaty he exclaimed—" This acces-
sion of territory strengthens forever the power of
the United States, and X have just given England
a maritime rival that, sooner or later, will hum-
ble her pride." And this day I am not willing to
yield up a single right to prevent her displeasure.
Sir, when thelorig-settled policy of the country
is to be abandoned, it is the duty of the Adminis-
trate to announce thisi change to the country, with
the reasons upon which it is founded, that the
people may judge. This i.s required not only by
the principles of our Government, but by the dic-
tates of common honesty. What reasons have
been shown to the nation for the abandonment of
the Monroe declaration ? None; and none appears,
but love and confidence with England—which are
destined to be repaid by hatred, deception, and in-
jury.
The first article of the Clayton treaty is an effec-
tual sti pulation against the further increase of Amer-
ican influence upon this continent, unless accompa-
nied by a corresponding increase of British power.
The Secretary seems to have feared the ambition
of his countrymen rather than that of ihe English.
By the 8th article the parties agree " to establish
a general principle," and "extend their protection"
" to other practicable communications;" and thus
we find ourselves by railways and ship-canals, in
some degree annexed to the British Monarchy for
an indefinite period; but the treaty has wisely pro-
vided for its own abolition, by the giving of six
months' notice, and I desire to see the proper steps
taken to give this notice immediately. I have
every confidence in the committee, of which my
friend who hears me [Mr. McClernand] is chair-
man. My object is not to change the reference
which has been made. X expect to see the proper
report; and while X cannot pledge my State to fur-
nish a single soldier in the war announced yester-
day in the Senate, between Kentucky and South
Carolina—not even a safe passage through her ter-
ritories—yet in any contest that may arise for the
maintenance of our rights under the Monroe doc-
' trine Tennessee will furnish as many soldiers as
any other State.
In the course of his remarks—
Mr. S was called to order by
Mr. CONRAD, who submitted to the Chair,
that it was not m order for the House to consider
a treaty which the House was informed had been
laid before another branch of the Legislature, and
which had not yet been acted upon by that body.
Mr. HOUSTON. The treaty has been ratified.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The very basis of the
point of order falls to nothing, because the whole
matter has been consummated.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Jones, pro tern.,) so de-
cided.
Mr. CONRAD then put the question of order,
whether it was in order to discuss a treaty which
had been made and ratified ?
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) said, it was in order
to discuss a message from ihe President of the
United States.
Mr. CONRAD. Is the message now before the
House ?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem ) it was yesterday
referied to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed. The pending motion is to
reconsider that vote.
Mr. HOUSTON suggested that, as all the pa-
pers had not yet been printed, the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] in compliance
with an intimation thrown out at the commence-
ment of his remarks, should postpone the discus-
sion till the printing should have been completed.
Mr. SAVAGE. Does the gentleman call me
to order ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No—I merely suggest the
postponement of the debate until all the papers
j shall have been printed.
: Mr. SAVAGE. 1 cannot understand you, be-
I cause X do not hear you.
i Mr. HOUSTON. Does not the gentleman hear
me ?
Mr. SAVACfE. No, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON explained.
Mr. SAVAGE preferred (he said) to go on with
his remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I hope I shall be heard
in reply.
Mr. SAVAGE proceeded.
Mr. CONRAD, expressing the reluctance he
felt to interrupt the gentleman, and explaining his
motive to be that the House might go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(on the bill making an appropriation for a
monument to the late President,) raised the
