1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOiE.
*
Hit
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported {he following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House be authorized to
pay to George W. Julian, a member from the State of In-
diana, who was prevented by sickness from attendance at
the commencement of this session, the amount to which
he is entitled, if he had not been so detained. . ^
After a few remarks, regarding the necessity for
any resolution upon the subject, by Messrs.
THOMPSON of Mississippi, KING of Massa-
chusetts, and SWEETSER.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to refer the resolution
to the Committee on Mileage. Rejected.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Ac-"
counts, reported the following resolution, viz: •
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of J. W. Nye,
praying compensation for losses sustained under a contract
to furnish horses and carriages, and hauling for the House
of Representatives ; and that this petition with accompany-
ing papers of the claims of the said Nye as assignee of
Bargy & Stewart, be referred to a select committee of nine.
Mr. M. made some remarks in explanation and
defence of the claim, and in favor of the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
strike from the resolution the select committee of
nine, and to insert the Committee of Claims; which
motion prevailed.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Colonel Bliss, his Private Secretary.
Mr. BAYLY said that the morning hour hav-
ing expired, he would move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House passed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
TIGRE ISLAND.
The Speaker laid before the House a message
from the President of the United States, stating
that the information called for by the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 24th ultimo,
in regard to the possession by the British Gov-
ernment of Tigre Island, and as to whether any
treaty had been made with Central America, will
be cheerfully communicated as soon as it shall
be found compatible with the public interests to
do so.
The message was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States; which was read:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I transmit herewith to the House'of Represent-
atives for the information of that body, an authen-
tic copy of the " Constitution of the State of Cal-
ifornia," received by me from General Riley.
Z. TAYLOR.,
Washington, February 13, 1850.
The message having been read—
Mr. BOYD moved that it be referred, with the
accompanying documents, to the Committee on
Territories, and be printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to amend
the motion so that the constitution of California
should also be printed. ,
Mr. BOYD said that his motion was intended
to include the message and all the accompanying
documents. .
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in order, if the demand for
the previous question should not be sustained, to
move that the message and documents be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER said that motion would be ill
order, if the previous question was not sustained,
but that the question must first be taken on the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd,] to refer to the Committee on the Ternto-
"ivir boyd demanded tellers on his motion, and
they were ordered, (Messrs. Ogle and Harris.,
of Tennessee.) T
Mr BOYD said it seemed to him thaUhe House
could not well discuss this subject until the papers
had been printed.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative;—ayes 60, noes 85.
So the House.refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH now moved that the mes-
sage and accompanying documents be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES rose to inquire what became of the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky ? [Mr.
Boyd.]
The SPEAKER said the question would first
be taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] to refer the message and
documents to the Committee on the Territories,
and then on the motion of the gentleman from
IllinHfe [Mr. Wentworth] to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES inquired whether it was in order to
submit a motion to refer to the Committee on the
Judiciary, before the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Territories had been disposed of?
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] could submit his mo-
tion either as a motion to refer to the Committee
on the Judiciary, or as a motion to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd]
by striking out the " Committee on the Territo-
ries," and inserting the "Committee on the Ju-
diciary."
Mr. WENTWORTH then submitted the mo-
tion as a motion to amend by striking out the
" Committee on the Territories," and inserting the
" Committee on the Judiciary." And on that mo-
tion (he said) he demanded the previous question.
Mr. JONES submitted to the Chair that if the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky should
fail, it would then be in order to move a reference
to another committee, but that pending the decis-
ion on that motion, it would not be in order.
The SPEAKER said it was merely changing
the form of the motion. A motion to amend was
in order.-
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (to the Speak-
er.) Is debate now in order?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. Was there not a motion to
print ?
The SPEAKER. There is such a motion; but
the previous question applies as well to the motion
to print as to the motion to refer.
Mr. STANTON. But the previous question
has not been sustained.
The SPEAKER. No; nor has the question
been taken.
Mr. McLANE hoped, he said, that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] would not
insist on his demand for the previous question,
but would allow the debate to proceed on the mo-
tion to refer.
Mr. VINTON, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
now to move that the message and accompanying
documents be referred to a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending to
refer to the Committee on the Territories, and
there is also a motion to amend that motion by
striking out " the Committee on the Territories,"
and inserting " the Committee on the Judiciary,"
and it will not therefore now be in order to move
any other reference.
Mr. VINTON. If the motion pending should
not prevail I give notice that 1 shall move a refer-
ence to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Tellers were now called for on the demand for
the previous question.
The Chair took the question,and declared that
the demand for the previous question was not
seconded.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (to the Speak-
er.) I presume that debate is now in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order on the
motion lo refer, and on the motion to print.
Mr- WINTHROP submitted to the Speaker
that tellers had been called for on the demand for
the previous question before the result had been
announced by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
demand for tellers* there is so much confusion in
the hall.
Mr. WENTWORTH, at the request-, he said,
of several gentlemen, would withdraw the demand
for the previous question, and would so modify his
motion to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary
as to substitute for it the motion suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to refer it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
.Union. And on that motion he demanded the
previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, objected, he said,
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
thus constantly changing his motion. The gen-
tleman had changed his motion three times. He
(Mr. J.) hoped the gentleman's course would be
arrested. If in his (Mr. J.'s) power, he should
object to any change in the gentleman's motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (to the
Speaker.) Can the gentleman from Illinois make
two motions at once ? He first moved to refer to the
Committee on the Judiciary; he then withdrew the
demand for the previous question, with which he
accompanied that motion, and adopted in its stead
a motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I merely modified my
motion, as I had a right to do.
Mr.- THOMPSON. Then you withdrew it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I only modified it. .
•The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
tellers were demanded on the motion for the pre-
vious question. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr-
Wentworth] then withdrew the demand, as he
had a right to do, modified his own motion from a
motion to amend by inserting the Committee on
the Judiciary, to a motion to refer to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
then renewed the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. If I under-
stand the gentleman's motion, should the demand
for the previous question be sustained, the ques-
tion will be first on, the motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and then, if that should be rejected, on the motion
to refer to the Committee on the Territories.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and was decided in the af-
firmative.
So there was a second. And the main question
was ordered to be now taken; (which main ques-
tion was first, on striking out the Committee on
the Territories and inserting the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.)
Mr. JONES said that, as he understood the
rules of order, the question should be first taken
on the motion to refer to the Committee on the
Territories, being the motion first submitted by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd.]
A long conversation followed between Mr.
JONES, Mr. McLANE of Maryland", and the
SPEAKER, involving the facts as to the precise
mode of proceeding, by which the House had
reached the state of the question as it now stood,
and some differences of opinion were expressed.
Mr. McLANE also made a point of order,
which the Speaker stated to be based on a mis-
taken state of facts, and which the Speaker over-
ruled.
The question was then taken on the modified
motion of Mr. Wentworth, and having been de-
cided in the affirmative—
The message and accompanying documents
were referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print, and, having been deciehsd in the affirmative
without a division—
The message and accompanying documents
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, before the decision was an-
nounced, rose and addressed the Speaker, but was
not recognized by the Speaker.
The result having been announced—
Mr. STANTON said he had risen to a point of
order on the question of printing.
The SPEAKER said it was now too late to
mMr.USTANTON submitted that he had ad-
dressed" the Chair before the descision was an-
nounced. , . , ,
The SPEAKER said the Chair had not under-
stood the gentleman as rising on the question of
P"jyr. It ANTON said he had risen and had dis-
tinctly addressed the Chair—his object being to
submit that the previous question did not apply
to the motion to print.
