THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 26, 1850.
New Series No. 91.
point of order that the motion to reconsider did not
open the merits of the subject, but that the debate
must be confined to the propriety of reconsidering:
the order.
The SPEAKER (pro. tem.) overruled the point
of order—remarking that the motion to reconsider
the motion to refer did not open the merits of the
subject, but that the motion to reconsider the mo-
tion to print did so.
Mr. CONRAD (considering this not in accord-
ance with previous decisions) appealed.
The SPEAKER (pro km.) stated the question
on the appeal. The point of order made was, that
the motion to reconsider the vote ordering this mes-
sage to be piinted did not open the merits of the
question involved in the message, but that the de-
bate must be confined to the question of printing-.
The Chair overruled this point of order; and the
■question was, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, referred to the fact
that long debates (one of which he specified) had
taken place from time to time in the House upon
motions to print.
The SPEAKER (pro ttm.) eaid, he had no
doubt in his own mind upon the question of or-
der.
Mr. CONRAD repeated, that he had been in-
formed otherwise as to the practice of the House;
but, as the Speaker and other gentlemen differed
with him, he would withdraw the point of order.
Mr. SAVAGE concluded his remarks as above.
Mr. WHITE moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SAVAGE withdrew the motion to recon-
sider; but said, if any gentleman wished to speak
he would renew it.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman to
state, unconditionally, whether he withdrew the
motion.
Mr. SAVAGE said hedtd withdraw the motion.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee un En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. W HiTE renewed the motion to reconsider,
previously made by Mr. Savage, and moved to
lay that motion on the table.
Pending the question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
petition;
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. ROCKWELL: Tfee petition of Eliphalet Pack-
ard and 19 other citizens of' Cummmcton, Massachusetts,
in favor of a modification or repeal ot the tanff law of 1846,
and the adoption ot the principle ot specific duties on im-
fJOi is.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 23, 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication fiom the Hon.
Tiiomas Cortvin:
Washington, July 22, 3850.
To the Hon W. R. King :
Pj esic lent pro tem. of the Senate of the United States :
fcia. 1 h.m; the horioi to request that you will lay before
the Senate the accompanying copy ot a letter addressed by
me to the Goveumi ol Ohio."
With sincere regaid; I have the honor to be,yont obedient
servant, ' THOMAS CORVViN.
Washington, July 22, 1H50.
To His Excellency Seabury Ford,
Governor oj the State oj Ohio:
Sir: I have to inform joi th.it I have been appointed
Secretary of the Treasury ol the United States, and that my
seat in the {Senate of the United States will be vacant from
this day.
With sentiments of high regaid, I am your obedient ser-
vant, THOMAS CORW1N.
NEW YORK AGRICULTURAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. DICICNISON presented, and asked that it
might be read, a resolution adopted by the Exec-
utive Committee of the New York State Agricul-
tural Society, inviting (he members of the Senate
and House of Representatives to attend their an-
nual exhibition, to be held in the city of Albany
on the 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th of September next.
91
The communication was read and ordered to lie
on the table.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide
for the increase of the medical staff of the army of
the United States; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have directed me to report a. bill to extend
the benefit of the 17th soction of the act to regulate
the intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to pre-
serve peace on the frontiers, approved the 3d June,
1834, to the citizens of Texas, Florida, and Ala-
hama. I trust the Senate will consent to consider
the bill now. It does nothing; more than ask that
the benefits of this section be extended to these
States subsequent to the Seminole war. I think it
ought to be extended to them on every principle of
justice and equity. This bill authorizes the citi-
zens of these States, who have sustained the loss
of property by reason of depredation committed
by any Indian or Indians in amity with the United
States, to apply to the agent or sub-agent, or the
commissioner of Indian Affairs; and, upon such
application, it is the duty of the agent or sub-agent,
or commissioner, to take proof of the amount of
damage sustained or the amount of property in-
jured; and, if the tribe to which the Indian or
Indians belong receive annuities from the United
States, to reserve the amount from such annuities.
If they receive no annuities, then that the United
States shall indemnify these parties out of the
Treasury. This is the sum and substance of the
bill.
The bill was then read a second time, and consid-
ered by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to call the attention
of the Senators from Florida and Alabama to the
bill, in order that we may proceed to fill up the
blank.
Mr. CLEMENS. I propose to fill the blank
with the words " the first day of June, 1836 " I
think, too, that the bill ought to be amended by
adding the words " and Georgia," after the words
" Florida and Alabama," and I move so to amend
it. There were some depiedations committed in
Georgia. j
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection to that i
amendment. I
The question was then taken on the amendment, j
and it was agreed to. j
Mr. YULEE. I move to amend the proposi- j
tion of the Senator from Alabama, by filling the |
blank with the words " the tenth day of May, I
1842." !
Mr. ATCHISON. I think, Mr. President, it will
perhaps be better to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill till to-morrow, so that we can
consult as to the best mode of filling up the blank.
The further consideration of the bill was accord-
ingly postponed until to-morrow.
' CLERKS IN THE MILITARY BUREAUS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the Senate to take up
bill No. 267. The object of the bill is to classify
the clerks m the War Department, and to equa'ize
their salaries. It has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I presume will
meet with no opposition.
The bill to provide for the classification of the
clerks in the military bureaus, and to equalize
their salaries, was then read a second time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DOWNS. This seems to be a very im-
portant bill, and I should like to know where it
came from. It is too important a measure to be
taken up and passed on the spur of the moment,
without consideration. It seems to provide for a
great many extra and large salaries, and it appears
to me that it would be rather hasty to dispose of
so important a measure without more information
on the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana, that this bill
does not increase the number of clerks at all. Jt
leaves them just as they were with regard to
numbers. It merely classifies them, and equalizes
and graduates their salaries. It does not increase
their number, but it is to put the War Department
on the same footing with the other departments,
which at present is not the case. This is ail the
change which is contemplated. This bill has been
reported by the Military Committee, and has been
lying on the table for a considerable time.
Mr. DAVIS, of M ississippi. I hope there is no
necessity for explaining further the object of the
bill. Its design is well known, both to the Senate
and the country. It must also be well known that
in the organization of new bureaus, the clerks in
these departments are receiving higher compensa
tion than those in the older departments, in the
War Department, which is the oldest, the clerks
have been receiving a less compensation than m
some of the others. Sir, I believe there is no class
of the community so poorly paid, according to
their attainments and the duties which they have
to perform, as the clerks in the bureaus. There
are frequently to be found there men of high clas-
sical attainments, and who render very important
services to the country; and it is no reflection on
the heads of bureaus to say that it not unfre-
quently occurs that the clerks are more competent
than they are. In all the oldest bureaus, the law
bears in this way with peculiar hardship, and so
it has been considered by every committee who
have examined this subject, fiom 1815 to this day.
The bill which is now before the Senate is the
same as was reported last session of Congress, and
I can add no better reasons for us passage than
those which I then gave to the Senate, and hope
the bill will he passed without objection.
Mr. DOWNS. I did not rise to offer any ob-
jection to the bill, but merely to obtain such infor-
mation in regard to it as appeared to be necessary.
And, having obtained such information as satisfies
me, from the chairman of the Military Committee,
I have no objection to the passage of the bill. It
appeared to me to be a very important bill, and as
I knew nothing of its provisions, I was anxious to
know what they were.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
ordered to he engrossed for a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, aaked
and obtained lea\e to introduce a bill for the relief
of Ebenezer Dumont, which was read a fiist and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
HOUND ISLAND.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I beg to offer the
following resolution:
Resolveil, That the Secretary of tlie Navy transmit to the
Senate copies of the in-strut lions?, orders, and concspond-
ence relating to the assemblage-* ot pei.-on^ oil Kound I-!ar>d,
anil referred to iu Ins Intel ot the 5th ot Juno last, (Execu-
tive document 5i,) a< having beta lurniohed to the £Jj.esideiit
on the 30ih ot M-iy last.
This is a resolution calling for papers which,
from an error as to the period of the introduction
and passage of a resolution of the Senate, have
failed to reach the Senate, and the reply refers to
papers which, owing to this accident, never arrived.
The papers aie, consequently, not in the posession
of the Senaie. It is in order to obtain the first an-
swer that has not reached the Senate that 1 offer
this resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
RESOLUTION ADOPTED.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That tiie Secretary of the Interior he directed
to turni^h ihe tienate witii tin- inloim.iUon in his depart-
ment relative to the piesent condition oi the swamp and
vvrfiowi-d }an<i^ of Louisiana, with copies of any reports?
that may have been recently made on this subject; .tl&o3 a",
estimate ol the area of bvvamp lands m that stale, and ot
those subject to overfiuw which haw bt en sold l>} the United
Stales; with a statement of the gcrieQil character of the
lands that still lemam the property of the Government atte 
