1442.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
the swamp and overflowed lands granted by the act of 2d
March, I8J9, shall be certified to the Suite, classifying those
land^, and giung the nmnber ofacres in each class.
THREE MONTHS' EXTRA-PAY CLAIMS.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the
amendment of the House of Representatives to the
resolution of the Senate for restoring the settlement
of the three months' extra-pay claims to the ac-
counting officers of theTreasury, and, on motion,
it was ordered that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the order of the day, being the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union, to
establish Territorial Governments for Utah and
New Mexico, and making proposals to Texas for
the establishment of her western and northern
boundaries.
And after some time spent in the consideration
of the bill, and the various amendments, (an ac-
count of which will be-found in the Appendix,)
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 24, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. NE W ELL asked leave to offer a resolution.
Mr. WENTWOUTH rose and stated that his
name was incorrectly omitted upon the vote to
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table, he having been present, and voted
in the negative.
Ordered, that the Journal be amended accord-
ingly.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, the
■vote by which the petitions of sundry citizens of
the United States, praying indemnity for Fiench
spoliations prior to the year 1800, was laid upon
the table, was reconsidered.
The said motion to lay upon the table was with-
drawn; and,
On motion by Mr. McL., by unanimous con-
Bent,the said petitions were committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion by Mr. McL., the vote by which the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union was discharged from the further consid-
eiation of the bill of the House to establish anew
collection district in the Territory of Minnesota,
and for other purposes, and the same was referred'
to the Committee of Ways and Means, was re-
considered. v
The question recurring upon the motion to dis-
charge and refer the same, was withdrawn.
On motion by Mr. MeL., the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of ihe bill
of the House authorizing the construction of a
custom-house in the city of Cincinnati, and it was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The resolution proposed by Mr. Newell was
read for information, as follows:
Reso'ved, That the Committee nil Commerce Ik: instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot making appropriation- to
remove oMructions from the mouths of Shrewsbury anil
Msnasquau rivers, on the Atlantic coast of New Jersey •
al.-o, into the expediency of making appropriations to 'pro-
vide means for the preservation oflife and property by shin-
wreck, simil'at to those now in use on the Long Island and
New J«rse.v shores, to be located, one at Watcih Hill Point
near the dividing hue between Connecticut and Rhode
jsland, one on the south side of Manasquan river, New
Ji rsev; others between those already established on Lona
islam); and others between Cape May and Cape Hattera!
on the Atlantic coast; aim, to paint the houses already
erected by order of the last Congiess, and to nroyide cer-
tain aiticles for them, which are now wanting; and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
he regular order of business.
T1GRE ISLAND.
The first business in order was the motion yes-
terday made by the gentleman from NewYoik
[Mr. White,] to reconsider the vote by which
the message of the President, of the 22d instant
in answer to the resolution of the House of the
24th of January last, in relation to Tigre Island
Was ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and to lay that
motion on the table.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. BURT insisted upon the regular order of
business.
In pursuance of this order—
The SPEAKER commenced the call of the
committees for reports, commencing with the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United
States; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, with the report accom-
panying, ordered to be printed.
POSTAGE—SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. POTTER also reported, under instructions
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, the following resolution, viz:
Resolwl, That the House bill to reduce and modify the
rates ol postage be made the special order for the first Tues-
day in August next, and from day to day until the same is
disposed of.
Mr. BAYLY said, he hoped the House would
make no more special orders.
The SPEAKER. This lesolution can only be
enteitained by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYLY and others objected.
Mr. POTl'ER said, he had been instructed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
report the resolution. His opinion was, that it
was in order; if the Chair decided otherwise, he
should take an appeal.
The SPEAKER repeated his decision ruling the
the resolution out of order. The House, he said,
could not, except by a suspension of the roles,
make a special order, whether by a report from a
standing committee, or by resolution offered by
an individual member. Such waa the rule of the
House; and such was the invariable practice of the
House. |
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the reading of
the rule.
The SPEAKER read the 136th rule, in part, as
follows:
"No standing rule or order of the House shall he rescinded
or changed without one da^'s notice bein<  given of the mo-
tion th.'ofor; nor shall any rule besu^pendtd, except by a
vote ot'at lea>t two thirds of the members prr-sent; nor shall
tiie order of business, as esuhlu-tx.d by the rules, be post-
poned, or changed, exci pt by a vote o( at least two thirds
ot tlic members present.5'
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the resolution was ruled out of order.
On motion by Mr. POTTER, the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Nathan Lee, praying compensation for carrying
the mail, and it was ordered to lie on the table. °
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, reported back
with an amendment, Senate bill entitled "An act to
enable the corporation of Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to construct certain works therein
mentioned, and for other purposes;" which, with
the remonstrance of tile citizens of Georgetown
against the passage of said bill, were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill making a grant of public lands to the Dis-
trict of Columbia tor school purposes; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, leported the fol-
lowing resolution, viz:
I, That the bills reported from the Committee on
the Ui-tnct of Columbia, be made the special order oi the
day lor tile second Friday in Augu-t next, and be con^id-
untd d^p"" U' Wh,d' they 5tan<1 °n
The resolution having been read, objection was
made.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. BROWN. Send it back to me.
CONSTRUCTION OP LAWS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to have prepared and communicated to tins limine,
at the commencement "f the next session, all liie opinion*
of the Attorneys General of the United States, delivered
since the first day of March, 1841, which give construction
to the public taws not now m force.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. THOMPSON moved its adoption. He
said that the resolution only required these opin-
ions to be collected and reported, not printed.
They had all been reported and printed up to
March, 1841.
No amendment having been offered—
The question was taken, and the resolution waa
adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill sup-
plementary to the act entitled " An act for the re-
duction of the costs and expenses of proceeding
against ships and vessels;" which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Sylvester Pettibone; which
was read a first jind_ second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered te> be
printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report, which was ordered to he on the
table and be printed, upon the petition of James
Uppinghouse and other heirs of Joseph Upping-
house, praying for the passage of a law to cancel
certain land warrants issued to their father, and
asking that the same be issued to their mother.
On motion by Mr. T., the Committee on the
Judiciary was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Victor Morass, praying
for the passage of an act by Congress to authorize
him to enter a certain quantity of land; and it was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
PUBLIC LIBRARY OP ALABAMA.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back, with-
out amendment, a joint resolution of the House,
instiucting the Secretary of State to furnish to the
State of Alabama duplicates of books and docu-
ments heretofore supplied by Congress, and which
were destroyed by the recent burning of the State
capitol of said State.
Mr. T. asked that the resolution be put upon
its passage.
The resolution was read.
Mr. T. called for the reading of the report,
showing what documents the Secretary of State
had on hand.
The report was read.
The joint resolution was then read a third time,
and passed.
WILLIAM MAXWELL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the
relief of William Maxwell, late marshal for the
District of Georgia; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, asked that the bill
might be put upon its passage. The case, he said,
was one which had strong claims upon the con-
sideration of the House; and, if the House would
consent, he would make a statement of the facts.
The SPEAKER said, that the gentleman was
in order.
Mr. FOWLER asked that the bill might be
read.
And it was read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the reading of the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary. ■
And it was read.
Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia, then proceeded in
his remarks. In support of his motion he stated
that William Maxwell, former marshal of the
district of Georgia, was now in danger of the en-
forcement of an execution against htm for a debt
never received by him or his deputy. A judgment
had been rendered,m the year 1824, against a post-
master and his security, in Georgia. A ft. fa. had
been issued upon it, and a levy made upon prop-
erty of the principal. The judgment was paid
to the deputy of a former maishal, and the money
never paid over. Subsequent to Maxwell's coming
into office, a second, or other Ji.fa. was issued and
placed in the hands of his deputy, who, ascetlain-
