£48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
The SPEAKER regretted that the gentleman
had nptv been recognized, but said that the Chair
had no- difficulty in overruling the point of order,
inasmuch, as tfae previous question applied to the
motion to print equally as to the'motion to refer.
Mr. !§TA££TON. Then 1 move to reconsider
the vo.te by which the message and dpcuments
have been ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. THURMAN. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative?
The SPEAKER. There was no division.
Mr, STANTON was proceeding to speak 
JVTr- DUER, (to the Chair.) Is'it in, order to
move that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The motion would bie in or-
der if the gentleman had the floor to make it.
Mr. DUER was under the impression (he said)
that after one hour had elapsed, the motion to go
into Committee on the Whole on the state of the
Union was in order, even though another gentle-
man had the floor.
The SPEAKER stated what the rule was.
Mr. DUER appealed to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to yield the floor, so as
to allow the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hil-
liard,] who had commenced his remarks yester-
day in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to conclude.
Mr. STANTON said he would certainly do so,
if he could have the floor when that gentleman
[Mr. Hilliard] had concluded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have the
floor whenever the motion to reconsider is called
*Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to ex-
press the hope that the motion would be disposed
of, so that the House might go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON then addressed the House as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: I presume the motion to print
the message on your table will open up the whole
question concerning the admission of California as
a State, and the circumstances which led to the
formation of the constitution which is now pre-
sented. With this understanding, sir, I shall enter
upon the discussion; and I think 1 shall not fail to
confine myself strictly to the subject thus brought
directly before us.
Mr. Speaker, every member of this House,
who was here during the last Congress, must have
been deeply impressed with the proceedings of those
two memorable sessions. Upon some occasions,
the excitement growing out of the slavery question
was intense; while, at all times, its shadow brood-
ed over the deliberations of the two Houses, like
that ominously silent and sultry atmosphere which
engenders storms, or betokens some disastrous
convulsion of nature.
The condition of things at the present moment
is greatly changed—1 deplore the necessity which
compels me to say—not for the better. While the
symptoms exhibited during the last Congress were
undoubtedly alarming, the disease itself, however
violent and acute, might have yielded to remedies
judiciously adopted and firmly administered. But
I fear now the disease of the body-politic has be-
come chronic and inveterate. It extends through-
out the whole system, and with its subtle poison
taints every organ of the public service. Almost
one-fourth of the long session has been consumed
in the effort to organize this House; and, in every
election, from that of Speaker down to that of Door-
keeper, this fatal question has entered as a sinister
but powerful element. During this long process,
the House has been comparatively quiet, and spec-
tators have expressed their amazement, and some-
times their gratification, at the little excitement
which has characterized these proceedings. I sin-
cerely wish I could see them m the same light,
and with the#same complacency. But to me, sir,
they present themselves m far more sombre colors.
1 think I see in them the sallow hue, the listless
mood, and the languid action of a patient, thor-
oughly diseased, and insensible to that almost inev-
itable stroke of fate which seems to be impending.
At the expiration of the last Congress this ques-
tion, however embarrassing, was extremely sim-
ple. The difficulties surrouudwg it, though un-
doubtedly great, were clearly, defined and well
understood. Territorial governments, with, or
without the exclusion of slavery, was the whole
problem. This solved, sati^a^torily, every dan-
ger would have vanished in. an hour, and the sta-
bility of this Union would have been secured for
an indefinite period.' But thfs momentous quesr
tion, then so simple, has now, b.y the course of
events, and especially by the action of the Execu-
tive and his advisers, become grea.tly, complicated.
It, is nolpnger a question, involving a single point
of cons,titutional;doctrine or of sectional justice, but
it has 'd'mwn into its vortex numerous \yeighty
questions, of constitutional law, of executive au-
thority, of territorial dependency, and; of high, po-
litical, expediency;, while not a single original fea-
ture of the question—not one of its dangers or
difficulties—has been removed. The existing Ad-
ministration is responsible for this perilous cringe.
Acting under the restraints of its position—com-
pelled by the force of the circumstances, or rather I
should say, the devices and stratagems which
brought it into, power—it has been obliged to alter
the whole character of the question, in order to
save us own reputation in the eyes of the country.
Pledged, by its supporters, to both sides of the
question in its simple original form, ihe only sal-
vation of the Administration was in changing the
shape of the measure, with the vain hope of sub-
duing its difficulties or hiding them from the eyes
of the people. But it will be found, sir, in the
investigation of this subject, that this profound
expedient has utterly failed, and that it has in-
volved the whole matter in still more inextricable
difficulties and perils.
In spite., Mr. Speaker, of the ungenerous at-
tempt of, President Taylor to throw the responsi-
bility of the present state of things, or a portion
of it, upon the shoulders of his predecessor, it is
impossible for any one to mistake the true condi-
tion of the great question at the close of Mr. Polk's
administration. There stands the admirable let-
ter of Mr. Buchanan—a clear and beautiful sum-
mary of the policy of that Cabinet—a pillar of
light, worthy to guide the footsteps of patriots, in
these dark and perilous times. You see in that
document a profound knowledge of the true rela-
tions existing betsveen the Territory of California
and the States of this Union. You see there no
attempt to encourage the people of California'' tp
effect a change of those relations. On the contra-
ry, they are exhorted to be patient, to be quiet,
and to rely upon the justice and the fostering care
of the parental Government. They are told that
Congress will eventually give them a tentorial
organization; and above all they are warned against
the delusive hope of bettering their condition by
attempting to anticipate the action of Congress.
And in language almost prophetic, they are as-
sured that such a course will be full of peril and
i trouble. The author of that letter seems to have
| looked upon the subject with the profound peue-
I tration of a great statesman, and to have foreseen
the very difficulties which now embarrass us, as
the inevitable consequences of the policy which
has been adopted. 1 cannot forego the pleasure
of reading those sentences of the letter in which
these sentiments are distinctly avowed. Mr. Bu-
chanan says:
The President deeply regrets that Congress did not, at
then lust session, establish a territorial government foi Cal-
ifornia. It would now be vain to enter into the leasons for
tins omission. Whatever those may have been, lie is firuily
convinced that Congiess lee! a deep interest in the welfare
of California and its people, and will, at an e^rly period of
the next session, provide lor them a territonal government
suited to their wants.
The President urgently advises the people of California to
live peaceably and quietly under the exi&ung government.
He believes that this, will piomote their lasting and best in-
terests. If it be hot what they could dcs>ue, .md had a tight
to expect, they can console themselves win- Hie reflection
that it will endure hut for a few months, tj. ould they at-
tempt a change, or amend it during this buef period, Uiey
most probably could not accomplish their oi.ji-ct beiore the
Government established by Congiess would into opera-
tion. In the mean time, thr country would !>e Jisncated, the
citizens would be withdrawn from their u u.il employ-
ments, and domestic strife might divide and e,\a-perate the
people against each other; and this all to establish a gov-
ernment which, in no conceivable contingency, could en-
dure for a sinalf year. During this brief period it is better
to bear the ills they have than to fly to others they Know
not of.
But, above all, the Constitution of the United States, the
safeguard of all our civil rights, was extended over Califor-
nia on the 30th May, 1848, the day on which our late treaty
with Mexico was finally consummated. Fioni that day its
inhabitant* became entitled to all the blessings and benefits
resulting fiom the best foim of civil government ever estab-
lished amongst men. That they will prove worthy of this in-
estimable boon, no doubt is entertained.
In these three paragraphs is,contained the whole
gist of President Polk's policy. It was to await
the action of Congress, and it pointed with un-
mistakable clearness to the establishment of a ter-
ritorial government without the prohibition of
slavery by the. Federal power. This was the
single great question—surrounded with difficulties
it may be—but free from all collateral complica-
tions; and the policy of Mr. Buchanan was to
march up to this single question—to meet it full
in the face, and to settle it upon this original
ground, with,out attempting to escape the respon-
sibility involved in a course so frank and manly.
He relied upon the honesty and patriotism of the
American people; and, northern man as he was,
in that day of faction on the part of some, and
faltering on that of'others, he staked his political
existence on this decisive movement. It is in
vain to refer to the opinions or the unauthorized
acts of military commanders in that distant Terri-
tory. This letter is adopted, in its whole scope,
by the Secretary of War under the late Adminis-
tration, and it is sent as instructipns to the com-
manding officer in California. There, plainly de-
fined, are the metes and bounds—the self-imposed
restraints of Executive power, according to the
views of the late President.
I repeat, sir, this was a frank and manly policy.
It appealed to the patriotism of the whole country,
and leaned for support upon the sacred compro-
mises of the Constitution. It sought not, by any
subterfuge, to evade the true issue. It did not at-
tempt, by any artifice, to cover up any one of the
legitimate difficulties of the sub,ect; nor did it re-
sort to any of the arts of political legerdemain to
change the form and appearance of the question—
to gild the bitter pill, and to delude the people of
the southern Slates so far as to induce them to
swallow the poison.
Such was the position in which Mr. Polk's ad-
ministration left this question—in this plain and
undisguised form the legacy was bequeathed to his
successor. But no sooner has General Taylor
seized the reins of power than all this is changed.
A straightforward policy is no longer possible," be-
cause the tortuous road which conducted him to
the Presidency, renders it imperative upon him to
follow a similar path in all his official progress.
Upon every act of the Administration must inevit-
ably be Btamped the1 duplicity and fraud of its
origin. In using this language, which may seem
to be harsh, I refer rather to General Taylor's sup-
porters than to the General himself, and to the pal-
pably contradictory opinions ascribed to him at the
opposite ends of this Confederacy. Out of this
indisputable double-dealing arises the absolute
necessity of doing what the California message
discloses to us has been done by the Presidentand
his Cabinet. We might have predicted these
measures from the very circumstances I have men-
tioned, with which they are linked by the indis-
soluble bond of cause and effect; of motive and
purpose.
Thus far, sir, we have the policy of President
Polk, and the motives for a change on the part of
his successor. Now let us see what that change
has been, and what consequences must inevitably
ensue if the scheme should be successful.
I will not attempt to repeat what was so perti-
nently and eloquently said by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,] as to the usurpation of
power by the Executive—power, both legislative
and judicial. I concur in every word of his argu-
ment; and I condemn the usurpation as disastrous
in the result, if successful, and dangerous as a pre-
cedent, under all circumstances. I admire the
generosity with which that gentleman treated the
Secretary of State as to that part of his letter to
Mr. King, in which it is plain the latter had re-
ceived verbal instructions, the nature of which is
but too apparent upon the face of the document
which unequivocally refers to them. For the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Virginia, confined
as it was to the great points of constitutional law,
nothing more was necessary than what was ex-
pressed in the paper itself. But a more searching
investigation—a closer criticism—is demanded by
the extraordinary character of these instructions
to this extraordinary agent,
I read from Mr. Clayton's letter of instruc-
tions to Mr. King:
"You are fully possessed of the President's views, and
can with propriety suggest to the people ef California the
adoption of measures best calculated to give them effect.
