1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1448
in? that the first execution hat! been paid many
years before, returned upon it " this execution has
been paid." Upon this return suit was brought
against Maxwell, and, before he could obtain evi-
dence to explain this return, a judgment was
awarded against him in the District Court of
Georgia. A few days after, he possessed himself
of the evidence, and applied for relief to the Post
Office Department. Enforcement of the execution
agamst Maxwell was suspended, and remained
suspended until the present year, when Maxwell
was notified that the execution would be enforced.
At the instance of the honorable Mr. Berrien,
Senator from Georgia, and of Mr. Jackson, the
present Auditor of the Post Office Department
had granted a further suspension, in hopes that the
money might be collected out of the estate of the
former marshal, whose deputy had collected the
money. Mr. Maxwell was now an aged man—a
man of high respectability—who had performed,
honorably and satisfactorily, all the duties of his
office, and had long since resigned it. He now
applies to the Congress of his country for relief.
The execution, otherwise, might hereafter be en-
forced against his family. As he had never re-
ceived one dollar of the money; as no deputy of
his had ever received one dollar of it; as the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary had unanimously reported
in his favor, Mr. J. trusted that the House would
take up the bill, and immediately put it upon its
passage.
Mr. CROWELL said, that he had listened with
attention to the report of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary which had been read, and to the explana-
tion which had been made by the gentleman from
Gtorgia, [Mr. Jackson.] And he could not, from
all that he had heard, discover that this case was
distinguished from any other which appropriately
belonged to the Committee of Claims, and by that
committee brought to the consideration of the
House. It was not distinguished in any of ils
features from that class of claims so frequently
presented for relief. And, so far as his (Mr. C. 's)
information went, he never had seen a claim of
this kind passed upon by the Committee on the
Judiciary. He had confidence in that committee,
but claims of this kind did not belong to them. If
he recollected right, a claim which passed the
House during the last Congress was reported fa-
vorably from that committee, and that claim as
well as this ought to have gone to the Committee
of Claims. The Committee of Claims had estab-
lished rules by which they were governed in their
decisions upon claims of this kind, and of every
other description. There was no question in-
volved here which rendered it necessary to invoke
the interposition of the Committee on the Judici-
ary. It was a simple question whether a certain
officer of the Federal Government should be re-
lieved from the effects of a series of blunders and
inattention to business, running through a series
of years—whether, to give that relief, an amount
of money should be abstracted from the public
Treasury, or rather, whether that amount should
not go into the Treasury of the United States
at all. If the present, or the late marshal had at-
tended to his business as an officer should, he
might have amended his returns so as to have pre-
vented a judgment being rendered against him, if
the facts were as embodied in the report and as
stated in the explanation of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jackson.] It was not within the
competency of the House to know the rules which
uniformly governed the Committee of Claims in
their action on these cases. He remembered that
durin  the last Congress, an application of a simi-
lar kind came before the Committee of Claims
from the State of Virginia, where an officer—a
marshal probably—had, by his own laches, or neg-
ligence, suffered a judgment to be rendered against
him in the District Court. And the principle
which the committee applied to that claim was,
that they would not grant relief in cases of that
kind. The committee were unanimous in reject-
ing that claim. And he would appeal to the chair-
man of the Committee of Claims [Mr. Daniel]
to say if that rule had not been uniformly applied
in relation to such claims. He (Mr. C.) for one
was unwilling to sit here and not object to the pas-
sage of claims of this kind, involving as it did a
departure from the rules which had heretofore
governed the committee and the House. He made
these remarks with entire respect to the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] and the members of the committee. But it
was a claim which did not belong to that commit-
tee. And it was not to be presumed that they were
familiar with the rules that governed the Com-
mittee of Claims in deciding upon cases of this
description. He (Mr. C.) must, therefore, sub-
mit the motion, (which he made with entire respect
to the Committee on the Judiciary,) that the bill
and report be referred to (he Committee of Claims,
that it might pass under their supervision, and be
subject to the rules which that committee had es-
tablished in passing upon this and all other claims
of this description. He hoped the motion would
be agreed to.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. STANLY then said, that the amounl in-
volved in this claim was some one hundred
and twenty or one hundred and fifty dollars. It
had already cost that amount in the time which
it had occupied. He was not generally in favor
of passing claims in this way; and he thought that
before they were acted upon, the appropriation
bills should be passed. But after the report which
had been read from the Committee on he Judi-
ciary, and the statement which had been made by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] he
was opposed to another reference of the bill to the
Committee of Claims, and was willing to vote for
its passage. He, therefore, moved the previous
question.
There was a second. The na.'.in question was
ordered, and, being taken, first, on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of Claims, was de-
cided in the negative
So the bill was not referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Th? question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. CROWELL asked if it was in order to
move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER said it was not in order, as the
House were now acting under the previous ques-
tion.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. CROWELL objected to its reading at this
time.
So the bill liea over.
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
joint resolution from the Senate relative to the
payment of dividends or interest on war bounty
scrip; which was read the third time and passed.
Mr RICHARDSON moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not expired.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it m order to make that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, appealed to
the gentleman to withdraw his motion, to enable
him to make a further report from the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RICHARDSON insisted upon his motion,
and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
And the question being taken, was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 71, noes 52.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY addressed the Chair, and was rec-
ognized.
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the first
business in order was the California message.
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay aside this message,
and take up the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending 30th June, 1851.
He said that this was the appropriation bill usu-
ally first acted on, and he wished to proceed with
the bills in their usual order.
| Mr. WENTWORTH inquired what was the
I first business before the committee?
I The CHAIRMAN. The California message.
Mr. BAYLY. Have not the appropriation bills
precedence over all others except special orders,?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order to move
to lay aside the California message to take up any
one of the general appropriation bills, since they
are especially provided for by the rule. But the
Chair would state that no other bill than one of
the general appropriation bills can be reached ex-
cept by moving the postponement, on^by one, of
all the bills on the calendar preceding it.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, requested the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to state to the committee the Older in which he
proposed to take up the general appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN said this could be done after
the California bill was laid aside. It was not now
in order, except by general consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. WENTWORTH insisted upon the busi-
ness in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia is in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose to a point of order,
and inquired if there was not an order of the
House directing the committee to vote upon the
California bill?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that an order had
been passed directing the debate to close. The
Chair, however, consideied it competent for the
committee to lay the bill aside.
Mr. WENTWORTH and Mh PRESTON
KING respectively called for the reading of the
order of the House.
Some search ensued, and the order not being
immediately at hand—
Mr. PRESTON KING said it was the usual
order directing the committee to proceed to vote
upon the amendments then pending and to be of-
fered, and to report the bill to the House. He
would not detain the committee by insisting upon
its being read. Did the Chair decide that it was
competent for the conimitiee to lay the bill aside?
The CHAIRMAN stated that he did so decide.
Mr. KING said be should not appeal from the
decision, though he considered it incorrect. The
i motion now pending, he believed, was to lay aside
the California message.
The CHAIRMAN replied, that, it was to lay
aside that message with the view, as the gentle-
man from Vnginia had stated, of taking up the
appropriation bills.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, repeated his re-
quest to Mr. Bayly to state to the committee the
order in which he proposed to take up the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected.
Mr. BAYLY desired to inquire of the Chair, in
case his motion to lay aside the California message
should prevail, and the Military Academy appro-
priation bill should be taken up and acted on, if
they would not then recur to the California mes-
sage?
The Chairman's reply was not heard.
Messrs. Cabell, of Florida, and Harris, of
Tennessee, were appointed tellers.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 93, noes CO.
So the California question was laid aside.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Military
j Academy for the year ending 30th June, 1851, was
i then taken up.
The bill was read entire.
Mr. BAYLY. If there be no amendment to
this bill, I move that it be laid aside to be reported
to the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH addressed the Chair, and
was recognized.
The CHAIRMAN stated that no amendment
was in order until the reading of the bill by sec-
tions was commenced.
The first section was read.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, ho should make
the usual pro forma motion to strike out the first
section of the bill, because, by so doing, the whole
state of the Union would be under discussion, and
he thereby could submit the remarks which he
felt called upon to submit by the extraordinary
vole just taken. ,
The committee would bear witness, that by no
