1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
act, and by no word of his, had the admission of
California been retarded for a single moment. From
the commencement of the session, he had been
for action, and against all discussion. Tongue-
tied, he had wrought with all his energies to hasten
the admission of California. There never had been
any necessity of discussion. The people under-
stood all about the merits of the case, and all about
the bearings of slavery upon it.
The vote that had been taken was an extraordi-
nary one. California had been virtually rejected.
The country would be astonished at the result. The
country may not understand it at first, yet it wdl
eventually; and members may as well be frank
upon the matter first as last. He preferred to speak
out now, and let the people know that the worst
had come. The bill admitting; California had been
postponed until the next session, and by the cast-
ing vote of its professed friends, too. The enemies
of California could not alone have done what had
just been done.
His experience had satisfied him, that when the"
appropriation bills were passed, Congress invaria-
bly adjourned. We have now laid aside the Cali-
fornia bill to lake up the appropriation bills, and
that, too, under the lead of men who are avowedly
opposed to the admission of California. These
men understand what they are about. They are
old and experienced members. They play to win.
In the House of Representatives, where the ayes
and noes could be called, the attempt to lay aside
California has never prevailed, nor do I believe
it ever could prevail under the yeas and nays. But
here, sir, in this committee, where no record is
kept, it has been laid aside, and that, too, by the
votes of men who voted exactly the other way in
the House.
Have those men been deceived ? My regard for
their honesty compels me to believe they have
been, whilst my regard for their good sense com-
pels me to believe they have not been. The case
is a plain one. They may, however, have yet an
opportunity to explain their positions; and I call
their attention to it. Soon this bill will be finished,
and the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means will make the motion to lay aside the Cali-
fornia bill once more. Then, if gentlemen do not
wish the California bill postponed until the next
session, tney should leave the company of the
enemies of California's admission, and go with its
friends against the proposition.
Mr. W. called the attention of new members to
the fact that it would take until near September to
dispose of the appropriation bills; and then, in
his opinion, it would be impossible to keep Con-
gress m session.
Indeed, he began to fear that there was a class
of northern politicians who profited by this eter-
nal conflict between the North and the South.
They seemed to have everything to gain and noth-
tng to lose by keeping it open. Mr. W. had
been one of those from the beginning, who, by
all his votes, had labored to settle this question
touching our new Territories. It has been and now
is, in the power of the North to settle it. It has
a majority in both Houses, and could settle it as it
pleased. And why did it not do so? Becauso
there was a balance-of-power party in the North,
who hoped to advance their political fortunes by
playing into the hands of the South. They did
not want the slavery question settled, and had often
prevented its settlement by their own votes.
California has asked for admission. Admit her,
and that settles the question, so far as she is con-
cerned. Why lay her aside, as has just been
done, except to agitate and to irritate ? it is m the
power of northern members to admit her when-
ever they please, and the people should so under-
stand it.
The same of New Mexico. She has adopted
her constitution. Why should she be kept out of
the Union by northern votes, unless because they
hope to profit by agitation? When New Mexico
and California are admitted, much of the existing
embarrassment in the legislation of this country is
removed. Their admission is now being pre-
vented, not by southern, but by northern votes.
I will agree_ to pay Texas liberally for her claim
to the portion of New Mexico she claims. Dis-
connect that question from that of admitting Cali-
fornia, and it can be settled at once. No man
will act more liberally towards Texas than I will,
if she will surrender her claim, and take her pay
in money. There remains but one question more,
and that is in relation to Deseret. I am willing to
admit it as a State, or to organize it as a Territory,
under the provisions of the celebrated ordinance
of 17S7.
Mr. W. said ho only alluded to these mailers
to show how easy it was to settle them if the
North would only be united. He could not, hp
would not, censure the South. For all the exer-
tions of the South could delay the settlement of
all these questions but for a few weeks, if northern
men would but do their duty.
And yet Mr. W. thought it one of the most re-
markable curiosities of the day, that the men who
denounced slavery agitation the most were the
very ones that did the most to encourage it. On
their tongues' ends is always the cry for settle-
ment,and yet, when achance for settlement comes,
they are the first to scorn it. The confinement of
slavery to its present limits was not only the quick-
est and surest way to stop the progress of fanati-
cism and abolitionism, but it was the only possi-
ble way in which it could be done, to his knowl-
edge.
He entreated northern men who had just now
deserted the friends of California, to return when
the next bill came up. Unless they did so, they
could not avoid the charge of opposing the admis-
sion of California. For, if it come m at this ses-
sion at all, it must come in before the appropriation
bills were acted upon.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. WENTWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would be glad to know'
from the gentleman from Illinois, for the informa-
tion of the House, if it is now to be understood
that the Free-Soilers are to change front, and here-
after oppose the appropriation bills, as a part of
their California policy ? This charge has been
made against the South; and now, when we are
ready to pass the appropriation bills, I want it dis-
tinctly understood if the Free-Soilers are going to
oppose the appropriations?
Mr. WENTWORTH. That is just the point
I was coming at. But I will first say to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas that I cannot speak for the
Free-Soil party. I never have attended thecaucuses
of any other party, nor voted for the ticket of any
other party than the Democratic party. And a ma-
jority of that party from the North as represented
on this floor has ever been, on any test vote, in
favor of the Wilmot proviso. If he refers to the
Democrats of the North opposed to the extension of
slavery, I will now say what I was about saying
when he interrupted me, that I believe not a man of
them will vote to adjourn until the appropriation
bills pass. Certainly I will not.
Indeed. I think all this cry about the loss of the
appropriation bills is a humbug—a mere pretence
on the part of men pledged to support California,
for indirectly staving off the vote upon its admis-
sion. I do not believe that there is a single man,
North or South, that intends adjourning until the
appropriation bills are passed. And Mr. W.
wished he could say as much for California.
But (Mr.- W. said) he was violating a solemn
resolution of his, made before he came here, at the
commencement of this session, to give no encour-
agement to any discussion upon this worn-out
topic, one that the children at school understand
as well as we. Yet he could not refrain when
pointing out to the less experienced members upon
this floor, that he looked upon the vote this morn-
ing as a test vote; and, should it be repeated upon
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means' next moves to lay aside California for an
appropriation bill, the slightest doubt that any
man can create in his mind by any explanation of
his own course, will be forever removed, and he
should consider all hopes of admitting California
at this session as gone forever.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he was surprised at
the new-born zeal of the member from the Chicago
district. That gentleman, at the last session, was
understood to be opposed to making provision for
the future admission of California into the Union
as a State. Not only he, but all the other Aboli-
tionists of the then House, were understood—and
no doubt truly understood—to be opposed to the
measure. They predicted, in dolorous accents,
that the consequencc of such a measure would be
to permit slavery to go into California, and that
once having established itself there, it would be
recognized and confirmed by the constitution of
the proposed State of California. The result had
proved otherwise. California had since formed a
State constitution, the opposition of these gentle-
men to the contrary notwithstanding, and now
applied for admission into the Union, prohibiting
slavery. So much for the previous opposition and
predictions of these psuedo friends of California.
What no w of the present position of these same
gentlemen? They profess to be in favor of the
admission of California; but, no doabt, for the
same reason that they were formerly opposed to
her admission. They formerly opposed her ad-
mission, because her area was an addition of such
to the territory, in regaid to which they could
agitate the question of slavery. They now favor
her admission as a separate measure, because the
result will be, to leave the Territories of Utah and
New Mexico open for the application of the pro-
viso. Thus, what at first view appears inconsist-
ent, upon a more critical examination, is found to
be quite consistent, and altogether natural. Hence,
the admission of California is not the main object
with these gentlemen. She is not their first love,
but the " Wilmot"—the Wilmot proviso—is their
first love. They are opposed to the joint settle-
ment of all the terntoiial questions, because then,
the occupation of Othello would be lost to him;
because they would be deprived of the opportunity
for agitating and convulsing the public mind; be-
cause then they would be left without a plank to
swim them above the depths of political oblivion.
The " Wilmot," not California, he repeated, was
the aim and object of those gentlemen who claimed
to be the peculiar friends of California.
Why (Mr. McC. repeated) this new-born zeal
for California? Was it because it was apprehended
that the Senate would pass a bill for the common
settlement of all the territorial questions? Was
it for the purpose of foiestalling such a result, and
committing the House against concurring in the
action of the Senate, that the motion had been
made by the member from the Chicago district
to precipitate action here, where it was supposed
the spirit of faction and ultraism was stronger than
it was in the Senate? Was this the reason? If
so, it proved that those who sympathize in this
course, are the enemies rather than the friends of
California. And are they not in truth the enemies
of California? If California shall fail to be ad-
mitted, they will be largely—very largely—respon-
sible for the result. Upon their heads be the
consequence.
The movements of to-day corroborated a report
which had pervaded the city for some days past,
and, as far as Mr. McC. knew, without con-
tradiction. The report was, that what was called
the " free-soil" party in this House, had deter-
mined " to rule or ruin"—to pass the admission
of California, in the way they had arrogantly
prescribed, or otherwise, to stop the wheels of
Government. To be more particular, it was a
part of this report that members of this party had
agreed in caucus, probably in this Hall, 111 the first
place to oppose everything except the appro-
priation bills, until California should be admitted,
let the consequences be what they might. After-
wards this condition was struck out, and they re-
solved to oppose everything, at all hazards and to
the last extremity, until California should be ad-
mitted by herself independently, and irrespective
of governments for the other Territories. This re-
port did not accord with the professions of certain
gentlemen this morning, respecting their willing-
ness to pass the appropriation bills.
There were those who assumed to be par excel-
lence the friends of California, who were merely
making her subordinate to the purposes of a mis-
erable sectional agitation; who favored her admis-
sion, not because they entertained any real friend-
ship towards her, but because they could the better
promote that agitation m respect to the other Ter-
ritories, which was their political meat and drink.
The true friends of California were those who
wished not only to admit her, but to connect her
admission with such other measures as the exigen-
ce's of the times required; and after it should have
been ascertained that a joint measure, looking to
the settlement of all these questions, could not suc-
ceed, it would be time enough to inquire, whether
separate measures for the admission of California,
and for the government of the Territories, should
or should not be proceeded with. He scouted the
idea, that those, and those only, who were in favor
of the admission of California as an independent
