350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
at least to the southern States. In this body, the
popular branch of the Government, the North has
an overwhelming majority. Already, notwith-
standing the nominal equality of the northern and
southern States, the Vice President gives the pre-
ponderance in the Senate to the most populous
portion of the Confederacy. The border States
are trembling in the balance, and, unfortunately,
some of their public men have, in my judgment,
deserted their highest interests. In this condition
of things, the multiplication of non-slaveholding
States cannot fail to be disastrous to those of the
opposite character. All history, all philosophy,
and all experience combine to teach us, that in all
interests which are clearly sectional, we shall'inev-
itably be overwhelmed and continually oppressed.
We have many such interests. Slavery is by no
means the only one, though it is the most vulner-
able; and this very circumstance has tended to
open our eyes to the extent of our danger from
these threatened events. It has been the agitation
upon this question—connected as it is with all our
•interests, material, social, moral, and political—
which has led us to look into the operation of the
Federal system and to discover how great an in-
strument of oppression it may be made in the
hands of an unscrupulous and fanatical majority.
It is delusive to talk about existing constitutional
barriers: they have b.een constantly overleaped or
trampled down. I will not undertake to say wheth-
er the spirit which has been engendered in the
North is indicative of true progress or not. What-
ever may be the difference of opinion on that point,
the fact is unquestionable, that in the northern
States of this Union slavery is looked upon with
horror, and there is a determined disposition and
a constant effort to overthrow it. With all politi-
cal power, even untter our Constitution, in the
hands of a fixed majority controlled by such feel-
ings and designs, it would be more than madness
to expect to be fairly dealt with by this Govern-
ment. By their constitutional action it would-be
in their power greatly to annoy us; and when, as
they have done und would undoubtedly do again,
they should oveistep the limits of their constitu-
tional authority, we should be absolutely at their
mercy, with no power of protection except our
own resistance.
1 repeal, this would not be the case only in
reference to the question of slavery. It would be
so in all our distinctive interests, where those
of the North and South conflict, as they do in
many instances. The disease in our system,
which this slavery agitation has revealed to us,
lies deeper than the slavery question itself. It is
organic in its character. It does not follow, be-
cause the disease has attacked the heart, that,
when the irregular throbbings of this organ have
been allayed, "it may not immediately seize upon
the lungs, or even the brain. It is true, the meas-
ure known as the " Wilmot proviso," seems now
to be abandoned. I believe such is now the
policy of the northern Whigs; although not or.e
of them, up to this session of Congress, has ever
in this House voted against it,—i believe it is
their settled policy now to avoid that measure and
prevent its passage by every possible means short
of a direct vote against it. Where is the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has the
doubtful distinction of having given his name to
this notorious measure? I tell him that his hobby
is gone. Well did. the gentleman from Alabama
exclaim, " The thing is dead!" Yes, sir, all the
green honors that once clustered around the name
of the reputed author of this policy have withered
anil perished. His faithful allies of the last Con-
gress have deserted him, m the vain effort to save
the sinking administration of Gen. Taylor. But
the spirit of the measure is still living and vigor-
ous, while its dead and loathsome carcass only
has been left to its earliest and best friends. The
political jugglers have accomplished the feat of
transmigration, and the living principle of the
" Wilmot proviso" has been breathed into the
body of the California convention.
Cut, sir, we are not to be deceived by this
adroit movement—our eyes are not to be diverted
from the fact, that the principle and the power
which constitute all the danger are still in effec-
tive operation, and seeking to accomplish their fell
purpose. You, northern gentlemen, have sported
with this question, for political purposes, until
you found the dangerous plaything to be a shell,
which was about to burst in your hands and !
spread consternation around. You have there-
fore rolled it away; but you have only substi-
tuted for it a magazine of still more dangerous
materials, which by its explosion may eventually
shatter the Union.
Under these circumstances, Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve, with the gentleman from Alabama, who
commenced his speech yesterday, [Mr. Billiard,]
that it is the duty of the South to insist upon a
settlement of this dangerous question at the pres-
ent time. I believe she will be utterly untrue to
herself if she does not adopt this course in this
great emergency. In resisting the admission of
California, she will be standing on the corner-
stone of the Constitution, as certainly as when
resisting the application of the Wilmot proviso.
Let her rise in her strength, and rebuke the usurp-
ations of executive authority, at the same time
that she is providing for her future peace and
security. Upon this vantage ground let her take
her stand, and if there be yet remaining any lim-
itation's to the power of this Government—if there
be yet left in the minds of men any respect for
truth and justice—she must and will prevail. In
my judgment, it would be a most fatal error in
the southern States to permit this great occasion
to pass by unimproved. 1 do not pretend to go
into the question as to the proper mode of giving
security to the South, i only maintain now that
she is entitled to it and must have it—she must
have it in her own hands. This vital question,
if not determined speedily by the two Houses of
Congress, will in all probability be_ maturely con-
sidered by another body, bearing a commission
from the people higher even than that of the Con-
gress of the United States.
I speak, sir, for myself and for my constitu-
ents as far as I know their views and their interests.
I should conceive myself to be utterly false to those
who sent me here, if 1 could hesitate m the present
crisis. But what is to be done? Not among the
least fatal embarrassments thrown around this
subject by the action of the Cabinet, is the diffi-
culty of answering this very question. The pseudo
State of California cannot be admitted into the
Union—at least, it cannot be with my vote, ex-
cept upon a full adjustment of all the difficulties.
If it shall be rejected, what will be the condition
of the people who have been so fatally misled by
the President's advisers? Whatever may be the
result, the responsibility will rest upon those alone
who have originated this premature and unlawful
movement. The State may possibly seek to be-
come independent. It will be difficult to reduce it
again to the condition of a mere dependent terri-
tory. Nevertheless, I believe, if it were possible
to establish promptly a territorial government, all
might yet be put right. But such a course is
environed with almost insuperable difficulties, and
the future alone can reveal the mode by which
these obstacles are to be surmounted.
But it may be possible that the dominant major-
ity m the two Houses of Congress will have the
strength to secure the admission of California, and
that they will blindly exercise the power they
possess. I hope I shall never see that fatal day !
But should it come in spite of my feeble depreca-
tions, I shall be ready to meet it with whatever
sacrifices may be necessary to defend the interests
of the people I represent. Xt is possible the people
of the whole South may not immediately under-
stand the full extent of their danger—it is possible
the evil day of separation may be postponed yet a
while longer. But I solemnly believe that day
must come, as the inevitable consequence of the
act it is proposed to accomplish. With the suc-
cess of this measure, there is no prospect of any-
thing but the utter exclusion of the South from
every foot of the territory which she has con-
tributed to purchase with her best blood. She
mustsoon be completely surrounded byfreeStates,
into which will be gradually infused the hostile
feelings, which now so deeply pervade the masses
of the northern people. She will be overwhelmed
in the Union by a power, which, out of it, she
could successfully resist. Are the southern people
so blind as not to be able to see this ? and how long
do you suppose it will require them to learn the
extent of their danger ?
I am among those, Mr. Speaker, who, for
some time past, have looked with gloomy appre- j
hensions upon the fearful struggle winch has been ;
exhibited here and throughout the whole country, j
I am far from being sure that it is possible to save j
the Union. I imagine I now hear the first low
rumblings, and feel the incipient vibrations of the
shock which is destined to rend it assunder. My
conviction is founded, rather upon the state of
feeling which has been unhappily engendered be-
tween the two sections, than upon any great event
immediately affecting the interests of either. How
rudely have the ties of brotherhood been sundered'
How deeply has the sense of constant wrong and
outrage sunk into the hearts of the southern peo-
ple I What was at first but the feeling of wounded
affection, became afterwards indignation, and final-
ly, continued too long, it has grown to be settled
hate. The southern people have little hope from
—they have almost no confidence in—the justice
and forbearance of their northern brethren. They
have seen the most important provisions of the
Constitution openly violated by the State authori-
ties of the opposite section, and their dearest inter-
ests have been regularly thrown into the arena of
politics and made the sport of contending parties.
To such an extent has this system of hostility
"been carried, that, with but few honorable excep-
tions, it has now become almost impossible for a
northern man to acquire the favor of his people,
except in proportion to the bitterness of his oppo-
sition to southern rights and institutions. In this
state of exasperated feeling, how long can you ex-
pect to maintain a union,
" Wlmse deep foundations lie
In veneration and a people's love ? "
If there be any real desire to preserve the Union,
you must restore the alienated affections of the
people. This can only be done by restoring the
Constitution to its pristine purity—by observing
its sacred compromises in letter and spirit—and by
putting an end, at once and forever, to that con-
tinual war of fanaticism which has been waged,
for so many years, against the institutions of the
South. You cannot altogether repair the injury
you have done; but you can cease to injure us
further, and you can give us assurances of our
future peace. These are the conditions, and the
only conditions, of the stability of this Union. If
any man understands me to deal in the language
of menace, he does me great injustice. As I
would scorn the threats of others, I would feel
abased to use them myself. Bu,t 1 speak of causes
and effects. I look upon the operation of political ,
forces and endeavor to comprehend the resulting
tendency of their combined action. And I tell
you here to-day, as the solemn conviction of one
whose opinion may indeed be worth but little, that
the problem is not, on the part of any one, to de-
stroy the Union, but the difficulty is to preserve it
by all the power you can exert to effect that ob-
ject. I tell you, sir, it will require all the wisdom,
energy, and patriotism of all your Clays, Casses,
Buchanans and Websters, and whatever other
great names you can bring to bear, to arrest the
downward progress of events. If this can be done
with security to the South,upon the principles and
to the extent for which I have argued, I shall hail
the consummation with profound joy. But if
California be forced upon us, without such an ad-
justment of the questions involved in that measure,
I shall be ready to make the final struggle upon
this very ground—I shall be prepared to go with
] the southern people in whatever they may dcter-
i mine—even though it be to abandon the Union,
■ when the rights of the southern States cannot be
otherwise protected.
[Mr. Stanton was several times interrupted on
points of order (relevancy) made by Mr. Preston
King, but there was no action of the House
thereon.]
Mr. STANTON having concluded—
j Mr. VINTON (with a view to reach the joint
resolution from the Senate, limiting the expenses
of collecting the revenue, which had been leturned
| from the Senate with an amendment) moved that
, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
And the question was taken and decided in the
| affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
I the message and documents had been ordered to
; be printed, was laid upon the table.
! The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting 234 printed copies of the Army Register for
1850, for the use of the members of the House of
Representatives.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with the
