1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
measure, were her true friends. He imputed
nothing dishonorable, or discreditable to any gen-
tleman, but he denounced such professions as de-
ceptive. Those gentlemen were the true friends
of California, who wouid adopt measures where-
by her admission might be secured', with the gen-
eral consent of the country, in connection with pro-
visions extending governments to ail the Ter-
ritories.
It was known that the Government of the United
States was under obligation, by treaty, to prpvide
such governments as soon as practicable. There
was the highest necessity, both aa concerned the
honor of the Government and the condition of the
people of the Territories, that governments should
be given to them as well as to California, and at
the earliest practicable day; and this had been the
aim of Mr. McC.'s earnest efforts. He would
assert with confidence, let who would contradict
it, that there was a large, an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people ot Illinois m favor of settling
this whole question at the same time and by a
common act. And if there were any man, here
or elsewheie, who would venture before the people
of that State, with an adverse doctrine, he would
soon discover his mistake. The people of Illinois
were tired of this miserable agitation, which had
been a hobby in the hands of a few men, to enable
them to retain office by pandering to prejudice and
fanaticism. The people of Illinois looked to the
peace of the Territories, and of the whole country.
They desired such a settlement of all these disturb-
ing questions as would be satisfactory to the whole
country. This was her wish; this was his own
wish. It was the ground upon which his con-
stituents, and two thirds of the people of Illinois
stood. It was the ground upon which all those
stood who, by conciliatory measures, had been
endeavoring to effect an amicable pacification.
He had heard it stated that there were those in
this House in favor of the admission of California
by herself, and opposed to the adoption of territo-
rial governments, except accompanied with the
proviso; who were determined to paralyze the
Government, rather than suffer themselves to be
defeated; who had determined to call the yeas and
nays, and to protract the session indefinitely,
rather than permit themselves to be deprived of
this anti-slavery hobby; this Mr. McC. condemned
as factious and revolutionary. His course upon the
subject had been a national one; it had been en-
tirely free from ultraism He had desired to do
all that was in his power to compose the country,
and to conciliate conflicting views and interests.
He was still in favor of that policy. He would
adhere to it to the last, until he found that it was
in vain longer to do so; and whenever that state
of facts should present itself, he would then deter-
mine, in view of the circumstances which might
surround us, what course it was proper to adopt.
Let us (said Mr. McC.) pass a bill fur the admis-
sion of California, making provision for the govern-
ment of the Territories, and adjusting the disputed
boundary between Texas and the United States.
Let us do all that can be done on a fair, reasonable,
and just basis, and then let us appeal to the
patriotism, the interests, and the fraternal feelings
of every section of the countiy, for approval and
confirmation of what we have done. We shall
then have discharged our duty, and we can go
home to our people with the consciousness that
we have done so. Our constituents, the friends of
the Union, the lovers of peace everywhere, will
greet our return with the approving words, " well
done good and faithful servant.''
Mr. WILMOT obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee for an hour, (in remarks which will
be published in the Appendix.)
At the outset of his remarks, and when Mr.
W. was replying to a portion of the remarks of
Mr. McClernand to the effect that there was a
party prepared to defeat the appropriation bills,
and paralyze the action and powers of the Gov-
ernment on certain contingencies—
Mr. WILLIAMS rose to a point of order.
He submitted that it was not in order on this bill
to discuss the question of the admission of Cali-
fornia, &c. *
Mr. PRESTON KING said, that as the whole
question of the freedom of debate came into con-
troversy on this point of order, he should ask that
it be reduced to writing.
Mr. WILLIAMS referred to the rule on which
he based his point of order.
The point of order was then reduced to wri-
ting, as follows:
" I call the gentleman to order, under the 31st
( rule of'the House, which requires the speaker to
' confine himself to the question under debate,
4 and it is not in order for the gentleman to discuss
' the merits of the California bill on the question
' now pending."
Mr. HiLLIARD inquired whether the question
was debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair had not yet
given a decision.
The CHAIRMAN then said that, looking to
the range of debate which was allowed in Com*
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
Chair did not feel authorized to pronounce the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wilmot] out of order. The Chair, therefore,
overruled the point of order.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that he appealed from
the decision of the Chair. 10
Mr. WILMOT desired to be informed by the
Chair, whether, when the House was in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
state of the Union generally, as well as the imme
diate bill which wa3 pending, was not under con-
sideration ?
The CHAIRMAN assented, remarking that it
was upon that ground that he had overruled the
point of order.
The question was then taken, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" and decided in the affirmative, with-
out a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by the
committee.
Mr. WILMOT then continued hi3 remarks; and
the hour having expired—
Mr. OLDS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. McCLERNAND, who replied to portions
of the spepch of Mr. Wilmot, (in remarks which
will he published in the Appendix.)
Mr. OLDS then resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee. He concurred in some
of the sentiments expressed by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand.] He regarded
the vote which had been taken this morning to
lay aside the special order of the day, being the
message of the President in relation to California,
as clearly indicating that no bill for the admission
of California into the Union would be passed this
session. Each successive vote that had been
I taken in that House, had exhibited an increasing
weakness on the part of the friends of California;
each successive vote had demonstrated that there
was a falling off, a diminution of the number of
those who at first took a firm stand for the admission
of California. He avowed himself pledged to vote
for her admission. He had been ready and willing,
from the commencement of the session to the
present hour, to vote for her admission,'with her
present constitution; and he was notonly ready and
willing to vote for her admission, but to vote sep-
arately and distinctly upon all the different ques-
tions which were now agitating the country, He
would say, also, that if, at any future time, appli-
cation should be made for the admission of a
State into the Union, in which State slavery ex-
isted, he would not hesitate to vote for her admis-
sion. He was not opposed to the admission of
slave territory into the United States; but he was
utterly opposed to the extension of slavery into
territory that was now free.
He had seen with regret attempts made to di-
vide the Democratic party—to separate southern
Democrats from northern Democrats on this ques-
tion; he had seen this, he said, with regret; for
he regarded the Union, the nationality, the ad-
herence and cooperation of the Democratic party
as the only thing which could save the country
from all impending danger. The measures and
the policy of the Democratic party were the only
measure and the only policy which had ever re-
sulted in any lasting benefit to the country. The
measures and the policy of the Whig party have
been found injurious to the best interests of the
country; indeed every one of their cherished and
darling measures have been repudiated by the
people. Mr. O. proceeded, at considerable length,
to contrast the Democratic with the Whig policy,
particularizing and commenting upon the promi-
nent measures of those two great parties respect- I
ively; and appealed to his Democratic friends not !
to allow themselves to be disunited, but to stand '
firm—shoulder to shoulder*—and to save the coun-
try, in its present emergency. He adverted to the
position of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Wilmot,] who had addressed the committee, and
who claimed to be a Democrat par excellence, and
yet gloried in the fact of his opposition to the
nominee of the Democratic party for President in
1848. He believed that if the nominee of the Bal-
timore convention had been elected, the difficulties
into which the country now found itself plunged
would have been avoided.
[A full report of his remarks will be given in the
Appendix.]
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania,
I (after some conversation,) the -committee rose and
I reported.
[ Mr. BAYLY offered the usual resolution pro-
: posing to close debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill making
appropriation for the Military Academy in five
minutes after the House shall again have resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ORR moved to lay the rfsolution on the
table.
Mr. KAUFMAN, in order, he said, to give the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] oppor-
tunity to explain the amendments which, as the
organ of the Military Committee, he wished to
offer, moved to amend the resolution by striking
out li five" and inserting " thirty."
The amendment was agreed to,
And the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. RUMSEY rose (he said) to a privileged
question, and moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution terminating the debate had
been adopted, and he moved to lay that motion on
the table.
The SPEAKER stated that a privileged motion
was already pending—made by the gentleman
from Texas, and that the gentleman from New
York could not offer his motion unless the motion
of the gentleman from Texas were withdrawn.
Mr. KAUFMAN declined to withdraw, and
suggested to the gentleman from New York that
his motion was unnecessary, as no gentleman, he
presumed, would propose to reopen the debate.
A motion to adjourn was made and rejected.
The question recurred and was taken upon the
motion of Mr. Kaufman, and was decided in the
affirmative.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The House accordingly resumed its session
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and proceeded to
the further consideration of the bill appropriating
for the support of the Military Academy.
The question pending was on the pro forma
motion of Mr. Wentworth, to strike out the first
section.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
Mr. BURT said, by the suggestion of his
friends, he would send to the table to be read for
information, three amendments, which he desired
to offer to the bill, under the instructions of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and he desired to
make a few remarks in explanation of their pro-
visions.
The amendments were read, as follow:
Sec. 1 bo it further enactcJ, That the senior Aid-de-
Camp of the Major General commanding the army may be
taken from the Captains- or Majors of the army, and shall
be allowed the pay and emoluments of a Major ot cavalry.
Sec. 2. Jin.i be it further enacted, That whenever the
lineal rank of the Superintendent of the Military Academy
shall be under the grade ot Lieutenant Colonel,"he shall be
entitled to the pay and emoluments now allowed by Jaw to
the Professor of Natural and Experimental Philosophy; and
the provisions of this section shall take effect from and after
the loth August, 1645.
Sec. 3. Jl>\A he it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act the Adjutant ot the Military Academy
shall receive the same pay and allowances as the Adjutant
of h regiment of dragoons. *
Mr. BURT requested the committee to grant
him its indulgence while he explained these amend-
ments, as he was particularly anxious that their
purport and effect should both be heard and un-
derstood. The first amendment which he offered,
under an instruction from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, related to the officers who served as
Aids to the Commander-in-Chief.
