1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julj 24,
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order. His
point of order was, that the first amendment was
not relevant, not being in any way connected with
the West Point Military Academy.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order, sug-
gesting that it might be made when the bill came
before the House.
Mr. JONES stated, that he raised the point of
order at this time, for the purpose of giving an
opportunity for its decision hereafter.
Mr. BURT resumed. He was about to re-
mark, when this point of order was raised, that
this amendment had an especial reference to the
present Commander-in-Chief of the army of the
United States, well known to be General Scott.
The bill provides, that the Commander-in-Chief
must take his aids from the lieutenants in the
army. The Commander-in-Chief is entitled to two
aids. The two officers who are now attached to
him in that capacity, accompanied him in his haz-
ardous and brilliant march from Vera Cruz to the
city of Mexico. They are intelligent and gallant
officers, who, for their inappreciable services, have
been promoted. And, unless this amendment
should he adopted, the Commander-in-Chief will
be compelled to dismiss them, because they are
elevated above the grade of officers to which his
selection of his aids, under the existing system, is
confined. Every military man must be aware of
the necessity of having officers of skill and intelli-
gence to occupy the position of aids to the Com-
manding General. It was not, therefore, necessa-
ry that he should make any more urgent appeal to
the committee that the Commander-in-Chief should
be subjected to the unpleasant necessity of separ-
ating himself from his present aids, because they
had won a higher rank in the army by their gallant
and meritorious services.
The next amendment which he proposed, re-
lated to the Superintendent of the West Point
Academy. It was a proposition to raise the pay
of that officer, so as to make it equal to that of
the Professor of Natural and Experimental Phi-
losophy, which is equivalent to that of Lieutenant
Colonel of Dragoons. Captain Brewerton, the
Superintendent of the West Point Academy, is a
Captain of Engineers. His duty, as superintend-
ent, is, to overlook and control the operations of
(he Academy. It is absolutely necessary that he
should be a gentleman of talents, accomplish-
ments, and high attainments. And whenever it is
necessary to detail from any post an officer for this
station, the selection is uniformly governed, not
by the rank of the officer, but by his fitness and
accomplishments. He is detailed for duty at the
Academy by a peremptory order from the War
Department, which leaves him no choice, but
which he is compelled to obey. He quits the po-
sition he occupied in the army, and, in obedience
to the ordei of the Department, assumes the duties
of Superintendent of the Academy.
There are officers residing at West Point who,
on all occasions where the laws of etiquette pre-
vail, rank the present Superintendent. There are
professors in the institution who receive twice the
pay which he receives. Yet there is now no in-
structor in the military or scientific branches of the
institution, who is subjected to so much labor and
expense. On this account, the Committee on
Military Affairs have come to a decision to move
tor an increase of the pay of the Superintendent.
And he could not entertain a doubt that the com-
mittee would sustain the proposition. The pres-
ent pay of the Superintendent is $50 a month, four
rations, one horse, and one servant. The amend-
ment which he was instructed to move, proposes
to raise this pay to $75 per month, five rations, one
horse, and two seivants. In other words, the
proposition is, to give him the same pay which is
given to the Professor of Natural and Experimental
Philosophy, or to a Lieutenant Colonel of Dra-
goons.
The Committee on Military Affairs, at the in-
stance of the Secretary of War and the Chief of
the Engineer Department, have taken the respon-
sibility of recommending this increase of pay.
He was as sincere and consistent a friend of econ-
omy as any member of this House. No man
(said Mr. B.) who knows me, sir, as you do,
will ever suppose that I would urge a movement in
favor of any extravagant expenditure for the offi-
cers of the army. But I am in favor of allowing
a just compensation for services, a proper equiva-
lent for the duties which are devolved on an officer.
I am in favor of the proposed increase of compen-
sation. Gentlemen mightmakewhatremarks they
might think proper in reference to this declaration,
but he felt assured that the good sense of the
House would sustain him. He would only assure
that committee that the proposed increase of pay
was indispensable, and that it ought not to be
withheld.
The third amendment which he proposed, was
in reference to the Adjutant of the West Point
Academy. He spoke in the presence of gentle-
men who were perfectly cognizant of the duties of
this officer, and of some who had been official
visiters at the Academy. He could assure the
committee that the duties of this officer were more
arduous than those which were required of the ad-
jutant of any regiment, in time of peace. There is
no adjutant attached to any regiment during a pe-
riod of peace, whose duties so entirely occupied
his time as those of the Adjutant of the Academy
at West Point.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked a question rel-
ative to the duties ofadjutants, which did not reach
the ear of the reporter.
Mr. BURT went on to say, that the duties per-
formed by the officer, who filled the post of adju-
tant at tfie West Point Academy, were greater
than those required from theadjutants of regiments.
Mr. Rives, the present adjutant at the institution,
belongs to the artillery, and is a lieutenant of artil-
lery. His present pay is $30 per month, four ra-
tions and a servant. Like any other lieutenant
who performs the duties of ad jutant, he is entitled
to an additional $10 a month for that service. I
believe this amount of compensation to be abso-
lutely indispensable for the comfortable subsistence
of that officer. On account of the additional cost
to which his situation subjects him for his living,
it is indispensable that his pay should be increased.
The Committee on Military Affairs had their at-
tention called early to the subject of the pay of officers
of the army generally,with a view to its equilization,
by raising the pay of some of the lowest grades of
the service, and cutting down that of some of the
highest. They had not as yet succeeded in fully
carrying out their design into a matured form. But
they are of opinion, that these changes, which he
had now suggested, in the shape of amendments,
ought to be made. And if it was the intention of
Congress to continue and to sustain this Military
Academy at West Point, this modification of the
existing laws appeared to the committee to be in-
dispensable.
Mr. HOUSTON said, if he understood the first
amendment proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, it was to authorize the
present Aids of the Commander-in-Chief to retain
their situations, although they had been promoted,
and notwithstanding the provisions of the existing
laws. He did not exactly understand the reasons
on which* this proposition was brought forward.
And before he was called on to give his vote on
the amendment, he was desirous to hear the
grounds on which this change of the law was rec-
ommended.
Mr. BURT said he had already stated that the
Commander-in-Chief could not take his aids from
any higher grade of officers than lieutenants. He
would further say, that it was known to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and there could be no
impropriety in his making the statement here, that
it is the personal request of the Commander-in-
Chief that he may be permitted to retain about
him his present aids.
Mr. HOUSTON said that he did not put the
question with a view of opposing the proposition
He did not perfectly understand the reasons which
had been assigned by the chairman of the military
committee for the change. He now understood
the matter perfectly, and he had no objection what-
ever to the adoption of the amendment, which he
believed to be perfectly proper and desirable.
Mr. MARSHALL obtained the floor, and made
some remarks touching the propriety of altering
the law regulating the appointment of Superintend-
ent of the Military Academy, so as to deprive
the Engineer Corps of the Army of the monopoly
of that office, and to throw it open to the competi-
tion of meritorious officers belonging to other corps
of the Army.
The time for debate having now expired,
Mr. MARSHALL resumed his seat.
The CHAIRMAN said the bill would be read
by sections.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
There was a demand, pretty generally made,
that Mr. Marshall should proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. BAYLY said that, as he (Mr. B.) had re-
ported the bill, he was, by the rule, entitled to an
hour. He would yield the floor for a portion of
that time to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL then resumed and concluded
his remarks, (which will be published in the Ap-
pendix,) and submitted the following as an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the bill, viz:
Provided, That the Superintendent of Ifie Military Acade-
my shall hereafter be selected from the officers of the army
of the United States who have obtained at least the rank of
a Lieutenant Colonelcy by brevet or otherwise, and may be
selected at the discretion of the President from any corps of
the army.
Mr. M. having concluded—■
Mr. BAYLY took the floor.
The hour was growing late, and there was a
call that the committee should rise.
Mr. BAYLY was about to proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. McMULLEN asked his colleague [Mr.
Bayly] to yield to a motion thatthe committee rise.
Mr. BAYLY rather seemed inclined to proceed
this evening.
Mr. BURT said he woqld ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, who had re-
ported this bill, to yield to a motion that the com-
mittee rise. He (Mr. B.) desired to reply to some
of the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] and to ask of the courtesy of
the gentleman from Virginia, that he would yield
a brief space of his remaining time for that pur-
pose. The bill could not be passed to-night, and
he (Mr. B.) hoped, therefore, theigentleman would
consent to postpone his remarks until morning.
Mr. BAYLY yielded.
The committee then rose and reported.
Mr. HOWE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw certain papers.
Objection was made.
And the House adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented, under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. GOODENOW : The petition of James Baity and
108 other citizens of f itt-toti. in the State of Maine asking
Congress so to alter or amend the revenue law of 1846, that
the prosperity of the country may be revived, and labor
shielded from the hazard stand contingencies of a foreign
competition,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 24, 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Department of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate—
1st. A report of a reconnoissance of a route for
a road from San Antonio to El Paso, by Lieutenant
W. F. Smith, of the Corps of Topographical En-
gineers.
2d. A report of a reconnoissance of a route for
a road from Corpus Christi to the military post
on the Leona, by Leutenant N. Milcher, of the
Corps of Topographical Engineers.
3d. A report of a reconnoissance of the Sacra-
mento mountains, by Lieutenant W. F. Smith, of
the Topographical Engineers.
4th. A report of the reconnoissance of a route
for a military road from the Gulf of Mexico to El
Paso, by Lieutenant Francis T. Bryan, of the To-
pographical Engineers.
5th. A report of a reconnoissance of the country
between San Antonio and El Paso, by Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Johnston, of the Topo-
graphical Engineers.
6th. A report of a reconnoissance of a routs
from the Upper Valley of the South Branch of the
Red River to the Rio Pecos, by Lieutenant N.
Milcher, of the Topographical Engineers.
7th. A report on the condition of the River Col-
orado. and the estimated cost of its improvement,
by Brevet Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Johnson, of
the Topographical Engineers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
did not learn from the reading of the communica-
tion whether any map of the routes described in
these reports accompanies them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tha Chair un-
