fMfc 'CONGRESSiOMAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13.
which he believed after trial they approved-*
which he .thought the whole American people
would approve? He believed the result of that
change was exceedingly beneficial.
He feit persuaded that his friend from, Ohio [Mr.
Carter] had not intended to say anything .im-
proper or unkind^to this Coujrt. The gentleman
had spoken from the feelings of the moment.
He could hardly believe that the gentleman would
be willing deliberately to say from. Jhis /place—
even by inference—that that Court was 'destitute
of brains. , . , ,, ,
Mr. CARTER (the fl.oor being yielded for ex-
planation) fi'aidhe did. notwisk tpssit here and hear
repeated misrepresentations of what he.had said.
He had not charged the Supreme Court with lack-
ing brains, but his friend from Connecticut had put
that language into his mouth. He had said that
the resqlution recommended to the consideration
of the House, proposed auxiliary brains [a laugh]
to the Supreme Court. It was not he who had
impeached the capacity of the Judges of that
Court; it was the resolution. They wanted ah in-
vestigating clerk—that was what the resolution
said—a clerk to think and look for them. They
were already provided with all the clerical force
which the Supreme Court required, and his friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] said it was
not a clei k of the Court, but a clerk of the Judges
which was proposed. Now, he found it was very
fashionable here in Washington to have clerks to
persons—so much so that it was true of most of
the functionaries of Government, that they had to
be waited upon in the discharge of almost all the
indispensable duties of nature. And this was the
description of clerk that these Judges wanted. A
clerk to assist 1 A supplemental judge I A think-
ing machine for the Bench! That was the object
of this resolution.
Mr. CLEVELAND (resuming) said, that one
object he had had in view in alluding to that part
of the gentleman's remarks, was to give the gen-
tleman an opportunity to set himself right. The
gentleman was determined to keep himself in the
wrong. Great as was his regard for that gentle-
man, he must be allowed to say to that gentleman,
to the Speaker, and to this House, that they had
the power of disgracing themselves, but they had
not the power of disgracing that Court. When he
saw men so ready to laugh at wit at the expense
of their respectability, he almost pitied them.
Mr. FOWLER, interposing, (the floor being
yielded,) said he wished for one to protest that the
ridicule was not upon the Court, but that the ridi-
cule and laughter arose from the very gentle and
placid manner in which the gentleman from Ohio
had uttered his sentiments.
Mr. CLEVELAND said he regretted that his
friend across the way should have found it neces-
sary to come to his relief in his attempt to place
his brother Carter in a proper position. So far
as the House complimented themselves in laugh-
ing at manner here, he left his worthy friend from
Massachusetts and the gentleman from Ohio to
settle here or elsewhere. They were abundantly
able to do it.
But in regard to this other matter, permit him
to say that, in his opinion, t^e demand made
by the Court upon them was a reasonable one,
and they ought to treat it in a manner which—
while these attempts at wit would not and could
not disgrace the Court—should not reflect discredit
upon themselves. He thought it was due to the
House, and due to the Court, and therefore he
hoped the resolution would pass. If gentlemen
persisted in talking about this matter as an addi-
tion to the brain of the Court, he could not help
it—he regretted it exceedingly.
Mr. DUER inquired what would be the effect
of the previous question?
The SPEAKER said, if sustained it would bring
the House to a direct vote, firstupon the motion to
refer the resolution to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and then, if that were
rejected, to a vote upon ordering the joint resolu-
tion to be lead a third time.
Mr. DUER moved the previous question. J
Mr. KAUFMAN requested the gentleman to^
withdraw the demand for the previous question, to
enable him (Mr. K.) to move to r$fer the resolu-
tion to the Committee on Public Expenditures, if
the pending motion to refer failed.
Mr. DUER declined to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Thei previotis question, was seconded, and the
main question ordered,,being first on the motion to
refer„the resolution to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.  
, The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to refer the resolution.
The question, repaired jupon ordering the resolu-
tion to a third reading, wa«s tak,en and agreed to.
The resolution wasread a third time.
And t;He, .question being on its passage—
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved the pre-
vious question. , .
, The previous question was seconded, and the
ma,in question ordered.
Mr. POTTER asked the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered—the question
being taken by tellers.
, Mr. SACKETT moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. CARTER said he was informed that it was
not the wish of all the Judges of the Supreme
Court to have this additional clerk; some of them
were opposed to it.
The question wag taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 90, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alexander, Bay ly, Bissell, Booth, Bowie
Bowhn, Breck, Briggs, Biooks, Buel, Burt, Chester Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clark,
Cleveland, Colcock, Cole, Conrad, Corwm, Crowell, Dc-
berry, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander Evans, Na-
than Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, Hammond, Hampton, Haralson, Sampson W.
Harris, Henry, Hihbard, Hilliard, Holmes, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, Inge, Jackson, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G.
King, James. G. King, John A. Kmg, Horace Mann, Matte-
son, McKissoek, Meacham, Moore, Morion, Ogle, Outlaw,
Owen, Peck, Phelps, Plumux, Pitman, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Rockwell, Kumsey, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Shepherd, Silvester, Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddrus
Stevens, Stetson, Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Un-
derbill, Walking Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, Wilson
and Wmthrop—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberteon, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Aveittt, Bay, Bingham, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Joseph
Cable, George Alfred Caldwell, Carter, Williamson R. ,W.
Cobb, Conger, Daniel, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Edmund-
son, Featherston, Fowler, Hamilton, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harris, Haymond, Hebard, Holhday, Hubbard, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Preston King,Leftler,LittIefieJd,
Jub Mann, Marshall, Mason, McDowell, McLanahan, Rob'
ert M. MeLane, McMullen,McQueen, Meade, Miller, Mill-
son, Morris, Olds, Orr, Otis, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Rich-
ardson, Robbins, liobm&on, Root, Suckett, Stanly, Richard
H. Stanton, Strong, Sweetsor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Wcntworth, Wildnck, Wilmot,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—73.
So the joint resolution was passed.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN—
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and appropriately referred:
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition af the seamen, mas-
ters, and owners of vessels, residents of Buffalo, urging the
establishment of a marine hospital at the city of Buflalo,
which shall be adequate to the wants of the sick and dis-
abled seamen of that place.
Also, the petition of James S. Smith and others, in favor
ot cheap postage.
By Mr. RISLEY: The petition of Maria Hills, of Chau-
tauquc county, New York, praying Congress to order her
name to be placed on the pension list, as a widow of a revo-
lutionary soldier
By Mi. GREEN: The petition of citizens of Scotland
county, Missouri, praying the establishment of a mail route.
Also, the petition ot the officers of the land ofhee at Fay-
ette, Mi-souri, praying increased compensation for locating
military land warrants.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of
Samuel H. Sutt, of Mason county, Kentucky, who was
wounded in the war of 1812, asking an inciea?e of pension.
Mr. STANTON aUo gave notice of his intention to intro-
duce a bill granting pensions, to the officers, soldiers, and
volunteers, engaged in the waisofthe United States between
tlx: years 1783 and 1795.
By Mr. BURROWS : The petition of Srymour Soville
and others, citizens of the county of Niagara, New York,
for the construction of a ship canal connecting Lake
Erie and Ontario.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of Thomas G. Mather, of
Middletown, in the State of Connecticut, and 31 other per-
sons praying for the reduction of postage to two cents lor
half ounce letter*.
By Mr. WILMOT: A petition signed by 40 citizens of
Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction of post-
age.
Also, a petition signed by 60 citizens of Susquehanna
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Tunkhannoek to Carbondaie via Tunk-
hannock and East Branch creeks, in the State of Pennsyl-
ma.
By Mr. ROBINSON: Resolutions and petiUons unani-
mously adopted and numeiously, ssiguetf by large and re-
spectable public meetings, and highly respectable names
fcnd firms, since the two conventions were held at St. Louis
and at Memphis, all declaring Mr. Whitney's to be "the-
only feasible plan, the only o.ne that would not involve
^constitutional, sectional, and other difficulties sure to im-
pede and finally stop the progress of the worfc," requesting
their Senators and Representatives and praying Congress to
pass'a law without delay to carry out Mr. Whitney's plan.
Resolutions adopted at a large public meeting called by the
Chamber of Commerce at Cincinnati, October 12,1849.
Do do do at Louisville, Ky., Nov. 2-2, 1849.
Do do do at Dayton,Ohio,. December 1, 1849.
Do do do at Zanesville, Ohio, Dec. 6, 1849.
The Petition of R. F. Fairchild and 25 others, of New lock.
The Petition of C. Tucker and 103 others of do
The Petition oi J. W. Ryckmao and 470 others of do
The Petition of John Broadhead and 22 others of Philad'a.
The Petitioner J. R, Chardon, B. Richardson & Son and
<35 others of Philadelphia.'
The Petition of |Col. James Page and 61 others of Philad'a.
By Mr, W. J„ BROWN : A memorial of the Washington
Ga Light Company, praying that a contract may be entered
into with said Company to light the public buildings and
grounds.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of citi-
zens of Providence, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, a>king
Congress to establish the rate of postage on prepaid letters
at two cents per halt ounce. •
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 39 citizens of Cayuga
county, New Yoik, asking a reduction of postage to two
cents per half ounce on prepaid letters.
By Mr. BOWIE : The memorial ot a committee of the
Agricultural Society of the State of Maryland, asking the es-
tablishment of a bureau of agriculture, and the formation of
a noimal school of agriculture at the seat of government.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition ot RuefRogers and 25
other citizens of Lyme, Connecticut, piaying for a reduction
of postage on letters to two cents.
By Mr. GRINNELL: The petition of citizens of Massa-
chusetts, for a buoy on Stone Ilor&e Shoal.
Also, of Richard Stevens and 84 other citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, for a survey of Parmet river.
Also, of Joseph A. Bailey and 25 other citizens of Mas-
sachusetts: Valentine Hussey and 19 others ; and of Benja-
min Rodman and 13 others—all for cheap postage.
By Mr. HALLO WAY: The petition of Abraham Bell,and
40 citizens of New York, in favor of a railroad to the Pacific.
By Mr. BUEL: The petition of E Gryham, and 78 other
citizens of Detroit, praying Congress to establish a cheap
postage system.
Also, the memorial of Henry Acker and others, officers
of the land office at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, praying a
change of the law regulating their compensation lor lo-
cating military bounty land warrants.
Also, the memorial of J. Kingsland and others, officers of
the ten regiments in the late war with Mexico, praying re-
muneration lor their services by grant of bounty lands.
Also, the memorial of Sarah Ten Eyck, executrix of Con-
rad Ten Eyck, deceased, praying the payment to her of
certain moneys due said Ten Eyck, as late marshal ot the
District of Michigan.
By Mr. CLEVELANDi The petition of citizens of Kil-
lingly, Connecticut, forreduction of postage.
Also, the petition of A. Warren and others, citizens of
Waterbury, Connecticut, for reduction of postage.
By Mr. JACKSON : The petition of John Arnott, Ariel
Thurston and 75 others, citizens of JEhnira, Chemung coun-
ty, New York, praynig that the postage on prepaid letters
not exceeding half an ounce be reduced to two cents.
Also, the petition of Peter Winteimute, William H. Van
Duzei and 40 others, citizens of Fairport, Chemung county.
New Yoik, on the same subject.
By Mr. YOfJNG: The petition of F. A. Thomas and 31
others, citizens'ol Illinois, asking Congress to pass a law re-
ducing the rates of postage on all prepaid letters to two cents
the half ounce.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of A. B.
Bradford and otheis, late commissioned officers m the mili-
tary service of the United States against Mexico, praying
that bounty land may be granted to the commissioned offi-
cers aforesaid.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of John N. Chicks and
others,citizens of the United Stales, praying for the issu-
ance of patents for payment of moneys withheld, and which
are due to them by the provisions of certain treaties, and
generally for a redress ot grievances.
Also, the petition of Arnold Rhodes, of Wisconsin, for
patents for lands sold to him by Stockhridge Indians, after
they were made citizens, and before the treaty of the United
States with that tribe.
Also, the petition of R. M. Sweet, C. A. Place and others,
that measures may be taken to procure the right of naviga-
ting the river St. Lawrence, to the shipping of the lakes.
alfco, the petition of Martin Townscnd, of Wisconsin, for
a pension.
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of William T. Hooker
and 75 others, citizens of tlie lirst Congressional district in
Connecticut; asking for a uniform rate ot postage at two
cents.
By Mr, ALEXANDER: The petition of Howland Fish
and 71 others, citizen* of Glen, Montgonu ry county, New
Yoik, praying Congress to abolish the franking pnvilege and
to establish the rate of postage on prepaid letteis at two
cents per naif ounce.
Also, the petition of 43 citizens of the tosvnsof Columbia
and Warren, Ilerkiuiercounty, New York, for a reduction
of postage.
Bv Mr. THURMAN. The petition of Win. H. Myers & Co.,
and SO others.and the petition of O. D. Ptabody and 34 others,
severally praying Congress to levy an additional and specific
duty on iron imported into the dm ted States; which were
referred to tlve Committee on Manufactures.
By Mr. MATTESON: The petitions of Thomas B. Ailan-
son and 21 others; of James B. Agill and 21 othets; of
Thomas Ward, jr. and 25 others; o( William N. Larrahee
and 21 others •; all citizens of Annville, Oneida county,
New York, asking for a reduction of postage on piepaid
letters to a uniform rate ot two cents.
