THE < '0 N<! li KSS10 \ U, GLOBE.
PJ^BLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f3 FOR THIS SESSION
31st Congress
1st Session.
FRIDAY
FEBRUARY 15,
New Series.... No. 23.
IN .SENATE.
Wednesday, February 13, 1850.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
m older is the petition presented yesterday by the
benator from New Hampshire. The question
now before the Senate is on its reception.
Mr. DiCKINSON. Mr. President, I do not
wish to interfere -with the ordinary course of busi-
ness—the presentation of petitions—but as the
question lo which the Chair has called the atten-
tion of the Senate will probably give rise to de-
bate, if it is taken up now, I ask' the Senate to
pa-ss it over for the purpose of taking up the reve-
nue bill which the Committee on Finance are ready
to report. If the question of reception be taken
without debate I have no objection.
Several Senators. Oh, let it be taken.
The petition was then received, and on motion
of Mr. HALE was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
TEXAN BONDS.
Mr. CLAY. I have been requested to present
to the Senate the petition or memorial of Wil-
liam S. Wetmore, of the city of New York, and
James Hamilton, of South Carolina, a committee
of the revenue bond-holders in the late Republic
of Texas, praying for the payment or adjustment
of the bonds which they hold. The memorial, it
will be seen, by the endorsement which I have
just read, seeks to accomplish an object upon
which I had occasion to address the Senate the
other dny. tt is founded upon an opinion which
I hold, as to the responsibility of this Government
for at least that portion of the dabt of Texas con-
tracted prior to her annexation to the United
States, for the payment or reimbursement of which
certain revenues or duties on imports were pledged
when Texas was competent to make the pledo-e.
I shall add nothing, in enforcing the memorial, to
the argument which I offered on the occasion to
which 1 have referred. The memorial itself con-
tains an argument which, though I have not read
it, I have no doubt is better than the one whicn I
offered. It also touches incidentally upon the ob-
ligations of the United States to pay other portions
of the public debt of Texas. I move that, without
reading, the memorial be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. That committee is proposed,
because there are important questions arising un-
der it of public and international law; and it seems
to me, therefore, that it is proper that it should go
to that committee. That committee is also the
committee that the petitioners themselves desire it
should go to.
The memorial was so referred.
BOUNTY LANDS FOR VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. STURGEON. Mr* president, I have
been requested to present to the Senate the memo-
rials of officers of volunteer companies who served
in the late war with Mexico, asking to be allowed
additional bounty land.
It will not be necessary for me to call the atten-
tion of the Military Committee to this matter.
They are aware of and better understand the
merits of these claims, and the circumstances con-
nected with them, than I do. However, Mr.
President, I will mention this fact, that many of
those officers were young men entering into life,
some of them into the professions, and some of
them belonging to the more'laborious classes of
society. I do know, Mr. President—it is within
my own knowledge—that some of these young
men sold the implements of their trade to furnish
themselves with the articles necessary for the cam-
paign. I know that a number of these young offi-
cers died; and 1 know also that many of those who
have returned home returned with broken consti-
tutions, and I think the Government will do right,
and nothing but right, by making an appropriation
of public land for this purpose. Without reading,
therefore, I move that the petitions be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The petitions were accordingly so referred.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition very
numerously signed by citizens of the State of New
23
York, in favor of a reduction of postage to two
cents the half ounce on all prepaid letters; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of the heirs
and representatives of Justus Riley, asking in-
demnity for French spoliations; which was laid
on the table.
Also, from citizens of Simsbury, Connecticut,
aking the adoption of measures for the amicable
adjustment of international controversies; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Newton, Connecti-
cut, asking for a reduction in the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin, asking the adop-
tion offjneasures for the amicable adjustment of
international controversies; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from
Charles Cojburn, asking compensation for' his
services as a yeoman in the navy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial from John Pierce, jr., late a
professor of mathematics m the navy, asking to
be restored to his rank, and allowed back pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Josiah Sturgis and other?,
of the revenue service, asking that the benefits of
the naval pension law may be extended to that
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a petition of A. W. Blackmond and other
citizens of the United States, asking that the pub-
lic lands may be granted in limited quantities free
of cost to actual settlers who are not possessed of
other lands.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Cecil county,
Maryland, asking that a portion of the public do-
main may be reserved for actual settlers who may
be citizens of the United States; which memorial
and petition were referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Roxbury,
Massachusetts, in favor of a reduction of the rates
of postage; which vias referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and'Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial from citizens
of Dubuque, Iowa, asking the construction of a
military road from that place to the Missouri
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the citi-
zens of Davenport, Iowa, in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Davenport to Council Bluffs; which were referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Iowa, ask-
ing the establishment of-a mail route from Bloom-
ington, in that State,, to Prairie du Chicn, in Wis-
consin ; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Danfel Nippes, asking compensation for certain
arms manufactured for the War Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking that the seamen in the navy may be placed
on the same footing as to extra pay and bounty
lands with the soldiers and volunteers in the army;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, asking for certain improvements
in the harbors of the river Delaware; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial of the Re-
gister and Receiver of the Greensburg land office,
Louisiana, asking to be allowed commission on
entries of bounty land warrants; wTiich he desired
might lie on the table, as a general bill had already
been reported.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of mer-
chants, ship-owner^, and others, citizens of Wis-
casset, Maine, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Frankfort, Maine,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
antl Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE p-rcsented a petition of the heirs
of Manuel Sulano, asking the confirmation of
their title to a tract of land; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented eight peti-
tions of citizens of Iowa and Illinois, asking: the
removal of obstructions in the navigation of the
Mississippi river; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of low**, asking a ^
grant of land to that State to aid in the construe*
tion of the Davenport and Council Bluff Railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Iowa, asking the
establishment of a mail route from Bloomington,
in that State, to Prairie du Chien, in Wisconsin;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Iowa, asking a
grant of public land to the branch of the State
University nt Faiifield,in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. S Ed I ELDS presented the memorial of the
Rock Island and La Salle Railroad Company,
asking: a grant of public land to aid in the con-
sirucuon of their railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALES presented the petition of P. E.
Thomas, Plnneas Janney, and Benj. Ferris, in be-
half of the Seneca nation of Indians, asking the
payment of certain moneys due and wrongfully
withheld from them by a sub-agent of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the General Assembly of
the State of Delaware, requesting the Senators and
Representatives of that State in Congress to use
their exertions to procure a grant of public land to
aid in the establishment of an asylum for the in- -
sane poor in that State; which was referred to tfye
Committee on Public Lands-and ordered to he
printed.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of H.
K. Thatcher and other officers in the navy, asking
compensation for mess stores and private property
lost in consequence of the wrecking of the United
States ship Boston; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of citizens
of Washington, D C., asking an appropriation
for filling and grading square 259, belonging to
the United States in that city; which was referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petitnm of me-
chanics of Augusta, Maine, asking a reduction of
the rules of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bath, Maine,
prayingthat corporal punishment in the navy may
be abolished.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same place,
asking that the spirit ration in the navy may be
abolished; which were severally referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of citizens
of Butler county, in the State of Missouri, asking
the removal of obstructions to the navigation of
the Big Black rivec, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, a petition ofcitizens of Ray county, Mis-
souri, asking that the office of Chaplain in the
public service may be dispensed with; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Ordered, That tiie petition of Henry W. Barnes and Ran-
dolph M. Cooley, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
