1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
at the expense of those for whose benefit the mo-
ney was borrowed. Well, then, the question is,
for whom was it borrowed ? For the Government
of the "United States. Now, wi)l you visit upon a
citizen the expense of defending a ca^e for the
Government, under these circumstances ? and say
to him that he shall lose it all, when he was act-
ing honestly and faithfully in the discharge of a
request on the part of the Government?-' I am
sure you would not do so in your private transac-
tions, nor do I believe you would do so in your
representative transactions.
Now, I submit whether these expenses should
not be paid back to this individual? I think that
none can deny that they ought to be paid. But it
is said they are too large, if my friend from In-
diana will look at the bill of costs accompanying
the petition of this individual, and among: these
papers, he will find it not to be so. This case was
six years in litigation. And the accumulation of
costs m carrying it from court to court, and finally
to the court of equity must have amounted to a
great deal. Then as to the lawyers* fees—for they,
like death after the last illness, must be paid—I
think the amount is very reasonable. If you de-
duct the costs from the fees, you will find but a
very small balance indeed. I am sure my friend
from Indiana will believe me when i tell him, that
we defend causes at the South on the same terms
they do in the West—getting as reasonable a fee
as we possibly can.
This individual merely asks that these fees and
costs should be paid, rle does not ask the return
of a single dollar that he first appropriated out of
his own pocket. It is needless to argue the case
further. I trust the Senator from Indiana, after
knowing these facts, will withdraw his opposition
and let the bill pass.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the question in-
volved in this case is one of great importance. It
is the questton of power, on the part of this par-
ticular agent or alleged agvnt of Government, to
borrow money for the Government. And the
principle assumed by the bill is, that when an
agent, or one who, lepresents himself to be an
agent of the Government, borrows money, al-
though it may be of a bruken bank, there being
no law authorizing him to make the loan, the
very fact that he has borrowed the money, with-
out a law lo authorize him, pledges the Govern-
ment to pay the losses which this party may incur
by reason of his having borrowed money, which
was in itself worthless Now, that is the propo-
sition. Here is an officer—1 do not know his
name—who, under the alleged authority of some
superior officer, borrows money of a bank, which,
in two or three days afterwards, breaks. And
this party comes buck upon the Government of
the United States to reimburse him for the ex-
penses which he incus red by reason of this.
Now, 1 apprehend, unless my worthy friend
from Georgia wilT show some act of Congress,
some law which authoiized the superior officer to
give such authority to this mfeiior officer, he does
not ad vance one iota in support of his proposition
that we are bound to pay this claim. Now, if he
can show me any act of Congress, any practice of
the Government, known to be such, by which the
officer who gave the authority in this case was au-
thorized to give it, I will at once be willing to pay
the claim. But if there is no such authority, if
there is no law, no act of Congress which author-
ized it, I am not willing to pay the claim.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Foote to create a new Territory, to be
called the Teiritory of Colorado, out of part of
California, south of 35° 30'—
Mr. FOOTE withdrew the amendment for the
present, wishing other important amendments to
be first disposed of.
Mr. BRADBURY then offered the following
amendment: ®
Strike out all after the enacting clause in section 39 to
line 49, and insert m huu thereof the following:
"That the President of the United States be, and lie
hereby is authorized, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint two commissioners, who shall have
power in agree with such commit,mers as may be ap-
pointed und-r the legislative authority of the State of IVxa?
upon a line of boundary between the territory of the (Jutted
btates  and thc^aid Suit; ol Te\a«, commencing at the point
where the Red river is intersected by the hundredth degree
of west longitude, being the southwest angle of the Indian
territory, and running to a point on the Rio Grande, to he
agreed upon bv the s.id commissioners; and also to a«ire<">
upon the terms, conditions, and considerations upon which
such line shall be established j and the proceedings and
agreements of tha said eommi^-Mtner.s shall be, as soon as
possible, transmitted to the President of the Umred State*,
to he by him submitted toCongre?s, with such recommenda-
tions as the circumstances, m his opinion, may require, for
the approval and action of Congress thereupon ? and rhe
said agreement, when approved by the Congress of the
United States, and the Legislature of the State of Texas,
shall be obligatory upon the parties."
Mr. RUSK proposed to amend Mr. Bradbury's
amendment by striking out all after the first word
"That," and inserting:
" The boundary of th*  State of Texas fa hereby admitted
to extend to the Kio Grande, as defined in the statute of
limits of the late Republic of Texas, passed in the year
1836."
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Rcsk; it was rejected by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Butler,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Down-s, Foote, Houston,
Hunter, Kinir, Ma-on, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, Sould, Tur-
nev, and Yulec—18.
NAVS—Badirer, Baldwin, Bell, Bradburv, Blight,
Ca< , Chase. Clarke, Hav, Cooper, Davis of Massnehn*ett«,
Driyton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin. Dod?e of [owa,
Fflch, Greene, Hamlin, Jones, Mangntn, Miller. Norris,
Pearce, Pratt. Sewatd Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sfnrpeon,
Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Wlntcomb—34.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the amendment by
adding at the end of it the following:
"And until such commissioners shall have been ap-
pointed, and the dutie- devolved upon them by thisactshall
have been e\ecutod and performed, and tiie boundaiy be-
tween the Prate of Texas arid the temtory of the Gmted
States shall be definitively settled, the rights and possession
of Texas and the Tinted Stntcs in and to the territory in
dispute shall remain as they now are."
Mr. RUSK. Is it in order to move to amend
that amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to offer an amendment of
a similar character to the one now offered, which I
will read for the information of the Senate. 1 shall
feel bound to vote against the amendment as it
now stands. I propose to add at the end of the
section:
Provided, That in the mean time thf* rights and claim of
the State of Texas and (he Untied States respectively shall
remain as they were on the lf>th of March, 3849."
A long discussion followed, in which Mr. RUSK,
Mr. DAYTON, Mr. BERRIEN, Mr. BUTLER,
Mr. HALE, Mr. BENTON, Mr. BRADBURY,
Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi, and Mr. DAWSON
paiticipated, and which will he found m the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. HALE, to obviate objections which had
been made to his amendment, modified it as fol-
lows :
t( And the rights both of the TTnited State? and Texas to
the teriitory in dispute shall remain the same as they were
at the date ot the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and neither party shall be piejudieed
bv anvthitiff ^hieh has subsequently ooenrred, nor shall
either party take any further steps to reduce those righis to
posses-ion until after said commissioners shall have hecn
appointed and shall have dischamed the duties devolved
upon them bv this act, and Congress or Texas shall have
acted definitely thereon."
Without disposing of the question,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 25, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
JOHN A* ROGERS.
Mr. THOMAS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to move that the report heretofore
made from the Committee of Claims, in the case
of John A. Rogers, (and which had been made
by mistake,) be withdrawn, and that the papers in
the said case be also withdrawn from the files of
the House.
JNo objection being made, it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
WEIGHING, GAUGING, &C.
Mr. MILLSON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution;
which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire whether any further legislation be neces-
sary to protect the owners, agents, or consignees of imported
merchandise from the payment of any of the charge* of
weighing, ganging, or measuring, exacted by circular in-
struction a of the Secretary of the Treasury, to collectors
and other officers of the customs, dated February 2,1850;
and ospecially !fi ca^es where the invoice or entry of mer-
chandise contains the aggregate weight or quantity of such
merchandise but may nor state the weight or quantity of
each box, cask, or other package 5 and al-o in ca-es in
which merchandise is imported h  hulk, and the invoice or
entry may contain the quantitv or bulk, but in which, never-
theless, the owner or consignee is required to pay the
charee* of weighing or nieasattna, where ever so i>ma!l a
variation of the weight or measure, exceeding that given in
the invotce or entry, is found to exist j and that said com-
mittee report by bill or otherwise.
No objection having been made,
The resolution was received, andr without de-
bate, was adopted.
FOREIGN MAIL.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House at this time to introduce a bill,
of which, he said, previous notice had been given.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
li A bill to provide forcarrying the United States
Mail between the ports of Liverpool and Philadel-
phia."
Mr. JONES rose and objected.
So the bill was not introduced.
Mr. BAYLY called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the call of the committees for
REPORTS.
The call was commenced with the Committee
on the Judiciary, where it had yesterday been
suspended.
Mr. SAWTELLE, from the Committee or*
Revolutionary Claims, reported back, without
amendment, the Senate bill entitled "An act for the
relief of Judith Worthen, deceased;'' which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and 9
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McWILLIE, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, made adverse reports in the fol-
lowing ca^es; which were severally ordered to lie
on the tahle and be printed, viz:
The petition of the heirs of Captain John Chris-
tian, asking commutation pay;
The petition of the heirs and distributees of
Colonel William Nelson, for a commutation pay
equal to five years' half pay;
The petition of Jonathan Shafer, the heir of
Christian Orndorf, praying the payment of a
Government settlement certificate issued to his
father, in consideration for services in the revolu-
tionary war;
The petition of John McAdams for commutation
pay;
The petition of Daniel Hart for compensation
for revolutionary services;
The petition of Abraham Van Ingen, the sur-
viving son of Derk Van Ingen, hospital surgeon
m the northern district, from 1770 to 1780, praying
the passage of a bill making indemnity for depre-
ciation in continental money; and
The petition of John Atlee, administrator of S 
A. Atlee, asking the payment of §260 due the lat-
ter by the Government.
Mr. McW. also, from the same committee, re-
ported a hill, for the relief of the heirs of Philip R
Rice; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. PRESTON KING, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Henry J.
Turner, and it was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
SECURITY FOR COSTS.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of
the Legislature of Indiana, upon the subject, re-
ported a bill requiring security for costs to be
given in certain cases in courts of the United
States; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. MOREHEAD, remarking that the bill pro-
vided that security for costs accruing m such
suits should be given in cases of patentees and
the assignees of patentees, asked that the bill might
be read and put upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken, and
The SPEAKER said, the ayes appear to have it.
