354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the execntrij of Conrad Ten Byck have
.eave to withdraw her petition tind papers.
On the motion of Mr. BELL, the farther call
for petitions and memorials was dispensed with.
EXPENSE OF COLLECTING THE REVENUE.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the amendment of
the House to the joint resolution of the Senate
limiting the expense of collecting the revenue from
custorss for the present fiscal year, reported the
same back to the Senate, accompanied with the
following amendment:
"Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
authorized to dispose ot the bonded warehouses now leased
by Government mi or before the first of January next,on the
best practicable terms for the Government; but lie may r*'-
tatn such parts of said houses, or lease such other houses, at
his discretion, as may he necessary for the storage of un-
claimed goods, or goods which for any other reason are re-
quired by law to be stored by the Government."
The question was stated to be on the adoption
of the amendment reported by the committee
Mr. DICKINSON said: The law of last Con-
gress, as construed by the Attorney General, tool;
effect on the firsC of January last, and limited the
expense of collecting the revenue to the sum of
§1,560,000, in addiiion to the expenses of stor ge,
drayage, cartage, &c. The estimates of the Sec-
retary for the next fiscal year, instead of being
$1,570,(100, besides the items for storage, amount
to §2.750,000. TheSecretary oftheTreasury asks,
and the special message of the Piesident calls our
attention to the subject, that the law of 1849 be
suspended, or that relief be furnished the Depart-
ment from its stringent operation—the amount al-
lowed by it, in the Secretary's opinion, not being
sufficient for the exigencies of the service. The
Senate passed a bill appropriating for the expense
of the last half of the present fiscal vear, for the
relief of the Treasury Department, the same
amount which had been expended for a like ser-
vice and like period of time during the year 1848.
The amount expended in 1848 was #1,855,008 10',
independent of the items for storage, drayage, and
cartage, which amounted to $152,723 70, making
an aggregate of $5,007,723 70, if these items were
now no larger than m 1848. The bill went to the
House of Representatives, and there it was
amended, and returned to the Senate as amended,
so as to appropriate specifically $1,000,000 for the
collection, of the revenue proper for the last half of
the present fiscal year; $,50,000 for expense of
warehousing; §25,000 for Texas and Orego#; and
$50,000 for new business and new districts, ma-
king the amount #1,225,000.
These amounts, together with items of receipt
for labor, drayage, stotage, cartage, &e., if those
items shall be the same in 1850 that they were
in 1848, will be, in the aggregate, $1,377,723 70.
They will, however, amount to much more, as
I understand that for the first half of the present
fiscal year they amounted to §181,000 and up-
wards. The expenses properly chargeable upon
them will be also somewhat increased. The
amount thus appropriated by the House of Rep-
resentatives cxceeds considerably the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated by the bill as it went from
the Senate, It is less by between two or three
hundred thousand dollars than the Secretary has
asked for, and insists is necessary. The majority
of the Committee on Finance, I am authorized to
say, are clearly of opinion that the amount appro-
priated by this bill is considerably larger than is
necessary to secure efficiency in the service, and
larger than they will consent to permanently, when
an opportunity shall be afforded to investigate the
matter carefully, and make specific and permanent
appropriations!. The majority of the committee
desire to express this opinion. The minority ex-
press n i opinion on that point, reservingthemselves
for such opinion as they may form and express here-
after. The committee a re, however, unanimously
of opinion, in view of the derangement, of the col-
lection of the revenue, owing to circumstances over
which this body has and had no control—in view
of the short space of time intervening between this
and the end of the fiscal vear—that,'on the whole,
it is best to pass this bill as it is, and concur in the
amendment of the House.
The receipts from customs this year, from pres- j
ent indications, will be unusually large, and should
not be put at hazaid. 'There have been already I
actually collected §4,525,526 in the month of Janu- I
ary alone; |2,972,325 of which was collected at j
the port of New York in that single month; and,
estimating fairly for ports not heard from, tbe re-
ceipts, actual and estimated,, for the month of
January amount to the round sum of $5,000,000;
and we do not believe it worth while for the
balance of- this fiscal year to struggle against the
views of the Department, or between the Houses
and among ourselves, over the difference of opin-
ion which exists. Under the exigencies of the
case, and the peculiar circumstances in which we
find this great interest, we recommend that this
bill pass, with an amendment to the amendment of
the House relating to the warehousing system,
conferring upon the Secretary of the Treasury a
power to dispose of the Government warehouses,
which power it is supposed he already possesses,
but about which there appears to be some doubt.
With this explanation, it is hoped that the bill
will be allowed to pass without delay.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to. The amendment adopted by
the House was also concurred in.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Isabella Cole, executrix of William Cole, asking
indemnity for injuries done to a vessel and«cargo
by the authorities in Peru, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
refeired the petition of John Spencer, late receiv-
er of public moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it be referred togthe
Committee on Public Lands; which was concurred
in.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the resolution re-
laiing to the. claims of John Hogan, reported a
joint resolution for his relief, directing the Secre-
tary of Slate to settle Ins accounts upon the prin-
ciples of equity and justice; which was read a
first and second time by unanimous consent, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the several memo-
rials praying an extension of the jurisdiction of
the United States distiict courts over all the navi-
gable lakes and rivers in the United States, made
an adverse report on the same; which was ordered
to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of citizens of New York ask-
ing that accounts may be kepi in the national cur-
rency, and that Spanish and Mexican coins of the
value of six and a quarter and twelve and a half
cents be valued as dimes and half dimes, moved
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to amend the act entitled " An act
to amend the act entitled ' An act supplemental to
the act for the admission of Iowa and Florida into
Ihe Union,' " reported the same back without
amendment.
Mr. B. further, from the same committee, to
which was referred' the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Indiana, in relation to costs in the United
States courts, in suits irrvolving questions of
patent rights by patentees or their assignees who
were insolvent, reported a bill requiring plaintiffs
in certain cases to give security for costs; which
was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to promote the efficiency
of the naval establishment, by providing a retired
list for disabled officers; which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on PublL
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of
Nathaniel Champ, asking the renewal of a mili-
tary bounty land warrant, submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of John Champ and others;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.'
Mr. F. alscf, from'the same committee, to
which was referred the memorial of citizens of
Kanesville, Iowa, asking a grant of titles to the
lands on which that town is located, submitted an
adverse report ugon the same; whicji was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Indian Af-
   ^ Feb. 13,
fairs, to which wag referred the petition of the
heirs of Joshua Kennedy, submitted a report,  
which was ordered to be primed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Joshua Kennedy, deceased; which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
CONVENTION WITH BRAZIL.
Mr. KING. I de3ira to call the attention of
the Senate to a bill reported from the Committee
on Foreign Relations some days since, to' carry
into effect the convention between the United
States and Brazil of the 27th day of January,
1849. Unless it is taken up and acted upon speed-
ily, the probability is that the money will not be
forthcoming. I hope, therefore, the Senate wilt
indulge me by taking up the bill out of it* order.
The question is whether you will lose the money,
or whether you will take the bill up now.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
the bill was agieed to, and it was read by the Sec-
retary.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to submit to the consid-
eration of the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations an idea which has occurred to me.
I do not know but that the committee has already
considered it, but if not, I would like it to be
thought of. We have now in this city a commis-
sion acting under the Mexican treaty, and i be-
lieve its labors are drawing to a close. And as I
happen to know personally the secretary to that
commission, I would observe that he is a good lin-
guist, and understands both the Spanish and Por-
tuguese languages. The idea which occurred to
me is, whether it would not be better, instead of
creating a new board, to assign to the existing
board the duty of passing upon" the claims arising
out of this treaty. Everythirg is there; the com-
mission is organized; they have their clerk and
secretary; anil it seems to me the matter would be
finished much sooner than if a new board, or new
eommi«sion were appointed. I make the sugges-
tion for the consideration of the committee.
Mr. KING. The committee in framing this
bill kept in view the amount which was to be re-
ceived. It is a small amount, and instead of hav-
ing an extensive machinery, such as at present
exists in regard to Mexican claims, it will simply
require one commissioner and a secretary. The
amount is small, and the individuals who are the
most interested will be perfectly satisfied with
the decision of one commissioner, whatever it
may be. ' '
With regard to the individual of whom the *
Senator from Kentucky speaks, the time of the
present commission will soon expire, and then
probably the services of the gentleman named can
be made available. I hope this bill will be suffered
to pass, because it is important that the matter
should be speedily arranged. I will move (here-
fore, m the present stage of this bill, to fill the
blanks; and to fill that fixing the compensation of
the commissioner with the sum of $3,000, and
that with regard to the cleik with the sum of
$2,000. .
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest $1,500 for the
clerk. It has been suggested to me that that sum
is quite sufficient for the services of a clerk.
The question was taken on filling the first
blank with |3,000, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion is on filling the second blank with the sum of
$2,000.
Mr. FOOTE. I move to amend by substitu-
ting the sum $1,500.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was negatived.
The question then recurred on the original
proposition, winch was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is within my own knowl-
edge that while Mr. Wise was our Minister at
Rio he was intrusted with certain original papers
to aid him in the prosecution of his d"uties there.
It is also believed that our present Minister has
been intrusted with certain original papers to ena-
ble him to negotiate this business. I suppose they
are upon the proper flies there. The amount which
this treaty stipulates that that Government shall
pay to ours is small, and the suggestion to which
1 wish to call the attention of the chairman of the
committee is this. I do not know whatis'the rule
adopted by this Government, or how far this com-
mission would be authorized, in exercising its
