1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
thus pledged, he undertook tp show that it would
be no violation of this pledge to dispose of the
public lands, in conformity with the provisions of
the bill, because, instead of destroying or depreci-
ating this property, the effect of a general settle-
ment and cultivation of these lands would be an
enhancement of their value, and consequently im-
paited the security to the public creditor. He
thought that he could demonstrate this. In the
first place, he went on to prove that a settlement
of the public lands, as proposed by this bill, would
create a new source of public revenue, while it
increased the value of the lands.
Were we to take a quarter section of land, which
is now totally unproductive, lying in a wild state,
and sell it for what it is now worth, how much
of the public debt will it pay ? It will pay very
little. What would be the effect of the adoption
of the system now proposed ? You take a num-
ber of your citizens who now give no aid to the
support of the Government, and place them in a
condition to become contributors to the public
Treasury. You give the poor man one hundred
and sixty acres of land. He goes upon it, im-
proves his little farm, and gradually acquires
means which enable him to purchase something
beyond the mere necessaries of life. He looks
around him for luxuries; and as these are imported
articles, and are subject to a duty at the custom-
house, by their purchase, he becomes a contribu-
tor to the revenue. Suppose that he expends on
articles of this class one hundred dollars in the
course of a year, and there is a duty of thirty per
cent, on these articles, the purchaser becomes a
contributor to theTreasury to that amount, paying
thirty dollars towards the public revenue. Thus,
by giving the poor man a portion of the public
lands, you enable him to contribute to the expenses
of the Government. In seven years you thus en-
able him to pay more than the original value of
the land.
The people throughout the whole country are
coming up to this principle; they are beginning to
understand the pioper policy in reference, to this
subject, and they will have the lands. In giving
these lands away to the laboring citizen, you give
with them the ability to contribute to the expenses
of the Government. The man now pays thirty
dollars per annum into the Treasury, who never
paid anything before. And you thus establish a
power of creating wealth which will progress from
year to year. The annual contribution of $30
will amount in seven years to $210. Thus, in
seven years, you get back your $210, which is all
you originally asked as the price of the lands.
But it doe3 not stop here. Every seven years
thereafter, he will continue to pay this $30 an-
nually. it will require about seven hundred years
to get all our public lands disposed of. But sup-
posing that it should take six hundred years. In
every seven years you pay $210. How often is
7 in 600? It will go85 times. So that, by giving
these lands to men who will settle on them and
cultivate them in the course of six hundred years,
this calculation makes the amount which the Gov-
ernment will receive for a quarter section of land
upwards of $17,000. Such would be the result of
the working out of the general principle involved
in this bill.
Take another view. What does the Govern-
mentgain by keeping these public lands in hand,
and unoccupied? He then went on to show, that
the loss on the capital, calculating the value of the
lands according to the present estimate, would, in
six hundred years, amount to nearly $10,000.
But this was not all the benefit which would re-
sult from the adoption of the system contained in
this bill. He would now show that it would not
only make money for the Government, but that it
would make better men. By placing in the hands
of man the means of providing for the wants and
comforts of life, you elevate him to a higher rank
as a citizen. He has a home, where his wife and
children reside; he has a property to improve and
defend. When the election day rolls around, he
comes to the ballot-boxi, and exercises his fran-
chise with that independence which-becomes a free
citizen. He there maintains his rights, looks his
neighbor in the face, and then returns to the home
where his dearest affections are centred. If he
could do as he wished, this bill should never go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, or to the Speaker's table, where it would
not again be heard of. It should become a law at
once, and we should then see every citizen in the
enjoyment of his home, his horse, his stable, and
his barn, and his wife milking her own cow and
churning her own butter.
The amount of the public lands on the 30th of
September, 1848, was 1,442,216.116 acres, which,
at the price of §1 25 per acre, was §1,802,707,000.
He knew no good reason why these lands should
not be brought into use, by distributing them
among those who wou.ld settle on and cultivate
them.
He stated that he had many other facts which
he might have laid before the House to strengthen
his views; but he would withhold them for the
present, as he intended fully to publish his speech,
as soon as it could be prepared.
[A full report of Mr. Johnson's remarks will
be given in the Appendix.]
Mr. J. concluded by giving notice that he would,
at the proper time, move to amend the title of the
bill, by adding thereto the following:
And to provide a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acres ot the public domain for every man who is the head
ot a family, and a citizen of the United States, or any widow
who is the mother of a child oi children, who may become
permanent occupants and cultivators of the same.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, next obtained
the floor, and yielded it at the request of several
gentlemen for brief explanations, viz:
Mr. DEBERRY, who said he had understood
the gentleman from Tennesee, to say that this bill
had undergone a thorough discussion before the
Committee on Agriculture. He, (Mr. D.) took this
occasion to say that the bill had undergone no dis-
cussion before that committee. He was enabled
to make this statement, as he had been a constant
attendant of the meetings of that committee during
the present session. It was a very important sub-
ject, and one that ought to go to some committee,
where it would receive a thorough investigation.
He should think that the Committee on Public
Lands would be the proper committee.
Mr. YOUNG would state, in reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from North Carolina, that
if he intended to say that there was no discussion
on the bill in the committee, of as extensive a
character as that that had just been made by the
gentleman from Tennessee, he was certainly
correct; but if he intended to say there was
no discussion on the bill, he was not correct; as
the bill was read in the committee, and some of the
amendments which were proposed to the original
bill by himself were changed at the suggestion of
other members of the committee, and the bill as
amended was agreed upon by the committee, and
with all members of the committee, save one,
present. He was authorized to report the bill as
amended, with but one or two dissenting voices.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said the gentle-
man from North Caroljna had misunderstood him.
He had said that the bill had been reported by in-
struction of the committee; that various amend-
ments had been made, and although there- might
not have been a formal discussion, still it had re-
ceived the favorable consideration and action of
the committee—a committee composed of some of
the best men in the House.
Mr. McMULLEN said, the bill had undergone
examination m committee, though it might not
have been discussed by set speeches. As a mem-
ber of the committee, he (Mr. McM.) had moved
an amendment, and some two or three amend-
ments had been adopted by the committee, and
they had directed the bill to be reported to the
House. He added, that he reserved to himself the
right to vote upon the final passage of the bill as
his judgment should dictate.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, resumed the floor,
and was proceeding to express his concurrence m
the views of Mr. Johnson, and to say that he be-
lieved now, as he had always believed, that there
ought not to be m this country one single family
without a home. He believed that the prosperity
of the nation, the prosperity of the States aepa-
lately, the prosperity of the people individually and
in the aggregate, would be promoted by the pas-
sage of some such measure.
Mr. STANLY rose, and, saying that the gentle-
man from Mississippi could go on with his remarks
to-morrow morning, called for the orders of the day.
Mr. CROWELL hoped the gentleman from
North Carolina would withdraw his motion. He
had three or four reports, which he had for several
weeks been waiting to make, from the Committee
on Indian A.ffittrs.
Mr. STANLY said, until this bill was disposed
of, the gentleman would have no opportunity to
make his reports.
Mr. CROWELL inquired if it would be in order
to move to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Urrion?
The SPEAKER replied, that such a motion was
not now in order, a3 the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] who was on the floor, could
not be interrupted by any other motion than the
motion to proceed to the order of the day.
Mr. INGE inquired, in case the House pro-
ceeded to the order of the day, if would not then be
in order to move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
The SPEAKER replied that it would be.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said, if it were
the disposition of the House to proceed to other
business, he would move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was entertained.
After further conversation—
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Stanly, and decided in the affirmative.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a statement of the Second Comptroller
of the Treasury, showing the balances of the ap-
propriations on the 1st of July, 1848, those made
for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1849, the re-
payments and transfers, the amounts drawn from
the Treasury, &c. On motion of Mr. BAYLY, or-
dered to be printed and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting statements of the expenditures from
the contingent fund of that department and its
bureaus and offices during the fiscal year ending
30th June 1849, prepared in conformity with the
20th section of the act of August 26,1842; which
letter and accompanying statements, on the motion
of Mr. BAYLY, were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting the names of the clerks and other per-
sons employed in that department during the year
1849, with the time each person was actually em-
ployed, with the sums paid to each, together with
the statements furnished by the heads of the sev-
eral bureaus of that department, in compliance
with the 11th section of the act of August 26,1842;
which letter and accompanying statements were,
on the motion of Mr. BAYLY, laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a statement from the Fourth Auditor
of the Treasury, of the receipts and expenditures
on account of the navy pension fund for the year
ending the 30th of September, 1849; which letter
and~accompanying statements were laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, transmitting the annual report of the
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution;
which letter and report were laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and carried in the affirma-
tive.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1851.
The general debate on the bill had closed yester-
day, under an order of the House heretofore
adopted.
But a portion of the hour allowed by the rule to
the member reporting the bill, (Mr. Bayly, in
this instance,) yet remaining—
Mr. B. proceeded to address the committee.
Mr. BAYLY said, that before he made the few
remarks he designed to submit in reply to the
