1850.
THE ' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this court. It holds circuits, tries causes, and is
also a court of appellate jurisdiction. And, sir
pass this resolution and you will next find that
circuit and all other circuits down upon you for
a like clerk.
I do not believe this clerk necessary in fact,
ihe Supreme Court decides some fifty or sixtv
causes a year, while the Court of Appeals in New
York decides several hundred causes of equal, and
1 think, generally of more importance. That court
has but one clerk; then, sir, where is there any
necessity for this appointment ?
^ have as high a respect for the Supreme Court
of the United States as any man, but I do not
agree with the gentleman from Connecticut, who
yesterday seemed to regard himself as called upon
to defend that Court, and who seemed to hold that
an application from it to this House was above all
consideration or examination. I do not subscribe
to any such doctrine There is no body in this
country, no coordinate branch of this Government
above question, above investigation. The Su
premp Court has assumed no such ground,and no
such ground can be admitted by me or main-
tained.
I hope the resolution will be reconsidered, and
then defeated.
Mr. EWING said: It,seems to me that gentle-
men view this measure in rather a. narrow and
contracted spirit. The labors of'the Supreme
Court cannot fairly be compared with those of
any State court in the Union. The courts of the
different States are local in their character, and
are usually confined in their investigations to
the construction and interpretation of a system of
law with which they are familiar; arid the difficul-
ties ordinarily incident to their station are in the
application of general principles to the facts of each
particular case. Consequently, of the cases be-
fore them, many are decided without serious argu-
ment.
How different is the situation of the Supreme
Court of the United States; forming the common
centre of appeal from thirty different States, with
differing primary sources from which they drew
their systems, and widely varying statutory enact-
ments, the field of investigation for the judges is j
wholly unlimited. The common and civil law,
the French, S| anish, and Mexican codes, with
their treaties and decisions, must all, in their turn,
be brought under review. Translations and in-
terpretations are continually necessary, and all
this must be done in a limited period.
The whole field of law, from the beginning of all
human institutions, must be traversed by the
judges of the Supreme Court. And how is it to
be expected that a citizen taken from one of the
States, and placed on the Supreme Bench, can find
time to extend his researches through the judicial
records of all countries, unless he is permitted to
avail himself of the aid which this labor requires?
I hold it to be the first business of the country to
give all the aid necessary to keep the important
machinery of the Supreme Court in operation.
The decisions of the courts of the different States
are only binding in the particular State where the
question arises, and not even there, in many cases
arising under the Constitution and laws of the
United States. The judgments and decisions of
the Supreme Court of the Union are not intended
to settle the local law of Pennsylvania, or any one
particular State. They are the supreme law of
the land; the ultima ratio in all cases which are the
subjects of judicial decision. They have im-
pressed, and will continue to impress upon this
. great Government the stamp of their intellect.
They will, to a great extent, guide its doctrines in
all future time. It is then all important that they
should have every facility which may possibly be
deemed expedient, to enable them to be enlight-
ened on the subjects before them, so as not only
to decide aright, but also to give universal satis-
faction. If they are of opinion that it is necessary j
to have a clerk to assist them in their laborious in- I
vestigations, is there not great propriety in giving
to them all the aid they ask? Are not the nine
gentlemen who occupy the Bench competent to
judge of the necessity of the case?
Mr. PECK asked leave to interrupt the gentle-
man from Tennessee, merely to ask a single ques-
tion. Are not the Judges themselves the most j
competent to decide whether this clerk is necessary |
for them in carrying on their judicial operations? j
And if they are divided in opinion on this point, i
357
may we not be permitted to entertain doubts on
the subject?
' Mr. EWING. I do not know how the Judges
stand in reference to the question.
Mr. PECK. I am not informed as to the opin-
ion of every Judge. But I understand there is a
difference of opinion among them, although a ma-
jority of them are in favor of the measure.
Mr. EWING. Then it appears a majority of
the Bench think this additional aid necessary.
Now in all matters connected with the machinery
of any legislative or judicial assembly, it is al-
ways proper and expedient to give almost over-
powering weight to the recommendation of the
persons interested. We hold the purse-strings of
the Government, but we have no means of esti-
mating the necessities of the other departments of
our Government; and whenever they ask, not for
additional salaries, but merely for clerical force to
assist'them in the mere machinery of their action,
it seems to me a mean and pitiful economy which
refuses their application, and constitutes ourselves
the arbitrary judges of the wants of a coordinate
branch of the Government. The true economy of
the money of the people, is to afford them every
facility for obtaining speedy justice in all their
courts, and more especially in the high tribunal
where the hopes aud fortunes of hundreds of
widows end orphans are now, and have been sus-
pended for years.
If the Judges think it necessary to have more
aid, it is our duty to furnish it. They are the
best judges of this necessity, as they have looked
at the subject in all its bearings, and it is our duty
to accede to their wishes. Let us for a momont
reverse our positions, if the Supreme Court pos-
sessed the legislative authority, and we were to go
to it, and ask the appointment of a clerk to assist
us in our duties, and they were to tell us—"We
know better than you can possibly do what as-
sistance is necessary for you, and our regard to
economy in the expenditure of the public money
will not allow us to comply with your wish"—
what propriety should we see in such an argu-
ment? You have certainly the power to treat the
Supreme Couit with disrespect by refusing their
request. But the arguments on which you ground
your refusal ought to be such as will command
the respect and approval of the country. The
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania had stated that the
Court did not dispose of more than fifty or sixty
cases during the term, and that each Judge there-
fore had only to consider five or six cases. Does
that gentleman mean to say tha: the Chief Justice
merely gives his attention to these five or six cases?
J hope, sir, that every Judge on the Bench exam-
ines every case brought before the Supreme Court,
and decides for himself, and from his own investi-
gation, and that thejudgment of the Court embraces
the united opinion of all the Judges.
Mr. STRONG begged permission to explain
what he had said. What he had submitted was,
not that the Judges did not examine all the cases
which were brought before the supreme tribunal;
but that, under the rules which had been estab-
lished between the Judges, the cases were allotted
to different Judges, and under this allotment only
some five or six of the cases fell to the share of
cach Judge. Although all the Judges examined
the cases for the purposse of making up their
judgments, the labor of preparing the decision of
the Court was distributed in the way he had named.
Mr. EWING said he was willing to admit that
to be the fact. But if every Judge went through
all the arduous labor of investigating the case for
himself, what was the additional toil of the mere
mechanical labor of wilting out the opinion. If
he had brought his mind to a settled conclusion,
he believed it would be rather a pleasurable than
a toilsome employment, to put the grounds of that
decision on paper, especially if there was any-
thing spicy about it, and so, he believed, it would
be regarded by the Judges.
He should feel himself ready to bleed for the
character of the Supreme Court, if he could per-
suade himself that any one of the Judges did not
bring his whole mind to the investigation of every
case submitted to that tribunal before he gave his
judgment. He had remarked, that the decisions
of the Supreme Court were of the highest import-
ance to the country; and he was desirous that
they should look into all the authorities before
they came to a decision. The more numerous the
authorities they produced, the more satisfactory to
him. And, for the purpose of enabling them to
extend their researches, he was willing1 to
~tj  :i_i. i- i_. i *i .. . ®
them all possible light, and all possible means of
reaching that light.
It had been objected, this that clerk would infuse
his own views and opinions in the decisions of the
Court. ^ But if it could even occur that the mere
ipse dixit of this clerk should control the decision
of a single Judge, it would be time for that Judge
to quit the bench. He repeated his high confl-
ict m the SuPreme Court. It was a tribunal
which commanded his entire respect. The Judges
knew best what^ they wanted, and he was ready
to grant that which they asked. He would stand
by that court, and would always be disposed to
give them the authority which would enable them
to carry into effect, by the best means they could
devise, the important functions with which the
constitution had invested them.
It is useless to reply to the sneer against the
capacity and ability of the Court. The people of
this great Union revere it as one of the institutions
of our forefathers, illustrated and adorned by the'
genius and erudition of a Marshall and a Story, ard
even now upheld and sustained by miin scarcely
inferior to these mighty masters of their profes-
sion. I shall, in the darkest hours of our Republic,
look to the Supreme Court as the palladium of our
institutions, and as one of the brightest and purest
ornaments of our system.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose and
stated that he had voted for the passage of the
joint resolution, and that he should now vote for
the reconsideration of the vote by which that joint
resolution was passed. On looking more minute-
ly at the joint resolution, he saw that the joint
resolution provided not merely for the appointment
of a clerk, but that it looked to the addition of a
minor judge to the court as it is now constructed
by law.
He therefore would vote for the reconsidera-
tion of the vote, and on that question he would
ask for the previous question.
And there was a second. And the main ques-
tion (on the reconsideration) was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
The question, "Shall the vote by which the sai3
joint resolution was passed be reconsidered ?" was
taken and decided in the affirmative without a
division.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then recurring on the passage ,of
the joint resolution—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the resolution be recommitted to the Committee
on the Judiciary. **
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table, But he withdrew the motion for a
moment (he said) for the purpose of saying that,
if he was not mistaken as to the condition of the
resolution, if it should be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary that committee would have no
control over, nor any power to amend it, because
the resolution had had its third reading and been
put upon its passage. It would, he presumed, be
necessary for the House to travel back and to re-
consider the vote ordering the resolution to a third
reading, before the Committee on the Judiciary
could make any amendment to it. He would now
renew the motion that the resolution be laid upon
the table.
Mr. WINTHROP said, that to obviate the dif-
ficulty suggested by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,]" he (Mr. W.) rose to a priv-
ileged question. He moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the joint resolution had been
ordered to a third reading; if that vote should be
reconsidered, the resolution would then be open
to amendment.
The question on that motion was then taken,
and, by ayes 68, noes 89, was decided in the neg-
ative.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution had been ordered to a third
reading.
The question then recurred "on the motion of
Mr. Jones, and having been taken, was decided
in the affirmative without a division.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the joint resolution
limiting the expenses of collecting the revenue from
