1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CROWELL inquired if it would be in or-
der now to move to lay aside this biil to be re-
ported ?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that the motion to
lay the bill aside could not be put until all the
amendments should have been disposed of.
Mr. GORMAN inquired if any amendment was
now pending ?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, that
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
had reported amendments from the Military Com-
mittee.
Mr. GORMAN said, he thought the amend-
ments had not been offered, but merely given no-
tice of.
The CHAIRMAN acquiesced in this view of
the facts, and said that no amendment was pend-
ing.
Some further conversation ensued between Mr.
Gorman and the Chairman, Mr. G. endeavoring,
but unsucessfully, to procure the bill to be laid
aside, with the view of taking up the California
bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the bill was
open to amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL offered an amendment, pro-
viding that in lieu of the present pay and emolu-
ments of every kind now allowed bylaw to the
Professors of Mathematics, their annual compensa-
tion shall be $2,000.
He stated that the Professors of Mathematics at
West Pomt, now received the pay and emoluments
of a Major: he proposed, instead, to give them a
specific sum of money.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground that it proposed to change an
existing law, whereas the object of the appropria-
tion bill was to carry into effect the laws as they
existed.
Messrs. MARSHALL and HOLMES appealed.
No debate was in order.
Some irregular conversation followed on the
point of order.
Mr. BURT desired, he said, that the ground
upon which the chairman had based his decision
might be understood. And he (Mr. B.) desired
to put an inquiry, whether the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] cre-
ated any Office by law.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say it
did not.
Mr. BURT. Then it is a provision for that
which is already created by law.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, desired that the 81st
rule of the House might be read (as that under
which the Chairman had declared the amendment
out of order.)
The rule was read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such genera! ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
tor any expenditure not previously authouzed by law, uti-
les-® in continuation of appropriations for such public work*
and objects ns are already m progress, and for the contin-
gencies tor canying on the severai departments of the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired of the Chair
whether this amendment did not make provision
for one of the contingencies contemplated by the
rule, a3 requisite to carry on one of the depart-
ments of the Government?
The reply of the Chairman was not heard.
Mr. WHITE inquired of the Chair, whether
the 14th, 15th, and 16th lines of the bill were not
also out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, they
were out of order.
After a brief conversation between Mr. Holmes
and the Chairman on a point of previous practice—
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
sustaining the decision of the Chair.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 65, noes 50.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. CARTTER desired, he said, to make a
brief statement in relation to this matter of adiust-
jng the pay of officers and professors at West
Point Academy.
The CHAIRMAN said, the gentleman might
proceed by unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. CARTTER said, he should vote against
any proposition which created a distinction be-
tween officers of the same grade, in point of emol-
ument. He was for doing equal justice to every
department of the service.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Jones
and the Chair as to the part of the bill which was
immediately under consideration.
I The bvl I was then read by items.
1 Mr. BURT moved to strike out from the bill
| the following:
" And that no professor of the Military Academy shall be
entitled to draw forage, or money in Iteu thereof, for more
than on? horse, to be owned and actually kept in service."
Some conversation followed upon a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN finally ruled the amendment
in order.
And the question being on its adoption,
Mr. SACKETT proposed an amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was not in
order.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Bur? ,
Mr. BURT said, he trusted the committee would
adopt the amendment that he had proposed. It
was not to be denied or concealed by any gentle-
man here, certainly not by any member of the '
Committee on Military Affairs, that the purpose
of allowing this forage was not to provide for
i horses for the professors at West Point, to enable
them to perform their duties as professors. No
such thing was pretended. A horse was not ne-
cessary for a professor, so far as his duties as pro-
fessor were concerned. The horse allowed him,
and the servant allowed him, were but means of j
increasing his pay. And he would say to the I
committee, on the authority of those who ought I
to know, and upon whose authority he relied with i
implicit confidence, that they were not able to re- ;
tain the most accomplished professors in the vari- j
ous branches of instruction at West Point, on \
account of the smallness of their compensation. |
He believed that professors of the same branches j
of science in every college in the country, certainly j
in every one-south of Philadelphia, received from <
twenty-three to twenty-five hundred dollars a j
year; and the consequence was, that men of first- :
rate talent and attainments could not be induced !
to remain in those professorships at West Point, j
The very moment that they had established a rep-
utation, and received an invitation to accept a pro-
fessorship elsewhere, they abandoned West Point
on account of the inadequacy of the salary. He
trusted, therefore, the committee would strike out j
the words that he had proposed should be stricken
out, and retain at least the present rate of com-
pensation.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment at the request of j
Mr. CARTTER who renewed it. He said he was J
totally opposed to the amendment, because it pro- i
posed to do indirectly what the Legislature refused j
to do directly. If was admitted by the gentleman ;
from South Carolina, that these professors had no j
use for horses; and yet it was proposed that each <
should receive forage for three horses, equal to
three times $96. And they must also be furnished
with a groom to rub down these horses which
they did not require. He really thought it was
supremely ridiculous for any set of men to legis-
late in that way.
Mr. BURT (the floor having been temporarily
yielded to him) said, he thought the gentleman
from Ohio had been long enough a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs to know that cer-
tain officers, among whom were three processors,
received pay corresponding to that of officers of
assimilated rank in the army, and that these al-
lowances were constituent portions of their sala-
ries.
Mr. CARTTER (resuming) said, the plain
English of it was this: A professor at West Point
reeeived$398 for a servant without havingany use
for one; he received annually about $300 for hay
j and oats for horses that he had no use for. If the
professors were to be furnished with hay and oats,
it should be done specifically, and then they should
be compelled ro eat them, or else the amount of
their salaries should be stated in money, so that it
might be comprehended. He could see no neces-
sity for providing forage for these professors un-
less they were to be compelled to demonstrate
propositions on the blackboard on horseback. He
took it for granted they did not live on oats, and
§300 worth of hay he thought would be a large
allowance for a professor of mathematics.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOLMES renewed it. He wished to
make one remark, he said, in answer to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who had placed the matter in
what the gentleman, no doubt, believed to be an
absurd position. He would ask the gentleman
how it was in the old Colony of Virginia, whose
government derived its revenue not from money
taxes, but from a tax of so many hogsheads of
tobacco—was there any absurdity in that?
But he would say further, that all those who
voted to sustain the decision of the Chair were
bound to vote for the amendment that had been
proposed by his colleague, for the object of the
amendment was to restore the law to what it had
heretofore been. Gentlemen who agreed with the
Chair in his decision, that it was out of order to
introduce any change in the existing law, were
certainly bound to support this amendment, be-
cause it was intended to sustain the existing law.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, who renewed the
amendment, and said he was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. That amendment proposed to allow to each
of the professors an additional number of horses.
Now, sir, (said Mr. H.,) the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has told us that these
professors receive, under existing laws, the pay
and emoluments of a Lieutenant Colonel of dra-
goons. Those officers are allowed three horses
each, but the clause of the bill which the amend-
ment proposes to strike out, reduces that number
to one—making a difference in the commutation
pay of §192 per annum. Now, sir, there are cap-
tains and brevet captains, first and second lieuten-
ants, and brevet first and second lieutenants, in the
army, who are fully competent to discharge the
duties of acting professors in the several professor-
ships. If these officers were transferred to these
professorships their present pay would be more
than doubled, and would be beyond doubt fully
satisfactory to them. As it now stands, all the
professors are civilians and have no connection
with the army. While the army contains so
many accomplished officers thus competent to dis-
charge those duties—who could be properly spared
from the line or staff, and who would be glad to
occupy those positions, with the pay as provided
for in the bill—I am opposed to its increase, as en-
tirely improper and unnecessary. They already
receive more than they would receive if at their
posts in the line of the army.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will the
gentleman permit me to suggest, that no officer of
the army who is entitled to horses can draw pay
or forage for those horses unless he certifies that
he has the horses? The objection that 1 have to
the existing law is, that the professors at West
Point have to certify that these horses have actu-
ally been kept for their use. They necessarily
receive the money under an equivocation.
Mr. HARRIS. I think that this provision of
the bill, as reported by the committee, is a proper
one, and that the House ought to sustain it. If
they have horses, they should be allowed forage,
and if not, forage should not be allowed.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR renewed it, for the purpose of
enabling him to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, what would be
the pay of a professor at We3t Point as the bill
now stood ?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that the pay and emolu-
ments of the Professor of Natural and Experi-
mental Philosophy amounted to about $1,951—
$900 being his pay proper, $365 for subsistence,
$288 for forage, and $398 for a servant. The
others received about $1,698, with the exception
of the Professor of Drawing and the Professor of
the French language, who received but$l,128 each.
Mr, TAYLOR. I will ask the gentleman what
reduction is proposed by the committee to be
made?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that the bill proposed a
reduction of forage to the amount of $192, the
forage for a horse being $96. Before the passage
of the law to which he had referred, they each re-
ceived $96, the forage for one horse, but since the
commencement of the Mexican war, they had re-
ceived forage for three horses. This bill proposed
to bring them back to where they were on the
peace establishment. He would state fuither, that
this provision of the bill, which the gentleman
