1850.
the congressional globe.
359
She territories belonging to us, we should transfer
the sceptre of political, power at once and forever
into the hands of the enemies of our institutions,
and the slaveholding States would enter upon a
fixed, dreary, hopeless minority in the face of a
growing aggression which threatens our very ex-
istence. To-day we hold a balance in the Senate
ot the United States, but the en trance ofanother non-
slaveholdmg State into the Union would turn that
balance against us. We shall never be stronger
than we are to-day. So far as we can read the fu-
ture, we must expect the dispropoition against us
to grow. To-day, then, it is our duty to ascertain
nrd fix the futuie policy of this Government.
The time ia come when the slaveholding States
must throw yp barriers against all future aggres-
sions, unless they are rfady to surrenderall weight
ill the Confederacy nf which they form a part, and
tamely submit to any policy which an overwhelm-
ing majority may impose upon them. The time
is come not only to resist the measures which now
threaten tliem, but to demand guarantees for their
futuie protection. I repeat it, sir, we shall never
be stronger than we are to-day, and we must there-
foie settle to-day the interests of the great futuie
which is opening before us. We are strong enough
now to repel the aggressions which threaten us,
and to secure ample protection for our future safety
if we have the spirit to press our demands.
If i required anything to remind .me «f my
duty to the people I represent in this crisis, it
would be found in the letter of the honorable
gentleman from New York, who sits near me,
[Mr. Duer,] lately addressed to the editor of an
influential journal published at the capital of his
State. That letter discloses the whole policy of
the movement against the interests of the souibern
States; it insists that the aim of those who seek to
exclude slavery from Deseret and New Mexico
maybe accomplished with perfect certainty by the
admission of California into the Union at this
time, it advises delay as to the territories, but it is
merely delay. The honorable gentleman does not
conceal his purpose, but with a fiatikness which is
creditable to him, he undertakes to persuade the
impatient advocates of the Wilmot proviso that
the true mode of accomplishing their object is to
welcome California into the Union now, with her
constitution excluding slavery, and to deal with
the territories hereafter. Sir, nothing can be wiser
than this; the conception is an admirable one; the
gieat Frederick, nor the still greater Napoleon,
neither of these successful commanders could have
projected a more skillful plan for the campaign.
The gentleman comprehends that the question, as
an entire question, is too formidable to be disposed
of at once. In overrunning the territories which he
would secure for northern dominion, he would take
California first, and then throw his force into the
remaining portions of the territory.
For one, sir, I am for offering battle at once. I
am for staking everything upon a single field. We
shall never be in better condition for contesting it
than we are now; and if we are hereafter to strug-
gle for a foothold in Deseret and New Mexico, I
prefer to struggle for ascendency in California too,
that we may bear our institutions with us to the
Pacific coast.
It is due, sir, to the President to say, that, in re-
commending the admittance of California and the
withholding governments fiom the remaining
portions of the territory, he believed that the tran-
quillity of the country would be preserved, and that
the interests of the southern States would be
secured. Recognizing the great populai right of
self-government in the inhabitants of the territories,
and believing that the very large increase of
American population in California entitled it to
admission as a State, he recommended the policy
to which I have adverted; but, sir, it is apparent
that the North will adopt only one part of the
Piesident's policy. They will consent to sustain
-his recommendations as to California, but they
advertise us in unmistakable terms that they go
with him no further.
I shall then insist, sir, upon an immediate and
complete settlemeut of this whole question, and I
earnestly trust that the people of the whole south-
ern country will insist on'it; that they will hold
the position they have taken; and that, merging
every other question m this, forgetting all differ-
ences, they will come up in this great sti uggle with
the compactness of a Roman phalanx and the re-
sistless tread of a Roman legion.
Before entering upon the consideration of the
proper mode ofsettling this controversy, I shall ex-,
amine the relations which theNoith and the South
respectively hold to it. And here I desire to say
that I shall not consent to argue this as a moral
question—thi.- is no place for such discussions—
the question is purely a political one. This Gov-
ernment was not established to , regulate moral
questions, but to protect political rights. Nor
shall I appeal to the benevolent disposition of gen-
tlemen to regard with favor the exposed condition
of our population.
This Government has no power to interfere
with our internal affairs; we feel no apprehension
ars to intestine commotions; we invoke in our be-
half no sentiments but those which ought to ani-
mate the equal representatives of a free and a kin-
dred people; we insist upon a great political right,
renting upon broad constitutional grounds. That
we shall maintain the right at whatever cost, I
do not doubt.
The verv question which now occupies us was
before the Convention which framed the Constitu-
tion. It engaged the attention of that great body
of wise and patriotic men; it was debated, it was
referred to committees, it was the subject of long
and anxious sittings; and when it came to be dis-
posed of, the extreme viewsof neither party pie-
vailed, b.ut a perfectly definite arrangement was
entered into, and, that it might be perpetuated, it
was wrought into the very body of the Constitu-
tion
A great mind of our own times, the expiring
gleams of which were seen in this hall, a mind
whose sympathies were all with the enemies of
| slavery, admitted that the slaveholding lords of the
South, as he styled them, demanded and secured
three provisions for their benefit, as conditions
upon which they assented to the Constitution—
the apportionment of representatives so as to in-
clude slaves in the estimate of population, the
\ pnvilea;e%of importing slaves for twenty years,
| and the stipulation to deliver up fugitives from
I labor.
| It will be observed, sir, that no power was as-
1 serted by the Convention over slavery; they did
| not undertake to control it; on the contrary the
i slaveholding States then asserted, as they now
; assert, that the right to hold slaves was independ-
1 ent of theConstitution. It is true there were pro-
I visions for the protection of the enjoyment of this
' right, the guarantee to suppress insurrection, and
the stipulations to restore fugitives from labor;
but the first of these is a power never likely to be
invoked, and the second, although it was adopted
without a single dissenting voice, is to-day habitu-
ally disregarded.
The power to regulate imposts was given to
Congress; and lest that power should be exeited
to arrest the importation of slaves, it was restricted
in its application to that traffic until the year 1808.
Is it not clear, that but for these provisions of the
Constitution—provisions inserted to secure an in-
crease of slaves to-protect that property, and to
enable the southern'States to maintain their bal-
ance in the Confederacy—that they would never
have come into the Union? Turn to the debates
in convention, and you will find spread upon their
pages ample proof of the determination of these
States never to consent to the creation of a gov-
ernment that did not contain the most explicit pro-
visions for the protection of their propeity, then
and thereafter The pages of the Federalist aflord
the most unmistakable evidence of the same fact.
Alexander Hamilton, in advocating the adoption
of the Constitution before the State convention of
New York, stated that the provision enumerating
three-fifths of the slaves as the basis of represent-
ation, was insisted upon resolutely by the south-
ern States, and that but for this concession they
would have refused to come into the Union. In
the great debate upon the admittance of Missouii,
one of the ablest advocates of the restrictive meas-
ure which the North sought to impose upon that
State, [Mr. Sergeant of Pennsylvania,] made the
important admission, th t the right of the slave-
holding States to their property is paramount to
the Constitution itselt ; .hat there is no express
grant in theConstitution for limiting slavery upon
the admittance of new States; and that to preserve
the balance of the States then and thereafter, the
rule of three-fifths was adopted.
Sir, let it be borne in mind that the balance be-
tween the southern States which were to continue
Slaveholding and planting States, and the northern
States, was to be preserved. We cannot now
consent to abandon the ground which we have
held from the estabfishment of the Government.
Any policy which proposes now to lessen the se- ■
curity of our property—to shake the guarantees
by which we enjoy it—to disturb the weight
which we hold in the Confederacy, will encoun-
ter on our part uncompromising opposition.'
This great question was revived upon the e
cation of Missouri to become a State of the Union.
The territory out-of which that State was formed
had been acquired from France by the. influenced
the South. Under the northern policy, Louisiana
would have never been acquired; indeed, under
the influence of northern statesmen, a treaty was
at one time nearly concluded, relinquishing the
right_ to navigate the southern waters of the
Mississippi. Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina,
with the aid of other statesmen who took the
southern view of the question—who compre-
hended the importance of bringing that exten-
sive region under our dominion, and especially
of securing the mouth of the Mississippi—under-
took and carried out the great measure which "ac-
quired for us that magnificent accession to our
wealth and our power. Yet, sir, when Missouri
applied for admittance into the Union, the north-
ern statesmen demanded that the South should he
excluded from all participation in the benefits of
the acquisition which they had made, and they
actually succeeded in subjecting the South to a
compromise, or rather a capitulation, which lim-
ited slavery within the parallel of thirty-six de-
grees and a half north latitude in all the territory
acquired from France.
That extensive region was at that time a slave-
holiling region; yet this limitation of slavery was
demanded by the North, and the line of 36° 30'
was stretched across it, cutting off the South from
a large share of the acquisition to which she had
mainly contributed; and independent States, since
formed our of territory which was at that time
open to slavery, have entered the Union to throw
their weight against the interest and the policy of
the slaveholding States. Yes, sir, the North ac-
tually appropriated a large share of the territory
which was acquired in the face of its policy; and
to-day, when another aggression is attempted
against the rights and the honor of the southern
States, when the people of those States threaten to
resist the aggression, they are told that the mouth
of the Mississippi shall be wrested from their do-
minion, and that its waters shall be ever free to the
people of the North. The mouth of the Missis-
sippi—acquired by the genius and the policy of
southern statesmen—the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, emptying its tribute in a far southern lati-
tude—the mouth of the Mississippi is to be heid
by the power of the North, even if these States
should form themselves into separate Confedera-
cies. I earnestly trust that the union of these
States will never be broken up; that the aggres-
sions which threaten to destroy it may be ar-
resied,and that the mighty waves of the floods
which dash against it may be stilled by the hand
mightier than the waters; but if a course of con-
tinued wrong on the part of the North should
drive the people of the southern States into resist-
ance; if, unhappily, this Government should be
rent asunder, you may rest assured, sir, the mouth
of the Mississippi will belong to the South.
Texas has been annexed to the United States;
and one of the conditions of its admittance was,
that in such States as might be formed out of its
territory north of the Missouri compromise Jine,
slavery should be prohibited. There wasa ready
disposition to recognize this compromise line,
when it was to be applied to a slaveholding terri-
tory.
Such, sir, is the history of the controversy
which grew up between the North and the South
in regard to slavery, from the establishment of the
Government up to the present moment. To-day
we find ourselves once more confronted, and the
relative attitude of the two sections is in perfect
harmony with their past history. The North is
still advancing with its aggressions, more imperi-
ous than it has ever been before; and the South,
now thoroughly aroused to a sense of danger as
well as of wrong, demands only au equitable par-
ticipation in our recent acquisition. In turning to
the history of our country, I look upon the course
of the southern States with the highest satisfac-
