the congressional globe.
Feb. 14,
AUo the petition of J- W. Seward and 53 others, who
are officers, teaqiiers, or pupils in the Seward beimnary,
Unchester* New York, tor the same object.
Also! life petition of Henry W. Bartlett and 48 others,
comb makers, in Holliston, Massachusetts, praymg for the
^AlsOjilie petition of Jacob Ide and 55 others, of Medway,
Massachusetts-, for the same object.
Abo, the petition of Jonah Babcoek and 18 others, in-
habitants of Milton, Massachusetts, for the same object.
AUo, the petition of E. Littcll and 55 others, inhabitants
of Brookline, Massachusetts, for the same object.
By Mr. ROBBINSt A memorial signed by Tbomqs J.
Perth, J. Londenslaser and 22 other merchants anA citizens
of Pennsylvania, asking for the construction of a harbor on
the eastern «ide of Reedy Island, in the river, Delaware. ,
Bv Mr. RtSLEY: The petition of A. F. Taylor and 62
other citizens or' Chautauque county, '.New York, praying
Congress to establish the rate of postage on prepaid letters at
two cents per half ounce. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition from Aaron Hmeh-
max>\ and 37 other citizens of Salem, Ohio, for land
limitation and freedom of the public lands.
Also, from Allen S. Way and 26 others, and from Samuel
Hcatou and 13 others, of Cold Spring, Ohio, on the same
SUBy>Tr. JACKSON: The petition of Augustus Van Bu-
ren, Charles C. Shepheid and ISO others, citizens of Yates
countv, New York.
Bv Mr. ROSE: The petition of Samuel How, Spencer
Hlldreth anil other citizens of Ontario county, New York,
praying for the repeal of the law granting a patent to Wil-
liam Woodworth for planingmachine.
Bvr Mr. BOWIE: The memorial ot Henderson, IJergus-
son & Gibson, for indemnity for French _
By Mr. WALDO: The petition ot W. R. Kibbee, E>q.
and 50 others, electors of the town of Somers, Connecticut,
for a uniform rate of postage.
Also the petition of W. Woodworth and 3oothois, elec-
tors of the town of Berlin, Connecticut, for a umlorm rate
of postage. „ „ ,T j
By Mr'. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of Henry Heud-
schny.of the adoption of certain propositions for the pro-
t-ction and regulation of mineral lands in California.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 14, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the first
question in order to be the motion to refer the
President's message, and the constitution of the
Slate of California, and other accompanying doc-
uments; to which
Mr FOOTE had moved an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have a word
or two to say with the permission of the Senate,
on a matter personal to myself, although it is not
of any very great importance. I now ask the
stenographer to take down what I say.
I especially requested the reporter to bring to
me the remarks which I made during the course
of Mr. Houston's speech on Friday. I never
saw them, however, until this morning; and I am
ceitaihly represented as saying what I did not in-
tend to say, and what I never did say in any
sense implying gratitude. The passage to which
I refer is this:
"Mi. Houston. I can assure the gentleman that 1 have
no wish to detract from South Carolina, and if he thinks I
intended anything personal to any gentleman who inhabit*
South Carolina, Twill correct him hy disclaiming it."
" Mr. Butler, (in his seat.) Thank you."
Mr. BUTLER continued. Here I am repre-
sented as profoundly thanking the gentleman for
what he said. Some remark may have escaped
me m my seat, and if the one attributed to me, it
was entirely ironical. I never said that I was
under any obligation to the Senator from Texas.
I say this much injustice to myself, and hereafter
if I choose to allude to his remarks, I shall do it
in perfect good humor, and more in the tone of
ridicule than in the spirit of anger.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I move to
lay the pending question upon the table for the
present.
Mr. BENTON. Sir, this is a measure of great
moment. It is desirable that we should proceed
to action upon it. I desire to know how long the
Senator from North Carolina desires it to he on
the table.
Mr. BADGER. Only for the present, until we
can have an opportunity to go through with our
ordinary morning* business.
The motioo to lay on the table was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
with statements of contracts authorized by that
Department; of payments for the discharge of
miscellaneous claims; and of expenditures from
the marine hospital fund for the relief of sick and
tUssbleii seamen; which was ordered to lie on the
table, ami the motion to print was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of R. Bissell, for self and the heirs of Na-
thaniel C. Bissell, asking indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. BADGER. I am intrusted with a Memo-
rial numerously signed by citizens of Wilmington,
North Carolina, praying Congress to make an'ap-
propriation for the purpose of repairing certain
works heretofore erected on Cape Fear river tor
the improvement of its navigation, which the me-
morialists represent are falling into decay, and un-
less they are repaired they will not only be useless,
but positively mischievous to the navigation. 1 hey
pray also for the erection of a sea-wall, for the pur-
pose of aiding in the improvement of the river.
May I be permitted to say to the committee who
will have charge of this memorial, that I hope they
will give it the consideration which belongs intrin-
sically to the subject itself, which is so deeply in-
teresting to the commercial prosperity of this rap-
idly rising town. If they pay any legard to that
principle of equality which my fi tend from Geor-
gia so strongly laid down the other (iay, it cannot
be that such an application from my State will not
receive prompt and cheerful acquiescence on the
part of the committee to which it may be referred.
I move'that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
THE AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. DAYTON. I am charged with the pre-
sentation of a memorial from certain representa-
tives of the Society of Friends in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland, asking
that the influence ot this Government may be ex-
erted for the suppression of the African slave
trade, and particularly that its influence may be
. > i . I. - C     ti-aalioo nil
irtiuv, miu 'j — ♦—    ^
exerted through the formation of treaties with all
foreign nations concerned in its traffic, and in giv
ing instructions to all our ministers at foieign
Courts that they may endeavor, as far as lies m
their power, to nievent the extension of this evil.
There are, Mr.'President, many facts connected
with this subject which are matteisof interest, and
which go to show that, so far from this trade
having been suppressed.it is greatly on the in-
crease. There are remarks which apply particu-
larly to the Spanish colonies, to Brazil, and to the
Portuguese colonies, and there are some facts on
this subject, which have been developed within the
last year or two, distressing and heart-sickening
in their character. Those treaty stipulations into
which we have entered seem thus far to have failed
in a great degree in bringing about the ends for
which they were designed; and they request such
further and other peaceable interference, if it be
within the power of this Government, as may be
instrumental in bringing this slave trade to an end.
These memorialists are here, and are the repi esenta-
tives of a large meeting of the Society of Friends
at Philadelphia—a body of citizens remarkable for
intelligence and great moral worth.
Without having any desire to agitate the ques-
tion of domestic slavery, this memorial only asks
for the interference of the Government so far as )t
may have power to interfere ill the suppression of
the African slave trade.
While I am on the floor, I would say that this
memorial has been delivered to me by a committee
representing this annual meeting, and while doing
so they were anxious in their inquiries as to the
presentation of a certain memorial which was
presented to this body on a recent occasion asking
for a dissolution of the Xjnion^ and which was un-
derstood as coming from (he Society of Friends,
or certain members of it. They desire me to dis^
claim, in the most distinct language, any partici-
pation in this matter, or any disposition on the
part of the Society of Friends to say anything of
that kind. They say that they know and appre-
ciate too well the benefits and privileges conferred
by and enjoyed under this Government, (especial-
ly in regard to that religious toleration which is
given alike to all denominations,) ever to desire
the dissolution of this Union; and they disclaim
on the part of that society any indulgence in such
feelings or ideas. They have also requested me
to state that if any such memorial as that referred
to has been presented here, and represented or un-
derstood to have come from any portion of their
society, it can only have come from individuals en-
tertaining peculiar notions, and notfrom the society
in its collective capacity. But this committee,"
representing as they do this large meeting of this
very numerous and influential class of citizens,
utterly repudiate all such ideas as those contained
in that memorial.
While 1 am on the floor, perhaps I may be per-
mitted to correct (what I am not in the habit of
doing) the report of a remark which was made by
me a few days ago while speaking upon the sub-
ject of the admission of these aqti-slavery peti-
tions. It will be recollected that one of these
memorials (coming from the South) was pre-
sented a few days ago, by the Senator from North
Carolina, and was received by the Senate. I
think that that memorial was within the rule or
past practice of the Senate, and the motion to re-
ceive should have been laid on the table. I had
voted on the motion of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] that the motion to receive
the petition which he presented should lie on the
table, in conformity with the uniform usage which
has prevailed in the Senate ever since I have had
the honor of a seat here, and for a,long time be-
fore; but I said, if our friends from the South in-
troduced these memorials and voted for their
reception, I must hereafter apply the same rule
or usage to them which was applied to us. All
must be admitted, or all rejected. 1 did not say
that 1 would stand on this floor and sustain the
usa^e and practice of the Senate, while southern
gentlemen, in reference to their own memorials,
repudiate it. On the contrary, I said direct y the
reverse. I said that the same rule which the
South had applied in receiving a southern memo-
rial should be applied, and I would apply it here-
after, to memorials from the South as well as the
North; that they, and not me, have first repu
dinted the past usage of the Senate.
1 now move that this petition be received, ana
that it be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
tor from New Jersey to what he refers when he
disclaims, on the part of the Society of Friends,
the petition which he said was presented here,
and represented as coming from the Society ot
Friends. To what does he refer ?
Mr. DAYTON. 1 referred to the petition pray-
ing for a dissolution of the Union.
Mr HALE. Presented by whom ?
Mr. DAYTON. By the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Sir, I presented no such petition.
No, sir, the petition that I presented said nothing
.ihn.it "Friends." The petition on the face of H
about "Friends." The petition on the face of it
said nothing about Fiiends. I said nothing at all
about Friends, sir. I said that the petition came
from citizens of Pennsylvania and Delaware. I
wa3 asked, either by the Senator from Alabama
or by the Senator from Virginia, to send the letter
in which the petition was enclosed to thrf table
that it might be read. It was sent to the table and
read, and appeared to be written in the language
usually made use of by Friends—"thee,' "'hou  '
and "thine"—a more grammatical way, by. the
by, of using the language than is commonly used
m the Senate. That is all I know about the peti-
tion. I said nothing by which it could be inferred
that it came from Friends.
Mr. DAYTON. 1 did not say that the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire said any thing
ab.iut its coming from Friends.
Mr. HALE. You said it purported to come
from Friends. . .
Mr. DAYTON. I did not say the petition said
so, but in connection with the petition a paper was
sent to the table in which the words " thee and
" thou" are used, and I think it states the fact
that these signatures were procured at the late
quarterly meeting of Friends, although I cannot
be certain as to the phraseology. However, it
went into the newspapeis that this was a petition
or memorial of Friends, and that is what hurt the
sensibility of the gentlemen who are on here rep-
resenting the large number of the Friends congre-
gated m Philadelphia.
Mr. KING. I have all along believed that
what is now stated by the honorable Senat
New Jersey is true, that the Society of Friends
would never lend themselves to such a measure as
is proposed by the petition presented by the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire. It was
denounced at the time it was presented by the
