THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 30, 1850.
New Series-.... No. 92.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Benton, and it was rejected, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Clarke, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dayton, Bodge of Wisconsin, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Phelps, Seward, .Smith, Upham, and
Walker—16. '
NAY'S—Me«rs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Be&-
rlen, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Clay, Cooper, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Poote,-Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Man-
gum, Mason, Moiton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rus-fc, Shields,
SoultS, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Undeiwood, Wales,
Whitcomb, and Yulee—38.
Mr. BENTON then moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto as follows:
(C Pronded, That the said commissioners, in agreeing upon
the true line between the teiritory of tins United States and
the State of Texas?, shall only agiee upon such line as shall
foe, in their opinion, the true and legitimate boundary of the
Stale of Texas."
Mr. MASON said that he had prepared an
amendment which was somewhat similar to, but
which he preferred to that of the Senator from
Missouri. The amendment was read, and was as
follows: Strike out all of the amendment of Mr.
Bradbury, after the word "Texas," where it first
oecuis, and insert, upon the western boundary
of the State of Texas, as it was when she was ad-
mitted as a State into the Union."
Mr. BENTON withdrew his amendment, and
Mr. MASON submitted his, as above.
Mr. M. then addressed the Senate it) support of
his amendment for some time, when he gave way
to
Mr, TURNEY, who moved that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and being taken, the motion was re-
jected by the following vote:
YEAS—IWessrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton,
Berrien, Butler, Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Cteene,
Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Se-
ward, Smith, Soul6, Turney, Upham, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—JMessrs. Badger, Bra<il>ury, Cass, Clay, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dodge ot Iowa, Douglas, Down*, Felch, Foote,
Houston, Jones, King, Mangum, Noiris,Pearce, Pratt, Rusk,
Shields, Spruance, Stutgeoii, Underwood, Wales, Walker,
and Whitcomb—26.
Mr. MASON then concluded his remarks in
support of his amendment.
Mr. DAYTON suggested that the amendment
would be more acceptable if it read the " western
and northern boundaries," &c.
Mr. MASON so modified his amendment.
The debate was further continued upon the title
of Texas and the effect of the amendment, by
Messrs. HAMLIN, BRADBURY, and RUSK.
Mr. YULEE moved that the Senate adjourn,
but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, who alluded to
the apparent intention of the majority to force a
vote upon the bill; and to the fact, that this being
a great measure of compromise and harmony, it
should not be pressed to a vote while two States
were but half represented on the floor. The vacan-
cies from those States would be filled in # few
days, and then a fair vote could be had.
Mr. FOOTE replied, and spoke of his being in-
formed that the two Senators who had gone into
the Cabinet, and who stood upon this bill opposed
to each other, had paired off.
Mr. CHASE said that he did not understand
the late Senator from Ohio as having paired off.
Mr. CLAY alluded to the fact that it would be
some time before the vacancies could be filled.
The vote of the Senator from Massachusetts had
been lost to the bill. Another friend of the bill
was absent; but they could not wait for him. If
the vote was delayed, others perhaps would be
absent.
Mr. YULEE renewed his motion to adjourn,
and the question being taken, it was decided in
the negative, as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton, Berrien,
Butler, Chase, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Mississippi, Dayton, Dodge of Wisco .sin, Greene, Hale,
Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Morton, JPhelps, Seward,
Smith, Soute, Turney, Upham, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bradbury, Bright,
Cass, Clay, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge ©f Iowa, Douglas,
92
Downs, FeJch, Foote, Houston, Jones, King:, Mangum,
Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Shields, Sturgeon, Underwood,
Wales, Walker, and Whiteonfb—27.
Mr. MASON modified his amendment so as
that the words to be inserted would read, lt to run
the western and northern boundaries of the State
of Texas."
And the question being taken, the amendment
was rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Birjiwell, Benton, Butlet,
Chase, Clarke. Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi. Dauon. Dodsr° of Wisconsin, Greene, Half, Hamlin,
Hunter, Mason, Miller, Morton, Sebastian, Seward, Smith,
SouI£, Turney, Upham, Walker, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrien, Biadbury,
Bright, Cass, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodffe of
Iowa, Douglas, Down*, Felcb, Foote, Hou«wn, Jones, King,
Mangum, Norris, Pearc<\ Pratt, Ru^k, Shields, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, and Whitcomb—29.
Mr. RUSK proposed to add to the amendment
that the said State of Texas is hereby declared
entitled to ail the rights she had in and to the ter-
ritory east of the Rio Grande, which she had, or
which she may have had, at any time, since the
ratification of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. BENTON spoke of this bill being a com-
promise, a measure of peace, a measure to restore
fraternal feelings throughout the country. It ap-
peared as if it was to be a forced measure—a
measure to force people to love and embrace one
another—a species of forced generosity.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, and the
motion was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Bunion, Berrien,
Butler, Cha^e, Clarke, Clemen*, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Mississippi, Davion, Dodge of Wisconsin, Greene,
Hale, Harnhn, Hunter, Mason, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Se-
bastian, Seward, Smith, SouM, Turney, Underwood, Up-
ham, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Clav,
Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge oflowa, Douglas, Downs, Felch,
Foole, Houston, Jones, King,Mangum, Norris, Pratt, Rusk,
Shields, Spruance, Sturgeon, Wales, Walker, and Whit-
comb—25.
And the Senate at five o1clock adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frida /, July 26,1850.
The Journal was read.
Mr. MILLSON said, from the reading of the
Journal it appeared that the petition of Mr. Baury,
of Boston, from which the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims W8S, on his motion, discharged,
was ordered to lie on the table. His motion was,
that the petition be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. He hoped the Journal
would be corrected accordingly.
The Journal, as amended, was approved.
EXPENDITURES IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked leave to offer a
resolution, which, he said, had been adopted by the
Senate, and to which he trusted no objection would
be made, as it would be found necessary for the
information of all the members of the House pre-
vious to action which they would be called upon
to take.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to communicate to this House the amount of money paid
in each year since 1790, out of the Treasury of the United
States, to be expended in the District of Columbia, designa-
ting the amount expended in the city of Washington from
the amount expended in other parts of*>aid District; desig-
nating, also, the amountsex| ended forpubiic building*, and
stating what building*; the amount for public grounds,, for
streets, roads, bridges, and canals; also the amount ex-
pended for books, maps, paintings, and statuary, respective-
ly; and the amounts for miscellaneous objects not herein
specified.
No objection being made,
The resolution was received; and, the question
being taken, was adopted.
COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. ANDERSON, by the unanimous consent
of the House, introduced a bill to change the time
of holding the District Court of the United States
for the eastern division of the State of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. A.asked that the bill beputupon its passage.
Mr. ANDERSON said: Mr. Speaker, { have
been seeking an opportunity for a considerable
time to introduce this measure, and should objec-
tion be now urged, I know not when an opportu-
nity will be likely to occur.
In addition to my own knowledge of the import-
ance of the change contemplated by this bill, in
the time of holding the District Courtof the United
States for the eastern district of Tennessee, I wilf
say to the House that 1 have received a number of
letters upon the subject, from gentlemen in my
district, who are more or less interested in this
matter. 1 will" merely state, that the change is
sought because the time now fixed by law for the
holding of this court at Knoxville, in East Ten-
nessee, is so near the time fixed for holding the
court at Jackson, in West Tennessee, that it is
impossible for the judge to attend at both places;
and as Jackson is more convenient to him than
Knoxville, he generally goes there from Nashville,
and thus East Tennessee is deprived entirely of
all the benefit that would accrue to her people
from having the United States court held regu-
larly at Knoxville, as the law contemplated. I
have fixed the time on the first Monday in May in
each year,, because I learn that the court is he'd at
Nashville on the first Monday in March, the time
suggested by most of those who have written me
on the subject as the most suitable time for hold-
ing the court at Knoxville.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved the re-
ference of the bill to the Judiciary Committee, and
said, he had no (Jesire to place himself in opposition
to the request of his colleague; but, having received
no instructions on the subject, and not being in-
formed that, while it accommodated the people of
lower EastTennessee, it would not discommode the
people of upper East Tennessee, he thought the
proper course would be to refer the bill to the Ju-
diciary Committee, by whom it would be prompt-
ly considered, and, if proper, speedily reported
back. In the mean time, the Hou3e would be
enabled to ascertain the facts, and be prepared to
act understanding^.
Mr. ANDERSON (resuming) said: I hope my
colleague will permit the bill to pass without the
reference which he suggests, as it is now very late in
the session. The business of the House is very far
behind hand, and it may not be in the power of
the House to act upon this bill at any future time.
It involves no principle except that of convenience
to the people of East Tennessee and the judge of
the district court; and if it should so turn out that
some other day will suit better than the one I
have fixed upon in the bill, that amendment or
change could be made in the Senate, without de-
laying the passage of the bill. I trust my col-
league will withdraw his motion to refer, and let
the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON insisted on his motion.
The question was taken, and the bill was re-
ferred.
Mr. CROWELL inquired what was the order
of business?
The SPEAKER replied, the consideration of
the report of the Committee on Agriculture, made
yesterday; and stated that the motion pending
was to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr, CROWELL. Would it^be competent for
me to move the previous question ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it would not,
because the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] was entitled to the floor.
HOMESTEADS.
The bill to encourage agriculture and for^ther
purposes, was then taken up.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (who was entitled
to the floor,) said: When arrested in the progress
of my remarks yesterday, I was about to say that
I approved of the main object of the bill reported
by the Committee on Agriculture, and which had
been advocated with so much zeal snd ability^by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.] I
was about to say that my judgment approved the
policy of supplying, by some appropriate means,
a home to ®very citizen.
