1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stor-
gebn.] Every Senator here believed, from the
remarks made when it was prfsentejJ,,that it Was
intended to be represented as a memorial from the
Society of Friends, till my friend from Pennsyl-
vania said it was, and must be a forgery, because
the Society of Friends, of whom he spoke in com-
plimentary terms, never would lend themselves to
such an act. . *
With regard to this memorial, I can only say
that I am disposed to go as far as any man to put
an end to this odious traffic in African slaves.
That, I understand, is the object of the memorial.
Mr. DAYTON. That is the whole extent.
Mr. KING. I thought that when we had declar-
ed the traffic piracy—-going further than had ever
been done before—and that those who were en-
gaged in it were pirates, and should be punished
as such, we had gone to the very limits to which
we could go as a Government in order to prevent
that traffic. But in addition, in order to enforce
the act declaring it to be piracy, we authorized our
Government, by a stipulation contained in a treaty
with a foreign nation, to put an end to this traffic,
and it has involved us in considerable difficulty.
I am sorry that our action to suppress the traffic
has not been independent, and that it was connect-
ed with that of any other Government; but so it
is, and what more can we do ? We have declared
it piracy, and we have authorized and required our
Government to employ a certain number of ships
and seamen on the coast of Africa during the
whole year, even in the most unhealthy seasons,
in order to put" down the traffic. Is there a man
who believes that one of these slaves is brought
to the United States' Not one. There has not
been more than one instance, since the period
when it was declared illegal to bring in African
slaves, that it was suspected that there was a vio-
lation of the law prohibiting the traffic, and that
arose, as I understand, on tne transfer of Florida.
Previous to the transfer of Florida, the Indian
agent of the Creek nation was suspected of being
inierested in having some slaves brought in.
What was the consequence? He was dismissed,
promptly dismissed by the Government, and a
prosecution was brought against those who were
instrumental in bringing in the slaves.
\!r. DAWSON. They were introduced into
Florida when the territory belonged to Spain, and
not after it belonged to the United States.
Mr. KING. 1 am aware of that. I stated that
about the time the transfer was to be made, the
slaves were brought in while the territory was
under the Spanish flag, but introduced into a por-
tion of our own country in consequence of the
connivance,'it is supposed, of the Indian agent.
Whether true or not, he was dismissed, and every
man engaged in the act was punished. Now, I
ask my honorable friend from New Jersey what
he proposes by sending this memorial to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations? Do we wish to
make any further treaty stipulations ? I regret that
we ever made any, and that we (lid not act on our
own sense of what is right and proper, and en-
deavor by our own power to put down this infa-
mous traffic. If it is necessary to increase the
force beyond what was contemplated by treaty
stipulations, it may be proper to send this to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. We have evi-
dence that this traffic is carried on through Brazil
bv Portuguese vessels and by vessels of the United
States I am sorry to understand from our late
minister, Mr. Wise, that there is a system carried
on, north of this place, of building ships that go
out to the coast of Africa, with a view to be trans-
ferred under the American flag, and, with two sets
of papers, ship off slaves. Can that be put down
by the Committee on Foreign Relations? Has
that committee anything to do with the building of
ships to be thus transferred > If this matter should
20 to any committee, I think it should go to the
Committee on Commerce, in order that some plan
mav be devised to prevent the building of these
ships and getting American registers However,
I hone the gentleman will content himself with
paying every possible attention to the wishes of
these benevolent men, the Friends or Quakers, for
whom 1 entertain a high respect. I have lived
among them, and 1 know them to be amiable, ex-
cellent, industrious, just, and honorable. They
have peculiar notions. Let them enjoy them.
1 think it is best to send this memorial to the
Secretary of State, in order, if anything more is
required on the part of the Government, to en-
force what they are bound to do by treaty stip-
ulations to punish piracy, that he may make some
communication which will enable us to act. I
think, however, that the Committee on Foreign
Relations has nothing to do with it.
Mr. DAYTON. I will not detain the Senate
more than a moment in replying to the honorable
Senator from Alabama. 1 hardly supposed we
should, upon the presentation of this memorial,
discuss the question whether the Committee on
Foreign Relations will feel disposed to do any-
thing further than has already been done. The
memorialists ask the interference of the Govern-
ment through the treaty-making power, and they
ask it in kind and respectful terms. The gentle-
man from Alabama says that we made one treaty
by which we have stipulated to keep a certain
number of guns afloat in connection with the
British Government for the suppression of the Af
rican slave trade.
Well, sir, that treaty was entered into with a
view, apiong oilier matters, of getting rid of
another troublesome question between the two
Governments, in regard to the right of search.
That was one of the inducements to the stipula-
tion entered into between the two Governments;
but then, surely we have a right to make treaties
with other Powers,.and to agree for other matters
besides the keeping of a naval force afloat. Great
Britain has made treaties with Spam and with
Powers wherever she has been able to effect treaty
stipulations, for the purpose of effecting the sup-
pression of this African slave trade. It is not
that the African slaves are brought into British
possessions. It is not that African" slaves are
brought into American possessions. It is not
upon that ground that the memorialists make their
request of the Senate; but tftey are influenced by
what is due, as they believe, to the general good
of mankind—they are influenced by a benevolence
coextensive with the limits of the world—they
wish to suppress this slave-trade in all countries
and in all climes; and if we have the power, and
can, by treaty stipulations with Brazil or with
Spain, or with any other Government where this
traffic is tolerated, affect its suppression, surely it
is not a matter unworthy of the attention, the be-
nevolence, and general kind feelings of this so-
ciety to move, as they have done, in the matter.
The committee can consider them, and act upon
them or not, as in their discretion they may think
proper; but 1 hope the leference I propose to the
Committee on Foreign Relations .will be adopted
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
this traffic is carried on in fraud of treaties, and it
is to enforce treaty stipulations that the United
States and Great Britain have agreed by treaty to
maintain a squadron on the coast of Africa. I
believe it is for no other purpose. When this
arrangement was entered into, it was supposed
it would be effectual for the purpose. It seems
now, however, lo be understood in England that
if it has not absolutely failed of the great object
intended, it has come very ne$tr to it. In a dis-
cussion in Parliament, some time since, it was
pronounced to be a waste of life and of money—I
do not mean by any vote or decision, but simply
that these comments were made upon it during the
discussion. The pi-ess of England, I have also
noticed, is pretty uniform in its opinion that the
measures have not been successful; that in fact the
slave trade, the illicit trade, the unlawful trade, the
trade in contravention of treaties, is now carried
on, and carried on extensively, between,peihaps
Cuba and the African coast, between Brazil and
the African coast, and very likely between some
other points. I never supposed that any of it
came here. It has been thought to be a great ob-
ject to put this trade down, to'suppress it entirely;
and this Government cannot give agreater earnest
of its seriousness than when it enters into a treaty
declaring the traffic piracy and punishable with
the penalties for that offence. Some years ago we
had this topic under discussion here, and by refer-
ence to the doings of Congress, it will be seen
that the powers of consuls in foreign ports were
somewhat enlarged, and enlarged partly with a
view to this very object; for it was declared by our
consul in Havana that he had seen a vessel fitted
out especially for this traffic, and that he had nei-
ther power nor authority to interfere. That ves-
sel was possessed of a register which issued under
the laws of the United States. It was found upon
• investigation that the trade* was carried on it) this
way. The vessel to which I refer was built 'in
Baltimore—a place somewhat distinguished for
■the construction of vessels of this description; :she
was built there—whether with an understanding
of the purpose to which she was afterwards to fcre
applied I cannot say—but she was'built there, Slid
when finished, was called  n American vessel, and
an American, register was given to her. When
she cleared, she cleared for Cuba. "When she ar-
rived there, there was a sale of the vessel to a
^Spanish house in Cuba, with this condition'an-
nexed in the sale, that she should be delivered on
the coast of Africa. Now, sir, by the laws of this
country, that sale being made, the register is cut
into two parts, one to be delivered to the United
-States, and the other the purchaser of the vessel;
and under that half of the register this vessel went
to Africa. Thus, then, with this protection from
the United States, no cruiser could touch this ves-
sel, and she escaped to the coast of Africa in tl.is
way. When she arrived there, and the bargain
was consummated—she having taken out a Span-
ish commander, but going under her old command-
er till her arrival on the African const—she was
transferred to the Spanish commander, and she had
then to trust to her heels to get home, for she
could no longer use our flag.
Now it is this difficulty which we are trying to
remedy; and, although I do not see how it is tov
be done, I do not despair, if the subject is prop-
erly looked to, and this matter of.the register is
altered. With such an alteration, though the
slave trade may not be entirely suppressed, I
think it may be greatly diminished. I would
not, therefore, dismiss this matter from the con-
sideration of this body as a hopeless ihirtg. I
hope it will go to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, of which the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama is chairman. I do not think much can be
done by treaty stipulations, but something surely
might be done to protect us from the false use of
our flag. That is what we want, and I think it
can be done. And when it is done, although I
do not,think it will entirely put a stop t> the
; trade, it will certainly do something towards it.
It will take away one of its principal securities;
; and in taking that away, it will throw new em-
1 barrassments in the way of its progress. I hope,
| therefore, that this matter may be referred to the
! Committee on foreign relation-*; and that, in con-
| sirlering it, they will bear in mind the suggestions
| I have made.
j Mr. KING. The very argument of the honor-
! able Senator from Massachusetts shows the im-
propriety of sending this memorial to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. Will the honorable
Senator reflect for a moment and inquire what the
Committee on Foreign Relations has to do with
the registering our vessels ? If it related to treaty
stipulations, as the honorable Senator from New
Jersey supposed, it would be right and suitable
to send it to that committee; and if anything could
be done by that committee, with a view to pot
down this infamous ti'affic, 1 should be willing to
have it sent to them. There is nothing that the
Senate can do, unless it be to express an opinion
that Government should negotiate treaties. If it
is right and proper that additional treaties should
be made, it is the duty of the Government to make
such stipulations with other powers as will enable
this Government to carry out in good faith the
conditions of treaties which have been entered
into, or enforce the provisions by additional
means. But certainly it is not necessary that the
Committee on Foreign Relations should take it
up. „ ...
Sir, I know there are great difficulties with re-
gard to those very treaties with Great Britain.
When in London, I had a conversation with Lord
Palmerston on the subject, and he showed that it
had been a failure, and that it could not possibly
succeed, unless some change should be made; but
what that change could be he did not clearly see.
He spoke of the loss of life. Hespoke also of the in-
ability of vessels stationed on the coast to prevent
the traffic, as carried on in the manner described
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I only wish
to state that I noticed in the newspapers a few
days ago the arrival of a vessel sent m by the Eng-
lish squadron.
Mr. KING. I am well aware of it; but I would
ask again what the Committee on Foreign Rela-
