1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Ours is essentially an agricultural community.
The national prosperity of this country, more than
any other, depends upon the production of its soil.
Whatever tends to increase that production, en-
hances the national wealth, and, b^ consequence,
increases the national prosperity. The first care of
this nation should be to promote the happiness
and prosperity of its citizens; and acting on this
hypothesis, it has been my constant aim to pro-
mote the passage of all laws which tended to ame-
liorate the condition of the toiling millions.
I have always thought, and now think, that
some salutary reform in our land system, by which
a fixed and permanent home should be placed
within the reach of every citizen, however humble
his condition in life, would promote the national
prosperity, add to the wealth of the States, and
give fresh impetus to the industry and perse-
verance of our people.
I repeat* sir, that I am for giving to every man
in the United States a home—a spot of earth—a
place on the surface of God's broad earth which
shall be his against the demands of all the world—
a place where, in the full enjoyment of all his
senses, and the full exercise of ail his faculties, he
may look upon the world, and with the proud con-
sciousness of an American citizen, say, this is my
home, the castle of my defence; here 1 am free
from the world's cold frowns, and exempt from
the Shylock demands of inexorable creditors.
These, sir, are my sentiments, long entertained,
and now honestly expressed; nor am I to be de-
terred from their advocacy by any general out-
cry. Call these sentiments Socialism, Fourierism,
Freesoilism—call them what you please—say this
is the doctrine of " vote yourself a farm"—say it
is anti-rentism—say what you please,—it is the
true doctrine; it embraces great principles, which,
if successfully carried out, will lead us on to higher
renown as a nation, add to the wealth of the sep-
arate States, and do more for the substantial hap-
piness of the great mass of our people than all your
other legislation combined.
Congress has been in session nearly eight
months, and what have you done?—what have you
been trying to do? More than six months of that
time has been expended in attacking and defend-
ing the institution of slavery,—the North depre-
ciating and trying to destroy the sixteen hundred
millions of dollars invested in this species of prop-
erty; and the South, forgetting for a season her
party differences, banding together for the defence
of this vast interest. Sometimes the monotony of
this tedious drama has been relieved by a glance
at other matters,—a member has appeared to ad-
vocate the manufacturing interests, or possibly to
put on foot some grand scheme of internal im-
provement. But, whatever has been said in all-
our discussions, or by whomsoever it has been
said, the upper ten" have been constantly in
view. No one has thought it worth his while to
take account of the wants of the millions who toil
for bread. The merchants and the manufacturers,
the mariners and the speculators, the professions
and the men of fortune everywhere, have their
advocates on this floor. I speak to-day for the
honest, hard-fisted, warm-hearted toiling millions
—I speak here, in the councils of this nation, as i
speak in the midst of my constituents; and whilst
I do not object to the consideration which you *>ive
to other interests and other pursuits, I stand up
here to demand even-handed justice for the honest
but humble cultivator of the soil.
I cannot forget my allegiance—I know the men
"whosedevotion sustains this Government—I know
the men whose friendship sustains me against the
attacks of slander and the malignity of the inter-
ested few. For them I speak, and by no senseless
cry of demagogism, will I be turned from my
purpose of vindicating their rights on this floor.
Talk, sir, of your lordly manufacturers, your
princely merchants, your professional gentry, and
your smooth-tongued politicians. The patriotism
of one s'mple-hearted, honest old farmer would
outweigh them all; and, for private friendship, I
had rather have the hearty good will of one of
those plain old men than the hypocritical smiles
of as many of your smooth-tongued, oily fellows
as would fill this Capitol from its dome to its base.
It is my fortune to represent a constituency in
•which is mingled wealth and poverty;—whilst some
are wealthy, and many possess more than a com-
petency, there are many others on whom poverty
has fixed his iron grasp. Ail, I hope, are patriotic.
But, sir, if I were going to hunt for patriots who
could be tristed in every emergency; patriots
whtf would pour out their blood like water, and
who would think it no privation to lay down their
lives in defence of their country, 1 would go among
the poor, the squatters, the preemptors, the hardy
sons of toil. Though I should expect to find pa-
triots everywhere, I know 1 should find them here.
Sir, in the great matter of legislation shall men
like these be neglected? I invoke gentlemen to
forget for a moment the loom and the furnace, the
storehouse, and the ships on the high seas, and go
with me to the houses of these people; listen to
the story of their wrongs, and let us together do
them justice.
Men in affluent circumstances know but little
of the wants of othe&men, and, unfortunately, care
less for the miseries of the poor. Rocked in the cra-
dle of fortune from infancy to manhood, they do
not understand why it is that some men toil with
poverty all their lives, and die at last in penury.
Let gentlemen picture to themselves a man reared
in humble life, without education, and with no
fortune but his hands; see him going into the wild
woods with a wife and a family of small children,
there, by his unaided exertions, to rear his hum-
ble dwelling, to clear the forest and make way for
his planting. See him after the toils of the day
are over, returning to that humble dwelling to re-
ceive the smiles o£ his wife and hear the merry
prattle of his little children. Watch him as he
moves steadily and firmly on from day to day;
fancy to yourself his heart buoyant with hope as
he marks the progress of his growing crop, and
pictures to himself the happine&s of his wife and
little children when he shall have gathered the re- (
ward of his summer's toil, sold it, and with the
proceeds secured this his humble home.
Look, sir, at this scene; gaze on that sun-burnt
patriot, for he is worthy of your admiration. Now
go with me one step further, and behold the
destruction of all these fairy visions, blighting
seasons, low prices, disease, a bad trade, or some
unforeseen disaster has overtaken him. His year
of honest industry is gone—the time has come
when Government demands her pay for this poor
man's home. He is without money—Govern-
ment, with a hard heart and inexorable will, turns
coldly away, and the next week or the next month
she sells her land, and this man's labor, his hum-
ble house and little fields, are gone. The specu-
lator comes, and with an iron will, turns him and
his family out of doors; and all this is the act of
his own government—of a Government which has
untold millions of acres of, land. Now, Mr.
Speaker, let me ask you, can this man love a gov-
ernment that treats him thus ? Never, sir, never.
To do so, he should be more than man, and
scarcely less than God. Treatment like this would
have put out the fire of patriotism in Washington's
breast, and almost justified the treachery of Arnold.
Instead of treating her citizens thus, I would
have this Government interpose its strong arm to
protect them from the iron grasp of the heartless
speculator. By doing so, you encourage industry,
promote happiness, develop the resources of the
soil, make better men and purer patriots. In a
word, you perform a vast amount of good with-
out the possibility of doing harm.
Not having seen the bill reported by the com-
mittee under circumstances which afforded an op-
portunity for a critical examination, I am not
prepared to say that its details meet my approba-
tion.
1 am disinclined to give to the settler an abso-
lute title to lands. I am so, sir, because I would
secure him in the possession of his home against
his misfortunes, and even against his own improvi-
dence. if he is an honest and industrious man,
he should have a home u here that honest heart
could repose in peace, and where the hand of in-
dustry could find employment. If he be dishonest,
give him a home where, in the bosom of his family,
he may hide his shame, and where they may find
shelter from the frowns of a cruel world. If he is
idle and worthless, give him a home where his
wife and chiidien may toil,and, by their example,
bring him back to habits of honest industry, in
any and in every event, give him a home, and se-
cure him in the possession of that home, agaiust
all the contingencies of life and vicissitudes of
fortune. When you have done this, rest satisfied
that you have at least made a better man, and
done something towards the general prosperity.
My own scheme has been reduced to the form
of a bill, and before I take my seat I beg leave to
send it to the Clerk's desk, that it may be read-
premising that 1 am wedded to no special plan.
The object is a good one; it meets my cordial
approbation, and 1 shall most heartily unite in
any scheme which gives reasonable promise of
success.
I offer the paper which I hold in my hand as a
substitute for the original proposition, and ask
that it may be included in the motion to print.
Mr. B.'s proposition was read.
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert as follows:
Thai the laws now in force, granting preemption to ac-
tual settleis on the public lands, shall continue until other-
wise oidered by Congress, and that the same be extended
to all the TeiritoriPs. of the United States.
Sec. 2 JinA be it jutther enacted, That from qnd after the
passage of tins act, the rights of preemptors shall be per-
petuated: that is to say, persons acquuing the right of pre-
emption shall retain the same without disturbance, and
without payment of arty kind to the United States, but on
these condmons: First, The pre Emptor >-haM not pell,
alienate, or dispose ot his or her right for a consideration,
and if he or she voluntarily abandons one pr< enipuoii and
claim* another, no right shall he acquired b) such claim,
until the claimant shall firs* have testified, under oath, be-
fore the register of the land office when the claim is pre-
ferieil, that he or she has voluntarily abandoned Ins or her
original preemption, and that no consideration, reward or
pa>ment of any kind has been received, or is expected, di-
rectly or indirectly, as an inducement for*>ueh abandon-
ment ; and any person who shall testify falsely m such case,
shall be deemed guilty of perjury. Second: Any person
claiming and holding the right o! preemption to lands under
this act, may be required by the Suite within which the
same hes, to pay taxes thereon in the same manner, and to
the same extent, as if he or she owned the said land m fee
simple; and in case such lands are sold for taxes, the pur-
chaser shall acquire the riuhtof preemption only. Third:
Absence ot th< preemptor arid his family for six consecutive
months, shall be deemed an abandonment, and the land
shall, in such case, revert to the United Stales, and be sub-
ject to the same disposition as other public lands.
^ec. 3 Jlnd be U Jurther enacted, That lauds preempted,
and the improvement-* thereon, shall not he ■jul'jpet to exe-
cution sale, or other tale for dfrbt; and all contracts made
m reference thereto, intended m anywise to alienate the
rmht, or to embarrass or disturb the preemptor in his or her
occupancy,shall he absolutely null and void.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That the pregmplor
may, at any time, at his oi her di.-cretinn, enter the lands
preempted, by paying therefor to the proper officer of ihe
United Slates one dollar and twenty-five cents per aeie.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That m case ot the pre-
emptor's death, if a married man, Ins right ishdll survive to
his widow and infant children, but fhe rights of the older
children shall cease as they respectively come*ot age, or
when they reach the age of twenty-one years; in all cases
the right of preemption shall remain in the youngest child.
And in ease ot the death of both father and mother, leaving
an infant child or children, the executor, administrator, or
guardian, may at any tune within twelve months alter such
death, enter said preempted lands in thp name ot said infant
child or children, or the said preemption, together with the
improvements on the lands, may be deemed property, and
as such, sold for the benefit of *aid infants, but for no other
purpose, and the purcha>er may acquire the right ot the
deceased preemptoi by such purchase.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said, that the
subject embraced in this bill was one which was
entitled to the respectful consideration of the
House, but he did not think that the House was
now ready to consider it. He believed the pend-
ing motion was to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STANTON. To get the subject out of the
way, in order that the call of the committees for
reports may be 'proceeded with, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES# (to the Speaker.) Is not the pend-
ing motion to refer, and to print?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
The demand tor the previous question was sec-
onded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. HUBBARD desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether it would now be in order to
move that the bill be made the special order for a
certain day.
The SPEAKER said, the motion was not now
in order. * ,
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative without a division.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on.the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
And, by general consent, the substitute amend-
ment, which Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, hadgiven
notice of his intention to offer, was also ordered to
be printed.
.Mr. MORSE moved a reconsideration of the
