1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
Mr. FOWLER moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. MORSE expressed the hope that the gen-
tleman would withdraw the motion, to allow him
to say a few words.
Mr. FOWLER, after a remark not distinctly
heard, relative to the number of speeches they had
already heard, declined to withdraw.
The question was talten, and
The CHAIRMAN announced that the question
was decided in the negative by the sound.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
yeas and nays.
Various requests to withdraw the motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am requested to withdraw
the demand for the yeas and nays, on behalf of
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse.] The
merit of his cause, I believe, is his ample defence.
That is the reason why I adhere to my demand.
The question was taken upon the demand for
the yeas and nays, and they were refused.
Mr. WHITE moved that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
The question recurring on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider, was taken, and
decided in the negative.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
motion to reconsider—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, (among various
competitors—Mr. Morse and others,) obtained
the floor.
Mr. MORSE. Have I the floor?
The SPEAKER stated, that the gentleman from
Louisiana having once spoken, the Chair could
not again recognize him while other members de-
sired to speak.
Mr. BAYLY renewed the motion to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was not pressed at this time.
After some conversatiqp between Mr. Morse
and the Speaker—
Mr. EVANS yielded the floor at request to Mr.
Morse, for explanation.
Mr. MORSE said, he had been assailed,in what
certainly seemed to be a very vindictive spirit, by
the gentleman from Mississippi, on account of his
opposition to this measure. The gentleman had
charged him with demagogism. A great master
of the human mind had said, that the thief thinks
each bush an officer, and by way of illustration,
they were told of a man who, when walking
through the woods, was struck by the limb of a
tree, and having been accustomed to be arrested
for debt, his only idea was that he was again ar-
rested by an officer, and turning round he quietly
demanded, at whose suit.
He had had occasion to address the people of
his district in relation to measures such as the one
now proposed, and he had fairly and frankly de-
clared to them, that he considered them to be dishon-
est. He regarded such a course of proceeding as
neither more nor,less than plundering the Govern-
ment. There was an impediment in the naviga-
tion of a river in his own State, which interrupted
the whole commerce of the country, and although
it came within Mr. Calhoun's idea of a work that
belonged to the General Government, as the river
ran through three States, yet he had invariably
opposed the appropriation of the funds of this
Government for its removal. He believed it to be
a work which belonged to the States, and that this
Government had nothing to do with it.
But the distinguished and able advocates of the
system of internal improvement, had supposed
that he was going to do something anti-republican,
something unconstitutional, because he had ven-
tured to throw out a few suggestions of this kind.
Now, the gentleman from Mississippi (continued
Mr. M.) thinks he has discovered a "mare's nest,"
and that he will gain great favor and popularity in
Mississippi by announcing his discovery. Sir,
said he, did not the gentleman from Louisiana
vote for giving some five millions of acres of
swamp lands to the State of Louisiana? Well,
sir, 1 did so, but that is no more applicable to the
case in point, than the most remote thing can pos-
sibly be. Sir, there are some millions of acres of
public lands in Louisiana that are overflowed
annually, and that are not worth a single cent to
this Government. Louisiana has reclaimed more
than three millions of dollars worth of these lands,
which were not previously worth a cent an acre.
She was obliged, for her own interests, to redeem
those lauds. We merely asked that we should
be permitted to have a portion of the lands that
we had thus rendered valuable. But Louisiana
has been unable to obtain them, although she ap-
pealed to the justice of this Government for the
payment of what might be regarded as a debt.
We are going on still reclaiming these lands, and
thereby adding millions of dollars to the wealth of
the General Government.
Sir, strict constructionists have voted to give
away public lands by alternate sections, because
such disposition of the alternate sections enhanced
the value of the remaining sections, and because
for every dollar and a quarter that would be kept
out of the Treasury thereby, two dollars and a
half would come in, as was the case with these
lands in Louisiana. In^all these cases there is
some show of reason, some justification. But, sir,
the proposition of the gentleman does not offer an
earthly equivalent to the people of the United
States; it does not offer a shadow of inducement,
except, forsooth, to secure the affections of those
to whom the lands are to be given. So, then, for
the affection and love for tfie dear people, you
'ake this land, that is pledged to pay those who
have loaned you money to carry on the war
against Mexico, without the least idea of bene-
fiting the country thereby, but only to make
votes for yourselves.
The gentleman says that my denunciation of
this thing is going to kill me politically; that I
shall never disgrace, I suppose he would call it,
or trouble this House again with my presence as
a member, it these remarks of mine should ever
reach the banks of the Sabine. I am perfectly
willing, sir, that what I say here shall go to my
constituents; and I hope that the reporters will
take down what I say. I hold the same lan-
guage in Louisiana that 1 do on this floor; and it
is for that reason that I will not lend myself to
the support of this iniquitous bill.
But I do not want to be misrepresented before
the people of Louisiana. I know that there are j
gentlemen who, though they may appear very '
anxious to stand up for the rights of the people
here, and use the expression, " the dear people,
the good people, their kind and gentle friends,"
are as far as they can possibly be from having the
good of the people at heart. They are but making
hollow professions of attachment to the interesis
of the people. The gentleman from Tennessee,
when arguing this bill, declared that, according
to his notion, it would be the greatest panacea
on the face of the earth; that it would heal all
the wounds of the country; cause the Government
to be administered with economy, and do an amount
of good hardly credible.
Are the "dear people" so much better, so in- >'
finitely purer, and more honest thai^jnembers on |]
this floor? Is it possible that the corrupting in- j
fluenees of this House are such, that though we j
may be honest people at home, we become so
corrupt that we are no longer fit to sit in this
House ?
Sir, there is no position in this country that I
prize so highly as that of Representative of the
people, because it is an independent one. And if
there is anything that I despise more than another,
it is talking for Buncombe; making flattering
speeches for the ear of the people; cajoling them,
and making professions of great regard for them,
and an exhibition of great liberality towards them,
by making them free donations of the public
lands.
But when the gentleman alludes to the women
of this country, he approaches a subject upon
which I will not yield to him. Sir, the State of
Louisiana has done more than any other Slate has
done towards elevating the character of females;
and it is the highest evidence of civilization. The
degree of civilization and refinement of any people
may be judged of by the estimation in which the
female sex is held. In primitive times, females
were treated almost as brutes; they were treated as
property; as the servants of the men; and so they
are in some countries even at this day. Sir, the law
of Louisiana, in relation to the marriage contract,
leaving out religious feeling, makes it a civil con-
tract, in which the parties are equal, and every
dollar that is earned by the industry and intelli-
gence of the man, and saved by the domestic vir-
tues and economy of the woman, belongs equally
to both. Sir, a people who have such a monu-
ment of their fame as that, need no eulogy from
me. And I lepudiate all such ideas as the sugges-
tions or insinuations of the gentleman imply, by
patting language in my mouth which I never in-
tended to hold in relation to the people. WKeji t
used the expressions, vagabond and villain, I meant
persons too idle and too lazy to work, f alluded,
I say, to a class of people—I care not where they
may be found—to whom such terms are applica-
ble. Sir, no man has a right to ask this Govern-
ment to give him property any more than he has
to ask that the Government shall give him his
daily bread. And I cannot for my life perceive
the difference between the system of"taking these
lands and giving them away to A B and C, and
taking the proceeds of the same lands out of the
Treasury and giving them away in the same man-
ner.
Mr. M. having concluded—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, resumed the floor.
Mr. BAYLY again made the motion to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table. M
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, si^gested to
the gentleman the propriety of letting the subject
be disposed of, and not go over to consume their
time another day.
Mr. BAYLY acquiesced in the suggestion, and
withdrew the motion.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed it.
And the question being on the motion to pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table—
Mr. DUER inquired what was the other motion
pending? Was it the motion to lay on the tatfe?
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion to lay
on the table had been rejected. The othfer ques-
tion was now upon agreeing to the motion to re-
consider.
The motion to proceed to business on the Speak-
er's table was put and agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the bill
from the Senate, entitled " An act to grant to
the State of Wisconsin a donation of public land,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from the
city of Milwaukee to the Mississippi river," which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion by Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriation for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
Mr. BURT had yesterday moved the following-
amendment:
Sec. Q. .Snrf be it further enacted, That whenever ilia,
lineal rank of the Superintendent o( ihe Military Academy
slull lie under the of lieutenant Culonel, he -shall he
entitled to the pav .-mil emoluments now allowed by law to
tin! Professor oi Natural and Experimental Philosophy.
The CHAIRMAN had ruled the amendment
out of order.
Mr. BURT had appealed from the decision—
And the question was, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee ?"
The question was taken, and
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. BURT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Jones and
Corwin were appointed.
Mr. CROWELL requested the Chairman to
state the question.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question on the
appeal.
The tellers took the question, and after consider-
able difficulty in obtaining a quorum, reported
ayes 79, noes 41.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Bfrt was ruled' out of
order.
Mr. BURT said he did not intend to consume
the time of the committee by moving other amend-
ments. He understood the committee to have
decided against them; he only asked that they
would adhere to their decision.
Mr. BAYLY said, he would move an amend-
ment to conform the amount of the appropriation
to theamendments which had already been adopted;
The proposed amendment was read, increasing
the aggregate of the appropriation for the pay of
the officers, instructors, cadets, musicians, dec.
Mr. BURT raised the question of order; that
under the previous decision of the Chair, the
amendment was not in order.
