1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
drag California into the Union before her wedding
garment has yet been cast about her person, anil
ere she has been regularly bidden to the nuptial.
I leave others to answer for themselves. But, ma-j
king all allowance for the intrinsic weakness or
humanity; regarding it as quite natural forone who
has been for some time past among us in this
chamber quite " solitary and alone," to desire to
secure at least one confidential ally—one Fidelis
Jichales; yet I feel bound to say that in my judg-,,
merit tiie Senator from one of the slave States of:
this Confederacy, who, under all the awful circum-
stances which surround us, could be induced by
self-love—ambition for family distinction—or any
other motive of a mere personal character—to dis-
regard the interests of his constituents; to expose
them to dangers even more multiplied than those
of which they have already become cognizant; to
subject them to the hazard of ultimate dishonor
and ruin—the Senator who does this, shows that
he who is capable of doing this, deserves censures
which a regard for decorum alone restrains me
"from uttering, but which an intelligent and spirited
constituency will assuredly and speedily inflict.
Sir, let me speak out still more explicitly. To the
honorable Senator from Missouri 1 might well say,
asNathansaid unto David, Thou art the man. Yes,
sir, I might deal a little more freely with that gen-
tleman and say, "Sir: you, who would not aid in
acquiring California by voting for the 'treaty with
Mexico—yon, who refused last winter to unite with
those who struggled night and day to supply our
suffering brethren in California with the protection
of a government and laws—voiing even against
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, the adoption of which would have
been so beneficial to the people of California and
New Mexico, and have even saved the Union it- |
self from the hazards of the present critical hour;
ijou, who instigated a foreign Government to call in
question the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo after its
ratification, and endeavored'to defeat its provisions
by insidiously setting up the protocol in" opposition
to it; you, sir, least of all men, have a right to
seize'the control of Californian concerns into your
hands." Such an address might be easily made
to the gentleman to whom I have been all along
alluding, and he would find it impossible to an-
swer it. Yes, sir, impossible, because truth is
powerful and will prevail; and I might add, with a
significance which few would be dull enough not
to perceive, and the application of which few or
none would fail to notice—because Public justice is
certain, and the time of vengeance has already ar-
r'VAnd now, Mr. President, before I conclude, I
wish to put myself rectus in curios in regard to the
admission of California. However informal may
have been the proceedings in that distant region
which have resulted in the production of the
present embarrassing stale of things, I do not in
the least degree censure the people of California
for anything. They have done, I doubt not,
precisely what we should have done under similar
circumstances. Still less am I opposed to the
admission of California into the Union, provided
the act of admission can be accompanied by other
measures indispensable to the future safety and
repose of the South. If these measures can be
obtained, for one, I should be willing to go very
far, indeed, in giving validity to that which is now
invalid, and imparting substance and vitality to
that shadow of government which is at present
devoid of all true life and vigor. If we can se-
cure the adoption of a compromise scheme
of
adjustment, such as I have referred to, and thus
sa'Je the Union from destruction, I am willing to
incur as much responsibility, and make. u great a
personal sacrifice, as any member of this body to
attain this great object For California, 01
Deonle I can harbor no feelings of unkindness or
of jealousy! In the acquisition of this Territory
by treaty, I struggled night and day with aperse-
verance which, no man could surpass. This la r
«™on is overspread with my friends and acquaint-
p of whom are indeed most dear to
It was the individual who is now ad-
Mr. President, who, first in this
than two vears a^o, before the
chamoer, than two ^ ^
ances, many
my heart.
diessing you,
chamber, more than two years ago
PX about °ufged^he'ad'mission°of California
as a's Jeto Confederacy. I afterwards |
struggled long and anxiously to supply her with a
Temtorial Government. There   everything m ■
the aspect of political affairs in California to
awaken in the bosom of an ultra Democrat like
me, sentiments of peculiar sympathy for that
high-spirited and intelligent people; fori learn that
there is no partof the whole Republic so thorough-
ly democratic as is California. So far as the Sen-
atorial representatives from California are con-
cerned, I have none but kind feelings for both of
them. One of them is chiefly known to me by
fame; the other has been my kind, devoted, and
steadfast friend for more than twenty years. With
the permission of the Senate, I will go further, and
say that Dr. Wm. M. Gwin and myself were for
some years residents of the same town in the Far
West. He was my family physician, and was
once efficiently instrumental in .saving my life,
when others despaired of my escape from the
grave. We belonged for many years to the same
political party, and cordially cooperated with each
other m support of our common principles. I
have incurred personal hazards on his account, of
which 1 know him to be more than mindful; and
I have received kintftesses in return for which I
shall be ever grateful. 1 stood by his favorite
brother not many years ago upon the field of
honor, and saw him bravely receive that wound
which-ultimately consigned him to the tomb. 1
know Dr. Gwiti's abilities, his virtues, and his
friendship for myself. If I could make up my
mind to sacrifice principle in order to gratify the
wishes of any human being, in such a case as the
present, I should feel that he might call upon me
for sucti a sacrifice. If I could reconcile it to my
sense of duty to a generous constituency to disre
gard their claims upon me at this trying moment
in our history, the considerations which 1 have
named would, in the estimation of some persons,
furnish me with a plausible excuse. But, sir, 1
feel that my first and highest duty is to see that
nothing is done here which may onng detriment
upon the sovereign State of Mississippi) or which
might serve to multiply the dangers which at
present environ our southern people. Whatever
committee the motion under consideration may be
referred to, I must hope that it will not be hastily
acted upon, nor-without due regard to all the im-
portant interests inseparably intertwined with it.
1 may be in error, but I cannot help confidently
believin" that if a committee of fifteen, such as 1
have asked for, could be raised, they would m a
very few days indeed be able to mature a scheme
of compromise which would prove satisfactory to
the whole country. Sure I am ihat I know gen-
tlemen on both sides of the chamber, and of both
the great political parties, who could be safely
trusted with the whole subject of slavery, in all its
aspecis arid bearings; who would be able to devise
a scheme of adjustment which would relieve us
from all future trouble such as we are now en-
countering, and rescue this union of thirty States
from the most serious dangers it has ever yet en-
countered. So thinking and believing, 1 hope
that sue", a committee as I have mentioned may
be accorded. . •.
Mr. CLAY. I suppose, sir, there is nothing
very novel in the idea that I am in favor of the
admission of California as a State into this Union.
And allow me to say to the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that, if I were disposed to retaliaie
at all upon him in reference to thesupposed change
of opinion, it would be quite easy for me to tell
him, that, according to his own confession to-day,
he was m favor ot the admission of California a
year ago, when she had no constitution; but he is
opposed to her admission now, when she has
come here with a constitution in her hands, pre-
cisely in the manner in which Florida, Arkansas,
I believe, and Michigan did.
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator under- ,
stood me as saying that I am opposed to the ad-
mission of California, he is mistaken. On the
contrary, I am in favor of the admission of all that
part of California lying above the line of 3b° 30'
as a State. But I want all the questions settled
together. 1 said that I was in favor of her ad-
mission as a'State before certain influences had
operated there which have thiown her into her
present unfortunate position.
Mr. CLAY. With regard to this alleged influ-
ence, I shall take up no time of the Senate during
the discussion of this subject. 1 intend to divest
much as I possibly can of all party feel-
oyself s
iVIr. TURNEY. I understand the honorable
ing
Senator from Kentucky to say that California has
presented herself now precisely a? Florida, did.
I would inquire1 whether Florida had nof a territo-
rial government? and whether there was,hot a law
of Congress authorizing the people' of Florida, to^
form a constitution, in order to their admission
into the Union as a State?
Mr. CLAY. I think, not; there was no law
whatever. She had a territorial government; and
so had California a local government—not given
to her by the Government of the United States,
but depending upon the law's of Mexico, prior to
the cession of that territory to this country. But,
in the case of Florida, and of Michigan, and I
think of Arkansas—I believe in reference to two,
if not all three of these States—they came into the .
Union without any previous act of Congress au-
thorizing the call of a convention for the formation
of a constitution, and the decision of the Territory
whether it should come in as a member of the
Union or not. However, it is not a matter of
much importance. 1 do not know that I should
have risen at all had not the worthy Senator from
Mississippi made a sort of omnibus speech, in
which he introduced all sorts of things and every
kind of passenger, and myself among the number.
[Laughter.] And 1 have risen rather to vindicate
myself from the charge of inconsistency,, which
he has attributed to me, than for any other pur-'
pose; and if I do not' do it to his satisfaction, I
shall be much more surprised than he was at my
advocacy of the admission of California.
But first, 1 declare to you, Mr. President, that I
did not even know the names of the members of
that committee, except that of the chairman. I
do not know the opinions of any one member of
that committee. 1 have, indeed, heard it intimated
that the chairman of that committee holds an
opinion somewhat different from my own. But
this is not a matter into which I have inquired, or
to which I attach any importance.
But, sir, I am charged with inconsistency, and
inconsistency so great, that the Senator from Mis-
sissippi has not been able to find language strong
enough to express the astonishment which he
feels. Now, sir, the worthy Senator will allow
me to say that I really cannot govern his emotions.
He is a gentleman of fine imagination and of great
fancy; and if he will permit himself to be operated
upon by certain emotions which produce fancies
which he can find no language to express, 1 cannot
help it; it must be the fault of his own peculiar con-
stitution. I said, sir, when I had the honor ofad-
dressing the Senate on a former occasion, that I
wanted a settlement of all the questions connected
with the unfortunate institution which has brought
upon us the dangers which now threaten this
Union. I want them all settled. And, sir, there -
is not a syllable which the Senator has read of the
speech made by me on that occasion, nor in any
speech that 1 ever made, which dec'ares that all
these subjects should be incorporated into one bill,
and that upon the decision of that bill should rest
the fate of all the questions connected wilh the
institution of slavery. No, sir. Now look at it
for a moment- 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
say one word here? On the morning after the
honoiable Senator delivered the first part of hia
speech on his own resolutions, the Union newspa-
per of this city, as I have heretofoie suggested,
placed the same interpretation upon his remarks
which I have felt authorized to affix to them, and
as I believe all the leading presses in the republic
likewise did. The editors of the Union went so far
even as formally to eulogize that part of the hon-
orable Senator's speech of the" first day, which was
understood by them as insisting upon an adjust-
ment of all the slavery questions together, upon
one general plan. The honorable Senator, as 1
supposed at the time, saw that he was thus con-
strued, and yet remained silent. Iappealtohim
whether my first impression as to the import of
his words might not naturally have been confirmed
into full conviction by the circumstances stated,
even had 1 regarded it, as I certainty did not, as a
case of dubious interpretation ? ^
Mr CLAY. Mr. President, it is really surpris-
ing to me, though I will not express astonish-
ment about it, how the honorable Senator could
thus have misconceived me. I repeat it now, as I
have often reiterated before, that 1 think Congiess
ou<*ht to settle all the matters which appertain to
this question, every one of them which has threat-
