1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
reputation for attainments in science, literature,
and in ail the qualifications of scholars, who had
been obliged to leave West Point for the reason
that they were inadequately paid. He read a list
of the salaries of professors in colleges, which set
down the average paid in Virginia at $2,500; in
Pennsylvania, especially in Philadelphia, at $2,300
to $3,500; and in New York at $ 1,250, in addition
to house-rent, and ten dollars for each student,
which was equal to about $2,500. The present pro-
fessors were unable, with the greatest economy in
husbanding their means, to support their families
from their salaries. The proposed reduction of for-
arge from three Horses to one horse would diminish
by about ten per cent., or $200 per annum, those
salaries, already too small.
The hardship upon these professors of thehigher
branches of education was, that by the law estab-
lishing their offices, they were obliged to resign
their commissions in the Engineer Corps, and re-
ceive the promise of a salary, at least equal to that
of Major of Engineers, with full pay, emoluments
and forage, and now this it was proposed to cut
down, after years of hard service, and after results
of the highest importance in the formation of the
young; officers—as this nation, and all other nations
who have, heard of the recent victories of American
arms, would fully proclaim. This must be ad-
mitted to be unjust.
After some conversation—
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and
Messrs. Fuller, and Thompson of
were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 54,
So the amendment as amended was agreed to,
and which provides that the Professor o? Draw-
ing and Professor of French shall be entitled to
receive the sum of §1,500 per annum, in addition
to the quarters and fuel now allowed by law, in
lieu of the sums now received by them.
Mr. BAYLY rose, he said, to propose an
amendment which was rendered necessary by that
just adopted.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to ihe end of the amendment the following:
" And that $026 be, and the same is hereby, appropria-
ted out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated by law, m addition to the appropriation made by
this bill, to carry this provision into effect."
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
Thompson, of Mississippi, and Bayly, and then
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL offered the following amend-
ment:
-"And the President of the United States may select the
Superintendent of the school at West Point, from the offi-
cers of any corps ofthe army."
The C^T AIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. EvrcVRSHALL. On what ground ? It asks
no appropriation.
The C Hi AIR. Does the gentleman appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, sir.
The question was then stated to be,i( Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee
Tellers were ordered and Messrs. Corwin and
Waldo were appointed.
The CHAIR requested gentlemen to vote on
one side or the other, so as to make a quorum.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 71, noes 26.
No quorum voting.
Mr. MARSHALL said, that, toavoid any diffi-
culty, he was willing to withdraw the appeal.
The call of the roll was demanded.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
that by unanimous consent another count should
be taken.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. JONES said, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] had withdrawn the appeal.
The CHAIR said that it was not now in the
power of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] to withdraw the appeal.
The roll was then called.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
the names ofthe absentees, to be entered upon the
Journal.
A quorum having been ascertained to be present-^
The committee resumed its session.
The question being on the appeal,
The tellers resumed their places, and again took
the question, with the following result—ayes 93,
noes 41.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Marshall was ruled out
of order.
Mr. HOLMES moved an amendment, providing
for the appointment of a Spanish professor, with
a salary equal to that of the French professor.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. HOLMES moved an amendment, provi-
ding
"That the commander of cadets shall he selected from
the officer? ofthe army, and hi« rank shall not be less than
that of a major by lineal rank, or by brevet received for gal-
lantry in battle."
The CHAIRMAN ruled this amendment out of
order.
On motion by STANTON, of Tennessee,
The committee rose, and reported the bill and
amendments to the House.
The Chairman was about leaving the chair,
when
Mr. BAYLY inquired whether the committee
had risen.
The CHAIRMAN said, yes.
.The chairman then made his report.
The SPEAKER explained that, by mistake,
a question was pending on an amendment at the
time the committee rose.
Mr. BAYLY then moved to amend the item for
forage for horses, by striking out" $1,800" and in-
serting " $2,592." This amendment (Mr. B. said)
had been rendered indispensable by the other
amendments made.
Mr. B. demanded the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON rose to a question of or-
der. The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, he said, had reported the bill with
amendments. Was the motion to amend now in
order?
The SPEAKER said, that the question was on
agreeing to the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
But, for several sessions past, the invariable prac-
tice had been to entertain amendments to the
original bill, notwithstanding the pending of
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The Chair,
therefore, ruled the amendment to be in order.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question (being first on the amend-
ments, and then on the engrossment of the bill)
was ordered to be now taken.
The amendments were concurred in without a
separate vote, except as hereafter mentioned.
On-agreeing to the amendment of the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union, striking
out the words "and that no professors of the Mil-
itary Academy shall be entitled to draw forage, or
money in lieu thereof, for more than one horse, to
be owned and actually kept in service"—
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
[Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.]
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 80, nays 86; as follow:
S^EAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Bokee, Breck, Briggs,
Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clingirian, C'olcock,
Cole, Conrad, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Duer,
Duncan, Alexander Evan?, Nathan Evans, Gilmore, Goode-
now, Gould, Hay, Haymond, Hebaid, Henry, Ilihbard,
Billiard, Holmes, Howe, William T. Jackson, James L
Johnson, Kerr, George G. Kins, James G. King, John A.
King, Marshall, Matteson, McKisaOck, Millson, Moore,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogfe, Orr, CKi**, Outlaw, Peck,
Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Root, Ro«,Rum-
sey, Schennerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester,
Ppauldmg, i?prague, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Alexander H- St^phfns, Taylor, Thomas. John B.
Thompson, Toombs, Underhill, Watkms, White, Williams,
and Winthrop—80.
NAYd—Messrs. Allen, Avereft, Bayly, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bocock, Booth, Bowdon, Boyd, Buel, Joseph Cable,
Cartter, Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Conger,
Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
mundson, Ewing, Feather^ton, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley,
Gerry, Giddings, Gott, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Harlan,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Hoagland, Holladay, Hubbard, Joseph W. Jack?-ot , An-
drew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King, La
Sere, Lefiler, Littlefieid, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McGaughey, McLanahan, Finis E.
McLean, McMullen, McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Morris,
Morse, Olds, Parker* Peaslee, Potter, Powell, Richardson,
Robbing Robinson, Rockwell, Sackett, Stetson, Sweeper,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Wellborn, Wentworih, Whittlesey, WildricJc,
Wood, Woodward, and young—88,
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SACKETT moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that potion be laid upon the table.
Mr. S. asked the ^las and nays; but withdrew
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SWEETSER moved that the House ad-
journ.
The House, by ayes 45, noes 90, refused to
adjourn.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Bayly.
Mr. BAYLY. Can 1 withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY said, its adoption was not neces-
sary.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,and
was read a third time by its tide.
And the question being, " Shall tfiisbill pass?"
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second.
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken,
The bill was passed.
Mr. BAYLY mored a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 26, 1850.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 23d instant, requiring " the Secretary of the
Navy to transmit to the Senate copies of the in-
structions and orders and correspondence relating
to the assemblage of persons on Round Island,"
stating that the correspondence referred to was
communicated to the Senate by the late President,
in his message of the 1st June last, transmitting
reports from heads of departments relative to
alleged revolutionary movements in Cuba, and sta-
ting that it had been ascertained that they were
ordered to he printed the 19th June, and that they
are now in the hands of the printer.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, it was
ordered that the communication He on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented documents relating
to the claim of Allison Manes to compensation for
a horse lost in the military service during the Flor-
ida war; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts: I have received,
and been desired to present, a memorial from Ed-
ward Everett, Jared Sparks, and others, stating
that, in their opinion, it would be of great public
utility to attach to the boundary commission to
run the line between the United States and Mex-
ico, a small corps of persons well qualified to make
researches in the various departments of science;
and they express the hope that so favorable an
opportunity will be embraced by Congress to
adopt a measure from which highly important and
interestingrcsults would unquestionably follow, in
reference to the natural and political history, geo-
graphy, and ethnography of the extensive country
through which the boundary line is to be carried.
I have also another memorial of a committee
appointed by the American Academy of Arts and
Sciences at Boston, recommending the same thing,
which says that the appointment of a corps of
naturalists and geologists, who should accompany
the expedition for the purpose of surveying the
country with reference to their respective depart-
ments of the sciences, who should present on their
return a report of their examinations and investiga-
tions, would tend to the material advancement of
science, and much increase the information re-
garding a region as yet but little explored, and
would redound to the scientific reputation of our
country. 1 do not know to what committee they
should go, and I will therefore move that the read-
ing be dispensed with, and that they be Jaid on the
table.
