THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1850.
New Series No. 2-4.
of that line no disunion meeting or convention has
ever been held, nor disunion sentiments avowed,
to my knowledge. God knows what results may
be broughtabout hereafter by continued oppression
and insult. The general view of my colleague
upon this topic, so eloquently .pronounced in our
hearing to-day, I cordially adopt and reiterate,
and especially that portion of his remarks which
referred to the proceedings of our Mississippi con-
vention. Our object in proposing the convention
at Nashville, so much misunderstood, and often-
times, as I think, so wilfully misrepresented, was
not to subvert the Union, but to save it from de-
struction; not to overturn the Constitution, to
which the Union itself owes its existence, but to
preserve it in all its purity and vigor, and, by pre-
serving it, to preserve and perpetuate the (Jnion
also. I do not doubt, though, that such a conven-
tion might serve as a convenient rallying point, in
the event of our being driven out of the Union by
intolerable oppression, and enable us to save our-
selves from utter degradation and ruin. But I
hope that the occasion for using the convention
for such a purpose may not arise.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky appears
to understand me as reprehending him for pursu-
ing a course at this time so repugnant,  s I oeem
it, to popular feeling in his own State. Why, sir,
I have not reprehended him at all; I have ex-
pressed my surprise at the honorable Senator's
being wining, as he avows himself to be, to swell
the strength of the North in both Houses of Con-
gress, by the addition of two Representatives and
two Senators, before the course of aggression
against southern rights has been yet brought to a
termination, and when such an increase of votes
may be productive of consequences ruinous to the
whole South, Kentucky included; and I must con-
tinue both to feel and to express surprise on this
suhjeci; though it is undeniably true that the hon-
orable Senator can do as he pleases in regard to
the matter, and is in no respect responsible to me
for errors committed or for mischiefs engendered
by his acts here. He will allow me,though, I hope,
to employ a homely illustration, which is perhaps
hardly appropriate to an occasion of so much dig-
nity, but for which his liberality will make due al-
lowance. It is my opinion that the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky is at present playing the game of
political power with our neighbors of the North
in a manner decidedly unskillful. He is throwing
into the hands of his adversaries all the trump
cards in the pack, and depriving his partners and
himself of the privilege both of holding honors
and of winning the odd tricks of legislation. He is
doing more than this even; he generously gives
his adversaries two bullets and a brag#er with the
age superadded, whilst he rashly stakes his all
upon the imaginary potency of a mere broken
hand! The fate of such gaming as this it is most
easy to predict 1
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the motion of
Mr. Douglas to refer the message and accompa-
nying documents to the Committee on Territories,
by adding the following;
"With instruction to repoit a hill for the admi^ion nf
the State of California unconnected with any other sub-
ject."
Mr. BUTLER rose to address the Senate, but
yielded to a motion to adjourn.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 15, ]850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR. !(
11
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be bus- *1
petided, and that the House resolve itself into !l
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of taking |
up and considering bills on the private calendar, !j
The affirmative vote was taken and announced ,!
as fifty-two. !
Tellers were asked and ordered, (and Messrs. j
Daniel, of North Carolina, and Wallace, of jj
South Carolina, were appointed.) il
24
The question was then taken, and the affirm-
ative vote declared to be thirty-eight.
The noes were not counted.
So the House refused to proceed to the con-
sideration of the private calendar.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, inquired of the
Speaker whether a vote of two-thirds would not
be required to take up public business on this day?
(the day being set apart by the rules for the con-
sideration of private business.)
The SPEAKER said, not; if the House refused
to proceed to the consideration of the private cal-
endar, the regular business would be the public
business.
Mr. EVANS called the attention of the Speaker
to the twenty-ninth rule, which declares that
"Friday and Saturday in every week shall be set
apart for the consideration of private bills and
private business, in preference to any other, unless
otherwise determined by a majority of the House."
A note to this rule says :
"Under the rule of 26ih Anril, 1828, relative to a post-
ponement or change of the oider of business, it has Iteen
decided that it takes two-third* to proceed tn public busi-
ness on Friday and Saturday. The reason of tins decision
h, that the rule of the 26th "April, It3d, made no exception
in favor <ff the clause, foi a majority, contained in thh rule,
and that therefoie that piovi-bm was annulled. There
hive been three appeals upon this point, but (he TInuse in
all instances affirmed the decision in lavnr of uvo-thitds."
And the clause of the rule of 26th April, 1828,
referred to in the above note, is as follows :
"Nor shall the oider of business, as established by (he
ru!e<s, he postponed or changed, except byli vote of at least
two-thirds of the members present."
Some conversation followed between Mr.
EVANS and the SPEAKER, leading to no action.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON", of Missis-
sippi, the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into a Committee of the "Whole on
, (he state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentuckvj
j in the Chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the resolutions referring to the appropriate
committees the several portions of the President's
annual message.
Mr. ROOT, who was entitled to the floor from
yesterday, addressed the committee during his
hour upon the slavery question. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. R. having concluded—
Mr. WELLBORN obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the hour. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts, then obtained
the floor, and addressed the committee, yielding
for purposes of inquiry to Mr. Hilliard. [His
speeeh will be found in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN then gave the floor to
Mr. VENABLE, who yielded for a few mo-
ments (he said) to enable
Mr. BURT to make an explanation upon one
point of the remarks of Mr. Mann.
Mr. MANN briefly rejoined.
The committee then rose and reported prog-
ress.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (to give
members an opportunity to attend to the business
of their constituents,) moved that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion, by yeas 88, nays 86, was agreed
to.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred to the appropriate
^committees:
By Mr. WILMOT: Two petitions signed by 2o0 citizen5; of
Pennsylvania, praying that the United States Government
dispense with tiie employment of chaplains in the army and
navy, and the two Houses of Confess.
Also, four petition*. signed by 80 citizens of Pennsylva-
nia pravmg for a reduction in the rates of postage on letters
to a uniform rate of two cent* perhalf ounce.
Bv Mr MANX1, of Pennsylvania : The petition of Henry
Knatfenherger and 37 others, citizens of Westmoreland
countv. Pennsylvania, praying Congress for the enactment
of a Jaw granting relief to the suiviving officers and soldiers
of the late war with Great Britain. *
Also, the petition of William Neal and 22 others, citizens
of the same countv, of like import.
Also, the petition of Henry M. Keever and 25 others, cit-
izens of the same countv, of like import.
Also, the petition of James H. Byerly and 15 others, citi-
zens of the same county, of like import.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of Edward Haskell and
others* citizen® of Lucas counly, Ohio, for c heap postage.
By Mr. MORRIS: The pennon of Nehemiah H0lden«0f
Brown county, Ohio, a revolutionary pensioner, for an in-
crease of s uch pension.
Also, the petition ot H. T. Aldrieb. of Clermont county,
Ohio, asking Congress to grant him 160 acres ot land.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of IMmy U. White and 50
others^ citizens of Londonderry, Vermont, fur cheap post-
age.
By Mr. PEAFLEE: A joint resolution dis-po-ing of two
brass field-pieces captured at the battle ot'Bennington, in
1777.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi: The petition of Z,
Fuller and 24 others, citizens of Peunsjlvanta, praying for
the passage of a law granting a bounty ot land to the United
States army and volunteers who aetved in the Seminole
war in FJonda. ,
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut: Thememorial of Sam-
uel Golpin and Francis Parsons, executor-* of Martha Bulk-
ley, pray nig indemnity for French spoliations.
Also, the memorial of Silas H. Mead and others, praying
a i eduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial and
proceedings of a public meeting held at Carlisle, Nicholas
county, Kentucky, asking bounty land-* for soldier*, ami the
widows and heirs of soldiers, who served in the war of
1812.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition of DanielK. Hohnrt and
53 others, citizens of Dennysville, in the countj of Wash-
ington, a«king CongiefS to cau^e to be rt moved certain ob-
structions around Falls Island in the tide-waters of Cobscott
Bav.
Also, the petition of Peter E Vose and 6^ others, citizens
of the town of Dennysville, m luuherame o( the tame ob-
ject.
Also, the petition of William McGlanflin and 87 others,
citizens of the towns of Charlotte and Meddyhemps, county
of Washington, and Stale ot Maine, for a similar ohject.
Also, the petition of Stephen Munt on,ji., and 48 others,
citizens $f the town of Cooper, in the same county, pray-
ing for the same object.
AKo, the petition of William S. D. Blackwood and 87
others, citizens of Pembroke, in the counly ot Washington,
praying Congress to the same, object.
AUo". the petition of John D. riherman and 33 others, cit-
zensot' the town ol Marion and Plantation No. 14, in the
same county, for a sumlai object.
Also, the petition of Leonard J. Thomas and 200 others,
asking of Congress an appiopnation to build a light-house at
the mouth of Frenchman's Bay, in the county of Hancock,
and State of Maine.
ANo, the memorial and petition of Daniel Boone, an in-
valid pensioner, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. SCHERMERHOUN: Five petitions of the citizens
of the city of Roehester, praying for abolition of the franicing
privilege.
Also, three petitions of the citizens of the city of Roches-
ter. praying for the reduction of the rates of postage.
AUo, the" petition of the citizens of Niagara county, pray-
ing lor a reduction of the rates of postage.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Monroe county, pray-
ing for the pas.-age of a law to protect patentees against tor-
eign infractions.
Also, the petition of Richard Oothout praying for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Hartwel! Carver and his associates,
praying for a speedy conduction of a railroad fiom some
point on the Mississippi river to the Pacific Oeean.
By Mr ROBBING: The petition for reduction of post-
age, signed bv JnmesM. Hindle,Edwin Jenl^, and 40 oiheis,
cftizens of Bridosbury, Philadelphia county, Pennsylva-
nia.
Bv Mr. JACKSON: The petition of B. Fo-ter Pratt, P.
N. Fowler, C. C. Carr. and 16 other*, members of lite Pies-
hytery of Chemung. New York, ptsuing the reduction of
I postage on prepaid letters to two cents. ea<*h.
I Al-o, the petition of \V. M. Oliver, N. Turnicliff. and 68
j otheis, citizens of Penn Yan, Ydtes county. New Yo k,for
the i-ame objeet.
Bv Mr. GOODENOW: The. petition of Ebenezer CJapp'
, and 1 in otheis, citizen* of Bath and vicinity, Maine, asking
! that the rate of postage on prepaid letters be established at
! two cents per half ounce.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana: Additional evidence in
support oi the claim of Captain John Huffinjton for the oap-
tuieand destruction of two vessels duiing the war ot 145U,
by the British. . , . _ „
Ai«o the petition of J. K. Morlcdgc and others of Bar-
tholomew countv. Miana, for tlie reduction o£|KMBsfP.
Bv Ml CROVVELL: The petition ot Dan. Eaton, Iran-
cis Bart-lav, and other?, citizens of yomig.-town, Mtihmiins
countv, Ohio, prajms Conare«s> to npproptiaieastnp of land
38 miles wide, from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean,
for the construction of a railroad, and appointing directors,
with certain salaries, for fhe ivmna em.-m thereof.
Bv Mr. WALDO: The petition oi Geotg<> Memck, E-q.,
and others electors and principal buHoe^s men ot South
Gfa«tenbury, Connecticut, for a uniform late of postage at
two cents per half ounce weight. T _ ,
By Mr. PEASLGE : The petition of Isaac L. Fol.com and
others, citizens of Exeter and Eppmg, New Hampshire,
praying for the reduction of postage on prepaid letters to two
cents per half ounce.
