870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
Also, the petition of Stephen B. Sargent and others, citi-
zens of Hopkinton, New Hampshire for the game purpose.
By Mr. GREEN: The petition of citizens of Morgan
countv, Missouri, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Versailles to Erie.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
soini, on the subject of a geological survey of said State.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 15, 1850.
The YICE PRESIDENT announced the first
business in order to be the "unfinished business of
yesterday, viz: the motion to refer the President's
message transmitting the constitution of the State
of California; the pending question being the
motion to amend of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton.]
On motion of Mr.'SEWARD that order of busi-
ness was postponed for half an hour.
The VfCE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, made agree-
ably to law, accompanied by a list of the clerks
employed in the Department of State during the
year 1849, and showing the compensation paid to
each; which was ordered to lie on the table, and a
motion to print the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I observe a slight
error in the report this morning made in one of
the papers of this city, which I hold in my hand—
the Republic—a paper whose condensed reports of
our debates 1 have discovered to be in general
quite accurate. The misreport relates to an inci-
dent in the debate of yesterday, and is as fol-
io v/s:
<•' And in the course of bte [Mr. F.'s] reflection^ on the
course of the Senator from Missouri, he s-aid that it might be
attributed to the fact that a distinguished Km-m-law of the
Senator was? on<* of the Sunatoi-* ehoson by California.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,called the Senator to order. He
was indulging in personal remarks. The Senator, mote-
over, denounced the measure to admit California as a
scheme—as a plot. He [Mr. D ] was a frimd of that meas-
ure, would vote for if. and would not allow any man to de-
nounee it kh an unworthy scheme."
Wow, sir, it is a mistake to suppose that any
language as harsh as this was used. My friend
from Iowa, in jnterruptinsr me, used none but the
kindest an<l most respectful language; and such
was the character of my own in explanation.
We have never yet been involved in the least mis-
understanding of an unkind character, nor do J be-
lieve we ever shall be.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Pe-
ter Holser and others, asking for the continuation
of certain land claims in the State of Missouri,
atisini; out of concessions, grants, and settlement
rights from the Government of Spain, or in lieu
thereof other lelief in the premises; which was
refeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
zens of New York, asking that corporal punish-
ment and the spirit ration in the navy may be
abolished; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition of merchants, mechanics, and
other citizens of New Yorlt, asking a i eduction of
the rates of postage to two cents the half ounce on
all prepaid letters.
Also, a petition siened by 126 citizens-of Ca-
yuga county, New York, to the same effect; which
were severally referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking the construction
of a luirboi- at Port Washington, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
, Also, a memorial from the Legislature of the
same State, asking a grant of land to aid m the
construction ol a railroad from Milwaukee to the
Mississippi river; which was refeired to the Com-
mittee on Public Landfi, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial from the same source, relating
to the harbor at the mouth of the* river Mani-
towoc, on Lake Michigan; which was referied to
the Committee on Commerce, and oidered to be
printed.
Also, a petition from citizens ef Lebanon, Ohio,
asking that ihe public lands may be granted, in
limited quantities, to actual setlleis who may not
lie possessed of other lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lairds,
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of |
Pennsylvania, asking that a quarter section of land i
may be granted to each actual settler on the public
lands, free of all charge; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Laftds.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, ask-
ing the passage of a law to abolish the punishment
of death and the substitution of some more just,
reasonable, and humane punishment; which was j!
^referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. ||
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Hamp- I j
shire, asking a reduction of postage; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of county
officers of Jefferson county, Ohio, and five peti-
tions from otfier citizens of that State, asking a
reduction of the rates of postage to two cents on
all prepaid letters; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE, in presenting these memorials,
took occasion to observe that, concurring as he
did in the object of the petitioners, he would take
occasion to introduce a bill in conformity with
their wishes.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Detroit, Michigan, in favor of cheap postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Jacob
W. Cummins, asking additional compensation for
services as a clerk m t-he General Land Office;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. j
Mr. BELL presented a petition of citizens of ;
Wilson county, Tennessee, asking the adoption of I
measures for the settlement of international dis- j{
putes without resort to war; which was referred to jj
the Committer on Foreign Relations. _ ;i
Mr. BENTON presented thirteen petitions of!;
citizens of Missouri, signed by upwards of one
thousand persons, asking that Ihe public land may
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers, !i
under certain restrictions; which were referred to |
the Committee on Public Laifds. |j
Mr. BENTON. 1 have also been requested to j!
presentthe memorial of Charles Barrett and S V. j
S. Wilder, in behalf of themselves and the other ;
heirs of the owners of the ship Columbia and the '
sloop Washington, and the widow of Capt. Rob- I
ert Gray, asking the confirmation of their title to a [
certain tract of land purchased in 1791 of the In- ;j
dian tribes inhabiting the Oregon Territory, or h
such compensation in land or money as the im- jj
portance of their explorations and discoveries in
that region may render just and pioper.
The memorialists sot forth the services of their
ancestors m making discoveries on the no?thwest
coast at a veiy early day, what they suffered and
what they lost, and some of the advantages which
have redounded to our country since in conse-
quence of their exertions, and also the purchase of
lands from the Indians during that titr^e. I will
state that there are some matters of historical in-
terest among the papers presented, and many ori-
ginal papers which*have never been published. 1 1
therefore move that they be printed, and referred j
to the Committee on Public Lands. j
The memorial was referred to the Committee on \{
the Public Lands, and the motion to print was re- !|
ferred to the Committee on Printing. I[
Mr. WIIITCOMB presented a petition of citi- i
zens of Lafayette county, Indiana, asking a reduc- ;
tion of the rates of postage; which was leferied to '
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. W. also submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of the heirs of Jethio Wood;
which were referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. BRIGHT presented *a resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Indiana, in favor .
of the establishment of a mail route from Stiles- 1
ville to Gosport, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Oi'Hce and Post
Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PvUSK,
Ordered, That the petition of Emma C. B. Thompson,
widow of" Charles B. Thorftp>on, on the files of the Senate^ j
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. ;
On motion by Mr. CASS, ;
Ordered, Thatth*' documents on the files 0-5the Senate re- j
jatingto the claim ot Luther Blake, assignee of Lemuel B. !
Nicholl*, be referred to the Committee oh (ndifu AlTair.s. i
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, ThfUthe memorial of the representatives of Wm.
A. Teas be taken from the file* and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORRIS?, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of Wm.
L. Cazeneau, reported the same back to the Sen-
ate, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
accompanied by a report in writing; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which were referred the several memo-
rials praying the return of duties illegally exacted,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that they be referred to the
Committee on Finance; which was agreed to.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to*
which was referred the memorial of the Panama
Railroad Company, asking that the Secretary of
the Tieasury be authorized to contract for the
tiansportation of army and navy supplies and the
mails, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. H. further, from the same committee, to
which was referred the memorial of John S. Van
Dyke, asking payment of prize money due his
brother, Henry Van Dyke, in the case of the
L'Insurgente fri^rate and two schooners, asked to
be discharged from the fuither consideration of
the same, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to winch were referred the several
memorials of the bar of Louisiana, reported a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate the
mode of practice m the courts of the United
States for the district of Louisiana, approved the
26th day of May, 1824."
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on
Piinting, to which was referred the petition of
Wendell ^nd Van Benthuysen, late public print-
ers, asking extra allowance on their contract for
printing for Congress, made an adverse report
thereon.
Mr. B. also, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred a resolution in rela-
tion to purchasing 15,000 copies of Professor Wal-
ter R. Johnson's woik on the coal trade of British
America, reported back the same, and recommend-
ed its passage, accompanied by a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of
Caleb Green, asking reimbursement for office rent
in Louisiana, made an adverse report thereon.
He took occasion to say that this was the third or
fourth time that the committee had reported ad-
versely upon this petition, and he but expressed
the unanimous wish of the committee when lie
said he hoped they would hear no more of it.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of the
present and the late land officers at the land office
in Lebanon, Alabama, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, to % hich
was referied the memorial of Daniel V. Gtuenau-
don, asked to be dischatged fiom the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, to
which were referred the documents in relation to
the claim of Nancy A. Dewitte to the reissue of a
military bounty land watrant, submitted an ad-
verse report upon the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commetce, reported a lull amendatory
of an act entitled " An act allowing drawback
upon foreign merchandise expoited in the original
packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico,
and to the British North American provinces ad-
joining the United States, "approved 3d of March,
1845, arid for other purposes; which was read and
passed to a second readme:.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Wm. A. Christian, submitted a report, which was
