MM
Tm CONGRBSSIONAI. (JLQME.
July 20,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest the Senator
that it would be more appropriate to refer them to
the select committee appointed on that subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I was not aware that there wes
such a committee. I am pleased to find that such
a one has been constituted, and I will therefore
move that they be referred to the select committee;
which motion was agreed to.s
EXTRA PAY AND BOUNT^ LANDS TO NAVY.
Mr. CLAY. I have received a petition signed
by a number of American tars, who served either
in the Gulf or on the Ocean during the late war,
written in true sailors' style, and which I take
great pleasure in presenting to the Senate, enter-
taining, as I have always done, feelings of the
greatest interest and sympathy in the prosperity
of that most important portion of our countrymen.
The state that they served during the war in the
Gulf and on the Pacific, and were subjected to
hardships quite equal to those experienced by the
other portions of the army and navy of the United
States; and they ask for three months' extra pay,
as is allowed to the marines, and that they may
also have the benefit of the bounty lands proposed
to be given to that corps. I move to dispense with
the reading of the petition, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON. I beg, in connection with this
matter, to call the attention of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which I suppose is the proper com-
mitteee, to the propriety of some signification of
the sense of Congress as to the gallantry of those
naval officers who were engaged in military duty
on shore—a duty entirely disconnected with their
naval services. I need not say, sir, that a gallant
citizen of my own State, Commodore Stockton,
while on the Pacific coast, took command of a land
force, and in connection with General Kearny
fought an important battle, and rendered other and
valuable services entirely disconnected with his
naval duties. I have made use of his name only
for the purpose of illustrating my meaning. Other
individuals connected with the naval service of the
country were in the same condition, and discharged
the same kind of camp duty. Now we have brevet-
ed, we have done something indicating our sense of
the gallantry of the military gentlemen who served
during the late war, but there has never been, so
far as I know, the slightest indication of the sense
of Congress in regard to those gentlemen who,
abandoning the quarter-deck, did military duty
and fought by the side of the very men who have
been breveted and promoted for their gallantry in
the field. I do not know that there are brevets to
naval officers, but it has been customary on the
part of Congress either to vote medals, swords, or
resolutions, or indications in some way, of their
sense of the gallantry of our sons who have dis-
tinguished themselves in that way. I beg leave,
therefore, in connection with this matter, to call
the attention of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to this subject.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands to which was referred the joint resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, instructing their Sena-
tors in Congress and requesting their Representa-
tives to procure from Congress a grant of ten thou-
sand acres of land, to aid in making a levee upon
Muscatine Island, so as to prevent the inundation
of the same, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which' was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the several memorials of citizens of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin, asking a donation of land to
make a road from Green Bay to Lake Superior,
reported a bill granting the right of way and a
donation of land to the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan in aid of the construction of a road from
Green Bay to Lnke Superior; which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
VACANCIES IN COMMITTEES.
Mr. MANGUM. If in order, I desire to state
to the Senate that there are several vacancies in the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to which com-
mittee much important business has been leferred,
and to move that these vacancies bo filled by the
Chair. There are three vacancies at the present
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I would sug-
gest to the Senator the propriety of excusing the
Chair from serving on the committee before the
vacancies are filled.
Mr. MANGUM. I will then move, sir, that
the Presiding Officer be excused from further serv-
ing on that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. I take it for granted that the
second ®n the committee will now stand at the
head of the committee, and that the three additional
members may be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to, and the President ap-
pointed Mr. Hbnter, Mr. Phelps, and Mr. .
Mr. JONES. I move that the Presiding Officer
fill the vacancy in the Committee on Engrossed
Bills, caused by the resignation of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin ]
. Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the Senator
the propriety of filling this vacancy when the Sen-
ator who is to fill the place of the gentleman
who has resigned shall take his seat. It is better
to let the matter lie over until the first of the week.
Mr. JONES. Oh ! no; not in this case.
Mr. HALE. I move, then, that the matter be
postponed until Monday.
Mr. JONES. Well, I have no objection, and
will withdraw the motion.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution,
which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish the
Senate with the following information, lo wit: List of ves.
sels, and the tonnage* of the same, entered at the district of
Brazos St. Jago, since its establishment by act of Congress ;
value of mipoits, American manufactures and productions,
foreign goods, duties paid, and goods bonded, specifying the
quarterly statements of each of .-said item*; the quantity of
frights shipped, and the value thereo'jto the Brazos St
Jago and month of the Rio Grande, each, respectively, for
the public service since the termination of the war with
Mexico; how transported or conveyed from thence to the
several military posts on the Rio Giande and near it,and the
cost of such transportation or conveyance to the Govern-
ment to the several military posts referred to; list and ton-
nage of the steamboats registered and navigating the Rio
Grande.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolutions,
which were considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inqiuie into the expediency of making an appropriation
for improving the haibor at the mouth of Grand River, in
Michigan.
Resolved. That the Committee 011 Foreign Relations in-
quire. into tile propiiety and expediency of appropriating t<t
Anthony Ten Eyck, late Commissioner at the Sandwich
Island*, the amount ot' his salary as such Commissioner
from October 1,1848, to the time his services in that capacity
ceased.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BADGER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to amend, in the
cases therein mentioned, the act to regulate the
duties on imports and tonnage;" which was "read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
RESOLUTION FROM THE HOUSE.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, instructing the Secretary of State to
furnish the State of Alabama duplicates of the
books and documents heretofore supplied by Con-
gress, and which were destroyed by the 'recent
burning of the State capitol of said State, was read
and passed to a second reading.
ROUTE FROM SAN ANTONIO TO EL PASO.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask that the
resolution reported by the Committee on Printing
yesterday, in relation to the printing of the report
from the War Department with reconnoissances
of routes from San Antonio de Bexar to El Paso
del Norte, by certain officers of the Topographical
Bureau, the consideration' of which was postponed
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan, be
now considered. The question then was as to
the propriety of having the maps accompanying it
engraved and printed together with the report;
and since the postponement of that question yes-
terday, I have received a letter from the colonel
commandant and head of the Bureau of Topo-
graphical Engineers, in which he states that, for
the proper understandingof the reports, it is neces-
sary that the maps accompanying them should be
published, as they contain some minute informa-
tion, which cannot be drawn from the general
geographical positions, to be arranged in the con-
solidated map, which, although eight feet square,,
does not give that minute account which is neces-
sary for an entire understanding of the report or-
dered to be printed. I will therefore suggest,
which I hope the Senator from Michigan will take
into favorable consideration, that the Secretary of
the Senate be instructed to cause the maps accom-
panying the report to be printed or engraved for
the use of the Senate, and to be reduced under the
direction of the Topographical Bureau,
Mr. CASS. I fully concur in the suggestion of
the Senator, as I think it very important that we
should have a full and complete knowledge of that
country. •
Mr. DICKINSON. As a general rule—though
I do not profess to understand the merits of this
particular case—I am opposed to this ordering the
printing of maps. In nine cases out of ten, the en-
graving i3 most expensive, and the maps, for all
the purposes for which they are ordered, are
worse than nothing. I do not refer to this map,
because I trust, as it has been examined by the
committee, it is a useful one; but I desire merely to
refer to the fact that our contingent fund has suf-
fered greatly from this engraving of maps, without,
as I believe, the public receiving any adequate
compensation for it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state, be-
fore this matter proceeds further, that the report
has not yet been ordered to be printed, and that
the report of the committee in favor of it was laid
on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I supposed the
printing had been ordered, but if not, 1 will make
the motion that the report be ordered to be printed,
and that the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
to cause the maps to be reduced, under the direc-
tion of the Topographical Bureau, and engraved
for the use of the Senate. I merely wish to say
to the Senator from New York, that he and I, on
this occasion, as is generally the case, agiee as to
the general proposition; the question with me was
whether tne general or consolidated map would
answer to illustrate the reports which were to be
printed; and for that reason I oiigmally objected
to the printing of these maps, unless an examina-
tion was made of them. Since then, as 1 have
stated, I learn from the chief of the Topogiaphical
Bureau that the maps are necessary to a good un-
derstanding of the reports ordered to be printed,
and this is the reason, I say to the Senator from
New York and to the Senate at large, why 1 now
propose that they should be engraved. But, as
the Senator who made the objection will not listen
to my reply, I will stop.
Mr. DICKINSON. I did not make any objec-
tion m this case, and I was listening to the reply
of the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. You were conversing.
Mr. DICKINSON. That was a matter over
which I had no control—a Senator was addressing
me. I repeat that I made no objection in this case,
but I made the remarks to which the Seizor has
referred, in order to call the attention of the Senate
to the manner in which we were going on m this
work of engraving works that are, as I think, pro-
ductive of no good to the public.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Sejiator from
Mississippi withdraw his proposition?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate will first have
to dispose of the report of the committee in favor
of printing, which was laid on the table on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask, then, that it be taken up.
for consideration. That was my original motion,
I believe.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not so un-
derstand it.
The report of the committee was then taken up
and concuiied in.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the motion be
referred to the Committee on Printing, and that they
be directed to ascertain the expense of reduction
and engraving.
The PRESIDENT. The committee have re-
ported on the subject in favor of the printing, and
the Senate have just concurred in their report.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Chair does not un-
derstand my motion. It was m reference to the
question of engraving the maps.
The PRESIDENT. The report of the com-
mittee was in favor of engraving the maps, and
the proposition of the Senator from Mississippi is
