1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
art
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for
his relief.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
relerred the memorial of the heirs of Andrew D.
Crosby, submitted a report, which was ordered to
be printed, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
RESOLUTrONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. WHITCOMBsubmitted the following res-
olution, which lies over under the rules:
Resolved, That the President of the United Statee be re-
quested to inform the Senate on what day, since the ]<i&t
?e->=ioii oT Congress, John Webster was removed from thp
'prwtof a pilot on board a revenue cutter on the Lakes, the
date of the order for his removal, and the day on which his
pay as such pilot ceased ; aKo, that he cause to he transmit-
ted to the Senate oojiies of all charges, complaints, or papeis
(if anv) exhibited against the said John Weoster, and to in-
form the Senate whether he has had an opportunity of being
heard thereon. |
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu- i
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
ilesoh'eh That the Committer on finance be instructed
to impure into the expediency of providnis bylaw for the
pavmnu of a fair compensation foi the services of all such
pewm* as have been or may heicafier be appointed " des-
ignated depositaries-," under " An act to provide for the bcr-
tei oiganiZ'ition of the Treasury, and for the collection, n
safe-keeping, and disbursement of the public revenue," ap- j |
proved 6th August, 1846. 1
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution, ,1
which was considered by unanimous consent and j
agreed to: il
Resolved, That the Committee. «a the Post Office ami !
Pn-t Roads be instructs! to inquire into the expedi-ncy of 1
establishing a post route from Selina, via Cahawba and j
Umontown, to DemopoltSj m the StnU: of Alabama. j
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following; resolu- j
tton, winch was considered by unanimous consent !
«m! a<?ieed to : j
Rushed, That the Committee on the Post Office and ■
t>o«t R'iad-5 be instructed to inquire into th«* expediency of |
•establishing a post route from Franklin, Johnson county, '
Indiana, via Far West, Mooresville, and Monrovia post i
office, to ^iilpsviile, in Hendrwks county, in saui State; j
Also, a po>t loute from Stilesviile aforesaid, via Wade-jvilie, 1
in the county of Morgan, to Gosport, in the county of
•Owen.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON "LEAVE.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the survey of the public lands in California
and New Mexico, and for the settlement of the
titles and claims to lands, and the granting of do-
nation rights therein; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
• Mr. BORLAND, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
concerning a communication between the Missis-
sippi river and the Pacific ocean; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MANGUM, by unanimous conscnt, ob-
tained leave to bring in a joint resolution for the
relief of William H. Thomas; which was read a    
fiist and jsccond time, and referred to the Commit- ! ^uW)f them and £ive it a separtue consideration
tee ou Indian Affairs. 1 .h., .  ?* t
Mr. FOOTE eave notice of a bill to amend the
act entitled "An act to establish the Territorial
Government of Oregon," and "An act to estab-
lish the Territorial Government of Minnesota.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SEWARD Mr. President, on my motion
the unfinished business was postponed for half an
hour, and as that time has expired, I feel it to be
mv duty to move that it be now taken up.
'The motion was agreed to, and the pending ques-
tion was stated to be on the amendment Oi the ben-
ator from Missouri, to instruct the Committee, on
Territories il to report a bill for the admission or
the State of California unconnected with any other
Sl.blttCt."
Mr. BENTON
idem, opens a very
doubt present many aspects or views m v.
Senators may consider it. Since 1 offered the
amendment yesterday, it has been suggested to
 _and in the suggestion t cordially concur
it may be desirable to postpone us further
.consideration; 1 therefore move to lay it over
•until Monday, in accordance wittyhat suggestion.
It is 100 large a subject, sir, to be acted upon ex-
16 jllr r" JOTLER• WiH the Senator withdraw
that motion, as 1 desire now to present the views
That amendment, Mr. Pres-
laige question. It will no
I'hich
mf-
tliat
which I rose to offer previous to the adjournment
yesterday.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, who was entitled to the floor,
rose and said: I did not rise yesterday for the pur-
pose of making- a speech of any great length, and
I shall confine my remarks this morning to very
narrow limits. I rose yesterday with the view of
indicating the course which I wished this subject
to take, and I was very happy when the Senator
from Missouri offered his amendment. I did not
wish those subjects connected with California to
be disconnected with the discussion of the other
subjects embraced in the resolutions of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky. We all have duties
to perform—very grave duties to perform; and I
should be very sorry to see any part of this sub-
ject referred to any committee at all, until every
Senator on this floor, if he chooses to do so, has
given his views; so that the committee hereafter
may by possibility frame such a plan as will result
in the adjustment of this agitating question. I say
" by possibility," sir. That word implies at once
my'apprehension and fears for the result of events.
That result will depend altogether on the course
and determination of the North. That section has
the power to solve and fulfill the possibility which
now exists of settling this fearful question.
I Mr- President, we all see that there is a storm
ahead of us; indeed, we have already felt some of
its hazardous agitations. Under such circumstan-
ces, it seems to me that every one on board, how-
ever humble, should be allowed to make such
! suggestions as may save the vessel from ap-
prehended shipwieck. After all shall have given
their views, the course and policy to be pursued
will be developed. The juncture of ou affairs
cannot be met but by a full survey of all the con-
sequences which may grow out of it. It is the
part of wisdom to seize upon the advantages of
tiansient opportunity. One good thought, one
happy suggestion at the right time, is worth all the
splendid generalities that are beyond the influence
of wo actual occasion.
Events have moved on with a dangerous velocity,
and opportunities for settling; this question have
been allowed to pass that will never return.
Whilst we are approaching lapids and shoals—
perhaps cataracts—it will be ill vain to look back
at the havens of safety which we have passed, and
to which we can ha\e no return By keening
i California connected with other subjects with
' which it is indissolubly associated, we may retain
a control over this subject that may present an
opportunity, perhaps the last opportunity, to settle
it. Onc.e part with it, by admitting California at
once, it may be fatal, because irrevocable.
I must confess, Mr. President, that I was sur-
prised to see a disposition manifested from so im-
posing a source to give California prefeience in the
discussion, and to separate her fat«/rom that of
others, m which it ought to be involved. It cer-
lainly is so involved in the resolutions of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky. And why take it
id give it a sepnrtite consideration, 1
cannot see. It'may he thought that it is the
strongest question for the opponents of the South,
i and theief'ore that it can be used with.success as a
! pioneer. On the other hand, it may be looked on
1 as a pioneer of invasion—and 1 am sure it will be
, so regarded—and other parties will take a more
certain refuge in the increased strength which it
' can mapmt.
; We all should speak candidtv upon this subject.
! 5 intend lo deliver myself—and 1 hope 1 always
„1;,y without passion or prejudice. Indeed, at
• this juncture of our affairs, they would be dan
serous counsellors. If we can relieve ourselves
from the difficulties that surround us, it must he by
calm temper and firm resolution, w)0i a determi-
nation, as far as we can, to do right. I know that
i I cannot fiee my mind altogether from the mflu-
■ ences which sectional duties impose upon me. I
have duties to perform to one section ol this Union
j which require me to discharge them in a spirit of
" firmness and, I hope, fairness. Perhaps I cannot
go as far as the honorable Senator from Kentucky
expressed himself yesterday evening willing to do.
Mv desire is to save the Union, if I can do it by
saving tne rights and honor of tile State which 1
represent. One was made to protect the other;
ar.d when that office shall be abandoned, the
Union, or those who wield its influence, is made to.
assume the position of an antagonist, and to pre-
sent considerations involving a painful alternative;
an alternative of submission to an acknowledged
power under a sacred name, or that of self respect
and self-preservation in the States whose rights are
threatened. These alternatives in their various
aspects, both past and future, excite no doubt very
different feelings. Peeling that I am identified
with the weaker but the wronged party, it may
not be surprising that I should partake of the sen-
timents or sympathies of those who may seem to
take an adversary position.
When, the other day, the Senator from Ken-
tucky said he knew no South- in his allegiance, and
again repeated there was no allegiance m his mind
to the South, I was prepared to hear him say,
" nor to the North, nor to the West, nor to the
East, but to the Union;" and with such a declara-
tion I might have been satisfied; but to single out
the South as not claiming his allegiance gave me
pain.
Mr. CLAY. I think I did say the Horth. I
do not know that 1 went all around the different
points of the compass. That is what i meant,
however, if I did not use the expression. I meant
then, and I mean it now, that I owe no allegiance
to any one section—East, North, West, or South.
And I know, 1 repeat, of but two sovereignties to
whom I owe allegiance—the one the Union, and
the other my own State. That is what I meant.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman regards his
first allegiance to the Union, and then to Kentucky.
I may, perhaps, regard my relations to the South
somewhat different from those of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky. I somewhat reverse the
order in which he chooses to speak of allegiance.
My allegiance is first to South Carolina, and
thiough South Carolina to the Union. I know
no other Union than which has been recognized by
the State of South Carolina. I know of no other
allegiance but mv allegiance to South Carolina.
My allegiancc to the Union is through South Car-
olina. These different views may lead our minds
to run thiough different channels. As being iden-
tified with the past glories of the Union, he may
well look upon it with the pious veneiation of a
child, and he may be prepared to look upon the
partial dispensations ofa~parcut wiih feelings of
fmgiveness—especially so Ion™ as he may be, re-
garded as one of her favorites in the domeslk- fam-
ily cncle.
Whilst I love those who have a common interest
with me—who are indissolubly involved in n com-
mon destiny—I have no aversion to this Union as
it was created. AVhen I left my conslituen is, there
was no deliberate design among them that it should
be dissolved. Such an act had not been looked to
as a matter of policy or purpose, ft is hn event
depending on consequences over which the minor-
ity had no control. Whether, seeing these con-
sequences, they would have consented to the form-
ation of the Union, I cannot tell; but its dissolution
after it has been formed, presents a differem ques-
tion, and one of the gravest solicitude. Under the
feeling inspired by such a solicitude, it wns-natural
that the distinguished Senator should have pre-
sented himself in this crisis as a mediatoi; it was
ail office well worthy of his leputation. But 1 am
Hot mistaken in saving that it isa mediation which
must fail, if it cannot present anything better tnan
the terjns of a compromise contained m the different
resolutions whi. h he has offered. Compromise !
lis name is frailty—its consequences treachery—
o-ivmg the stronger party the power to use it as an
i Tnstrument, and throw it away at its pleasure. The
] compromises that have been offered fall far short or
i the occasion. They neither satisfy the present, nor
i offer security for the future. The stronger power
! don't want them, and the weaker power, in honor
j cannot accept them. The South might be satisfied
; with an adjustment such as would restore eonfi-
i deuce, and give her perfect security by something
' more than the decision of a tempted majority. It
is not for the Southjo
my"ornmon,°to settle this question. If I had my
wly.'T would commit them to a committee of
northern men exclusively, to see what would be
the terms upon which they would settle n. I
know Sir, that this thing of admitting States into
the Union, as California ts likely to oe admitted,
will aggravate very much the dissensions w hich
exist m diffeicut portions of this Union. Califor-
nia misht have been placed in a condition m which
she could have chimed admission into the Union,
