1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
immediate constituents, but to the whole people
of Massachusetts; and there is no one who was
more likely to have received at their hands, at no
distant day, the reward of his honorable ambition,
in the highest honors of his native State.
Though he had enjoyed the advantage of an
education, which wouid have fitted him for enter-
ing upon either of what are commonly called the j
learned professions, his tastes had led him to Agri- j
cultural puisuits. He prided htmseif, as any one j
may well pride himself, on being a good Farmer: !
and the farmers of his neighborhood were justly
proud of him as one of the most intelligent, ob-
serving, and scientific of their number.
We may well count it, sir, among the consola-
tions of this hour, that he was permitted by a
kind Piovidence, after so long a detention amid
these scenes of strife, to revisit his native fields,
to die beneath his own roof, surrounded by his
family and friends, and to lie down at last beneath
the soil which he had adorned with his hand,
and which was so dear to his heart.
In the beautiful village in which he lived, and
which is now the scene of so much unaffected sor-
row for his loss, I venture to say that no sod will
be kept greener than that which covers his ashes,
and that his name will long be sadly but fondly
associated with u the Flowerof Essex."
Mr. CHANDLER-. I have waited till the mem-
bers of the Massachusetts delegation should have
given expression to the feeling which the death of
their colleague (and such a colleague) must natural-
ly inspire. It seemed to me to be a sort of sacrilege
to anticipate their lamentation, or to break the
chain of communication by which from mouth to
mouth the voice of sorrow and of eulogy had ut-
terance. it must be that these home-companions
of the deceased have deeper griefs than the com-
parative stranger, and I am not one who would in-
vade the holy rights of sorrow. But, Mr. Speaker,
it would, I think, be injustice to our late fellow-
member—to the claim which his abundant virtues
had upon the respect of all with whom he was in
any way associated—to imagine that the afflictive
rod of Providence had not reached beyond the
State of which the deceased was one of the Rep-
resen'atives in this House.
Wherever the Hon. Daniel P. King cultivated
an acquaintance he made a fiiend; and though he
was not ambitious of enlarged social intercourse,
yet the public positions to which he was called,
and the fidelity with which he discharged all the
duties connected with these trusts, extended his
connections and multiplied the number of those
who admired his character and rejoiced m his dis-
tinction. And that circumstance, sir, has bowed a
thousand hearts to the blow which Providence has
inflicted in the d«ath of our lamented friend. On
that ground, sir, I speak, not for myself alone, nor
to occupy the attention of this House with any
• expression of my proper sorrows; but in this
solemn moment, when the eyes of the House are
turned towards the seat now left vacant, to say that
the associates—the household companions—the
members of the mess of which Mr. King formed
a part—have a peculiar grief in the deprivation
which his death has brought. We had found him,
sir, accomplished in all the riches of classic study,
and able to command, for the delight of social in-
tercourse, the tieasures of science and the arts,
while his attainments, and the profitable use to
which he could apply them, were exhibited with a
modesty that seemed to be alarmed at the admira-
tion which such attainments and such a use of
them naturally excited.
The honorable gentleman who announced to
this House the fearful intelligence upon which we
are now acting:, and the honorable gentleman
who followed htm, took occasion to say, that Mr.
King, though enjoying the advantages of high
collegiate education, declined professional pursuits
that |ie might indulge his taste for Agriculture;
and it was with his landed estate as with his men-
tal gifts, it was not the bate possession that he
prized, but the improvement; nothing with him re-
mained unproductive—the wide-spread furm, the
well-stored intellect, and the treasures of domestic
affection, year by year augmented in beauty and
usefulness, by well directed skill and careful culti-
vation.
Mr. King, sir, wasa gentleman—a centleman of
that school which teaches self abnegation when
the feelings and views of others are concerned.
The apparent diffidence of his manners for a mo-
ment concealed the merit which lay beneath, but
the solid, substantial qualities of his heart, and the
full cultivation of his intellect, combined with the
gentleness of his manners and the purity of his
moral", to insure in a little time the respect and
the affection of his associates.
Mr. King, sir, was a christian. The virtues to
which I have already alluded, owed their greatest
attraction to the christian spirit in which they
originated, and in which they were exhibited.
He was kind and forbearing; watchful over his
own words and manners; and ever prompt to
aid, by all appropriate means, those whose con-
dition appealed to his superior attainments or
larger possessions And the bland courtesy of the
gentleman blended in perfect harmony with the
meekness and purity of the christian. And if \
were ealled on to present, from public life, the true
exemplification of the christian gentleman, I know
of no character 'hat would more beautifully illus-
trate the idea and supply the model than that of
Daniel P. King.
The loss which theCommonwealth of Massachu-
setts sustains in the death of such a son and such
a Representative, has been eloquently set forth by
some of those who shared with him'the honor of
that representation, and who shared among them-
selves the delight of his association.
The terrible affliction that has made desolate the
home of those that gathered into the domestic cir-
cle of the deceased, is not to be described. The
arm upon whi^h filial reverence leaned with confi-
dence is palsied by death—the heart, which the
purest affections shared, has ceased to beat; and
sorrow that springs from such a visitation, is too
sanctified for us to disturb—the expression of sym-
pathy itself mia;ht be an intrusion.
We have lost from our midst, Mr. Speaker, one
who did honor to his association—he is the first in-
deed that has fallen arnon? us, but we cannot con-
ceal the monitory fact, that he has been swept away
by a disease that is prevalent around us, and among
us, and yesterday, when the news of the death of
our late colaborer reached this House, some of us
who speak, and many who listen, were startled,
not only with the painful intelligence, but with the
consciousness of bending beneath the very dis-
ease which has deprived our House of so useful a
member, and the nation of so faithful a servant
May we not hope, Mr. Speaker, that the hand
of afflictive Providence, thus visible among us,
wili direct us to a more faithful discharge of the
high duties imposed upon us; and that while we
pause to do honor to the memory of so good a
man, we shall resolve to dedicate our services more
effectually to the nation, and in our grief, to bury
our passions, our pride, and our selfishness.
One word more, Mr. Speaker, and I will cease
to trespass on the patience, or to tax the courtesy
of this House. One word more, and I will ur it^
with you and my brother memhers, in the adop-
tion of those resolutions which give expression to
our feelings on this painful bereavement, and then
we will separate, that we may, in silence and soli-
tude, extract from this Providence the benefits
which it is capable of conferring by a right use.
There are few in this Hall, I imagine, Mr.
Sneaker, who had not some knowledge of the
character of the deceased; and none, I venture to
say, who bad not a respect for him just in propor-
tion to that knowledge. I confess that, though
older than he, I had learned to love the man for
the beautiful simplicity of his character, to ad-
mire him for his social virtues, and to respect him
for his enviable attainments. The friendship which
was consequent upon intercourse, was a prize
which made life delightful, and the pain conse-
quent upon his unexpected death deprives the grief
of utterance. I was proud of his friendship as I
was covetous of his intercourse. He was kind in
granting both to me;
" But greater gifts were his—a happier doom,
A brighter genius, arid a purer heai t;
A fate more envi  d, and an earlier tomb."
The question was then taken on the resolutions,
and they were unanimously agreed to.
And the House accordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 27, 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
credentials of the Hon. Thomas Ewing, appointed
by the Governor of Ohio to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of the Hon. Thomas
Corwin. Mr. Ewing, having been duly qualified, -
took his seat.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN,
Ordered, That Lemuel R. Lincoln have leave to with-
draw his papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS, in pursuance of notice, intro-
duced the folio-wing resolution:
Resolved, That the following be and the same is adopted
as a standing rule of the Senate:
"That tlie " previous question" shall he admitted when de-
manded by a majority of the members of the Senate pres-
ent; arid it-s tffect *hall be to put an end to all debate, aid
bring the Senat- to a direct vote—1st, upon a motion to
commit, if such motion shall have been made; and tf tt. s
motion does not prevail, then, 2d, upon amendments re-
ported by a committee, if any; then, 3,1, upon pending
amendments ; and finally, where such question s-hall have
been decided, or where none shall have been offered, 'or
where none may he pending, then it shall be upon the
main question or questions leading directly to a final de-
cision of the subject matter pending before the Senate. On
a moiion tor the previous question, and prior to the second-
ing ol the Shine, h call oi the Senate shall be in order; but
after a majority shall have seconded such motion, no call
shall he in order prior to a deci-ion of ihe main question.
On a previous question there shall be no debate. All inci-
dental questions of order arising altera motion shall have
been made for the previous que&lion, and pending >ueh
motion, shall be decided, whether on appeal or otherwise,
without debate."
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Pxint-
ing, to whom was referred the motion to print the
message of the President concerning Lieutentant
Webster's report, reported in favor of printing the
same; which was agreed to.
OBITUARY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by the Clerk, announcing the
death of the Hon. Daniel P. King, a member of
the House from the State of Massachusetts, and
the proceedings had thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
in listening to the painful intelligence which has
been announced to us by the message from the
House, I may be pardoned if 1 give utterance to,
feelings in which I am sure many will sympathize.
The grave should not close over the remains of a
co-laborer so pure in heart, and so upright in pur-
pose, without some expression of our sense of his
merit—of our regret at his decease—of our sym-
pathy with his surviving friends.
I have known Mr. King for many years; and,
without entering into the details of a life usefully
and honorably spent, I may observe that he was a
graduate of Harvard University, in his native
State, but, unlike most persons who go through
that course of education, instead of engaging in
professional pursuits, he devoted himself to Agri-
culture. In this employment upon his own estate
m Danvers, he will be long remembered for the
zeal with which he prosecuted his business, and
the influence which he exercised m promoting and
encouraging useful improvements jn the art of
husbandry.
His character and intelligence in the pursuit
which he had chosen to be the business of his life
combined to recommend him for places of public
trust and confidence. His townsmen frequently
elicited him to represent them in the Legislature of
theCommonwealth, and he was once chosen to
preside over the House as its Speaker, He was
also elected by the county of Essex one of its
Senators, and was, during his service in that body,
made its presiding officer. In these stations he
acquitted himself in a manner so creditable that,
in a district distinguished for gentlemen of learn-
ing and other intellectual accomplishments, he
was selected as a candidate for Congress, and
had, when brought to his untimely end, entered
upon a fourth period of service. Honored as he
had been with many and repeated marks of confi-
dence by those who knew best his worth, still his
rural pursuits had stronger charms than public
life, and it was his purpose to leave these cham-
bers at the end of this Congress to enjoy the
pleasures of his farm and his home.
Mr. President, death has disappointed these
anticipations. He who was with us, uniting in
our counsels, only a few days ago, has left a seat
vacant and gone to his account.
While we were gathering round the bier of that
great and good man of whose counsels we have
been recently bereaved, he embraced the opportu-
nity afforded by a suspension of business to visit
his family. While at his home, and in the midst
of those most dear to him, he was seized with the
| disease which terminated his life.
I Many greater men have died, but few better—
