1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
The power now claimed of making new States
under the spontaneous action of the people of a
teiritory is foreign to the Constitution; but when
it is recollected that this power must be under the
influence of Executive suggestion—indeed, under
the moulding influence of one of the departments of
this Government that must always be under a
strong; influence to give itself strength or historical
popularity, or even ephemeral popularity—it is time
we should look to-consequences. I do not say
that the present Executive and his Cabinet have
been influenced by such considerations. I have
no reason to suppose so. But I ask, who may not
be tempted to take advantage of them hereafter?
He that makes a precedent of to-day ought to look
to its consequences in the history of to-morrow.
I wish that it was in the power of to-day to see the
consequences of to-morrow. I hope I may say
that I plant myself upon principle; I am sure I act
from no personal resentment or objections. I cer-
tainly can have no personal motive to reject the
constitution of California, or to oppose those who
came here under its authority. I do not know the
Representatives; and my knowledge of the Sena-
tors is entirely prepossessing—perhaps more than
that, if I weie to yield to mere personal considera-
tions. One of the Senators elect is from my own
State; and it must be conceded that he is a gentle-
man of enterprise and ability, and the trust re-
posed in him is a worthy commentary from those
who have sent him here. The other gentleman is
not unknown to our legislative history, and has a
claim on our favorable consideration. Indeed, I
have no cause to distrust them, individually, in any
of our controversies On tl'.o contrary, I would
trust them to-morrow, whilst I would not trust to
the precedent t-hat would give their successors
power hereafter.
A majority is rarely indifferent to the counsels
of expediency; and when personal influence is
brought in as a powerful auxiliary, expediency
usually prevails. I see its influence now, and I
see those urging this measure that once looked
upon California with scorn. I have always re-
garded her as requiring the moulding influence of
a territorial government more than any other; and
I am consistent m saying now that she has a right
to no other; and to submit to any other would be
to submit to the Wilmot proviso, under its most
dangerous sanctions—under sanctions that make
a precedent dangerous and unparalleled in the
history of the country, and one which a majority
alone can resist, and which a minority is called on
to submit to in violation of usage, precedent, and
constitutional obligation. Should these measures
go on, they must have a result—a result for which
I cannot answer so far as it regards the southern
States. The new confederates that will come into
the Confederacy may have souihern affinities, and
may never be willing to oppose the justice of con-
stitutional prescription. But they cannot control
the elements of power of which they constitute a
part. They will go to swell a majority, evua
now, without veto or control, and, almost from
necessity, will have to art with it. And when I
see that the constituents of that majoiity will be
a combination of interests to make war upon south-
ern institutions, I would not be a faithful sentinel
were I not to raise my voice. What influence it
may exert I cannot tell. The southern States
have their rights, and, if they are not degenerate,
they will maintain them. They avow—and will,
I think, put everything to hazard to maintain—-
the doctrine of equality. Yes, sir, equality—1
repeat it, equality. That is a sentiment not de-
pending on the cold definition of selfish logic.
The southern people wish to have an opportunity,
under the obligations of honor, to engage as equals
in ail wars, in all struggles for national aggran-
dizement, and to believe that, in eligibility, they
are not to be looked upon as inferiors to other
aspiiants, and that they have the same rights now
as they had when their ancestois formed the Gon-
^They never can acquiesce in the doctrine which
a northern majority is attempting to force upon
them—that in all future acquisitions of territory,
as well as that which has been acquired, they aie
to be excluded under any implication that they are
not equally worthy with those who assume a su-
pciionty over them. If there should be a war,
they wish to have a share in its hazards and its
triumphs. But, under the doctrines that have been
avowed, how can they take commissions, or enlist
as soldiers, to carry on a war for their degradation
and disfranchisement?
Different regiments are engaged. The one from
the South takes the front, and has its ranks thinned
by the intrepidity of its movements; the fuller
ranks of its noithern associate claims all the
honors, so far as they can be conferred by the
Federal Government. All the efforts in Congress
to prohibit slavery from the Mexican territories
are made to establish a doctrine—a doctrine under
which southern institutions must not only crumble,
but under which southern men must be made to
understand, that hereafter they hold their fran-
chises by sufferance, and that, so far as it regards
the high Federal honors, they are to be excluded,
unless they acquiesce in northern affinities, and,
indeed, unless they acknowledge northern doc-
trines, and seek preferment through northern in-
fluence. Can such a Government last? If it can,
it must be under the influence of an irresponsible
despotism, sustained by popujar professions and
the yielding facility of ephemeral demagogues.
Degeneracy and desertion may be the elements of
such results. That calculation has been made
from high quarters—can I suppose it will not be
refuted ? Justice may obviate the anticipated re-
sults to which 1 have alluded, and 1 now close with
this remark: Gentlemen of the majority, you may
presume too much on the name of the Union; you
have it in your power to preserve it, and if it is
destroyed, it wilt be by a blind temerity or by self-
ish design. I thought I foresaw, and more than
once have said, that these acquisitions of territory
would bring with them the elements of discord, to
put in jeopardy this Union. Our duly now is to
look to'the future, and not to the past, and the fu-
ture developments of the country will make an
eventful history.
Mr. BADGER. I desire, sir, to state some
difficulties which I feel in voting for the instruc-
tions moved by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, by which the Committee on the Territories
is to be directed to bring in a bill for the admission
of the State of California into the TTnion. I say
difficulties, which, as they must now prevent me
from supporting those instructions, must also, un-
less they can be satisfactorily removed in my
mind, prevent me, in any future stage of this pro-
ceeding, from voting*for the admission of that
State. ° What 1 have to state, Mr. President, has
been in part referred to by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] And, al-
though I do not think it at all necessary on this
occasion to go into the discussion, as he has, of
this question of slavery, in which almost every
subject of discussion which comes under the con-
sideration of the Senate either begins or ends, yet
allow me to remark, that, for the difficulty in
which we all feel ourselves to be involved upon
this great and agitating subject, which is now
shaking this Union from one extremity to the
other—for the serious, almost awful prospect
which we have before us of danger, either from
actual disruption, or from the severance of those
ties of mutual affection and confidence which
should bind us into one truly-united people—let
me say, that for this I am not responsible.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] says that when this treaty was un-
der consideration he foresaw the difficulty that
would grow out of territorial acquisitions. Now,
sir, if that honorable Senator, and two other gen-
tlemen upon this floor, on either side of the cham-
ber, foreseeing these same difficulties, and acting
under the just and natural influence of that fore-
sight, had'united in the support of the amendment
upon the Senate that, by the acquisition of this
territory, we were bringing a firebrand into the
Union. Gentlemen will remember it. I am sure
the Senator frovn Mississippi [Mr. Foote] re-
members it. I then said that, notwithstandiigthe
opinions I entertained with regard to the origin of
the war, believing, as I then did—believing I said
it—that in its origin it was unnecessary, and in its
purposes unjust, I would rather consent to wage
that war for ten years ttian to end it by the acqui-
sition of any territory which was to produce an
internal disquiet and contest through the whole
extent of our country. I have no right at all to
complain of any gentleman upon this floor, who
entertained- different opinions with regard to the
war, because he voted against striking out the ac-
quisition of territory, or because he voted for the
acquisition of territory; but surely I had some
reason to be surprised, when gentlemen sympathi-
zing with me in opinion, looking forward to this
present contest, realizing the necessity for such a
course as would avoid it, refused at the moment
the sanction of their additional votes, which, had
they been given, sir, I hazard nothing in saying
that the difficulty We have now to contend with
would never have been upon this Union—at all
events not in our day. The vote stood upon that
amendment 35 to 15. Two votes taken from the
35 and added to the 15 would have reduced the
majority voting against striking out to less than
two-thirds, and so have carried the amendment.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Berrien! did me
the honor on that occasion to second and support
the views, and to adopt in substance the argument
I had offered, as his first reason for not being able
to*vote for the ratification of the treaty with this
acquisition of territory.
1 have no disposition to refer to matters of that
kind, or to dwell upon them now; and I therefore
procced, as I intended when I rose, to state the
objections which I feel—and- strong objections
they are, sir—to the admission of the State of
California into this Union at this time and under
present circumstances, and which must constrain
I me to vote against the instructions moved by the
i honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.]
i In the first place, sir, it cannot be denied that
jthis application comes before us under circum-
' stances unprecedented in the history of this coun-
' try. Other Territories, it is true, have first moved,
in the matter of their admission into the Union;
and, without being authorized by a previous act
of Confess, have formed a constitution and ap-
plied for such admission. But the circumstances
were altogether different in many respects.^ To
take a single example—the State of Michigan.
That State belonged to a territory which had a
right to admission. It formed a portion of terri-
tory which became the property of the United
States upon the express condition that it should
be admitted into this Union. In the next place,
that was an organized territory, and had a territo-
rial government; and that, in my view, is a matter
of vast importance in this question.
What is a territorial government? What is ^
any government? It is an organization of an
otherwise unorganized population into a political
community. It is that which makes ot^ such a.
population an organized body, enabling it to act
as one whole, and bringing its several individual
members, before an unformed mass, into one po-
litical association, State, or body politic. It ascer-
tains what oersons among that people represent
and shall have a right to speak the voice of the
whole. Merely being upon a territory gives not
necessarily a right to be consulted in the d^sposi-
to be made affecting the destinies or the
would never have been upon us.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not allude to the discus-
sion or votes upon the treaty, but just before that.
When the treaty was before us, the only way to
■ : --    We had
was
get through it was to sign the treaty. We
got far enough in before that. What I wanted
to get out. [Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. Well, Mr. President, so far
as that matter is concerned, I stand clear of all re-
sponsibility. I had nothing to do with getting us
into the difficulty. I had nothing to do with the
admission of Texas, which resulted in the war, or
with the acquisition with which the war termi-
nated. The question upon the treaty was before the
Senate. I proposed my amendment, and, with
whatever power 1 possessed, endeavored to enforce
try, however adopted, settles in whom the power
I to represent the community shall reside who
shall speak the voice of the community and say
that this State, or this political association, wills
! that such and such things shall be done, by col-
lecting and declaring, in due form, the public sen-
timent of the whole. „„,„u
Now, sir, every Territorial
lished by Congress emanates from the sovereign
power, and receives an authority over the Terri-
torv That sovereign power has a right-to fix
aws for its government, has a right to prescribe
the form and manner, and the only form and man-
ner, in w%hich it shall be recognized as any other
than a mere mass of human beings together. By
this form of government, proceeding from this
