THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2-9,
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper he authorized" to employ
two scavengers and one messenger, in addition to the num-
ber at present provided for by,the resolutions of the House.
Objections were made.
Mr. McD. moved to suspend the rules for the
reception of the resolution.
Mr. CARTTER wished to move an am end-
ipen t.
The SPEAKER said, no amendment was in
order, the resolution not having been received.
Mr. CARTTER called for the reading of the
amendment.
The SPEAKER said, it could only be read by
the unanimous consent.
Objections were made."
The question was taken on suspending the rules,
and decided in the negative.
So the resolution was not receive^.
Mr. BURT asked the unanimous consent of the
House to submit a motion, that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the bill entitled "An act to increase
the Commissariat of the United States Army."
He asked it merely, that the bill might take its
place on the Speaker's table. It was not his inten-
tion to ask action upon the bill now.
Mr, JONES objected.
Mr. BURT moved that the rules be suspended
for the purpose.
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
CALIFORNIA THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. WENTWORTHasked the general consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Cong ess ouaht not to fix the day for the
adjournment of the present session until the California
. question glial) be disposed of, and the general appropriation
bills passed.
Mr. GREEN" and others objected.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved to suspend the
rules for the reception of the resolution, and de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROBINSON moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER said, a motion to lay on the
table was not in order, the resolution not having
been received.
The yea« and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was read.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, (two-thirds not voting therefor,) yeas 99,
nays 83; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashmnn, Baker, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Biasell, Bokee, Booth, W J. Brown, Buel,
Burrow*, T. B. Butler, J. C;ib!e, Calvin, Campbell, Canter,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Coiwm, Dim-
miok, Di-ney, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham. Dur-
Nathan Evan*, Fitch, Fowler, Gerrv, GMmore, Goode-
now, Gorman, Goit, Gould, Hnllnway, Harlan, Thomas L.
Harms, Hi-bard, Henry, Htbbard, Hoagland, Howe, Hunter,
wihihm T. Jackson, Julian, James G. King, John A- Kin?,
Preston King, LittluiieUl, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Malte-
son, MrCleruand, McGuuahey, McKissock, McLanabsm,
Meacham, Morn*, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Peaslee, Puck, Pit-
man, Potter, Putnam, Rt'ed, Richardson, Rtsley, Rook-
well^Roor, Rimisey, Saeketf, Snhfrmerhorn, Sehonlerftfr.
Silvester, Spauldmjf, Sprague, Thaddous Stevens, Stetson,
Taylor, James Thompson, Underbill, Walden, Waldo,
WV-ntworth, White, Wbitriesey, Wildnck, Wilmot, Win-
thiop. Wood, and Younir—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Albm on, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Averett, Bay, Bayly, Bnwdon, Boyd, Breck, Bri^s,
Brooks, Buit, Chester Butler, E. C. Cabell, George"A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clingman, Williamson R,
W. Cobb, Conger, Daniel, Deberrv, Edmundsori, Ewm«,
Featherston, Freedley, Gidduigs, Greene. Hall, Hamilton,
Haralson, Tshain G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris*, H^yrnond
Hiltiard, Hoiladay, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hubbard!
Inje, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Roheit W. Johnson, Jones Kaufman, Kerr, La
S&r«, Leffler, Marshall, Mason, McDonald, McDowell
Finis E. McLtan, McQueen, McWilhe, Morse, Morton'
Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell. Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd. Frederick P. Stanton,
Riehaid H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke,
Vena'de, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, and Williams—<33.
So the rules were not suspended.
EARLY ADJOURNMENT.
Mr, ROBINSON asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolve>it That the soonest way to effect the passage of
the appropriation hills, and the admission of California. is
to fix an early day for adjournment,
[Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made a report.]
Objection was made to the reception of the res-
olution.
Mr. ROBINSON asked the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House will come to order.
Gentlemen are requested to resume their seats, to
suspend conversation, and to observe order.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and they were refused.
And the question, "Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative, two-
thirds not voting therefor.
So the rules were not suspended—
And the resolution was not introduced.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion, which he sent to the Clerk's table,giving no-
tice at the same time that, if objection was made,
he should move that the rules be suspended to en-
able him to introduce the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President of
the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tive*, adjourn their respective Houses dne die, on the first
Monday of September next, at twelve o'clock, m.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER said, is there any objection?
Several members objected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved that the
rules be suspended for the purpose of enabling
him to introduce the resoluipn, and asked the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The question being put, the Speaker said, a suf-
ficient number had not voted to order the yeas and
nays. *
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Duncan and
Mc&ueen.)
The question was again put, and forty-one mem-
bers voted in favor of the years and nays.
So they were ordered.
And the question, " Shall the rules be sus-
pended ?" was then taken.
Before the vote was announced—
Mr. BOCOCK rose and addressed the Speaker,
(as if to vote.)
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bocock] within the bar when his
name was called ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I was not within the bar.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman is not
entitled to vote.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am aware of that fact, but I
desire to say, that had I been in my seat I should
have voted " aye," as £ shall do upon every mo-
tion to adjourn.
The result was announced—yeas 86, nays 99;
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Ashmnn, Averett, Bay, Baylv, Bowdon, Breck, Brigss,
Burr, Thorna* B. Bntfer, E C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George
A Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clmaman, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Daniel, Deberry. Edmundson, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Ewing. Fealher*ton, Gilmore, Gorman,
Green. Halt, Hamilton, Haralson, l^ham G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hoagland, Hoiladay, Houston, Howard,
Hubbard, Inee, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
James L. J hn«on, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Kaufman, La S&re, Offler, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason,
McDonald, McGaughey, Finis E. McLran, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, ftlorehead, Morris, Morse, Ogle,
Olds, Orr, Parker, Powell, R<;rd, Robinson, Rockwell,
Ross, Savage, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Underhill, "Van
D\ke, Variable, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, and Wil-
liam'!—86.
NAYS—Messts. Alexander, Baker, Bennett, Bingham,
Bissell, Bokee. Booth, Boyd, Brooks, William J. Brown,
Buel, Burrows, Clie-ter Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Conrad, Oor-
wtn, Crowe!!, Dimrmck, Disney. Dixon, Doty, Duer. Dun-
can, Dunham, Durkee, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Gerry,
Gtddings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Hallow av, Harlan. Tho-
mas L. Harris, Havmond, Henry, Hibbard, Hilhaid, Howe,
Hunter, William T. Jackson, Kerr, James G. King, John
A. King, Preston King, Levin, Horace Mann, Matteson,
McClernand, McDowell, MoICi^ock, Meacham, Morton,
Netaon, Otis, Outlaw, Pea^lee, Peck, Pitman, Putnam,
Richardson, Risley, Robbins, Root, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shopperd, Silvester, Spauldhtg.
s^prague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetspr'
Taylor, J. B. Thompson, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth,
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilinot, Winthrop, Wood,
and Young—99. '
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
Mr. CARTTER called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call o£ the States for petitions. But,
by the rules of the House, motions to suspend the
rules are in order to-day.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. POTTER (under instructions from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads)
asked the unanimous consent of the House to
introduce a resolution providing that the bill here-
tofore reported from that Committee, to reduce
and modify the rates of postage, be made the spe-
cial order of the day for the second Monday of
August, (two weeks from this day.)
Objection was made.
Mr. POTTER moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. CONGER asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
And the yeas and nays were refused.
And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
ed ?" was taken and decided in the negative, (two-
thirds not voting in the affirmative.)
_ So the rules were not suspended, and the resolu-
tion was not received.
Mr. WHITE inquired whether it would now
be in order to move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of going- into Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union?
The SPEAKER said, that motion would be in
order.
Mr. WHITE made the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked him to withdraw.
Mr. WHITE declined.
And the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky, in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
The regular business before the committee was
the special message of the President of the United
States relating: to California, &c.
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay aside the message,
and take up the bill No. 208.
Several voices. What is the bill ?
Mr. BAYLY. It is the bill making appropri-
ations for revolutionary pensions.
Mr. THURSTON inquired of the Chairman
whether the motion to lay aside was debatable.
The CHAIRMAN replied that no question re*
lating to the priority of business was debatable.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the resolution heretofore adopted by the House,
by which debate on the California message had
been terminated, <fec.
The order was read.
Mr. KING now made^the point of order, that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was acting under this order—that it gave
express instructions to the committee to act upon
and dispose of the subject to which it referred, and
that it was not, therefore, in order to proceed to
other business.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. KING appealed from the decision.
Some conversation followed on the point of or-
der, between Mr. Jones and the Chair.
Mr. McMULLEN desired to be informed by
the Chair, whether there was not some rule which
gave priority to appropriation bills? If so, he
asked that it might be read.
The CHAIRMAN. There is such a rule.
Mr. McMULLEN. I ask that it maybe read.
Some further conversation followed on the point
of order, between Mr. Jones, Mr. Preston King,
and the Chair.
The Clerk then read the following rule;
c'No. 135. In Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in
their order on the calendar; but when objection is made to
the consideration of a bill, a majority of the committee
shall decide, without debate, whether it shall be taken up
and disposed of, or laid ande : provided, that genual ap-
propriation bills, and, in time of war, bills for rainng men
or money, arid bills concerning a treaty of peace, shall be
preferred to all othf>rbill«,at the discretion of the commit ee,
and when demanded by any member, the question shall
first be put in regard to them."
Mr. PRESTON KING asked that the rule au-
thorizing the House to make the order to which
he had referred might be read.
The CHAIRMAN directed it to be read.
Mr. CASEY" (whilst the Clerk was turning to
the rule) asked for the reading of the following
rule; which was read:
« No 80. General appropriation bills shall be in order in '
preference to any other bills of a public nature, unless other-
wise ordered by a majority of the House."
^ Mr. BAYLY suggested, that when the defi-
ciency bill was taken up in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, this precise ques-
