1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion arose, and a very large majority decided that
the motion to lay aside was in order.
The Clerk then read the rule, as follows:
"No standing rule or order of the Hou«e shall be re-
scinded or changed, without one day's notice being given
of the motion therefor; nor shall any rule be suspended ex-
cept by a vote of at least two-thirds of the members present;
nor shall the order of business, as established by the rules,
be postponed or changed, except by a vote of at least two-
thirds of the inembeis present. The House may, at any
time, by a vote of a majority of the members present, sus-
pend the rules and orders, tor the purpose of going into the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union;
and nteo for providing for the discharge of the Committee of
the Whole House, and the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union, from the further consideration of
any bill referred to it, after acting without debate on all
amendments pending, and that may be offered."
The question on the appeal was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 114, noes 12.
So the decision was sustained, and the motion
of Mr Bayly was decided to be in order.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the said
motion—
Tellers were asked and ordered," and Messrs.
Waldo, and Harris of Tennessee, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the Tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 86.
So the committee refused to lay aside the Cali-
fornia message, and bill.
CALIFORNIA.
So the President's message upon the subject of
California, and the bill to admit the State of Cali-
fornia into theUnion, which had reposed without
disturbance in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union since the loth ultimo, again
came up in order.
The general debate had been closed, and the
committee had been engaged in voting upon and
discussing amendments under the five minutes rule.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. .GREEN had moved the following amend-
ment; which was read:
Ptooidcd, however, That the southern boundary of the
State of California shall be the parallel of lautu ie of thirty-
six degrees and thirty minutes: Jliul provided,further, That
the Juie of ihirtys'x degrees and thirty Minutes of north
latitude, known "as the Missouri compromise lme,as defined
by the eighth s -.ction of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the people of the Missouri Teiritory to form a constitution
arid Sta«e government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an tqual footing with the original States,
and to prohibit slavery m certain territories," approved
March sixth,eighteen hundred and twenty,be,and the.~ame
is hereby, declared to extend to the Pacific ocean, and that
said eighth section, together with the compromise therein
effected, is hereby revived, and declared to he in full Ibrce
and binding for the future organization of the teriitories of
the United States, in the same sense and with the same
understanding with which it was originally adopted; and
upon the ratification of the boundaries of the State of Cali-
fornia, as hereby limited and declared by the people of said
State, and in such manner as the Legislature thereof may
propose, the admission of said State into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States, shall, by proclamation-
Of the President, be delared complete.
Mr. INGE had moved to amend this amend-
ment, as follows:
Prouded, That the people of any portion of said territory,
when assembled in convention in pursuance of constitutional
authority to flame a Slate constitution, have the right to
adopt or exclude African slavery, and their determination
of this question, either by the adoption or exclusion of Afri-
can s-lavery, shall be no obstacle to the admission ot such
State into the Union.
The amendment to^thc amendment had been
withdrawn and renewed, (for the purpose of speak-
ing,) by many gentlemen. It was now the first
question pending.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay aside the California
bill, and take up the bill making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, for the year endingSOth June, 1851.
Mr. CARTTER made the point, that the mo-
tion was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and ruled the motion out of order.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GORMAN remarking that he believed the
^amendment was last in his hands, said he did not
^withdraw it. He wanted a vote.
Mr. INGE asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Ogle and
Wallace, were appointed.
Mr, KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
amendment.
The amendment was read.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative,—ayes 88, noes 49.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN proposed to modify his amend-
ment as amended, to read as follows:
Provided, however, That the southern boundary of the
State of California shall be the parallel of latitude of thirty-
six degrees and ihirty minutes; and upon the ratification of
the boundaries of the State of California, as hereby limited
and declared by the people of said State, m such manner as
the Legislature thereof may propose, the admission of said
State into the Union on an equal footing with the original
States, shall, by proclamation of the President, be declared
complete. And -provided^further, That the line of thirty-six.
degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude, known as the
Missouri compromise line, as defined by the eighth section
of an act entitled "An act to authorize the people of the
Missouri Territory tofoun a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of *.uch State into the Union
un an equal footing with the original States, and to prohibit
slavery in certain territories," approved March sixth, eigh-
teen hundred and twentv, be, and the same is hereby, de-
clared to extend to the Pacific ocean, and the said eighth
bection, together with the compromise therein effected,
is hereby revived, and declared to be in full force and
binding for the future organization of the territories of the
United States8, m the tame sense and with the same under-
standing with which it was originally adopted.
This modification, he said, would enable the
committee to vote separately upon the question of
extending the Missouri compromise line through
the Territory, and through the Siate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, objected to
the modification, and raised the point of order,
that the gentleman had no power to make it. He
stated, that, in his opinion, the modification would
materially change the character of the amendment,
and explained in what respect.
Mr. GREEN proposed to explain the purport
of his modification.
The CHAIRMAN said he could do so only by
general consent. In the opinion of the Chair,
from the opportunity he had for examination, the
modification did not materially affect the forcc of
the amendment.
Mr. GREEN said he would move a pro forma
amendment, to enable him to explain his proposed
modification.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, called for
the reading of the amendment as it now stood, and
as it would be, if the gentleman were allowed to
modify it.
The amendment, in both forms, was read.
Mr. GREEN explained, that the modification
in no manner affected the sense or meaning of the
amendment. It was a mere transposition of words,
required by the symmetry and congruity of the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, insisted on
the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. STEVENS appealed from the decision.
Mr. CLINGMAN suggested, that if the modifi-
cation could not be received, as such, the gentle-
man might offer an amendment to the same effect.
The question, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and the vote stood, ayes 40, noes 65.
No quorum voting, Tellers were called for.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, insisted on
the enforcement of the rules.
Tellers were appointed, (Messrs Ewing and
Halloway.)
The question was then again taken, and the vote
stood, yeas 29, noes 81.
Still no quorum voting. The roll was then called.
The committee rose and reported the names of
the absentees to be entered upon the Journal.
A quorum having answered to their names,
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat.
Mr. MASON moved that the committee rise,
for the purpose (he said) of offering a resolution.
He said they had been engaged long enough in
ineffectual efforts to make a settlement of the
slavery question; he proposed the following plan:
Resolved, That a committee of thirty-one be appointed
to report by bill, or otherwise, as speedily as possible, a ju-
dicious adjustment, m accordance with justice and the
Constitution, of all the matters involving the c'slavery
question,"' as connected with the admission of States, or
the formation of governments for the Territories of the
United States.
The question being on the motion to rise,
Mr. MASON asked for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negati ve.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. GREEN withdrew his proposal to modify,
remarking that he had no feeling* upon the sub*
ject.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Green as amended—
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Green, as follows:
Strike out the words " in the same sense and
with the same understanding with which it was
originally-vadopted," and insert in lieu thereof the
words: "prohibiting slavery north and permit-
ting it south of the line aforesaid, until the people
are authorized to form a State government."
Mr. M. said, that the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr Green]
establishes the compromise line of 1820 to the
Pacific, but leaves the effect to be produced by
this act so ambiguous as to require some further
and more definite expression of its meaning. The
passage of the gentleman's amendment would im-
port a compromise, but we should hereafter dispute
as to terms and their effect; therefore, to avoid
such misfortune, I suggest the amendment under
consideration. We owe the duty to ourselves and
to our constituents to act in this matter plainly—-
to leave no room for misconstruction. I want no
point to hang a doubt upon. It is contended that
the local law—the law of Mexico—now prohibits
slavery in the country acquired under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. If this be so, should we run
the line of 1820 through it, prohibiting slavery
north thereof and saying merely that this act shall
be received m the sense in which the act of 1820
was adopted, I respectfully submit that the acl
will be a vain thing—empty sound—by which the
slaveholding States and free States will be left at
open issue as to its force and effect. I want no de-
cree whose terms are so doubtful that they cannot
be understood If we mean to permit, allow, or
protect slavery in any part of the Territory—if we
mean that the slaveholder may go to the Territory
prior to the adoption of a State constitution, and
carry his slave property thither, let us say so in
terms; and then we shall understand each other.
Then the country will know some quiet. If, on
the other hand, the North intends to deny this
right—to exclude the slaveholder from the Terri-
tory, or even, by refraining from the exercise of
the claimed power, to press the decision of the case
upon the courts, this amendment will be rejected.
For my own part, without a hope, now, of any fair
adjustment of this dispute, I wish only to render
the amendment into an acceptable form, that tho
country may understand our respective positions,
and that we may truly understand each other. I sub-
mit the matter to the judgment of the committee.
Mr. ORR moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and
The CHAIRMAN havin? counted the House,
announced—ayes 21, noes 86; no quorum.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
McQueen and Fowler were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
tee by ayes 12, noes 107, refused to rise.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Marshall.
Mr. SEDDON asked the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] to withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL withdrew it.
Mr. SEDDON (renewing the amendment) said:
I do not perceive the necessity, Mr. Chairman, of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky; for, in my estimation, the language of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Green] sufficiently embodies the
same principle. In heretofore advocating that
amendment, I have certainly understood it in that
sense*, and, indeed, I do not see how the Missouri
compiomise can be reaffirmed and applied to the
new Territories in the sense and spirit of its origin-
al adoption, without thereby recognizing the right
of settlement with slaves south of the line. No
historic fact is more certain than that the Missouri
line was adopted and intended, as it ha.-* ever since
operated, as a compromise—a partition of the
Louisiana acquisition between the slaveholding
and non-slaveholding*sections of the Confederacy.
It is true the right of settlement with slaves south
of the line was not recognized in terms, but only,
as everybody knows, because all the territory
south of that line was subject to the jurisdiction
of a slaveholding community, and under the oper-
ation of laws recognizing and protecting property
in slaves. When, therefore, the amendment «£
