m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tory without said limits of the proposed State of Califor-
nia.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. INGE moved that it be laid upon the table.
Messrs. WENT WORTH ant! GO l'T demand-
ed the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called for the
reading of the resolution, which was again read.
Mr. KAUFMAN". I rise to a question of order.
My point is this: The constitution of California,
with the message of the President communicating
the same, has already, by an order of this House,
been referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Now, sir, 1 deny that the
resolution, just submitted by the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] is in order, without first
reconsidering the vote sending the constitution of
California and the message to the Committee of
the Whole. The House has not the power to
refer the same subject to two different committees
at the same time. This question has passed out
of the control of the House, by being refeired to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and can only be reached by a motion to
discharge said committee from the further consider-
ation of that subject.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
remarking that the question was one for the House
to consider in acting upon the resolution, and not
for the Chair to decide.
Mr. INGE. Before the vote is taken on my
motion to lay the resolution on the table, I move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. McLANE suggested to the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Inge] to withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, because if the previous question
was not seconded the resolution would go over bv
the rule. '
Mr. INGE said he did not want the resolution
to go over.
The question was then taken on the motion that
there be a cnll of the House, and was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 85, noes not counted.
So a call of the House wad ordered.
The Clerk called the roll, and then called over
the names of the absentees.
The SPEAKER announced that 186 members
had answered to their names.
And the SPEAKER thereupon directed the
doors of the Hall to be closed, and said that ex-
cuses for absent members would be received.
Mr. INGb moved that all further proceedings
on the call be suspended.
_ And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative, all further proceeding on the
call were dispensed with.
^Iie question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Inge, that the resolution be laid upon the ta-
ble. 1
The resolution having been again read •
Mr. CLARK asked if it would be in order to
call for the reading of the boundaries?
The SPEAKER said that the reading-would
not bo m order cxcept by unanimous consent, nor
was the Chair aware that the boundaries were be-
fore the House.
The Cj,erk proceeded to call the roll, and one
member had answered-to Ins name, when 
_ Mr. McCLERNAND mquiied whether it was
in order for him to give notice of his intention to
oiler an amendment to the resolution?
SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the amend-
ment which he pioposed to offer might be read for
information.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The call
of the roll has been commenced, and a member
nas answered to his name.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he was upon the
floor and had addiessed the Speaker before any
answer had been given.
The SPEAKER said the proposed amendment
could only be read by unanimous consent.
Objection having been made, the amendment was
not read.
The roll was then called through, and the vote
WvP'TS!Clared t0 be—yeas 70> il£,ys 121; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Alston, Amlcf.-,on, As he, Averelt Gav
Bajly, Beale, Bowdon, Bowhn, Bovtl, Riei-k Alhirt g'
?*'V"'!1 'khwTi' iI"bh,;,rd< 'we, w< wiohn-
S«re,McDSweH it m m °> 0"^ ne6'Ka,irill!,l,-K',rr'1'!l
McWlllie MliJf  ji mi*' « McLean, McQueen,
j Meade, Miller, Millson, Morehead, Morse, Mor-
Feb. 18,
ton, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell, Robbms, Savage,
Seddon, Sbeppeid, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, A. H. Stephens, Thomas,. Jacob Thompson.
John B. Thompson, Tooiribs, Venable, Wallace, Watfuns^
William?, and VVoodwaid—-70.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberfcon, Alexander, Alien, Baker,
Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Bnggs, Brooks, William
J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cat ter, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland,
Cole, Conger, Corwm, Crowell, Dickey, Dumnick, Doty,
Doer, Duncan, Dunham, Dufkee, Nathan Evan-, Fitch,
Powler, Freed ley*, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Guiding, Gtlmore,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grmneil, Hallovvay, 1-Iailan,
Tfooma* L. Harris, Hay, Hebanl, Henry,Hoa lands Houston,
Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Daniel P. King, G«orge G. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Pieston King, Leffler, Lit-
tlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mfison, Matteson, Mc-
Cieriiand, McDonald, MeGaughey,MeKissoek, McLanahan
iVIeacbam, Moore, Nelson, Ogle, Old*, Out, l'ta^lee, Peck,
Phoenix, Pitman, Pottei, Pnrnain, Reynolds, Ricli.udj.on,
llisley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose,Sackelt, Sawtelle,
tfehenck, s?chenwerhoin, Sehuokraft, Silvester, Spalding,
Sprague, Tbaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Svveetser,
Taylor, James Thompson, William Thompson, Thurtnan,
Underbill, Van D\ke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth.
White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Wilson, Wmthiop,
Wood, and Young—121.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid upon the table.
[Mr. Hamilton declined voting to-day, stating
that he had paired off with Mr. R&ed.]
The question then recurred on the demand for
the pteviwus question.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he desired
to give notice tlmt if the previous question was
not sustained, he should ask that certain instruc-
tions which he desired might be read for informa-
tion, should he sent to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The instructions can be read
if no objection is made.
Mr. CARTER objected.
So the instructions were not read. They are
i follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire what agmey tlve PreMdent o! the United State*
or any member of the Cabinet bad in ptompliug the people
of California to excludeslavery fiomsaid Temtory; wheth-
er I. Butler King, W. C<uy Jones, John C. Fi£mont, or any
other pen>on .ictmg or a-f>ummg to act as agent lor the Gov-
ernment .H Washington, dneeilv or itidneetly, oonimu.ii-
ciUed the wishes of the Pie^ident oi Cabinet on the subject
of slavery exclusion m California ; and whethi-r am person
acting or n^uimogto act or speak tm the Government au
Washington, intimated to the people of Calilorma thai io
exclude slavery would facilitate their admt.^sion into the
Union as a faiate; and for uns puipo&e the committee have
power to send loi pei&ons and papci*.
The question then again recurred on the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. ROOT railed Tor tellers, who were ordered;
(and Messrs. Root, of Ohio, and EwiNG.ofTen
nessee, were appointed.)
And the vote, having been taken, stood ayes 98
noes 72.
So there was a second to the demand for the
prev ious question.
And the question then was, "Shall the main
question be now taken
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on that
question.
Mr. JNGE moved that the House do now ad-
journ, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES asked to be excused from votin°-
Mr. JONES, and Mr. BROWN of Mississippi,
asked the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. IxgeJ to withdraw the
motion to adjouin, to enable him (Mr. C.) to
move that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGE declined to withdraw the motion to
adjourn; and renewed his demand for the yeas and !
r.ays on that motion. j
The SPEAKER proceeded toascertain whether !
the requisite number seconded the demand for the
yeas and nays; and it appeared that forty-five had
voted m favor thereof."
( So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. 1 ask to be excused from votinp-.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. 1 ask the yeas aifd
nays.
_ The SPEAKER said that on a motion to ad-
journ a question to be excused from votin^ could
not be taken. °
^ot before the question is taken ?
I lie SPEAKER. No motion can be put while !
the motion to adjourn is pending. 1
Mr. JONES. I appeal from "the decision of the
Ohair.
_ Ihe SPEAKER. Whilst a motion to adjourn
,SC S0e?nr come before the House.
Mr. JON-Eb. Can I not appeal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. JONES. I should like to hear the reasons.
The SPEAKER. If it were otherwise, mo-
tions might be made one after another, and the
House might be kept, voting upon repeated ques-
tions of motions to excuse, and so forth, when a
majority of the House were in favor of adjourn-
ing. The Chair decides that, pending the motion
to adjourn, no other question can he put. As
many as are in favor of adjourning will, when
your names are called, answer " Aye;" those of
the contrary opinion will, when your names are
culled,answer "No." The Clerk will cali the roll.
And the question, 6t Will this House adjourn
was taken and decided in the negative—yeas 43,
nays 155; as follows:
, YEAS—Messrs. Alston, A?he, Aveiett, Beale, Bowdon,
Rreck, A. G. Brown, Burt, Ooieock, Daniel, EdimnuUfm!
Featherston, Sampson W. Harris, Hil)>arrt, Howard, Hub-
, bard, Inge, James L Johnson, Robert W. Johuton,
, K>ir, ha Sero, McDowell, Robert M. McLane, McMullen,
. McQueen, McWiltie, Meado, Millsori, Moinhead, Mor?e,
! Owen, Parker, Powell, Seddon, Alexander H. Stephens,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Venable, WdUace.
Willianis, and Woodward—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Albcrtson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Bay, B.tyly, Bennett, Bingham, Bise-eU,
Booth, Bowhn, Bojd, Brigps, Brooks, William J. Blown,
Buel, Burrows, (;i>estPr Butter, Tliomaa B. But)er, £. Car~
rington Cabell, Joseph Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Jojjepli F.
Caldwell, Campbell, Caiter, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Coiwm,
Crowell, D' bei ry, Diekey, Dimmick, Doty, Dner, Duneau,
Dunham. D ik<je, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans. Ewni"
fitch. Fowler, Pieedtcy, Ful>er, Geoiry. Gerry, Guidm**,
(i?linore, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Green, Grmnell, Hall,
Hailowa.v, Hampton, Harlan, It-ham G. Hairi>, Thomas L.
Hanis, Hay, na>mond,Hebaid, Henry, 1 loagland, Houston,
Howe, Hu.itfr, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Kauf-
man. Daniel P. King, George G. King, Jas. G. Kmc. John A.
Kntg, Preston King, LefBei, Lutlefield, Horace M,inn, Job
Mann, Maj?hall.Mason,Matteson,MeClernand, iVJcOonald,
McGangiiev, MeKi«ock, McLan.ihan, Finis E. McLean,
Meacham, Miller, Moore, Morton,Nelso ,OgW, Olds On-*
Outlaw, Pea-lee, Peck, Phccmx, Pitman, Potter, Putnam,
Revnolds, Richardfaon, Ui>iey, Itobhin®, Itobm^on, Root,
Po-e, ^aokett, Savage. Sawt  He, S< henck, Scbermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shrpperd,Siiveste , Spalding,Sprasue, Stanlv,
FjI'derick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Tliaddeu^ Ste-
ven-, Stetson. Stiong, SttPifcer, TaUoi, John B. 3'ho>np-
son, William Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van D\be
Vmron, W.tlden, Waldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth,
White, Whitrle^y, Wildnck, Wilmot, Wilson, Winthrop,
1 Wood, and Young—153. '
So the House refused to adjonrn.
The question then again recurred, "Shall the
main question be now taken i"
Mr. McCLERNAND again moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. iNGEdemanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. G1DDIJNTGS rose to a point of order. Pie
desired to know if the previous question had not
been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. G1DD1NGS. Seconded? I then wish to
inquire whether it is in order to move to suspend
the rules alter the demand for the previous ques-
tion has been seconded?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion is in oider when it is to suspend the rules
l Sr. "le Purr>ose into Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union, after the previous
J question has been .-econdeii.
II The question, "Will the House resolve itself
!! mto Committee of the Whole on the state of the
|j Union.'" was then taken and decided in the ne a-
Jj tive—yeas 66, nays 109; as follows:
(| R ^ Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett. B.iy,
l; i a-Beale, Bit-sell, Bowdon, Bovvhn, Bojd, Buck, AI-
j! bcit G. Biown, William J. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cab«-||
| Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chngman, W. Rl
1 p ' Cobb Conrad, Darnel, Deberry,"E(]innndsonf
, Kwiiiff, Featherpton, Gfntiv, Green, Hall, Miani G. Harris
; Samps-Oii W. H.irrii, 1 lionws h. Hain , iiavinond, HiHiiud,
, Howard, Ilubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, J.nnes L. John'
snn, Robert VV. Johnson, Junes, Kaufman, Kerr. Lit S£re
Job \!,inn, Mrtr liall, MeClernand, McDowell, MeLam'lun
' Smv'iI >!■ .lif Lcnn, MeMnlleii, MiQueen'
.McVViIlie, Meade, sillier, Mill-on, Morel:end, Morse Mor-
ton, On-, Outlaw, Parker, J'I.elp-, PowtJI. Riciiai<ison. Rob-
f'""''; She [ipeict, Stanly. Fr.rienck P. Stan-
t ?Ir!'a tetanioti, Alexander II. Steplienf, Thomas,
Jacob iHoinpson, John B. Thompson, Toombs Venable,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, Woodward, and
i ounji—c6.
NAYS—Messrs. Alhert^on, Alexander, Allen, Andrpws,
Udker. Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bribes, Brooks, Buel,
B«i row-!-, Chester Butler, Tiiomas B. Butler, Jopeph Cable,
Ca vm CamphPlI, Carter, Chandler, Cla k, Ovelaml!
Lole, Conner, Corwm, Crowell, Dickey, Dimmick, Doty,
Puer, Duncan, Dunham, Dmkee, A. Evans, N. t\a Fitch,
Fovvlcr, Freed ley, Fuller, Gerry, Giddings, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, GriniieJl, Hallo way, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Hcbard,
