378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
power *ho M never h- exerei.-ed by said Corp<>rat>ons in
eontravptitwr) of the lawd and policy of Maryland upon
That many of t!,e non-sMveholding Stales
havmz' rvpe l d thmr laws giving assistance to tile tlave-
hnliitn" States in recovering '■ fugitives from labor," in ac-
cordance with section two, article four, of the Con.-tituuon
of tile United States, and thrown impediments i" the way
of such recovery, it is hereby declared to be the duty of
Consrejs to amend the act of 1793, on tliat subject, in such
* a mSmer as to give full force and effect to said provision of
the Constitution. . .
11th. Resolved, That Congress has no jurisdiction over
the subject of the slave trade between the different slave-
holding States of tlie Union, but that each Slate has re-
* served to itself the right of legislating upon that subject
in such manner as it may deem best calculated to promote
its interests and happiness.
13th Resolved, That the Union can only be preserved by
adhering to the compromises entered into at its formation,
and those, who would disturb these compromises, whether
under the pretence of a false or mistaken philanthropy or
with a desire to secure political power, should be held by
all good citizens as enemies of the Constitution and the
Union.
Before the reading of the resolutions had been
concluded—
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose (lie
said) to a question of order. He desired to be
informed by the Chair whether this was not
debating the question. [Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND also rose (before the
reading had been concluded) to a point of order,
(he sard.) This was a speech rather than a series
of resolutions. And he wished to be informed by
the Speaker, whether it was subject to the one-
hour rule. [Laughter.]
The reading of the resolutions having been con-
eluded—
Mr. CARTER rose to inquire whether it was in
order to entertain these resolutions whilst the States
were being called in their order for resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution fs not yet
entertained, the motion before the House being to
Suspend all the rules and order of business, for the
purpose of enabling the gentleman from Texas
fMr. Kaufman] to introduce it. It is in order to
move a suspension of the rules pending the call
of the States for resolutions.
Mr. CARTER. That is the point which I
wish to make—that whilst the House is* acting
upon a resolution coming in the regular order of
the call upon a State, a motion to suspend the
rules to enable another gentleman, outside of that
State, to introduce another resolution, is not in
order.
Mr. W1NTHROP said, that he regarded a
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
going into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, as clearly in order. The Chair had
already so decided. But it seemed to him (Mr.
W.) that there must be some limit to the motion
to suspend the rules, and that the motion which
had been made to introduce a second resolution
before the first had been disposed of, was out of
order. Suppose the resolutions of the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] to be introduced, could
a motion to suspend lite rules for the purpose of
introducing another resolution be entertained?
Could resolutions piled upon resolutions be intro-
duced ? It seemed to him, that the motion to sus-
pend the rules must be subject to the limitation—
that two motions could not be entertained at the
same time. The House must dispose of one be-
fore it took up another. A motion might, how-
ever, be made to suspend the rules for the purpose
of proceeding to a different kind of business—that
was to say, to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Carter] made the point of order, the
Chair was examining this very question of the
tight of a member to mo\e a suspension of the
rules. The Chair entertains no doubt that a motion
to suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is in order. Nor does the Chair doubt that a
member has the right to move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of introducing any other
proposition, if the previous question had not been
seconded. But the Chair is of opinion that when
a question is before the House upon which the
previous question has been demanded, and that de-
mand has been seconded, a motion to suspend the
rules, except for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee ot the Whole on the state of the Union, is
not in order.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move that
this House adjourn.
• Mr VENABLE. I ask the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 6^, nay 114*, as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale,
Rowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Bteck, AlbertG. Biown, William J.
Brown, Burt, E. Garrmgton Cabell, George Alfred Cald-
well, Clingman, Conrad, Daniel, Deberry, Edmund^ou,
Ewiiuj, Featherston, Gilmore, Gieen, Hall, laham G. Harris,
Sampson W. tlarris, Haymond, Holmes, Houston, Howard,
Mubbaid, Jaines L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, La- S6re, McDowell, McLanahan, Robert
M. McLanc, McMullen, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade,
Morse, Moi ton, Or, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Powell, Rob-
bins, Seddon, Shepperd, titanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
i Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H- Stephens, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Venable, Wallace,
Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, and Woodward—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Ander-
son, Bay, Bennet, Bingham, Bibsell, Booth, Brigi^, Brooks,
Bufl Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph
Cable. Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Carter, Chandler,
Clark, Cleveland, Williamson K-W. Cobb, Cole, Conger,
Corwin, Ciowrli, Dickey, Dinnmck, Doty, Duet, Duncan,
Dunham, Duikee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch,
Fowler, Fieedley, Fuller, Gerry, Giddmcs, Goodenow,
Gott. Gould,Gnnnell, H.iHoway, Hampton, Harlan, Thomas
L Harris, Hay, Hebaid, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
Andrew John>on, Julian, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
Jaines G. King, John A. Kmc, Preston, King, Leffler, L l-
tb'ficld, Horace Mann, Job Mann,Marshall, Mason, Matte-
son, McClernand, McKissork, Meacham, Miller, Moore,
Nelosn, Ogle, Olds, Ous, Peasiee, Phelps, PlicBmx, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Rtsh y, Kobtnson, Rockwell. Root, Sack-
<'tt, ^awtelle, Sohermerhoin, Schoolcialt, Siive«>ter, rfpald-
iflj, Spr<mtie,Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,Strong, Sweetser,
Taj lor, Wilham Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Walden,
Waldo, Wentworih, White, Wniulesey, VViklnck^Wilmot,
Wilson, Wmthrop, Wood, and Young—114.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMES. I move a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. ,A motion for a call of the
House is not in order after the demand for the
previous question has been seconded.
Mr. MASON. I move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House refused to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote with
the majoiity r
Mr. MASON intimated that he had done so.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the motion is dis-
posed of, I offer a privileged motion, which I desire
may be read for information.
The Clerk proceeded to read the resolution,
which was as follows:
Resolved, That inasmuch as, by our ruies, the resolution
now pending, in ca«e thin House adjourns oi proceeds to
other business, will be laid over for at least two weeks, and
peihaps not reached to he acred on at all, therefore it w ad-
visable that this Hous-e should not be deterred by dilator} or
evasive motions, doigned only to obstructor delay business,
but .should remain, if necessary, in perpetual session, until
the resolutions be finally disposed of.
Before the reading had been concluded—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and
objected.
Mr. McLA.NE, of Maryland, also rose and
said, I have heard enough of it.
The reading of the resolution having been con-
cluded—
The SPEAKER said, the resolution is not in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw it.
Mr. McLANE, (to the Chair.) Was the reso-
lution withdia wn ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair ruled it to be
out of order.
Mr. McLANE. I submit the question to the
Chair, whether the gentleman from Ohio with-
drew the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did withdraw
the resolution, after the Chair had ruled it to be
out of order.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House had re-
fused to lay the resolution of Mr. Doty on the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOLMES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM asked the yeas and nays; and
thirty-two members voted in tavor thereof; (not
enough, the Chair said )
Tellers were demanded and ordered, (and Mr,
White and Mr. McQueen were appointed.)
And the question having been again taken, for-
ty-seven members voted in favor thereof. So the
ye;>s and nays were ordered.
And the question,(< Will this House adjourn?"
was then taken and decided in the negative—yeas
76, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AUton, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bowdon, Bowhn, Hoyd, liirok, Albert G. Brown, Burl, £.
Carnngton Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph JP. Caldwell,
Clingman, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Coleoek, Conrad, Dan-
iel, Debeny, Edmund^on, Ewmg, Fratiier*ton, Gilmore,
Green, Hall, laham G. Harris, Samp-on W. Harris, May-
mond, Hiiliard, Ho&gland, Howaid, llnbbaid, Inge, Andrew
Johnson, Jaines L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Kauiiuan, Ken, La S^re, Marshall, McD nvtll, Robert M.
MeLane, McMullen, McQueen, MeWilhc, Meade, Mill-on,
Morso, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, I'lu-lp-, Powell,
Robbing lavage, Seddon, Shepperd, Sianly, Fredenck P.
Stauton, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander If. Stephens,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thoaip-on, Jonn 13.
Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wntknis, Wellborn,
Williams, and Woodward—7t>.
NAYS—Messis. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, flay, Ben-
■u«)
dwell", Dickey,'Dimlliick, Doty, Duri, Dunc'm, Dunh.tm
Durkee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Pilch, Fotvli-r,
Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gooilenovv, Gott, Gmikl,
Ilalloway, Hampton, Hailan, Hay, Hehard, Henry, Ilotvu,
Hunter, Jaeksori, Juhan, Daniel r King. Geoige G Km£,
Jatnes G. King, John A. King. Preston Kjnir, LltUcfield,
H. Mann, Jol) Mann, Mason, Matleson, McCleinaml, Mc-
Donald, McGauuliey, McKi-^ock, McJjanahan, Meacliatn,
Miller. Moore, Nelson, Oale., Otis, Pe >lee, Peek. PnremS,
Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reynolds, llHle>', Rockwell, Snek-
ett, ^.uvielle, Sclu ncK, S< llermerlioi it, Schoolcraft, Silves-
r,-r, Spalding, Sprajruc, Thailileus Stevens, Stetson. Strong,
Sueet-er,Taylor. William Tnomp.-on. Thiimmn, Hud.'Hull,
Waldo, White, Whittlesey, Wildncl;, Wilmot, Wilson,
Winthiop Wood, and Young—106.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. VENABLE, (to the Chair.) What is the
pending question?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Mason,] to reconsiderthe vote by which the House
refused to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask to be excused from
voting.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the motion to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table, and that is the pending
question.
Mr. VENABLE. Well—I ask to be excused
from voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the yeas and nays.
The SX'EAKER proceeded to ascertain whether
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to inquire, whether the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] was to be excused from voting
now, and, hereafter. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. All remarks are out of order.
The Chair has stated the question to the House.
The yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. GENTRY. It is getting late. I move that
this House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 71, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Me.*srs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Aveiett, Bayly,
Bowdon. Breok, AlbertG. Brown, Burt, C. Carnncton Cab-
ell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chnaman,
Williamson R. W. Uobb, Colcock, Conrad, Daniel, Debs-rrv,
Edrmuidson, Alexander Evans, Ewing, Featlier&tori, Gentry,
Gilmorr, Hall, Midin G. Harris, Sampson W. H.iru-, Hay-
mond, Milliard, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inare, Jame? L.
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, La S6re, Marshall, Mason, McDow-
ell, Hobert M. McLanc, McMullen, McCiueen, McVVillie,
Meade, Miller, Morehuad. Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen,
PaiRer, Phelp?, Powell, Robbing Savage. Seddon. Shep-
perd, Stanly, Fiederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Watkms, Wellborn, Wil-
liams, and Woodward-—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Albcrtson, Alexander, Allen, Andiew?,
Bay, Bennett, Binidiam, Booth, Brijig-s, Biook.-, Burio\v>,
Chc-tei Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Carter, Chandler. Clark,
Cleveland, Cole, Conger, (Jorwinj Ciowell, Ou key, Doty,
Duer, Dunean, Durkee, Nathan Evau^, Fitch, Fowler,
Fuller, Gem , Giddmg*, Goodenow, Gotf, Gould. Gunnel!,
Hallow ay, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Jiebard. Hein\. Ifowe,
Hunter, Jat kson, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Daniel P King,
Jame> G. King, John A King, Preston Kniir, Litth'field,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, McGaugh<-y. McKi-^ock, Mc-
L.anahan, Meacliain, Mooie, Oilf, Otis, IVu^hT, Peek,
Pbceniv, Pit.nau, Poitrr, Putnam, Kej nold-, Ki-l -*y, Roek-
uell, Hoot, rfackett, Savvteilc, Scheinieihoni, ^.-hooRiaft,
Silvester, Spalding, Spra^u*', 'I'naddeus Steven.-, Slewm,
Sriontr. tfv\ptt^er, Taylor, William Tiiotnp>on, Thurman,
rTiidt-iiji!f, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, Whit-
rh'-ei, Wihlnck, Wilmot, Wilson, Wmthr< p, Wood, and
Young—
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to excuse the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Venable] from voting on the motion
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote refusing to lay the resolution on the table.
The question, 44 Shall the gentleman be ex-
