1850.
the congressional globe.
cusetl ?" was then taken and decided in the affirma-
tive —yeas 105, nays 54; as follows :
YEAS—Mcsvr-. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Uav, Bennett, Booth, Burrows, Chester Butler
Thomas IS. Butler E 0. Cabell, Joseph Cable, Carter!
Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Convin, Dotv,
Duei, Duncan, Dunham,N. Evans, Fiteh. Fowler, Freedley,
Fuller, Gerry, Gidritngs, Goodftnow, Gott, Gould, Hall,
' Hampton, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Raymond, Hebard, Henry
Howe, Hunter, Jackson, JatnesL. Johnson, Robert VV. John-
son, Jones, Julian, Kerr, D. P. Kins, Littlefield. Job Mann.
Marshall, Mason, MattPson, McDonald, MeGaughey, vic-
Laiiahan, Meacbaui, Moore, Morton, Oi.de, Otis, Owen
Pna^Jee, Feck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reynold*,
Rjbley. Robinson, Rockwall, Root, Rose, Saekrtt, Savage
Rawtrtlle, Sebenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Spalding,
btanly, Thaddetis Stevens, Stetson, Strong. Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, William Thompson, Thunnan, Underbill, Van
Dyke, Viaton, Valden, Waldo, Wellborn, Wentvvorih,
Wlnttfesev, VViJdnck, WjJhaw*, Wilmot, WjI&oii, and
Wood —105. .
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, AvorettfBimiham, Bow-
don, Brec-k, Hurt, Qt>owe A. Caldwell. W. It W. Cobb,
Coieock, Crowell, Daniel, Dickey, Dmumck, Duikee, Ed-
mundson, E ving, l<'eather>toii, Green, Gnnnell, Sampvm
W. Harris*, Tho.nus L. Harris-. Hay. Hilltard, Holmes, IIo\\-
aul. Inge, Preston King. La S6re, Horace Mann, McDow-
ell, R M. McL'me, McMullen, McQueen, McWtllie, Mill-
son, Morehead, Nelson, Orr, Outlaw, Parker,'Phelps,
Powell, Richardson, Robbing Silvester, Sprague, Alexan-
der I-I. Stephens. Sw«et-er, Thomas, John B. Thompson, I
Wallace, and Walking—54. !
So IVJr. Venable was excused from voting.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, I voted in
ihe affirmative, and I desire to move a reconsider-
ation of the vote} and, if permitted to do so, I will
state my reasons.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot be
permitted to do so, and the motion to reconsider is
not in order, for the reason "Which the Chair will
state. A motion to reconsider is already pending;
and whilst it is so, another motion to reconsider
cannot be entertained. The question now is on
the motion to reconsider the vote refusing to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Mississippi. It is ne-
cessary to settle a preliminary question before the
vote is taken—namely, upon excusing a member.
If it is in the power of this House to excuse
him—
Loud calls to order.
The SPEAKER The remarks of the gentle-
man are not in order. The Chair rules the motion
to reconsider the vote excusing the gentleman from
North Carolina from voting to be out of order
pending another motion to reconsider.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I shall feel
. bound to appeal from the decision.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now move to be excused
from voting.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I should
like to give my reasons for the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not debata-
ble.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the yeas
and nays on the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The House will come to
order, and the Chair will state the question.
  The Chair having done so— •
.Mr, THOMPSON, of Mississippi, withdrew
the appeal.
Mr. CLINGfMAN. I ask to be excused from
voting.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. ROOT, (to the Chair.) Is the motion that
the gentleman be excused from voting amendable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ROOT. Because if it is so, I propose to
amend the motion so as to excuse the gentleman
for the residue of the session.
The SPEAKER. A motion to excuse a mem- j
ber from voting is not open to amendment. |
Mr. ASHE. I move that this House adjourn. j
The yeas and nays weie asked. j
The SPEAKER called upon gentlemen to re- |
sume their seats, that order might be restored in
the Hail. The question was then stated to be on ;
the motion that the House do now adjourn.
The demand for the yeas and nays was with-
drawn, but having been renewed by
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, they were ,
ordered. 1
And the question, " Will this House adjourn r" j
was taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 65, j
nays 95, as follows:
YEVS— Me^rs. Anderson, A^he, Averctt, Bowdon,
Breek, Burt, 15 Carnnaton Cabell, George Alfred Caldwell,
Jo-Vpl! P Caldwell, Clubman, Williamson R. W. Cobb.
Colco< k, Conrad. Daniel, D.iberry, Edmun^on, fiwiug,
Featherston, Green, Hal?. Isham G. Hams, Sampson W.
Hams, Uuyruoud, fhlliaid, Hoagland, Holmes, IJoward,
Hubbard, James 3Ur Johnson, Itobert W. Johnson, Jones,
Mns' «? m"',, r"I1^' Mastm> McDowell, Kobert m!
Metane, McMullen,Mcaueen,Meade, Millson,Morehead,
Million, Orr, Outlaw, P.uker, Phelps, Powell, Roblmis
Kobmson, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd, Stanlv, Frederick P
biantnn, Richaid H. Stanton, Alex. H. Stephens, Tbiuajs,"
John B. 1 hoinpson, i oombs Venable, Wallace, Watkms
Wellborn, and Williams—65. ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Albert-on, Alexander, All£n, Andrews
Bennett, Bissell, Booth, Brings, Brooks, Chester Butler, 't\
If. Butler, Joseph Cable, Carter, Chandler, Clink, Cole
Conger, Cm win, Crowell, Dickey, Dimimck, Dote, Duer!
Iiitrinin l^MAViti., Hm.U/.a A!., i... .. I.\  1-1 . . . "
I move that this House
Henry, Howe, Huntei.vJackson, Julian, Daniel!'. King,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston Kins, Littlefield, H. i
Mann, J. Mann, Matteson, McDonald, MeKissock, Meach- '
a III, Moore, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Peiulee, Peck, Hhrenix, Pit- I
man, Potter, Puinain, Reynolds, Richardson, Risley, Rock- j
well, Root, Rose, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schen'efc, Scheriner- j
horn, Spalding, Spiague, Sweeuer, Taylor, Win. Tliomp-
son, Tliiirniaii, Cmleihill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldrii, !
Waldo, Wentwoith, Whittlesey, Wildriclt, Wilinot, Wil- i.
son. Wood, and Young—93.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on excusing the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. CungmanI from
voting.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired of the Chair,
whether he (Mr. C.) ought to vote; or whether
this was a question in which he was so interested,
that it would be improper for him to vote? Pie
asked, he said, for information.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman ought not to vote. The Chair gives
this not as a decision, but merely as its opinion.
Mr. GREEN desired to be mfoimed by the
Speaker whether a vote to excuse the gentleman
from North Carolina from voting would not leave
him the privilege of voting if he chose to do so ?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could not de-
cide all these questions in anticipation. They must
be decided when they came up regularly before
the House.
Mr. STANLY called the attention of the Chair
to the 4'2d rule, which declares that " every mem-
ber who shall be in the House when the question
is put shall give his vote, unless the House, for
special leason, shall excuse him." He (Mr. S.)
wanted to know what this " special reason" was.
The SPEAKER. As the rule which the gen-
tleman has cited originally stood, leave was given,
by virtue of that rule, to the member asking to be ,
excuscd to state his reasons. Subsequently that
portion of the rule has been stricken oiu; and all
that has been permitted under the practice of the
House since then is for the gentleman to make his !
motion to be excused, without authority to state
his reasons.
Mr. STANLY". I do not ask for the authority i
or for the privilege of stating reasons. I want the !
House to know something of these " special j
reasons." !
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the House j
or for the Chair to discriminate between reasons; '
and if gentlemen were permitted to give their j
reasons, it would be equivalent to putting the rule
back where it stood before it was amended. The
Chair thinks that all that a member can do, 13 to
make the motion to be excused from voting.
Mr. FITCH. Is it in order to move to amend
the motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question, "Shall the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] be excused from voting'"
was then taken and decided in the affimative—
yeas 79, nays 58; as follows :
YEAS—M'ifsrs. Alhertson, Alexander, Baker, Bennett,
But-ell, Brings, A. G Brown, Buel, Bui row!!, T. B. Butler^
Joseph Cable, G A. Caldwell, Carter, (Jhandb i, Cleveland,
Conger, Coi win, Crowell, D<,b- rry. Dnntmek, Fiteh, Fowler,
Freed!, y, Fuller, Giddmsj*. Goodenow, Gotr, G mid, Hallo-
way. Hailan, Thomas L. Hariiv, Hebatd, H,jnrj, Hoagland,
Holmes, Howard, Howe, Hunter, James L. Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, D. P. King, Pieston Iviriir, Littlefield, Matteson, Mc-
Donald, McMullen. Moore, Nelson, ()gle, Peaslee, Pt ek,
Phelp*, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, 1'utnani, Reynolds, Ridley,
Root, Rose, Sawfi-lle, Sch'-nck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Spal-
dinjj, Stanly, K H Stanton. Thad. Stevens, Stetson, Strong,
T.t) lor, Wilham Thompson, UnderhtH, Waldo, Wentwortli,
Wndrick, and Wilmot—79.
NAYS—Men&rs. Al-tou, Anderson, Andievv^, Ashe, Ave-
reu, Bavlv, Bmeham, Bowdon, Bi eck, Burt, J. P. Caldwell,
Clark, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcotk. Daniel, Dtckey, Dunham,
Durkee, Edmund^on, Ewing, Green, Hall, J. G Ham*-. S.
W. Harris;, Hubbatd, luge, R. W. Johnson, James G
call of the
The motion cannot be enter-
previous question has been
Mr. WALLACE.
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
And the question, " Will this House adjourn >"
was taken and decided in the negative—yeas 18
nays 91; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Boyd, Breclt,
Burt Joseph P. Caldwell, Giving, Green, Hoagland, James
Dyke, andV^ac'e-I^'11'8' Phe|P  Van
NAYS—Messrs. Alberteon, Alexander, Allen, AJ.-ton,
Thom™SRJennett,Bingham, Bnggs, Hrooks,Buel,Bmr«v8,
1 ,, "rs f - Bailer Joseph Cable, Cauer, Chandler, Clark
mick n. i'v ri ' Con^r> Corwin, Crowell, Dickev, Dim.
p,£h' r yi Du"can- Unnbam, A. Evans, Nathan Evans,
£ b ^ I Pullei, Giildinss Goodenow Gott
Gould, Halloway, flarlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hav, llibard!
lI1,:nr-v' Hone, Hunter, Jackson, Julian, Dnme'l P Kin"
John A.King, P"-ston King, Horace, Mann, Matteson Me-
Donald, Mclviss-ock, MeLauaban, Meaohani, Moore *Nel-
son, Ogle. Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phceinx, Pitman Potter
Putnam l%nolds, Rockwell, Root, llo-e, Sackett, Sawtelle',
Hchenck, Schoolcralt, Silvester, Spalding, t pra«iie Tlnii
deus Stevens, Stetson, Snoug, SHieetsei, Tajlni, John B.
Jbonipsnn, William Thomson, Thurman, Waldo, Went-
woith, Whittlesey, Wihnoi, Wilson, Winihrop, Wood, and
Young— 91. }
So the House refused to adjourn.
But no quorum voted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move
House.
The SPEAKER.
tained, after the
seconded.
Mr. WENTWORTH made some point of
order which (in the confusion) could not be heard,
but which was understood to be that it wan in
order to move a call of the House whether a quo-
rum was present or not. And he was under-
stood to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas, objected to any
argument, from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentworth.] And Mr. J. said he appealed
from the decision of the Chair, and asked the yea3
and nays.
The evening was closing in apace, and darkness
became somewhat visible in the Hall.
In the far-off dome above, some gleams of light,
emitted from the massive chandeher, (now in the
process of ignition,) fell diml£ on the shadows be-
low. The chandelier gave a sort of exulting rat-
tle, (as if in triumph at the resplendent glories
which were bursting from its confines,) and a few
scattered pieces of glass fell in chorus upon the
floor of the Hall. There was an ominous looking
up, as if in expectation that the smashing feat
which its predecessor performed several years ago
was about, to be repeated; and some few changes
of seats might be observed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (to the Speaker-)
la it in order to move to take that lamp out;?
[Laughter.j
The chandelier, as if conscious of the rebuke-,
remained mute as marble—content, as it seemed,
to cast its burning rays in silence upon the coun-
cils of the nation.
The SPEAKER stated the question and his de-
cision.
Mr. SCHENCK called for the reading of that
part of the first clause of the first article, fifth sec-
ion, of the Constitution of the United'States,
which declares that Congress shall be authorized
to compel the attendance of absent members.
Mr. RICHARDSON withdrew the motion for
a call of the House.
Mr. FITCH rose to inquire of the Chair, wheth-
er the G3d rule did not give to the Speaker and
any fifteen members the power to compel the at-
tendance of absentees ?
The SPEAKER, said, that that rule had been
applied to calls of the House. There was no
other mode to compel the attendance of absent
; members except that pointed out by the rule. And
i another rule declared, that no call of the House
! should be in order after the previous question had
i been seconded.
| Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the House'
: adjourn.
l Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays.
| Mr. CROWELL rose to inquire of the Speak-
! er, whether a motion to adjourn was in order after
, La S6re, Horace Mann,McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Mill- !, the previous question had been seconded ?
i son, Orr, OtH,Outlaw. Parker, Powell, Ricltaid.-on, Savage, The SPEAKER. There can be no doubt upon
] Shcpperd, Silvestei, Spiague, Predeuck P. Stanton, Sweet- i! () t ■ £_ A mglion t0 adjourn ,s always in or-
1 ser, Thoma-, Jacob Thompson, J. B. Thompson, \ an Dyke, S, ,ltt F J 3
i Wallace, Walking Wellborn, Whittlesey, Williams, Wil- j! r
1 son, Wood, and Young—58. jl Mr. CROWELL, Then the Chair decides that
1 So Mr. Clingman was excused from voting. j( the motion is m order.
