380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. CROWELL. I appeal from the decis-
ion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that,
pending a question of adjournment, no other ques-
tion can intervene. And the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Crowell] will see that if an appeal was en-
tertained upon any point of order pending a mo-
tion to adjourn, other questions might rise up on
that appeal, and the House might thus be kept in
session an indefinite period of time, although the
House was in favor of an adjournment. There-
fore, when a motion is made that the House ad-
journ, the question must be taken without refer-
ence to any point of order, or to any other motion.
Mr. CROWELL. Then the Chair decides that
the appeal is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does bo decide.
Mr. CROWELL. I appeal from that deci-
sion.
The SPEAKER. No question is in order, and
no appeal is in order pending the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. BINGHAM. Can motions to adjourn be
made consecutively?
The SPEAKER. If it were not for the pecu-
liar position in which the House is now placed,
the Chair would not entertain the present motion
toad|ourn. But no quorum being present, and a
call of the House not being in order after the de-
mand for the previous question has been seconded,
no other motion can be entertained except a mo-
tion to adjourn. That is the only motion that can
be enterrained.
Mr. MEADE inquired of the Chair whether the
•yeas and nays could be taken when no quoi um was
present?
The SPEAKER. There can be no doubt upon
tliat point. It does not require a quorum, to ad-
journ.
Mr. BAKER inquired of the Speaker whether
it was not the duty of the Chair to make up its
own mind, upon us own observation, whether a
quorum of the House was, or was not, present?
The SPEAKER replied, that the Chair acted in
the present case in gccordance with the practice
under similar circumstances. Where a vote had
been taken by yeas and nays, that was the inform-
ation upon which the Chair must act as to whether
a quorum was present or not.
After a brief conversation, the question, " Will
this House adjourn ?" was taken and decided in
the negiuive—yeas J2, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—SIijmi*. Jo-cpli P. Caldwell, H.iymonti, Hon"
- land, [Inline.-. Mai-liall, Miller, Pholp., Kiciiaidson, Itob-
si,inly. Van D.ki', and Youris—12.
NAY.<—Jlt-sis. Alt'X.iiidi'i, Allen, Alston, Andrews,
B.tk"i, Bfi.tii u, niii^liain, Booth. Orook^, Bnel,
Burrow., Clie-ler liuller, Tlioma* B. Bmlrr, .[iwph Cable
C,liter, Chandler, Cl.uk, Cleveland, Cole, Conner, Cm win'
cloh'ell, Diouinek, 1)ihv. Duer, Dunian, Dnnliain, Nallian'
T'lvans, Fiteli, Fowler, Prceilley, Fuller, Oeny, Gnlilin s
Gnnilenmv, Got!. Could, Hallovvav, H-unprnn, Harlan
Tlmmas L Manis, Hay, Mellaril, Henry, Hnudon, Howe,
Daniel P King, Jaine.- G, King, Jolm A. Km", Proton
Kirnr, l.lttli field. Horace Mann, Job Mann, Malteson,
Wi'Do.'iald, JleKi^ock, MeL-inahnii, Mcacliam, Moore
JMsiui. o.'le, Otis, Pea lee, Peek, Plicem v, Pitman, I'litnani,
Revno!d~, Roekiv II. Uont.JW, Saokett, Scltenck.   I-
craft, Silve-tei, Spaldins, Spr,i?ii<", TliaiHeu. Stevens
Stetson, fsironL', Siveets-er, Taylor, William Thompson
Underbill, Walden, Wa'do, IVeiilwortlt, White, Win!limey!
VVildrick, VVilmot, Wilson, Wintlirop, and Wood— 95.
So the House refuseteo adjourn.
But still no quorum voted.
Mr. SCHE.NCK desired to offer a resolution,
which he sent to the Speaker's table, and which he
asked minht be read.
Objection was tnade.
The SPEAKER said no business was in order
whilst the House was without a quorum.
Mr. SCHEXCK asked that the resolution might
be read Cor information.
Ol'jei tiori u tns made.
The SPEAKER said the resolution must be
read for information, so that if the. Speaker was
in error in ruling it out of order, the House could
decide the question.
The resolution was read as follows:
Rp°.oh:ed. That the Speaker be required to count the mem-
bers p e-P!it ill the House at tins time; and to repoit to the
House tire number piestnt, and the names ot those ab-
sent.
The resolution having; been read 
Mr. SCHENCK said, if the Chair rules that
out of order, I appeal from the decision, and I
ask the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the reso-
lution to be out of order, because no motion can
be entertained at this time.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. S. inquired if any business had intervened
since the previous motion to adjourn had been re-
jected ?
The SPEAKER. No. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] submitted a proposition,
which the Chair ruled to be out of order. From
that decision the gentleman appealed. The Chair
has decided, that while the House is without a
quorum, and the previous question having been
seconded, there cannot be a call of the House; and
that the motion to adjourn is the only motion that
can be entertained.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (to the
Chair.) The rule of the House declares that
every member who is in 1ns seat must vote, un-
less he is excused. Now, I ask the Speaker to
enforce that lule when he sees any member in his
seat who does not vote. I have seen twenty gen-
tlemen sitiing in their places who did not vote.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the suggestion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
the Chair will state that the enforcement of that
rule has been considered in previous Congresses
entirely impracticable. There is no mode pro-
vided by which the rule can be enforced. There
is no modepiovided by which the Chair can en-
force it. The Speaker cannot keep his eye upon
the House to see what members are in their seats
and what members are not in their seats, when
their names are called.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the Chair indulge me
with one more question ? Is it not the duty of
gentlemen to vote ?
The SPEAKER; The rule requires every mem
ber within the bar to vote.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope gentlemen will
do their duty. [Laughter.]
The question, " Will this House adjourn?" was
then taken, and decided m the negative—yeas 23,
nays 101; as fallows :
YEAS—Mes^s. Bay, Bowdon, Bowlin, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Dehuiry, Dinumtk, Freedley, 11-nmond, Milliard,
Hougland, Holmes, Andiew Johnson, James L. Johnson,
Job Maim, Marshall, Robert M. McLnne, Miller, Phelps,
Richardson, Roiiinn , Stanly, Van Dyke, and Younr'—2J,
NAYS—Meters. AHh*its-oii, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Brooks, Buel, Buriowa,
Ouster Butler, Thomas l> Builei, Jom ph Cable, Campbell,
(-alter, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwm,
Crowell, Dotv, Ducr, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Alexan-
der Evans Nathan Evan>, Fitch, Fowler, Fullet, Geriy,
GuMiii^-, Goodenovv, Gou, Gould, Gnnnell, Hailoway,
Jlampton, Harlan, Thoma< L. Harris Hay, ilebard, Hemy,
Houston, Howe, Jackson, Julian, Daniel P. King. James G.
King, John A. King, Preftou King, Littleiieid, Horace
Mann, Mattc^on, McDonald, MtKi.--.ock. Meacham, Mooie,
Nfl-on. Ogle, On.-, Pcasleo, Peck, Piiomux, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam, Reynolds, [Usley, Robinson, Rockwell,Root, Rose,
Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, SchonJcratt, Silvester, Spald-
ina, SprHjiup, Th'iddi us Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweeiber,
Taylor, Willi.tm Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Walden,
Waldo, Wentworth, White. Whiltkvey, Wildrick, Wn-
mot, Wilson, Winthiop, and Wood—101.
So the House refused to adjourn.
But a quotum now voted.
Mr. SCHENCK waived his point of order.
The question then again recurred on the motion
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr- Mason]
to reconsider the vote refusing to lay on the table
the resolution of the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. DottO
Mr. JONES asked to be excused from votin^.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked The
yeas and nays
Mr. CLINGMAJN", (to the Chair.) Asa mo- j
tion has intervened since the previous motion j
to adjourn was decided, I suppose it is in order to 1
move that the House adjourn. I
The SPEAKER,. It was a motion merely; but !
there has been no action. The Chair thinks the 1
motion to adjourn is not now in order. 11
The question on the motion of Air. Jones was !
then taken and decided in the negative—yeas 64,
nays 81, as follows:
YEAS—Mc«jr«. Alheit*on, Alexander, Bav. BaWy, Bnn- 1
nett, Bo\d, Krigg«, Biooks, line!, 13uriow>,"T. Butler '
E. 0. Cabell. Jo^'ph Cable. G. A. Caldwell. Campbell, Car- .
ter, Chandler, Cleveland, Cole, Cnrwin, Dimmick, Dotv, 1
Nathan Evans Fowler, Ftecdley, Fuller, Goodenow, Gott ''
craft, Spaiduig, Stanly, Thaddeus Steveus, Stetson, Strong, |]
William Thompson, Underbill, Waldo, Wentworth, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrick, Wilson, and Woodward—84.
NAYS—•Vfeafc-rs. Allen, Av« rett, Baker, Bingham, Booth,
Bowdou, JSowIm, Burt, Chester Butler, Jolm P. Caldwell,
Clark, Chngman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Crow-
eJl, Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Duer, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
ninnd>ni , Alexander Evans, G  riy, Gnldings Gould, Gnn-
nell, Hailoway, Hampton, X^ham G. Harrn, S. W. Hams,
T. L. Harris, flebaid, Ilenrv, Ilithaid, Holmes, Andrew
Johnson, J. L. Johnson, R. W. Johi^on, D. P. King, J. G.
King, J. A. King, Pre<tori King, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
McDonald, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen. Me Willie,
Meacham, Meade, Milison, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Orr,
Otis Ppa^lee, Peek, Pbclp-, Phoenix, Robbins. Sackett, Sav-
age, Seddon, Shepherd, Silves-ter, Sprague, R. H. Stanton,
Sweetser, Ta\lor, Thomas, Jacob Tiiompcon, Thurman,
Walden, Wallace, White, Wmthiop, arid Wood—81.
So the House decided that Mr. Jones should
not be excused.
Mr. CALDWELL, of North Carolina, offered
the following resolution, which was read fur in-
formation:
Whereas some day«s since, the special message of the
President of the United States transmitting a constitution
adopted by the people of California, was referied to the
Committee of the Whole on ihe state of tin* Union, and the
lesolution now under consideration beinj* uncalled lor,
Resolved, tkerejore, As it is now 6 o'clock and 25 minutes
p. in., and the members of tins [louse desire repose, that
this House adjourn until o'clock on to-morrow. *
The SPEAKER ruled the-preamble and aU
the resolution out of order, except simply the con-
cluding motion to adjoura. And that motion the
Speaker announced as the pending question.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 65, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AKton, Andeison, Ashe, Bav, Bayly,
Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Albeit G. Biown", Burt, G.
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chngman, Wuhaii^on R.
W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, Deberry, Dinnnuk, Edmund-
son, Feather.-ton, Gentry, Green, Isham G. Harris. Sampson
W. Hdrns, Haymoud, Howard, Huhbaid, lnge,'Jame  h.
Johnson, Robtri W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kcir, La
S&re, Marshall. McDonald, McLanahan, RobeitM. Me Lane,
McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Million, Morehead,
Orr, Outlaw, Phelps, Powell, Robinson, Savage, Seddon,
Shepperd, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Sian-
ton, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John I!. Thompson, Thur-
man, Van Dyke, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, and Wood-
wood—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Alheitson, Alexander, Alien, Bcnnetl,
Bingham, Booth, Biooks, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler,
Thom is B. Butler, Joseph Cabell, Campbell, Carter, Chan-
dler, Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conner, Corwm, Crowtll,
Dickey, Doty, Duncan,Dunham, DuTkee, Alexander Evans,
Maihan Evans, Filch. Fowler, Prwdlev, Fuller, Gerry, Gid-
l' dmgs, Goodenow, Gott, Gririnell, Hailoway. Hampton, Har-
< lan, T. L. Hanis, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe,
i Jickson, Julian, James G. King. John A. King, Preston
!| King, Lmlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matte^on, Me-
Clernaud, McKi-.-ock, Meacham, Moore, Ntl?ori, Oirle,
{■ Otis, Peasl«e, Peck, Pitman. Potter, Putnam, Reynolds,
n Risiey, Root, Rose, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehenck, Schermer-
horu, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spalding, Spiagne, 'i'liaddeus
Stevens. Srebon. Strong. Sweeizer, 'J'.u loi^Wm. Thomp-
son, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, White, Wlutrle.-ey,
WjWriek, VYilinot, Wilson, Winthrop, Wood, and Young
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McLANE moved that the House resolve
; itseif into Committee of the Whole on the state
; of the Union for the purpose of taking up the
j President's message communicating the California
! constitution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
j a motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
| the state of the Union on any particular question
I is not in order; and that a motion to suspend the
I rules to go into Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union at this time is not in order.
, The motion to go into Committee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union is a privileged question,
I and as such takes precedence of all others, except
l privileged questions. But there being pending at
j this time a privileged question, viz: on the motion
( to reconsider, it takes piecedencc of any other
| privileged question.
! Mr. McLANE. I move then to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. -Thatis the very motion now
pending before the House.
Mr. bl ANL1. I wish to make a suggestion,
, which the House, of course, will vote down or
i "ot as they please. I would respectfully submit
to some gentlemen who voted for the previous
question this morning, that they can reconsider
the vote ordering the previous question, and then
the resolution will be in the form in which it can
be amended, and we can get out of our present
difficulty. I will propose, if the previous ques-
tion be reconsidered, to offer a substitute for the
resolution, and get out of this California difficulty
in a regular parliamentary manner.
The SPEAKER. Of the second to the previ-
ous question,- no motion to reconsider has ever
