1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
larly upon the fortification bill. In reference to
that matter he had only to say, that he had as
iittle disposition to prevent proper debate as any
man in that HouSfe. With regard to the fortifica-
tion bill, there was not, he believed, a contested
item in it. There was not a solitary item for any
new work; it only contained appropriations for
the completion of those works which had been
feegun, and upon which a vast amount of money
had already been expended.
In framing the bill, the committee had had before
them the estimates of the War Department. The
items were scrutinized, and unless Congress was
disposed to put an end,to the whole system of for-
tifications, he would undertake to say, that there
was not a dollar appropriated by the bill, about
the propriety of appropriating which there could
be any doubt. This being the character of the
bill, and as there had been other opportunities upon
which debate might have been indulged, he
thought it was best to confine the debate in this
instance to the five minutes' rule upon any amend-
ment which might be offered; and he believed
there would be but few. He desired1 to say this
much to the committee, and especially to those
gentlemen who seemed to think that he was rather
exigeant in the motion he had made.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, that for the purpose of
hearing from the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or else from the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, some reasons assigned why these appro-
priations should be made, he would move to strike
out the first appropriation in the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman allow me
to add a single remark to uhat I have already
said, in order to make the statement clear?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly.
Mr. BAYLY. I should have added, that if I
had anticipated that any member of this committee
desired to discuss the bill atjength, I should not
have matte the motion which"! did to confine the
debate upon amendments within the five minutes1
rule. But I felt quite satisfied that there would be
no debate with reference to the bill itself.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I moved, sir, to strike out
the first appropriation—§15,000 for the barracks
near Detroit; and t do so, because I have been
unable, at any period of my service here, to see
any real necessity whatever for the expending of
a single dollar upon fortifications. I have been
unable to perceive that the United States have been
benefited, or can, by any possibility, under any
circumstances or in f any contingency, derive any
advantage from any such expenditure of money.
And i wish to be informed by the chairman of
either the Committee of Ways and Means or the
Committee on Military Affairs, if there is any ne-
cessity for this fortification in Detroit river? I
know theability of thechairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. 1 know-he is master of all
the arguments which can be brought t  bear upon
the subject; and I desire to know if he can adduce
any good reason why this fortification should be
constructed; or, at least, why we should take this
$15,000 from the Treasury at this time, and
expend it upon that work. It is for the pur-
pose of hearing the reasons assigned, that i have
made the motion; and I will yield the floor to either
of those gentlemen, if they will comply with my
request.
Mr. BAYLY said, he took great pleasure in
answering the inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio
in reference to'this appropriation of $ 15,000, for
the advancement of the work now in progress near
Detroit. He had to say, in regard to that matter,
that he had no personal information respecting it.
The only information he had was such as he had
derived from public documents communicated to
that House by the Executive Department of the
Government. He could inform the gentleman,
however, that this defensive work—this fortifica-
tion near Detroit, was not a new work; that it had
been commenced a long time ago. He had not
informed himself at what time the wosjc was com-
menced, but it was not a new work—it was not a
work that was now being commenced—it was one
that had been commenced heretofore, and one, too,'
upon which a good deal of money had been ex-
pended. It was in an unfinished condition, and
unless they intended to reverse what a former
Congress had done, and leave the work to go to
ruin, this appropriation was necessary. And he
would take leave here to say, if he was not tres-
passing upon the indulgence of the gentleman from
Ohio 
Mr. GIDGINGS. Not at all. I wish to hear
the gentleman's explanation.
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing.) He would take
leave to say, that as to the necessity for these forti-
fications there was a vast deal of misapprehension
in that House. The impression seemed to be,
that these fortifications were exclusively designed
for the defence of our territory—for repelling the
enemy in case of an invasion;—and the question
was frequently asked, u what protection can they
afford in such a contingency ?" ** It was asked, for
instance, to take a case with which he was more
familiar,—of what benefit the fortification at Old
Point could be, of what use it could be, in repelling
an enemy ? It was said that troops could effect a
landing at numerous places, notwithstanding the
existence of the fort. It was asked, therefore,
of what use the fortification could possibly be?
This showed an entire misconception of the pur-
pose of these fortifications. The srreat use of them
was to afford a shelter for our shipping in time of
war.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is no shipping to be
protected in this case.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg the gentleman*s pardon.
Take the case of Old Point—for it is not necessary
to vary the illustration. Suppose in time of war,
that a hostile fleet should suddenly make its ap-
pearance on the coast; especially a fleet consisting
of steam vessels, from which sailing vessels would
find it difficult to escape, what would become of
our whole commerce, unless there was some place
of safety, where our ships might seek shelter, and
where they could ride in safety ? In the case of a
sudden appearance of a fleet, or even if it did not
suddenly appear, in case of the advent of a hostile
fleet, our commercial vessels would be completely at
their mercy, unless they had some place to which
they could flee. The great advantage of fortifica-
tions of this kind, does not consist so much in the
protection of the land, but in the protection of our
commerce, in affording to our shipping safe har-
bjfe. Such is the use of fortifications every-
where. It is true that in the case of the fortifica-
tion at Vera Cruz, for instance, ft was of a good
deal of advantage in the protection of the city; but
the chief advantage of fortfications is to be found
i in the protection they afford to the shipping,
j Mr. GIDDINGS said he had been well repaid
j for the time he had spent in listening to the gen-
tleman. I was perfectly conscious (continued
Mr. G.) that it was out of the power of man
to assign a reason for this appropriation. I have
tried year after year in this Hall to get some one
to assign some reason for the appropriation of
the large sums of money that we are called upon
to appropriate every year for fortifications. The
gentleman states that he knows no more about
this work than what he finds in the public docu-
ments. Sir, here is a river of a narrow channel
about thirty miles in length, and here is a fortifica-
tion about a mile from the river, and about two
miles from where any shipping ever went, about
double cannon shot from any place of anchorage
for vessels, and the best reason the gentleman can
assign for the construction of the fortification at all
was, that it was necessary for the protection of our
commercial vessels.
Mr. BUEL. The gentleman from Ohio has
stated, that this fort stands at the distance of one
mile from the Detroit river.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will remark, that my col-
league gave it as his opinion, that it stood at least
a mile from the river.
Mr. BUEL. I will state to the gentleman that
the fort stands upon an eminence upon the imme-
diate bank of the river.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman state
how far from the steamboat landing?
Mr. BUEL. This fort is situated some thrjge
or four miles below the city of Detroit, upon the
highest point to be found for many miles. It re a
comparatively new fortification, and has been in
progress for the past four or five years. It stands
upon the bank of the river, so as to corgmand the
channel, and to prevent, whenever it may be neces-
sary, British ships from passing to the Upper
Lakes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have not been at Detroit
since the commencement of the work, and I am
indebted to the gentleman for the information he
has given me. 1 now understand that the fort is
situated some four miles from the steamboat.Iand*
ing. It can^ afford no protection, therefore, to the
steamboats. And as the chairman of the. Com*
mittee of Ways and Means assigns as a -reason
for its construction, the advantage it will afford lo
the steamboats, he is certainly under a misappre-
hension in this case; for 1 understand now-that
the object is not to protect our shipping, but to
prevent British shipping from ascending the river.
Mr. BUEL. £ stated that the fort was situated
upon an eminence,-and is supposed to command
the river. I think it is not easy to misapprehend
the views I intended to express.'-. And, as lam
up, if the gentleman will allow me, 1 will submit
the remarks, now, which 1 intended to suomit- be-
fore. Although comparatively a new fortification,
it has been brought, I believe,almost to a state of
completion. The parapet, I believe, was completed
last year. And, I will add, that the purpose, to
which the present appropriation is to be applied,
as I understand, is the construction of barracks
and officers'quarters; which, I perceive, have been
burned during the present session of Congress.
Mr. EVANS took the floor, and was recognized.,
Mr. CARTTER rose to a question of order..
He desired to know if they were discussing this,
bill under the five minutes' rule?
The CHAIRMAN replied that such was not the
case.
Mr.JSVANS said, he should not detain the com-
mittee long. Ke merely 'desired to refer -to fjhe
documents accompanying the President's annual
message. It will be found that the Engineer De-
partmentrecommended an appropriation of $15,000
for this work, which was the sum reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means. [Mr. E. read
from the report of the Engineer Department.] Un-
less the appropriation were made, the work must
remain in an unfinished state.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, h§ was glad they were
arriving at information in regard to this subject. _
It now appeared that this fort was not necessary
for the protection of our shipping and our com-
merce, but for the protection of our army—that
was the amount of it. He was not making war
against this particular appropriation, but against
the whole system of fortifications, for whiclv
millions of dollars were^taken from the pockets of
the people, and squandered by this Government.
Look (said he) at the expenses of your army-—at
your fortification system ! You erect fortification
to protect your troops, and then raise troops to pro**,
tect your fortifications. That is the whole <7f it; and
let me say to this committee, that this is contrary to
the genius of our institutions, contrary to the fun-
damental principles on which this Government was
established. Our fathers supposed that we were
capable of self-defence; that the militia of the
country was capable of defending the country;
and we have now gone into the extravagance of
raising a standing army, and erecting fortifications
to protect your commerce, although the advance-
ment in science has shown that fortifications are
useless; nay, worse than useless. The system of
fortifications commenced in England, in the times
of baronial rule, and it has corpe down to us.°
Future generations will look back upon us with
the same wonder and contempt for our ignorance,
as we entertain for that of the age to which I have
referred.
He desired to be particularly understood. He
had no particular hostility to this particular appro-
priation. His only desire was, to ask for the
reasons upon which the appropriation was based,
and to show that there was no necessity for the
appropriation; that it was a useless waste of the
public money. His purpose was merely to call
the attention of the committee to the fact, that the
whole fortification system—which was but the
relic of an age gone by—was of no use to the
country, and should be laid aside, and that we
should adopt a new system in its place.
Mr. GORMAN said, he wa3 very much in-
clined to think that the gentleman from Ohio, who
had just taken his seat, was correct in his view of
the subject. He could not see the propriety of
making these appropriations—at least to the ex-
tent reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means. Almost every appropriation that was
made, was for the benefit of the sea-board. He
desired to be informed by the chairman of the
committee by whom the bill was reported, if he
was in possession of information that would satis-
fy this House that the fortification^ were in a state
