1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. McClernand did not vole on this motion,
having paired off with agentleman.]
[Mr. Cobb (the Speaker) here resumed the
Chair.]
The SPEAKER announced that the question
recurred upon the motion to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. ORR moved that the House take a recess
until to-morrow at 12 o'clock, M.
The SPEAKER. The" motion is not in order.
It can only be entertained by the unanimous con-,
sent of the House.
Mr. McLANE moved that the House do now
adjourn.
'rhe SPEAKER. That motion has just been
made and rejected, and no action has intervened.
Mr. McLANE. Has not the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] moved that the House
take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. That motion being proposed,
not in order, and not received, is not such inter-
vening action as makes another motion now in
order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 1 move that when the House
adjouns it adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. McMULLEN asked the gentleman from
Arkansas to accept of an amendment. He did
not, however, press his request.
The question was taken on. the motion of Mr.
Johnson and decided in the negative.
Mr. McLANE renewed the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. WENTWORTH, and other gentlemen,
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 65, nays 98; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Anderson, Andievvs, Ashe, Averett. Buy,
Bavlv, Beale, Bowiin, Boyd, Breck, Burt. George A. Cald-
well,'Joseph P. Caldwell, O'tlviri, CliiiKrn.ui, Williamson
It. W. Col.b, Colcock, Conrad, Darnel, Dmnrnck, Duncan,
Ednnimlson, Alexander Evans, Ewina, Feiuliurston, Green,
Hall, Raymond, Hilliard, Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Robcit W. Johnson, Jones. Kaufman, I
Keir, La S&ro, Marshall, McLanalian, Itoheit M. MeLane, ; ■
McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Morehead, Moiion,
Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Phflp«, Powell, Bobbins. Savage,
Seddon.Sliepperd,Frederick p.Stanton, Hieharrl tl. Stanton, ;
Alexander II. iStcvens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John H
Thoinp-on, Toombs, Wallace,and Young—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Doer, Dun-
ham, Durkee, N. Evans, Fltell, Fowler, Freedly, Fuller, Gld
diii s, Gilmore, Goodenow,Gott,Gould,Grmnell, ll.ilioway,
Il.uftpton, IJurlan, I. G. Harris, S. W. Harris, "eljnrd,
Henry, Howe. Hubbard, Jackson. Julian, Daniel P. Kins,
James G. King, John A. Km?, Preston Kin?, Littleheld, II.
Mann, Job Mann, Matteson, McGaugliev, McKissuek,
Mtaeham, Moore, Nelson, 0«le, Otis, Peaslee, leek,!
Phreinx, Pitnain, Root, Rose, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehenck,
Prhermfrhorri, Schoolcraft, Silve.-ler, Sps\irim«, rtvaddpus 1
Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor U'ldnlnll,
Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey,
WildricU, Wilmot, Wilson, Winthrop, and Wood—9rt.
So the House lefused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
recurred upon the motion of Mr. Thompson, of
Mississippi, to lay on the table the appeal of Mr.
Carter- on which question the yeas and nays
had been ordered.
Mr. ORR asked to be excused from voting.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on Mr.
Orr's motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and heing
taken resulted—yeas32, nays 110; as follows:
YIJAf-M.-fPis. Anders...., B.y.Bngaa- Bu. 1, Burrows,
Chester Bu.ler, Ti.on as B Bu> e,, Campbell, C nei
Richard H. Stmton, Thaddeus St^vKns Stetson, Strong,
 wwee!ser, TajJ ^, Thomas, Jacob 'ihompson, Thurman,
Toomb*, Onderhili, van !)\ke, Venaile, W Men, Waldo,
Wallace, We tworth. Win e, Whittles-x, Wildrick, Wil-
mor, Wiiso.i, Wiiithr >p3 and Wood—110.
So Mr. Orr was not excused.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, inquired if the
House should now adjourn, what would be the
condition of this resolution when it next came in
order.
The SPEAKER replied that this resolution
would be the first thing in order when the House
should again be called for resolutions, which
would be this day two weeks.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will it come up then just
as it now is under the second to the previous
question ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as it now
is.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well; 1 trust the House will
adjourn, and give us an opportunity jn the mean-
time to settle this thing agreeably.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and being taken, resulted—yeas G7, nays 87; as
follows;
YE'XS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averott, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bowdou, Bovvhn, Boul, Uieck, William J. Blown,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. f 'itldwell, CltiiL'inau, \V. It.
W. Cobb, Daniel, Dnninick, Duncan, Edinuudson, Alexan-
der Evans, Ewing, Foatherston, Freedley, Green, Hall, I. G.
Hairis, ri. W. Harris, Hay, Hayinond, Hilliard, Howard,
Hubbard, Inge, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, Keir, Robert M. MeLane, Mi Mullen,
McQueen, MeWilhe, Me.ule, Millet, Millson, Moreliead,
On, Outlaw, l\uker, Plli Ips, Powell, Itolibins, Savaue, Sed-
don, tiheppord, Fiidenek Stanton. Rii'haid II. SUntotl,
Alexander II. Stephens, Thomas, JacobThoinp-oii, John li.
Thompson, Toombs, Van Djke, Venable, Wallace, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Bennett, Bin«-
hairi, Booth, Briaas, Biooks, ISm I, Bulling, Tlmnw. B.
Butler, Joseph C.ible, Campbell, Caitei, Chandler, Clark,
Cleveland. Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey,Doty,
Dunham, Durkee, Filth, Fowler, Fullei, Giddiiig~, Uilinore,
Gooilonow, Gott, Gould, Gimnell, IIallow.iv, Hampton,
Harlan, Heliaid, Hem v, Howe, laekson, Julian, Daniel P.
King, James G King, John A. Kmg, Preston King, Little-
fi< itl, Horace Maun, Job Mann, Malte^on, McCaugbev,
Meaeham, Mooie, Million, NeUon, l)!>le, Pea^ee, I'ock,
Pliffiillt, Pitman. Root, lto?e, Sackett, Sawlelle, Sctienek,
Sehei merhorn, cselioolei.m, SilvesUji, Spalding, t prasue,
'I'lia.ldeus Elevens, .^tet^on, Stiong, Swe.'t^er, T.iyloi, l)u-
derhlll, Walden, Waldo, Wi utwottli, White, Wlnlllesey,
Wildiiek, Wilinot, Wilson, Wiiilhiop, and Wood—87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[Mr. Putnam did not vote, having paired off,
he stated, with a gentleman from Georgia.]
Mr. CARTER. 1 wish to make an inquiry—
whether it would be in order to move an adjourn-
ment, and connect with it the pending business?
Whether you can override the rules by the action
of the House m thus connecting the business be-
fore the House with the motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion cannot be entertained. The motion to
adjourn would he in order after an intervening
motion.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I move that
when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next, at 12 o'clock.
Mr. SCtlENCii. Suppose we continue in
session till Wednesday, at 12 o'clock, what would
be the effect of that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair declines to anti-
cipate points of order, but will decide them suc-
cessively as ihey arise.
Mr. L1TTLEF1ELD. 1 desire to inquire
whether a motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this business till to-morrow at 12 o'clock,
and make it the special order, would be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not be m order.
Mr. feTANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
inquire for information how many questions will
have to be determined before we can reach the
hnu'ecO". and Woodvv-.r.l—32
•m,Y- vie-i rs. AH eron, Alexander, Alien, A sion,
,, Bi c, Bnlv, B.vio, Kennel!, Bmgh m, Booth,
T! .wdo.' Bowiin, Bo d, Breek. All fi t G. Br. wij. J .sepli
C , !e < e « Aif e ' C.ddwe:', Joseph P. C.^dwe 1,0*
hr ci i ga C.oe.Con..r, Co w,' , D <. key, l.uiy Du r,
Duaham Al.'vo,d,r Etais, Hjut e^o , [-. wle., Fuller,
Gi
main question r
The SPEAKER.
The Chair can state them at
o^^^^Gr^G,^, H.i,
II'bV'HeM.rv"!n'"i'iwd.'Huhbi d!'(«ge, v d
b§If
-va U'-o'.C Ii'm. M T;.n ,M Mul n M Clu e. , MeW illie,
... V/t.w. /  \r a i pli ft ift. V'or on, Mi i><> '> tge,
It b,r.
s '
^97,,.n, RM.M ii-n i." - ,
mLn Moic. Moiehe u'. Voron, Ni Ri}j
cr'.n, .".dd'on, ai>eppeid,dprMU.', l-'iedcick P. Manun,
the proper t me, as they arise. There are several
questions, however, pending. The question is
next on the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to Wednesday next.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and, being taken, were—yeas 38, nays 106; as fol-
lows:;
YBAS—Me^sr-*. Avernt, B.iyly, B 'ale, Ro\d, Brock,
Burt, George Allied CuhUvtll, Joseph P. CiiMweli, Clmg-
m.ui Colcock, KdiuusidfOii, Feather-ton, Grt-en, IioU.d.iy,
Tnce! James L- Johnson, Kohert VV. Jolin-'-n, JomiS, Kaut-
ni;ui K«*rr, J>a Ber<i, McQueen, Mfade, Milhoa, Orr, Out-
law 'povvoii, ilobbiiw, Savage, Seddon, Sht-pperrt, Freder-
ick Stanion, Richard H. Stanton, TJftotnas. John B.
Thompson7 Toombs, Venable, and Woodward—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alien, Alston,
Cay, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bovvim, Brings, Brooks. Al-
bert G. Brown, William .1. Brown, JJuel, Burrows, Thomas.
B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Carter,Chandler, Ciark,
Cleveland, Williamson it. W. Cobb, Conger^ Corwin, Dan-
iel, Dickey, Dimnnck, Doty, Duncan, Dunhiun, l)urkee>
A Evans, Pitch, Fowler, Fuller, Giddings, Gilmore, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell^ Ilal!owuy,'Hall, Harlan, Isham G. Harjis,
Hhv, Hayiuond, Hcbaid, Henry, Hilliard, Houpton, Howey
Hubbard, Jackson, And tew Johnson, Julian, Daniel r. King,
James G. King. John A. King, Preston King, Lutlefield, Hor-
aceMann, Job Mann, Marshall, Matteson,MeGaujJhey, Mc-
KiShOek,Hobuit M. MeLane, McMullen, Meaeham, Moore,
Morehead, Ntjlson, Ogle, Parker, l'faslen, l'eck, Pitmnn^
Reynolds, Ruot,R0fe, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehenck, Seher-
me*rhorn,J?ehooleraU, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Alexan-
der II. Stephens,Thaddeus Steven^,Stetson, Strong, tfvveet-
sor, Taylor, Van Dyke, W-ilden, Waldo, WatlaeH, White.
Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilmot, Wilson, Winthrop, ana
Wood—1U6.
So the House refused to adjourn to Wednesday
next.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
the House do now adjourn.
It wanted a quarter of ten o'clock.
Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and naysj which
were ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 25, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—-Mebsrs. Albertson, Bay, Bayly, Bowiin, Boyd,
Breck, Joseph P. Caldwell, Conrad, Daniel," Dimrmck,
Duncan, Alexander Evans, Ilali, Kerr, Marshall, Robert Mv
MeLane, Meade,' Moojehead, Powell, Bobbins, Savage,.
Seddon, Shepperd, John 8. Thompson, and Wallace—'25.
NAYS—Me.*>rs. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bingham,
Booth, Buggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrow*,, Cheater
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Carter,
Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Ciowcll,
Diekev, Doty, Dut-'r, Dunham, Durkee, Fiteh, Fowler, Ful-
ler, Gidding-i, Cilmore, Goodrnovv, Gott, Gould, Gnnnellr
llalloway, llampion, Ii.ulan, llebaid, Ilenry, liowe, Jack-
son, Julian, Daniel P King, Jame> C. Kmg, J dm A. King,
Preston King, Litflefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Matte-
son, Meaeham, Moore, Mottnn, Nehon, O^le, leasee,
Peck, JMtman, Root, Rose, rfa< kett, fc-awtelle, ScltetieK,
Seheimerhoiii, Schoolcraft, Silvester, tfimldntg, Sprasne,
'J'haddeu^ Strvt ns, stetson, Strong, Sweeper, Tayloi,
Undcrhill, Walden, Waldo, Wentvvorih, White, Whittle-
sey, Wildrick, Wilmot, add Winthrop—H4.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER announced that no quorum
had voted.
Mr. WOOD moved that the House take a recess.
The SPEA.KEII. That motion is not in order.
It cuti only be entertained by universal consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. As we
cannot move a call of the House, I move that we-
adjourn, and I do it in good faith. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FOWLER. Is the motion of the gentle-
man from Mississippi in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
House, when it was found without a quorum,
some time since, that in the present condition of
the business before the House, no other motion
can be entertained except a motion to adjourn.
No other business can be proceeded with by the
House without a quorum, and the Chair is of
opinion that though no action has intervened since
the rejection of the motion to adjourn, yet, as no
other motion is in order, a motion to adjourn
would be. The question,therefoie, is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson] that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has any business intervened
i since the last motion to adjouin ?
! The SPEAKER. No.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, 1 raise the question
|'l of order, that it is not then m order now to move
to adjouin.
li The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated, that
! i when a motion is made to adjourn, pending the
1, question there can be no point of order enter-
j! tatnd by the, Chair, nor can any question arise;
;< arid, for the reason which the Chair has already
li stated upon one or two occasions to the House,
!; that if when a motion to adjourn is made, a point
jj of older were entertained^an appeal Irotn the de-
!| cision of the Chair might be made, and the House
become involved in votes upon questions of order.
!: In tins State of things, the House will observe a
motion to adjourn would be clearly in order, which
would result in leaving a motion to adjourn in
order, at the same time that a previous motion to
adjourn was pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that when a motion
to adjourn is pending, another motion to adjourn
cannot be made, but I raise the point of order, that
