THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDA.Y, FEBRUARY 21, 1850.
New Series No. 25.
The SPEAKER, The Chair if? of opinion that
the motion is not in order. The House have
fixed a regular hoar of meeting, and the Chair is
of opinion that the hour cannot be changed in
this manner.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I understand the pending
motion to be to lay on the table the appeal of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
The SPEAKER. That is the motion before
the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to be excused
from voting; on that motion.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on Mr.
Clingman's motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to lay
that motion on the table.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
a motion to excuse a member from voting, can be
laid on the table.
So the motion of Mr* Stanton was not re-
ceived.
The question recurred, and was taken upon the
motion of Mr. Clwgman, for leave to be ex-
cused from voting, and the vote stood—yeas 44,
nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Alexander, Anderson, Bay,TCreek,Burrqs>
Albeit G. Brown, Burrows, Bun, E. C. Oahell, Joseph Ca-
ble, Campbell, 0<*rtfr, Copland, Colcoc-k. Conrad, Cor-
win, Duumick, Dunham, Ednnnuhon, Nathan Evans,
Ewine, Fitch, Henry, Holmes, Houston, Inge. Jones, Kerr,
Littfefield, Marshall, Robert M. MeLane, On*, Pesutfee,
Peck, Plujlp^ Pnman, Savage, Spalding, Jacob Thompson,
W>rmvorth, Wiidriek, and Wilson—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Ashe, Averett,
Baker, Bavly, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, Brooks, T.
B. Butler,George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chandler,
Clark, W. K.. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Crowell, lJaniel,
Dicke.v, Duer, Durkee, Fowler, Goodenow, Gould, G«in-
nell, Hackett, Hallowav, Harlan, Tshairj G. Harris Sampson
W. Harris, Hebard," HHhard. Howe, Jackson, Robert W.
Johnson, Julian. Darnel P. King, Georjre G. King, James G.
King, John A King, Preston ICinff. La Sere, H«r«u5<  Mann,
Job Mann, McQueen, McWiIhe, M^ichaui, Moore, Nelson,
Ode, Orr, Outlaw, Paiker, Potter, Powell, Reynold*, Rob-
bins, Root, Sawtelie, S<henek, Schoolcraft, fSlVpperd, Sil-
vester, Sprngue, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Richard K. Stanton,
Tharideus Stevens, Stetson, Stiong, Swce.tser, Tayloi,
Thomas, John B. Thompson, Underbill, Venable, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wmthiop, Wood,
Woodward, and Young—96.
So Mr. Clingman was not excused.
Mr. CALDWELL asked to be excused from
voting on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to ad-
journ, but withdrew the motion.
{ft was now half past II o'clock.]
Mr. CARTER renewed it.
The yeas and were asked and ordered.
The question, ** Will this House now ad-
journ r" was then taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 5S, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albeit=on, Anderson, Ashe, Averetf*
Bav. Baytv, Bowdon, Boyd, Breck, Bint, B. C. Cabell, G«
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chngman,W. It.W. Cobb*
Daniel, Dhnniiek, Edmund^on, Alexander Evans, Feathers-
ton,Green, I. G Harrw, S. W Harris, Billiard, Hubbard,
Jnge, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson,It. VV. John<on,
Jones. Kerr, La Sere, Marshall, R. M. MeLane. McQueen,
Mc Wilhe, Millson, Morehead, Orr, Outl wv, Parker, Ptvilps,
Robbing. tfavage.Shepperd, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton,
Thomas', John B.Thompson,Thurman, Venabie, Wallace,
and Woodward—52. . _ ,
NAYS Mpfisr#. Alexander, Allen, AMon, Raker, Bennett,
Bingham. Booth, Brisks Brooks, Burrows, T. B. Bntlei,
Joseph Cable, Campbell, Carter, Chandler, Clark, Cleve-
land, Cole, Conger, Cocwin, Crowell, Dickey, Doty, Duer,
Durkee, Nathan Evan?, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Giddings,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, GrmncH, Halloway, Hampton,
Harlan, Hehard. Henry. Howard, Hov\e, Jackson, Daniel P.
King, George G. King, James G. Km*. J. A. King, Preston
Kins, LitrlefUld, Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mattel, Mc-
Ki^sock, Meacham, Moore, Morton, Nel>on, Ogle, Otis,
peMee., Pitman, Potter, RewioUis, Root, Rose, Sackett,
S.uvtelle, Schenek, fteliermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
s?oahhng, Sl>r 2ue, Tliaddeus Steven*, Stetson, Strong,
Sweeper, Taylor. Underbill, Walden, Waldo, Wentworth,
White, Whittlesey, Wildriek, Wiimot, Wilson, Winthrop,
and Wood—?8.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said tVfat it was
his intention when the hour of twelve should
have arrived, or as near to that time as might be
in order, to submit a question of order for the de-
cision of the Chair. But before he (lid so, he
hoped that he might, by general consent, submit
a motion that when the House adjourns it adjourn
25
to meet on Wednesday next. He presumed that
there were few, perhaps no member of the House
who would desire to come here to-morrow after so
laborious and protracted a session as had now
been held. He was willing to remain here so
long as, under the rules, the question before the
House was still the legitimate business before it.
After that time shall have expired as, (if he was
correct in the point of order which he intended to
make,) it soon must expire, he hoped the House
would agree with him that an adjournment over
to Wednesday was as proper as he felt sure it
was necessary.
The point of order which he had indicated, and
to which he would now invite the attention of the
Chair, was this: By the rules of the House, on
Fridays and Saturdays, (the civil, calendar days,)
certain business, and only certain business, was
in order. So, also, upon the civil, calendar day,
(Monday,) certain business was in order, and
only in order then. Now, he submitted that the
civil, calendar day (Monday) expired at 12 o'clock
to-night, and that the resolution of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty) would cease at that
hour to be the regular business before the House;
that the day of Mondaij would then have expired—
the day on which, by the rules of the House, the
Stales could be called in their order for resolutions.
The hour of twelve had not yet quite arrived; but
he was sure that gentlemen, fatigued and ex-
hausted as they must be, would not make five or
ten minutes a matter of difference with him; and
he a^ked that, by unanimous consent, the point
should he decided now.
Mr. WENTWORTH interposed to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could pro-
ceed only by unanimous consent. If the penile-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] objected,
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
could not proceed with his remarks.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected, he said, to de-
bate.
Mr. McLANE. I do not wish to debate, nor
am I doing: so. I merely desired to state my point
of order fully and distinctly. I have no more to
say.
The SPEAKER. The point of order made by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] can-
not properly be considered before twelve o'clock.
Mr. McLANE. The hour of twelve is close
upon us. I ask that by unanimous consent the
point of order may be considered now.
The SPEAKER. If the House consent, the
Chair will give its opinion upon the point of order
now, as the Chair was prepared to decide it when
(he hour of twelve should have arrived. The
House can then take such action as it pleases.
Mr. WENTWORTH. What is the question
before the House?
The SPEAKER It is on the motion to lay on
the table the appeal taken from the decision of the
Chan*.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the question
will be taken.
No objection seeming to be interposed to the
consideration at this tune of the point of order
raised by Mr. Me,Lane.—
The SPEAKER proceeded. Anticipating that
this point of order might arise, the Chair has taken
pains to examine it, and has given to it the best
consideration and reflection which the time and the
circumstances have permitted, and has sought to
enlighten hisjudgmentfrom every sourccwithinhis
reach. And the Chair has arrived at the conclu-
sion that the " Monday" set apart by the rules
for the reception of resolutions, in the order of the
States and Territories, expires at twelve o'clock to-
night; and that when that hour shall have passed,
the business now before the House will, by the
force of the rules, pass from before the considera-
tion of the House as not belonging to any other
day of the week than Monday. That is the opin-
ion of the Chair on the point of order.
Mr, McLANE now moved thai when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Wednesday.
The SPEAKER, reviewing ^is decision on a
previous motion of similar import, entertained the
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 55, nays 83; as follows: *
So the House refused to adjourn to Wednesday.
[The hour of-twelve had now passed.]
Mr. McLANE moved that the House adjourn.
, The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Befote we adjourn let us un-
derstand each other eleaily on one point. I under-
stand, sir, (adJressing the Spkaker,) that the
Chair has decided that we can no longer acton
this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
And thereupon, at twelve minutes past twelve
o'clock, the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative without a division.
The SPEAKER announced that the House
stood adjourned until twelve o'clock this day.
The new form of annunciation created a good
deal of merriment, in the midst of which the
House adjourned.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. LITTLEFFELP pave notice of ins intention to Intro-
due?., as soon as he could under the rules, a hill to prohibit
the sale of intoxicating liquor* in the public buildings and
on the public giomtds in the city of Washington.
Mr. t HCBNIX. cave notice that he villi, at an early day,
ask leave to inttoduee a lull to make the ootmte of Wash-
ington, in the 8tnte of New York, a collection district, and
the tow n of White Hail a port of entry, to he ca led t'ledi.—
tnct of White Hall.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and appropriately referred:
By Mr. KING, of Ma.^uchusetw: The remonstrance of
Stephen C. Phillips of Sal.-in, and 40 others, againu the
extension of Woodworth'x patent lor pinning.
Also, tin; remonstrance ot David Daniel.* and 24 other
citizens of Datives, against a special not to make more
valuable Thomas Blanenard's   Stlf-riireciins Machine."
Al>-o, the petition ot G«*ora;c  O-borneniul 105«Uu*i citiic.ns
of Dnuver*, for the e&Utbli&lmietit ot two cents postage on
prepaid letters.
Bv Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
N. Thally, praying lor relief on account of an late©
conviction ami imprisonment on a ciiaige of feloniously
puiloirunii letters c.niUuinna money.
Bv Mr. TAYLOR: The petiuon of S. W. Ely, Anthony
Walkei, John Hough, and Thomas J- Winehip, the pjesent
and late registers and receivers of the land office at Chilll-
' collie, Ohio, piaying that fres may be allowed them for en-
ding military land warranty.
Bv Mr. CONGER; The-petition offlO citizens. ofCayuga,
and Seneca counties, New York, for the reduction of postage
on prepaid letter*, to two cents per halt'ounce, and lor iho
abobiion ofih^fraakins privilege. „   „ „ , ^
Kv Mi. CROWhLL: The petition of J. M. Hdle, David
S. Lee, and 116 other citizens ol Akron, Ohio, praying for
cheap pilotage.
Also, the" petition of John H. Ponald, Eh J. Baughton
and others, citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio, prajing lor
"Vy'lMr. BOOTH: The petition of J. B. Beadle and 196
other-, citizens of Mrmli-n, m the State of Connecticut,
Iiiayins loraunilnrin line of t>osta<;e wit weeding one cent
on newstuuieri* -mil two cents on encli prcp.iui letter ot mm
an ounce for all distance, and other coire-pontling tetoims.
ANo, Hie petition of Eilw.ird Ruuy and 31 oilier citizens
of KiHingworth, m tlie State of Connecticut, on the fume
subject. , _ , .a
Also, the petition of Rwfus Pratt and lo other pet sons of
Russia, in the State of New York, on the ^-anu, i-uhp ct.
ANo tin* potitnm of T. Woodward and ltf other citizens
of New Haven, in the State of Connecticut, on the feaine
D1MMICK: The petition of Peter Loph, a soldier
of the late war with Great Britain, i>raying for rehel, &c.
By Mr. LI ITLEFIELT) * The memorial of
Walker and 21 oUK-ts, practical uuclwmcs of i ornaiifl,
Maine, rcmot^tiahna ayaii.st the renewal of Ihe^Wood-
worth pianino-machine patent right, and pr«j wg tot d repeat
of the act giannng the hut ext. nsmu ot .aid f
Bv Mr. HAMPTON: The pennon of Wrn- "• ro.tcr, or
Pitisbifrff, tor a claim due to him as deputy commissary of
^B^Mr^klSLEY: the petition of John ^
others- citizens of ChsnUnuque. county, ATew York, praying
Con('re«s to grant an appropriation for the improvement of
P rf I"*"* ???-
er«« toffiant him a pension for services in the army of the
United States fioin lSOtito 1812, and lor loss of bealJi in
COXlT,ho1e^dofL'8:Morean <md 60 o,h,.,, cm*rn.
of CatMiatijjns county, New York, pitting Cmigrei* to es-
tablish the rate of po=wue at wo cents per hall  unce.
By Mr. BUTL.EU, of Pennsylvania ■ I he petition of Citi-
zens of Wyoming, Susqueimuna,. and imaeri-.e counties,
