386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Pennsylvania, asking for the establishment of a mail route
from Tunckhannock, Wyoming county, to Carbondale, Lu-
zerne county, via the Tunckhannock and East Branch
ClRvMr. BOYD: The petition of citizens of Fulton coun-
ty Kentucky, for a post route from Troy, in Tennessee, to
New Madrid, in Missouri. T
By Mr. MATTESON: The petition of Catharine Keller,
f°Ateoftiie petition of the president, directors, and cashier
of the Bank of Utiea, for a reduction of postage on prepaid
letters to a uniform rate of'two cents irrespective of
dlByriMr. HOWE: The petition of William F. Junkin and
34 others, citizens of Mercer county,Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to reduce the postage on letters and papers.
Also, the petition of John Foster and 71 other citizens of
the same county, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of Oi rin Colby and 35 others, students
of AHeghanv College, Pennsylvania, of the same import.
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of J. W. McLoud and
160 other citizens of the State of Iowa, praying an appro-
priation for the removal of obstructions to the navigation of
the Des Moines and Rock rivers.
Also, the petition of H. EL Hine and 150 others, citizens
of the State of Iowa, praying an appropriation for the same
Al^o the petition of Jacob Butler and 155 other citizens of
the State of Iowa, praying an appropriation for the same
PUBy°Mr. SPALDING: The petition of the widow and
chilriien of Lieut. Wiseman for a pension.
Also, the petition of John H. Dayton and others, lor a
new post route fiom White's Corners to Collins' Centre, in
the county of Erie, New York.
Also, three petitions in favor of cheap postage.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Hotace Ciiadvviek and 72
Others, citizens of New Madrid, Missouri, praying the estab-
lishment of the following post routes: First, a post route
from the town of New Madrid, to a post office at the line,
between Kentucky and Tennessee, to be called the "Line
Post Office," and thence to the post office called Silver
Top,"and from SilverTop, by said route,to "Troy Town."
Second, the establishment of a mail route from New Mad
rid, Missouri, to Wolf-Island Post Office, in the adjoining
county of Mississippi, in said State, via llichaid1 Phillips's
landing arid the mouth of James Bayou, on the Mississippi
niBv-Mr. ALEXANDER: The petition of William Brooks,
jr., and 80 other citizens of Liule Falls, Herkimer county,
New York, prat ing Congress to establish the rate ot postage
on prepaid letters at two cunts per half ounce.
AI*o, the petition of li. Churchill, W. Herkimer, ami 41
other citizens of Little Falls, Ileiknner county, New \ork,
for the same object.
By Mi. GOODENOW: The petition of Abraham An-
drew- and 44 other citizens of Fryeburg and vicinity, Maine,
asking for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of George F. Patten and 57 others, mer
chant*, ship-owners, insurer*, &c.3 ot Bath, Maine, praying
that the liability of ^hip-owners m certain ea es may be de-
termined by a law of the United States.
liv Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania* The petition of mem-
ber'of tli* Bedford bar and civil officers ot the county of
Bedfoul, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish the
rate of postage on piepaid letters at two cents per halt
ounee.
By Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of W. B. Scott
for buoys in the Niagara nver.
Also,'a petition for a harbor at Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Also, the ptoeeeding.s of a public meeting at Clinton, Dc
Wilt county, Illinois
AHo, the petition of citizens of Bloomington, McLean
county, Illmoi-, for two-rent postage.
Also, a pennon for a mail route from Belvidere, via Genoa,
Sycamore, Lo i Grove. Squaw Grove and Soiriouac to Ot-
tawa.
Also, the lemonstranee of sundry citizens of Lee county,
Illinois ag.uixt the giantmg of the right to ovcifiovv sundry
section" of land to C. K. Druey.
Al-o, the petition of fto^well Dow, teacher of Sycamore
select school, and his -students, for two-cent postage.
A No, the petition of Philo Cirpenter and other citizens
of Chicago, for two-cent postage.
AUt>, the petition of citizens of Sycamore for two-cent
postage.
AKo. a petition for a harbor at Holland, on the Black
river, in the St ne of Michigan.
By Mr. Wll.MOT: The petitions signed by 75 citizens of
Luzerne and Sti-quehanna counties, praying tor the estab-
lishment of a mail route between Tunckhannock and Onr-
b'Hidale in Pennsylvania, via Tunckhannock and Ea«t
Branch creek-.
Jiv Mr. YOUNG: The petition of J, T. B. Stapp and
h v others officer-* of the Illinois volunteers in the late war
with Mexico, asking additional remuneration in lands for
their M>rvtces, and that the same provisions be extended to
the heir- of d^e n^ed officers.
Bv Mr. DURKEG: Three memorials of the citizens of
Sale'm and Milwaukie, in the State of Wisconsin, relative
to the imprisonment of Drayton and Sayre; p.t^pnrfs to
colored pew>n-; and slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, two m emorials of the citizens of the State of Wis-
consin, proving a reduction of postage.
At-o, a petition of the citizens ot Racine county, in the
State of Wisconsin, praying for the improvement ot the
harbor at South port.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Racine county, in the
State of Wiscon-in, piaymg for thefree navigation of the
tS. Lawrence river.
Also, a petition of the citizens of the State of Wisconsin,
praung for a Congress of Nations.
By Mr. HOWE : The petition of William F. Junkin and
34 others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to reduce the postage on letters and papers.
Also, the petition of John Foster and 71 others, citizens
of the same county, on the same subject.
KAtao, the petition of Orrin Colby and $5 others, student*
of Alleghany College, Pennsylvania, of the same import.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of Horace A. Fisk and others,
citizens of Waterville, Vermont, for a reduction of postage.
By Mr-. BRIGGS: Resolution of the Legislature of the
State of New York, in favor of a speedy improvement of the
harbor? and rivers of our country. *
By Mr. BEALE: The petition of John Vaughan and others,
praying that Congress do not employ Chaplains m the Army
or Navy ofthe United States. _
By Mr. JACKSON : The petition of Henry W ells, 8. S.
Ellsworth, and 80 others, citizees of Penn Yan, Yates
county, New York, praying that a uniform postage of five
cents each be charged on all letter not exceeding hair an
ounce,for all distances within the United States; and that
newspapers be transmitted by mail thirty miles lrom the
place of publication, or within the county in which they aie
published, free of postage.
Bv Mr. PEA?LEE: The petition of B. Stearns and others,
citizens of Nashua, New Hampshire, for reduction of post-
age to two cents per half ounce on prepaid letters.
Bv Mr. LITTLI F11LT): The niemo.nl of Natliaiel
W. lker and 21 others, practical mechanics, of Portland,
Maine rerrionstiating against Ihe renewal of the Wood-
work pbmiri!: machine parent right, and praying i1" a re-
peal of the act granting ihe last < xiension of sad pa'-
ent. . „
By Mr. DOT?: The memorial of the Legislature ot
W'scon^iri, for a survey of 'he country last purchased by
the (Jiiitrd States of ihe Menemonce Indians, in Wis
consin.
■Ms,, the pftiticn ef C .!. Maish, H G. Webb, and
other--, for a mail roil''1 from Waushara, bv Grandville and
Ha-nilt n, to Ste-en-.'s Pmnt inWi-con=in
* Also, ti'e peti ion of members of tie L< gistature of Wis-
ccriri, a lii 'ff a reilue'ion of postage to two cents.
liv Mr RINGIUM : The p.' itio i for a mail route from
Pontiac to La Pier, in the State of Michigan.
liy Mr. Rl> K. The pe ltion of Z. Baiton Stout, J. C.
Shelton, P.M. Bentlcy, Hiram Asliky, Harvey Jewelt,
John Quirk, and other (itizens of Itichmond, Ontario coun-
ty, pra-. ing for chr.'p postage.
By Mr. CALDWELL, ol Kentucky: A memorial of a
meeting of c.tizens of Pulaski county, Kentucky, a-king
Congiess to grant bounty land 10 the < tiicers ai d soldiers of
the. war of 1812, .in.I to the officers of the Mexican war.
Also, the memorial of offieers arid soldier-, of the war of
1812, at a meeting held in Richmond, Kentucky, asking for a
part of the public eomain ti their s rvices in said war.
By Mr. WALPO: Til.- petition of John A. Francis, in
behalf of himself and the heirs of Daniel Francis, de-
ceased, for indemnity for French spoliations.
IN SENATE,
Monday, Februrary 18, 1850.
Mr. CALHOUN resumed his seat this morning
for the first time since his.sevcre indisposition.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICfc PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate acommunication from the Secretary of State,
made in compliance with the act of the 2Gth of
August, 1842, showing the disbursements of the
appropriations for the service of that Department,
including foreign missions; winch was ordered to
he on the table, and the motion to print referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Also, a repot l of the Secretary of Wai, commu-
nicated in compliance with a i evolution ofthe Sen-
ate of the 5th instant, covering the report of Lieut.
M. L. Smith upon the improvement and drainage
of the Valley of Mexico; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and the motion to print was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented sixty-
one petitions, numerously signed by citizens of
Boston and other places in ihe .State of (Massachu-
setts, asking lhat the spirit ration in the navy may
be abolished.
Also, a petition from Ezekiel .Tories, ari officer
in the revenue cutter service, asking that the spirit
ration may be abolished.
Also, a petition from the same, asking that cor-
poral punishment may be abolished in the navv;
which several petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr HALE presented a petition signed by thirty
citizens of Winthrop, in the State of Maine, ask-
ing the adoption of measures for the establishment
of a Congress of Nations for the settlement of in-
ternational difficulties; which was referred to the
Committee on Foieign Relations.
Also, a petition signed by 34 citizens of Hollis-
ton, Massachusetts, asking a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of New York; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce and or-
dered to be printed;
State of New York,
In Assembly, January 21, 1850.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That this Legislature
has seen, with protound satisfaction, the patriotic and con-
stitutional recommendations of the President of the United
States, that wise and sufficient appropriations be made for
the construction of harbors and the improvement of the
navigation of liveis.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That our Senators and
Representatives in Connrcss will reflect and express the
wishes of the people of the State of New York, m advoca-
ting such hill as will best facilitate the speedy and complete
improvement of the harbors and livers of our country.
By order: J AS. ROSE, Clerk.
State of New York,
In Senate, January 24, 1850.
Resolved, That the Senate do concur in the foregoing res-
olutions. Bv order of the Senate :
WM. H. BOG ART, Clerk.
Mr. S. also presented three petitions from citi-
zens of Rochester, asking a reduction in the rates
of postage, and the abolition of the franking privi-
lege.
Also, three petitions from citizens of New York
to the same effect; which were severally referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. .
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of D. E.
Wilson and others interested in the manufacture
of iron, asking an increase of duties on foreign
iron; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, a memorial signed by citizens and seamen
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking that the
seamen in the navy who served in the late war
with Mexico may be allowed the same extra pay
and bounty land that was granted to the regulars
and volunteers of the army; which was referred
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented tivo petitions from
citizens of Maine, asking a reduction of the rates
of postage to two cents on the half ounce; which
was referred to th& Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New Orleans, in favor of a
reduction of the rates of postage and the restriction
ofthe franking privilege; which was referred tothe
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Savannah, Georgia, in favor of the reduc-
tion of postage; which petition, with the memo-
rial, was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Illinois, asking a grant of land to the State
of Iowa to aid in the construction of a road from
Davenport to Council Bluffs; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
the American Institute of the city of New York,
asking the establishment of an agricultural bureau;
which was referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
Also, a petition of citizens of Rochester, in the
State of New York, asking that the franking priv-
ilege may be abolished and the price of postage
reduced; which was referred to the Committee on
the-Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TURNEY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Tennessee, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Winchester to Manchester, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a resolution of the General Assembly of
Tennessee, in favor of the enactment of a law-
allowing to each non-commissioned officer and
private who served in the war of 1812, and who
served in the Florida war, and was honorably dis-
charged from service, a land certificate or warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, to be at
any time located, upon any public unappropriated
land now or that may hereafter come into market;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Alabama, asking that certain public lands
in that State reserved for naval purposes may be
exposed to public, sale; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. K. also presented a petition of citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking a grant of
bounty lands to the soldiers and volunteers who
served in the Seminole war; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petitiou of Lewi3
B. Willis, formerly a paymaster in the army, ask-
ing an equitable settlement of his accounts; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. M. also presented.the memorial of the heirs
of Charles Lewis, deceased, a revolutionary offi-
cer, asking to ba allowed seven years' half pay;
