1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of citizens of
Shelby county, Texas, and a petition of the
parishes of Natchitoches and Sabine, in Louisiana,
asking the establishment of a mail route from Nat-
chitoches to Shelbyviile, in Texas; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of Robert
Ferguson, a memorial of Sarah G. Besse, a me-
morial of Peregrine Shanks, and a memorial of
Frederick Kounig, all asking indemnity for
French spoiliations committed priorto ]800; which
were referred to the select committee on the subject.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am requested to present
the petition of Messrs. Little & Brown, publishers
and booksellers of well-known respectability in the
city of Boston, praying Congress to subscribe for
a certain number of copies of a work proposed to
Be published by them, which work is the Journal
of John Aclams, second President of the United
States. They refer in the petition, to the proceed-
ings of Congress in regard to the papers of General
Washington, Madison, Jefferson, and Monroe.
They state that they have a Diary of John Adams,
second President of the United States, from the
year 1755, and other important public proceedings
collected by him but never yet published. They
think it a proper work for the patronage of Con-
gress; and they desire that Congress may sub-
scribe for a certain number of the volumes, to be
printed- at a certain price. Their accuracy and
fidelity a3 printers is well known to both Houses
of Congress. I ask that the petition be referred to
the Committee on the Library and be printed.
"The petition was so leferred, and the question
of printing was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, asking a
modification of the tariff act of 1846; wliich was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FELCH presented the memorial of Henry
R. Schoolcraft, asking compensation for his ser-
vices as a disbusing agent of the Indian bureau be-
tween the years 1822 and 1841; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affans.
Also, additional documents relating to the me-
morial of the legal representatives of John Ander-
son; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, additional documents relating to the peti-
tion of Ezra Williams; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of the
late and present receivers and registers of the Hel-
ena land office, in Arkansas, asking to be allowed
commissions on the entry of lands under military
bounty land warrants.
Mr. S. observed that, as a general bill had al-
ready been reported, he would move that the peti-
tion lie on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, asking a sur-
vey of the Menominee purchase in that State, and
that the settlers thereon my be allowed the right of
preemption; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, asking the establishment of a mail route from
Muscoda to Adams, the county seatrtf Sauk coun-
ty in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads and or-
dered to be. printed. ,,
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of Peter M.
Pail let, asking indemnity for losses sustained by
the destruction of his property during the attack
of the United States army on Tabasco, in Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of Joseph
Farrant, heir of a revolutionary officer, asking
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions. .
AJso, the petition of James P. Delacour, asking
that the presentation of any document in the Sen-
ate for the dissolution of the Union may be made
cause for the expulsion of the Senator who may
present it; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the memorial of the heir of Benjamin
Montanye, asking compensation for his services
as a bearer of dispatches in the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revulu-
ionary CI lims.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Ohio, asking
the recognition of the independence of Liberia;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, the memorial of Benjamin E. S. Ely, with
a plan for maintaining a military post in Califor-
nia; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WH1TCOMB presented a joint resolution
passed by the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of
the claim of the representatives of Colonel Francis
Vigo, for advances made to the troops commanded
by General George Rogers Clark in 1778-9; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and a motion to print the same was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
Cyrus Wheelock, asking a pension for injuries
sustained in the war of 1812; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Maine, ask-
ing for the passage of a law abolishing flogging in
the navy of the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of lows, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa and Illinois, asking the removal
of the obstructions in the upper and lower rapids
in the Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Cedar county,
Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid m the construc-
tion of arailroad from Davenport to Council Bluffs;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Clayton county,
Iowa, asking that Thomas Linton's title to the
Indian Farm, on Yellow river, be confirmed;
which was referred to the Committee on Ptfblic
Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Ordted, That the petition ofJuhn Maiilan, on the files of
the Senate, lie rcterred to tlie Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the petition of Foxall A. Parker be with-
drawn Irom the files and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of Em.
B. Thompson, asking compensation for diplomatic
services performed by her husband, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations; which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the officers and crew of
the revenue cutter Hamilton, asking that the navy
pension laws may be extended to them, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be deferred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Wm. D. and Julia Aiken,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be print-
ed, accompanied by a bill for her relief, which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the case of Commander James Mcintosh,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be print-
ed, accompanied by a hill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Charles Colburn, made an
adverse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed. .
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of John Pierce, made an
adverse report on the same; which was oruered. to
be printed. .
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
reports of the Secretary of State, showing the
names and compensation of clerks and other per-
sons employed during the year 18-19, and the dis-
bursements of the appropriations for the service of
that Department, including foreign missions, re-
ported in favor of printing the same.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to "print the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with statements of con tracts
authorized by that Department, of payments for
the discharge of miscelleneous claims, &c., re-
ported in favor of printing the same; which was
concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred the motion to print the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking that two offi-
cers be stationed at the observatory of Alabama
for the prosecution of astronomical studies, re-
ported in favor of printing the same; which was
concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the memorial of Charles
Barrell and Wilder, in behalf of the heirs of the
widow of Captain Robert Gray, asking the con-
firmation of their title to the lands purchased of
Indian tribes m 1791 in the northwest coast of
America, reported against printing the same;
which was concurred in.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of citi-
zens of Michigan, asking a change of location of
land office in that State, reported a bill to establish
an additional land office in the State of Michigan;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Also^ from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Thos. Webb and John
Cookern, register and receiver of the land office at
Greenboro', Louisiana, submitted an adverse re-
port on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred a bill granting
to the State of Alabama the right of way and a
donation of public lands to aid in constructing a
railroad from Selma to the Tennessee river, and a
bill gran tin-: to the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi respectively a donation of public lands to aid
in the constiuction of a railroad from the city of
Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio river, asked to be
discharged fioin the further consideration of the
| said bills, and that they be referred to the Com-
i mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
I Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
I Judiciary, 10 which was referred the memorial of
I Thomas W. Chinn and others, asking to be re-
lieved from a judgment against them as sureties of
Thos. G. Morgan, tete collector of New Orleans,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agieed to.
Mr. MANCUM, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to which wasrefeired the memorial
of the representatives of Wm. A. Slocum, asking
compensation for his services in obtaining inform-
ation in relation to settlements on the Oregon
river, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of the
representatives of Wm. A. Slocum, which was
read and passed to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which was considered and
agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Juthciary be in-
structed to mqune into the expediency of establishing eir-
cmt courts of the United States in the States of Wisconsin
and Iowa.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire whether an amendment of the act of the
11th Februaiy, 1847, mj as to authorize the sale or assign-
ment of land warrants iiel'oio they are actually issued at the
office, is necessaiy or expedient.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following,
which was considered arid agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commitree on the Post Office and
post Roads mqimf into the expediency of establishing a mat!
rnnte troui Powhatan, in tl.e county of Lawrence, in the
Slate of Arlcan^n, via Walcott, to WileysviUe, in Green
countv, m riute, and an extension, from Paraelifteo,
in SevL<jr countv, Htatp of Arkansas, to Rocky Cotnfbrtj in
batd county, of the unite fiom Washington to Paraciutee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi) submitted the fol-
lowing:
Resolved, That the memoir and map ofreconnoissance of
the Tonoiftaphica! Engineers, showing the opeiauuns of thu
a. niv of the United States in Texas and the adjacent Mexi-
can States on the Rio Grande, called for by resolution of the
Senate of the 8th August, 1848, and now on the fi.es of the
Senate, he printed foi the use of the Senate.
Resolved That, in addition to the usual numher, there be
printed 230 extra, for the use of the bureau.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
bv Mr. Baldwin, was taken up and adopted:
"Resolved That the Committee on Commerce he instruct-
ed to inquiremto the expediency of providing b> law a salary
for the collector of the eu&toins for the port arid district of
Middletown, Connecticut.
