-urn
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'July 31,
Houston, Htmter, Jones, King, Mnngum, Norris, Pratt, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Sturgeon, Walker, and Whitcomb—30.
NAYS—Mes«r<s. Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton, Butter,
Chase, CHarke, Dnvi* of Massachusetts, Davis of Mi^i^sippi,
Dayton, 0< dge of Wisconsin, Giving, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Mason, Milter, Morton, Phelps, Seward, Smith, S<>ul6,
Sp n« ce,Tnrney. Underwood, Upham, Whales, Wintbrop,
and Yulee—28.
So the amendment of Mr. Bradbury was agreed
to.
JVTr N0RR1S moved to amend the.tenth section
of the bill, by striking out the words " establish-
ing or prohibiting African slavery and on that
question he called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
A short conversation ensued between the PRES-
IDENT, Mr. BERRIEN and Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, as to whether the amendment of Mr.
Norris was in order. The President having
decided the amendment to be in order,
The amendment was then debated by Messrs.
DOWNS, FOOTE, PHELPS, PRATT, TUR-
NEY, CLAY, BUTLER, BERRIEN, and
CASS.
Mt\ MANGUM moved that the Senate do now j
adjrfurn.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered,
and were:
YEAS—M^rs, Barter, Barnwell, Bell. Clemen5", Ew-
ins Hunter, Mdncuni, Pearce, Phelps, and Yulce—10.
NAY-*— Me^rs. Atchison, Rentnn, Biadhury, Bright,
Butler, (\isp, Chapf, Clarke. Cl.iv, Coot-er, Davis of Missis-
sippi, O.iw-son, Dickinson, Doriire of Wisconsin. Dodge of
Iowa, Dought". Dovvn«, Fclch, Foote, Gieene, Hale, Ham-
lm. Houston. Jom s, Kin?, M.iJ-on, Miller, .Morion,"Pratt,
Buck, Seward, Shields, Smith. S«>ul<£, Stu^on, Turnev,
Underwood, Wales, Walker, Winthrop, and Wliitcomh—41.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The debate was continued by Messrs. BER-
RIEN, FOOTE, DOWNS, and DAVIS of Mis-
sissippi, who, on the suggestion of several Sena-
tors, yielded, without finishing, for a motion to
adjourn, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 31,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER has appointed, in accordance
with the orders of yesterday, Mr. James G. King,
of New Jersey, to the vacancy in the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, occasioned by the resignation
of Mr. Winthrop; Mr. Joseph W. Jackson, of
Georgia, to the vacancy occasioned by the absence
and indisposition of the Hon. Mr. Hackett; and
Mr. Georcr W. Julian to the Committee on Ac-
counts, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death
of the late Hon. Daniel P. King, of Massachu-
setts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, desired to be in-
formed by the Speaker, what was the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER said, the regular order of busi-
ness was the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the regular order.
REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
On a former day, when the bill from the Senate
concerning the compensation of registers and re-
ceivers of the United States land officers to locate
bounty-land warrants had come up, it had been
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. *
Sir. RICHARDSON had moved a reconsider-
ation of that vote.
Mr. R. now rose and expressed his desire to :
■withdraw that motion, if it was in order for him j
to do so. i
The SPEAKER said, the motion to reconsider i
could be withdrawn by the unanimous consent of!
the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask leave to withdraw
the mo/ion.
No objection having been made,
The motion was withdrawn.
So the Will stands referred to the Committee on
Public Lands,
Mr. CHANDLER rose to give notice of his in-
tention to a«k leave fo introduce a bill modifying
the act of July 30, 1846, fixing |he rate of duties
on articles imported into the United States.
The SPEAKER said, if no'objection was made
the notice would be entered; but, in any event,
the gentleman could give the motion under the
rule.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the
regular order of business.
- The SPEAKER thereupon proceeded to call the*
committees for,
REPORTS.
Mr, L1TTLEF1ELD, from the Committee on
Agriculture, to which had been referred memorials
of several State Legislatures, of agricultural socie-
ties, and of sundry individuals, in favor of the es-
tablishment of an agricultural bureau in the De-
partment of the Interior, asked that that commit-
tee be discharged from their further consideration,
and that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT, from the minority of the
Committee on Agriculture, asked leave to intro-
duce a bill and report on the same subject.
Mr. CROWELL rose to inquire if the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs had been called?
The SPEAKER said, it had not.
Mr. CROWELL. Has it been reached ?
The SPEAKER. Not yet.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Bennett, for leave to introduce a bill and re-
port from the minority of the Committee on Agri-
culture—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, objected, be-
cause, he said, the remaining committees could not
be reached \C any discussion arose.
The SPEAKER said, the report came from the
minority of the Committee on Agriculture, which
committee had been called in its order for reports.
But a minority could not report a bill without con-
sent
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew the objection.
Mr. JONES. 1 renew it. I am opposed to an
agricultural bureau.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The gen-
tleman can present the report—which may be sent
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—but not the bill.
Some conversation followed,, the result of which
was, that both reports (of the majority and minor-
i ity) were referred to the Committee of the Whole
j on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
•Mr. CASEY. I suppose the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bennett] can give notice of his
intention to introduce the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can do so by
unanimous consent; but there is no necessity for
that course, as thee'gentleman can, if he desire,
give notice at any time, under the rule, of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce the bill. Or,
whenever the subject shall come up in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, the gen-
tleman can, without notice, offer his proposition.
In the mean time, the Speaker suggested thatjhe
bill might be printed as a part of the report.
Mr. JONES. How is that5 I object. I ob-
ject to the bill being introduced.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House It is merely proposed to print it as a part
of the report.
Mr. JONES. T object to the printing.
The SPEAKER. The House ha3 ordered the
majority and minority reports to be printed, and
the bill is a part of the report.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,
the Committee on Agriculture was discharged
from the further consideration of the memorial of
Wm. H. Paddock, of New York, praying the aid
of Congress in the establishment of an Agricul-
tural Institution at Washington city; and it was
ordered to lie on the table.
THE LATE COLONEL P. M. BUTLER.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to "whom had been re-
ferred the joint resolution from the Senate pro-
viding for the settlement of the accounts wifh the
heirs and representatives of the late Colonel Pierce
M. Butler, late agent for the Cherokee Indians,
reported the same back without amendment.
The bill bavins been read by its title—
Mr. JOHNSON asked thatit might be put upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER said that the bill would be
read.
Mr. JOHNSON said that before the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bill, he (Mr. J.) desired to say
a very few words in explanation of its object.
And he was satisfied that if gentlemen would give
him their attention for a few moments, whilst he
explained the character of the bill, and the action
of the Senate upon it, they would not hesitate to
sustain the motion he had made.
Colonel Butler was an agent- of the Cherokee
Indians—a post of high responsibility 
Mr. DUER (interposing) desired to be informed
by the Speaker, whether there was any question
before the House.
The, SPEAKER. The question is on the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, (continuing.) An immense
number of accounts were examined and passed
through his hands. After he left the station, large
amounts of suspended accounts, as is- usual, re-
mained "here against him. He came on to this
city, as is almost invariably necessary in luch
cases, with his accounts, and was engaged in the
examination and settlement of them. He had pro-
ceeded with the settlement to the full extent of all
the accounts, with the exception of some five
thousand three hundred dollars.
Al that time Colonel Butler, who had been ap-
pointed to the command of a regiment from South
Carolina, was ordered by the (jrovernment to take
up his line of march for Mexico. When he left,
the sttlement of his accounts had not yet been
completed. No one but himself was capable of
making the examination necessary, but finding
himself compelled to take his departure, he left on
record his solemn declaration that, upon the com-
pletion of the examination, it would be found that
the Government was in his debt to the amount of
eight hundred dollars.
The fate of this gallant officer and accomplished
gentleman is known to the country* At the battle
of Cherubusco—one of the most brilliant actions
recorded in the history of the Mexican war—he
fell ^t the head of his regiment.
The heirs of Colonel Butler found his estate,
small" and embarrassed as it is, subject to this
amount of five thousand three hundred dollars of
suspended accounts; and they have proposed to
the Government that his claims, of what nature
soever againstthe Government,should begiven up,
and that the Government should consider the ac-
counts between itself and the estate of Colonel
Butler as settled.
The Senate, after a full consideration of all the
circumstances of the case, and putting faith in the
declaration recorded by Col. Butler previous to his
departure for those battle-fields from which he
never returned, have passed this joint resolution
balancing- accounts between the two parties. I
the resolution will be put on its passage.
Mr. CROWELL desired to be informed by the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
[Mr. Johnson,] whether he [Mr. J.] was not
convinced, from conversation with the accounting
officers, that these accounts could be satisfactorily
explained and settled if Colonel Butler were now
here to make the requisite explanations, and that
he had paid out all the moneys that he had re- -
ceived, ami more too?
Mr. JOHNSON said, such was the state of
facts. He had at the moment forgotten to make
that statement. The accounting officers were satis-
fied that the accounts were just and correct; but
the examination had not been completed unde'r all
those technical requirements, which a due regard
to the public service threw around the settlement
of the accounts of its officers.
Mr. J. then moved that the resolution be put
upon its passage, and on that motion he asked the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will be
read through.
The resolution was then read.
The question recurring on the demand for t-he
previous question, there was a second.
The main question was ordered, and being
taken,
The joint resolution was read a third time and
Mr. JOHNSON moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
INDIANS IN TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. CROWELL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, without amendment,
Senate bill entitled "An act to enable the President
to negotiate with the Indians of the prairies south
and west of the Missouri river, to the northern line
of the State of Texas, embracing the Indians of the
mountains and including those of New Mexico."
The bill having been read by its title—
Mr. CROWELL said, he was instructed by the
