388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
The following resolutions, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin, were taken up and
adopted:-*
Resolve'l, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate copies of a iepo tof the survey and
goundiiiffs of the Jiaibor of Racine, in the State of Wiscon-
sin, made by Lieut. Webster daring the past summer, with
the accompanying map and papers; as also with any aad-
ditional and correct information of the commerce of the
Lakes" that may be m possession of the Chief of the Bu-
reau of Topographical Engineets.
Resolved, That tin* Secretaiy of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate a statement of the amount of
public money expended for the construction of harbors, the
building of lighthouses, or for other purposes, within the
present limits, of Milwaukee land district, designating each
object of expenditure, its locality, purple, See.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Dodge, of Iowa, was taken up and adopt-
ed :
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
probation for a geological survey o{ Oregon Teriitory.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to amend the several acts es-
tablishing district courts of the United States in
the State of Florida, and to provide for writs of
error and appeal from said courts; which was re-
ported back to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order, being the series of resolutions offeied
by Mr. Clay,
Mr. DOWNS addressed the Senate for up-
wards of two hours, and, without concluding,
gave way for a motion to adjourn. [Mr. D.'s
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 19, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part—
Mr. HILLIARD said, it was manifest that the
Journal could not be satisfactorily read this morn-
ing. He moved, therefore, that the further reading
be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER said, unanimous consent would
be required.
Mr. ROOT said it was a wholesome practice to
read each day the record of what had been done
the previous day. Ho objected, therefore, to dis-
pensing with the further reading of the Journal.
The Clerk then proceeded with the leading
thereof.
The reading having been concluded, the Journal
was approved.
INTOXICATING LIQUORS.
Mr. LITTLEP1ELD having obtained the floor,
asked the unanimous consent of the House to he
allowed to introduce a bill, of which he had given
previous notice. The title of the bill was read for
information as follows, to wit: u A bill to prohibit
the sale of intoxicating liquors in the public
buildings, and on the public grounds, in the city
of Washington."
Objection having been made, the bill was not
introduced.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] is regularly m order.
The question on that motion was then taken,
and dccided in the affirmative.
So the House again lesolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He objected to the further consideration
of the President's annual message, (which was
the subject under consideration when the com-
mittee last rose,) with a view to move that the
committee take up the special message of the
President of the United Slate, in answer to the
resolution of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable]—(that is, the special message on
California.)
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man be so obliging as to state what the object of
the motion is ?
Mr. GIDDINGS (apparently not hearing the
inquiry) asked for tellers on his motion.
Mr. INGE inquired of the Chair, whether the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable,]
(who was-entitled to the floor on the President's
annual message,) had yielded it.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the objection of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] is in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, his motion was that the
committee should now take up the special message
of the President.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question will be
whether the committee will proceed to the con*
sideration of the annual message of the President.
If the committee should determine that it will not
proceed to the consideration of that message, it
would be m order to move to take up any other
business.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the Chair ^tate the
question distinctly?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, whether
or not the committee will proceed to the further
consideration of the President's annual message?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, desired to be informed
whether, if the committee should proceed to other
business, the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] would be entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN said, he would decide that
question when it should properly come up.
- After a brief conversation between M r WENT-
W011TH, Mr. JONES, Mr. INGE, Mr. RICH-
ARDSON, and Mr. GIDDINGS—
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that he
concurred with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] in the propriety of taking up the spe-
cial message of the President at the earliest mo-
ment. I>nt he would suggest that the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] was entitled
to the floor. That gentleman wished to direct his
remarks to the discussion of the annual message,
and nothing else. He (Mr. MeL.) submitted that
the gentleman from Ohio should postpone his mo-
tion to take up the California special message,
until the gentleman from North Carolina had made
his remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to order.
Mr. GIDDINGS withdrew his motion.
THE ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Whereupon, the committee resumed the consid-
eration of the several resolutions referring to the
appropriate committees the various subjects em-
| braced in the annual message of the President of
the United States.
Mr. VENABLE was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committeo at length. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose and objected
to the further consideration of the President's an-
nual message, with a view to move to take up
the special message relating to California.
Mr. McCLERNAND laised the point of order
on the motion of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane ]
Mr. CAMPBELL called to order.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the Chairman
had just awarded the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell.] That gentleman was upon
the floor, or was supposed to be upon the floor.
He (Mr. McC.) insisted that the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] had no right to take the
floor from the gentleman from Ohio. The case
was distinguishable from that which had been
made this morning by the gemleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings ]
Mr. McLANE. I think that under the rule, I
have the right to deprive the gentleman of the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN said he should overrule the
point of oiderof the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
McClernand.] The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] to whom the floor had been awarded,
had neither commenced his speech nor made any
motion; and, in the judgment of the Chair, it was
competent for any gendeman to rise and object to
the further consideiation of the annual message,
and to move that it be laid aside with a view to
take up some other business.
The CHAIRMAN desired to know whether the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] ap-
pealed from the decision.
Mr McCLERNAND said, that before answer-
ing that question he would like to be informed by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] wheth-
er it was with his assent that the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] made his motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL said, no; Me objected to the
motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then I appeal from the
decision of, the Chair.
The CHAIR stated the question, and remarked
that the appeal was not debatable. The Chair
would ask, however, that the rule might he read.
Mr. McLANE said he would not press the point
now. But he hoped he might be permitted to call
the attention of the committee to a single fact.
Objections were made.
Mr. McLANE withdrew his motion; giving
notice, however, that he should ask a vote upon it
when th'e gentleman who now held the floor had
concluded his remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL then addressed the Chair,
occupying his hour, in a reply to the charges made
against the North. [His speech will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. MrLAIVAT-TAN obtained the floor.
[Mr. PRESTON KING raised the same point
of oider twice raised this morning, objecting to the
further consideration of the subject before the
committee, with a view to take up the California
message. The Chair sustained the point of order.
Mr. McClernand appealed from the decision, and
by ayes 54, noes 82, the decision was reversed.]
Mr. McLANAHAN then addressed the com-
mittee. He said:
Nothing was further from my intention than to
address either the House or the Committee of the
Whole, at so early a day in its session. But I
have been so much astonished and pained by the
sentiments I have heard avowed upon this floor,
that I would do injustice to my own feelings, as
well as to the expectations of the sterling consti-
tuency I have the honor in part to represent, were
I to remain entirely silent. Sir, not many days
after the commencement of the session, an hon-
orable member from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
under circumstances of the highest excitement in
this hall, emphatically asserted that the dark and
portentous subject of slavery lay at the bottom of
all our difficulty in effecting an organization of the
House; that sectional feeling, sectional prejudices
were at woik, and sectional lines wereabout to be
drawn, which arrayed theNorth against the South.
Let us for a moment revert to what has occurred,
and see with what semblance of justice a charge
at once so seiious and so important was made. A
southern candidate for the Speakership was nomi-
nated by the Democratic party, and supported by
the united votes of that party, North and South.
A noi thern candidate was nominated by the Fede-
ral party for the same office, and was supported
by the united northern and southern votes of that
party. I have nothing to say of the guerilla troops
that hung on the flanks of the great contending
armies. But, sir, it is well known that the regu-
lar line'Of battle was drawn up according to well-
established party tactics. Party organization was
paramount to all sectional feeling throughout the
contest. Had sectional instead of party lines been
drawn, how different the result*, for then it.is and
must be perfectly evident to every one, that the
conjoint vote from the North and West, irrespect-
ive of party ties, could have elected the officers, and
organized the committees of this House within
, two hours after we were assembled together on the
first day of the session. The Speaker occupies
the chair in which you now sit by a party vote,
and was thus invested with authority to appoint
the committees. With what skill, judgment, and
justice he discharged that important duty, remains
to be seen—the prognostic laudations of the Union-
and the Penvsylvanian to the contrary notwith-
standing. It is true that the nominee of the Dem-
j ocratic party for the office of Clerk—a gentleman,
I by the way, who brought to the advocacy of the
; southern view of the question of slavery an amount
i of energy, and argument, and eloquence, seldom
] equalled, and never surpassed by the most gifted
, son of the South—it is true he was defeated by
| the desertion of southern Democrats, who saw fit
| to elect a southern Whig. No one dare allege that
| this defection arose from sectional motives. It
I was a purely patriotic act. The vote cast a few
