1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
sion higher than his lineal rank, was entitled to
rank according; to his staff" rank pn courts-martial
and when different corps of the army meet. The
resolution did not propose to touch that question
at all. But under this 61st article of war, regard-
ing rank from prior commission, officers of the
iine of the army who had resigned their staff com-
mission, held rank notwithstanding according to
their prior commissions. And he held in his hand
a very able and lucid report from the War Depart-
ment, setting forth the necessity of this resolution
at this "moment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. What objection has
the gentleman from South Carolina to postponing
this subject until the President sends in his report
upon the subject ?
, _ Mr. BURT replied, noneat all. Heh&d deemed
it his duty not to press the bill which he had pre-
viously reported concerning brevet rank, until that
report should come in. But he would inform the
gentleman from -Maryland, that there was a case
now; and, as he was informed, there was likely to
be several cases of an unpleasant character, of the
description he had detailed to the House. He did
not think the resolution offered by his friend
from Maryland would embrace the cases provided
for in this resolution, which had been prepared at
the War Department, and sent to him as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs. He
certainly had no feeling on the subject. He only
wished to carry out those regulations which the
War Department believed to be necessary to the
harmony of the public service.
Mr. S4.VAGE (resuming) repeated, that the
question of rank was a question to be decided by
law, and that a rigid application of the laws and ar-
ticles of war would settle the question. The House,
then, weie asked to do what it was the duty of
. those who adjudicated upon the law to do—to set-
tle a. judicial question. He thought it was a matter
upon which no legislation was needed touching
this question of rank. Now, if the officer whose
rank'was now in dispute, actually held the rank
which he now claimed, there would be no dispute
about his being entitled to what he claimed, ihe
question also arose, what effect was the Testa-
tion to have upon the claim which he now
made? That was purely a question of law.
Prior commissions were regarded by the military
law, for the purpose of settling the question af
seniority. This was not the question—it was a
question whether these men should claim higher
rank than they actually held in the army. Now if
the'Secretary of War should deem that in any in-
stance having held previous commission was con-
sidered a good ground forcla ming higher rank,
then he (Mr. S.) would be prepared to vote for
the resolution. It conferred seniority, not higher
rank.
Mr. BURT (Mr. S. yielding) said, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee was very clearly right as to
the main principle which he was arguing. Under
the 61st article of war it was necessary to recur
to the prior commission to determine the rank of
two officers who held the commission, e. g., of first
lieutenant or captain. Supposing they received
thetr commission the same day, they would be
equal; but to determine the precedence, they must
refer to the date of their former commissions. But j
this did not touch this case. The case presented j
was where a second lieutenant, for example, in the !
army had received the appointment of quarter- j
master, which the gentleman from Tennessee
claimed would give him the rank of captain, re-
signed his commission as quartermaster, and vol-
untarily went back to his usual rank; yet under
the 61st article of war, under the construction
which had sometimes prevailed at the War De-
partment, (but not at this time,) he claimed upon
courts-martial, and where different corps met to-
gether, the rank of captain, although he had re-
signed the commission which gave him that rank.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (Mr. Savage yield-
ing for the purpose,) said, he wished to inquire of
the chairman of Military Affairs as to the effect of j
this resolution. Would it not have the effect to j
deprive any officer of the engineer, topographical j
engineer, or ordnance corps, in case either of <
these corps should be abolished and either of their
officers be recommissioned in the line of the army
in any other corps, of all claim to rank for his
services in the corps so abolished ? In such a
case, would not a captain of engineers, (for in-
stance,) if he should be of ten years standing, be
placed at the foot of the list of captains in the
corps in which he should be so recommissioned ?
The same would' apply to any other corps, w hether
artillery, dragoons, or riflemen. If such would be
its effect, it would be manifestly unjust, and he
would oppose it.
Mr. BURT replied, that very lately he had
made it his duty to institute an inquiry upon this,
subject. He was informed by the proper author-
ity, that the officers of the corps of engineers,
finding themselves at a military post or with a de-
tachment consisting of different corps of the army,
if they were to claim command corresponding to
their rank, there was nothing in the law or in the
military regulations,to prevent them from exer-
cising it. They were officers of the army. He
was told that that would be the result.
Mr. HARRIS again interposed, and, observing
that the gentleman from South Carolina had not
met the point he made, repeated the question which
he had previously propounded.
Some conversation ensued upon this point be-
tween Mr."Harris and Mr. Burt.
Mr. BURT said, as he understood, wherever an
officer was transferred, either voluntarily or other-
wise, he must take rank in the army according to
his commission in the army. But he did under-
stand that of an officer of any one of the staff
corps—and. he was told that this corps was not
properly called the staff corps, but a special corps.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said the great ob-
jection to acting upon this resolution at this time
was, that this was one of the questions about
which the officers of the artny were now quarrel-
ling with each other. If they passed the resolu-
tion in this shape, it would interfere with the plan
which the President intended to propose to them,
by way of a general regulation. He said, then,
that they were not prepared to interfere with it;
and he hoped to be pardoned, if he appealed to
the gentleman from Tennessee to move to refer
the resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and to move the previous
question on the motion. It appeared to him, that
the very best method of proceeding was to refer
this resolution, and, in the mean time, before they
came to act, they would receive the report on the
whole subject. This resolution, if passed, he re-
peated, would interfere with that general plan; it
related to the very thing which was at this time
most bitterly contested by the officers.
Mr. SAVAGE resumed. He considered the
question as being one of so unimportant a charac-
ter, that it ought not to have been sent here. But
as it had been sent to the House, it must neces-
sarily be disposed of, and he, for one, was pre-
pared to dispose of it now. To his mind, the
whole question narrowed itself down to this sim-
ple point, Shall the fact of having held a prior
commission, of itself give to a man acommission—
a standing—superior to what he actually holds?
Let a quartermaster, for instance, be made a lieu-
tenant: the law now in force will entitle him to say
to his brother lieutenant, whose commission was
signed on the same day as his own, " Sir, I have
held rank in the army, and now, when it comes to
a struggle for precedence between us, I am the
senior lieutenant." I think the whole subject
ought to be laid on the table, although I wilfnot
make the motion.
Mr. ASHMUN, remarking that he thought suffi-
cient time had already been taken up in this matter,
moved that the resolution be laid upon the table.
The question, " Shall the resolution be laid upon
the table?" was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
MIAMA RESERVATION IN INDIANA.
Mr. ALBERTSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
No objection having been made—
Mr. ALBERTSON reported " A bill reducing
the minimum price of the lands, in what was the
Miama Reservation in the State of Indiana."
Mr. A. said that, as it was late in the session,
he should move that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage. These lands had been long in market; all
had been sold except the refuse, and it was not
just in the Government to require two dollars per
acre for these lands, when the best lands in the
State had been sold for one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre.
He,asked that a letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office might be read.
Mr. DUER. I object to the reading.
M r. COBB, of Alabama. The gentleman adopfa
it as a part of his speech. You cannot object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Albektson] is entitled to the floor, and has
a right to have the letter read, as a part of his
speech.
Mr. SILVESTER inquired of the Speaker^
whether the morning hour had expired .? If so, he
(Mr. S ) moved that the House proceed to the
consideration of^business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said the morning hour had not
yet expired.
So the motion was not entertained.
Mr. ALBERTSON resumed the floor, and the
following letter was read by the Clerk:
General Land Office, July 18,1850.
Sis: In reply to ynui letter of ih« 17th in„uui, 1 have the
Honor to state that the total quantity of land in the Miami
Reservation 1n Indiana, acquired under the two l.isttiea-
tie;?, is eight hundred thousand six hundred and fi(tv-threo
acres; of which quantity there l>a* been disposed of seven
hundred and twenty-two thousand eight hundred and
twenty-six acres, leaving unsold on the i2Uih of June, 1850,
seventy-seven thousand eight hundred and tw«.-nt>-s.even
acres*, or rather less than one-tenth of the entne cession.
X am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant.
J. BUTTERFiELD, Commissioner.
Hon. G. N. Fitch, House of Reps.
The bill having been read—
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said that if the House
understood the bill, he was satisfied there would not
be a single objection to the passage of the bill. Iton-
ly proposed to reduce the price of these refuse lands
to one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, the
uniform price of all the Government lands. The
price was fixed by a provision at the time of the
ratification of the treaty, and at that price nine-
tenths of the lands have been sold. The refuse is
only left.. If the price remain unchanged, the
lands will not be sold; but if reduced, many of them
will be taken up, occupied, and improve]. I hope
the bill may pass, it is a local matter, and places
these lands on the same footing with other public
lands, which is but an act of justice.
Mr. DUER made a remark, the purport of which
was understood to be, that he did not know wheth-
er this bill ought to pass or not, but he did know
that the very worst bills that passed this House
were forced through precisely in this hasty and
inconsiderate way. He moved that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. SILVESTER moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. PITCH appealed to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Duer] to withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER said, that unless the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was withdrawn, no action could be had
on the bill.
Mr. SILVESTER adhered to his motion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Silvester, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to go int6 Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question recurring on the motion to lay the
bill on the table—
Mr. ASHMUN requested the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Duer] to change his motion, so
as to substitute a motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the previous question, for the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. DUER said he had no objection.
So Mr. D. withdrew the motion to, lay the bill
on the table, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And on that motion he called the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN desired to say a few words.
The SPEAKER said no remarks were in order.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the demand for the previous question.
There was a second." And the main question
was ordered to be now taken, (being, first, on the
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole'on
the state of the Union.)
And, the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 80, noes 49.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, oalled for the yeas
and nays, but withdrew the demand.
So the bill was referred to tjie Cbmmittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
