1850.
Mr. KING. It strikes me that of late years we
have been pursuing a course of printing maps and
documents of this sort which is not appropriate
for us. We are incurring expense by printing
maps of countries in which we have no interest,
«nd which have no practical utility whatever. In
answer to my question, they say we have done—
what? We have ordered thirty-five hundred ex-
tra copies of, the map to be printed and engraved.
What kind of a map is it? It is a map showing
that we can drain with facility the lakes and vaf-
ieys of Mexico!
Mr. BORLAND. The map is notof that char-
acter. It is a general map, but a very minute one
of the city and valley <}f Mexico. This report is
?he report of the engineer on the subject of drain-
age.
Mr. KING. I am well awaro of that; the map
has, however, been ordert^. and the proof sheets
are already here, as I understand. Why shall we
add to the expenses already incurred,as J conceive
Unnecessarily ? Because, if it were necessary,
for any purpose connected with this Government,
jt should have remained in the War Department,
where they might have had any number printed
which were deemed necessary. As to a general
(nap of the country for the purpose of inoccupa-
tion, I hope we shall have none for a such a pur-
pose. We have already had difficulties enough
from such a cause. I am not disposed to accu-
mulate them in any shape. Is there a Senator
who believes that any individual will be benefited
by the printing of these maps, excepting the officers
who prepared the report, and who will be grati-
fied by seeing their labors spread before the coun-
try? Is there a single citizen thai will be bene-
fiied by knowing in what particular manner the
lakes and valleys of Mexico can be drained?
There must necessarily be a great expense in-
curred for the printing. Even if the expense were
moderate, it is one which we ought not to incur.
I know how all these expenses increase, and I am
opposed to the whole matter.
Mr. BUTLER. I know that a map of this
kind may contribute to the knowledge of geogra-
phy, and doubtless may be interesting to the gen-
era! reader; but I do not know at all what Con-
gress has to do with that. It seems to me latterly
to have become very much the practice here to
make books; for when any one wants a book
made up, it only appears to be necessary to give
it the character of a public document, and then
to make a motion in this house that it should be
printed at the public expense. But I rise to ob-
fet to this motion on higher considerations.
hese maps and reports may serve as memorials
or trophies of the victories acquired by our army
in Mexico; but in that respect I would not have
them printed so as to mortify the people whose
country we have overrun, much less with any
indication that it may hereafter be our purpose to
use them for any prospective advantage. -The
last thing that we should do is to mortify a people
whom we have conquered, and still less that we
should do any thing to indicate an ultimate pur-
pose to take their territory. In any pointof view
I am seriously of opinion that national delicacy re-
quires that we should not print these papers.
Mr. BORLAND. I would simply observe, for
the information of the Senator from SouthCarolina,
[Mr. Butler,] that this map and report were
prepared expressly by the desire of the Mexican
authorities during our occupation of the city of
Mexico. This map and papers were prepared on
the express application of the Ayuntamiento, and
the publication of it, therefore, so far from being
disagreeable to the Mexican people or authorities,
will, the committee have every reason to believe,
be highly gratifying to them.
Mr. BUTLER. Under any circumstances I
can hardly think they will regard the publication
of this map and report as a very complimentary
notice. But, sir, I have a few more words to say
upon the subject. If this is to be done at the sug-
festion oi and for the especial benefit of Mexico,
do not see why we should be at the expense.
If the Mexican minister here requires any infOTm-
ation which that map and report may contain, I
am satisfied that we should be courteous enough
to give to him or to any other foreign minister a
copy. We frequently enough apply to England
for copies of documents which are courteously
granted. And if hereafter any literary virtuoso
chooses to go to this map and take a copy of it,
fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or refer to it with the view of writing a book, I
hope we shall give him all the facilities for extend-
ing geographical knowledge, or any other knowl-
edge. But I have no idea of making Congress a
convenient vehicle for the printing of all documents
of this kind, which is neither more nor less than
the making of books.
Mr. HAMLIN. Being myself a member of
the Committee on Printing, I desire to say that
arrangements have been so made that it has been
utterly impossible for me to give my attendance at
the sessions of that committee. I concur most
cheerfully in the remarks which have been made
by the honorable Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
King] hs well as in what has fallen from the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler.]
Had this matter been submitted to me as one of
the members of the committee, I assuredly should
not have given my assent to the recommendation
for the printing of these documents. The sug-
gestions which have been offered are sufficient to
satisfy my mind, and it seems to me would have
satisfied the other members of the committee on a
very cursory examination of the matter.
It would be much more agreeable, I apprehend,
to the Senate, if 'he Committee on Printing were
to report that Prescott's History of Mexico should
be printed. It would be much more desirable and
much more acceptable to the Senate and to the
country; and yet the same reasons, the same ob-
jections which would obtain to the printing of that
volume applies to'this, and to a much greater de-
gree. What have we to (lo with this matter?
What connection have we with the subject? If
the Departments are desirous of availing them-
selves of any information which they can gather
from the reports of the corps of engineers during
the last war, it is within their province, and they
can do it; but that we are to give publicity through
the country to documents, and to publish maps
and reports tending to show what may or may not
be the feasibility of draining the swamps of Mexi-
co, is certainly very surprising to me. We have
some swamps of our own, the feasibility of drain-
ing which I would rather see reported on and ex-
plained. We have improvements within out own
Union which certainly much more properly belong
to us. Whilst I would be probably the last man
in this body to favor many of these purposes of in -
ternal improvements, I would favor them heartily
while I would reject this. It is suggested that we
have already ordered a certain number of maps to
he engraved. I can only say in reply, that it is a
subject which has never passed under my investi-
gation, and of which I was ignorant,, I think the
resolution must have been adopted at some time
when I was not in my place, although I am not
often absent. The better remedy, m my mind,
would be to retrace the steps which we have al-
ready taken. Instead of adopting a resolution to
print the report, I would take the most rapid steps
to rescind the action of the Senate, and to stop the
engraving already ordered. I hope the report of
the committee will not be adopted.
Mr. BORLAND. In justice to myself, as
chairman of the Committee on Printing, I desire
to say that the honorable Senator from Maine, as
a member of the committee, has no right to com-
plain of the action of the committee because of
his absence. The day for the sessions of the
committee was fixed early in the ^ession, and he
has not attended any meeting of the committee
since. He has been a member of another commit-
tee, and if he has not attended he cannot com-
plain. Further, 1 had an understanding with him
that, upon matters of printing, it was not necessa-
ry that he should be present except on extraordi-
nary occasions, or that he should be consulted.
He left it to me, and I understood from those who
had been on the Committee on Printing that such
had been the custom of the committee that the
chairman has usually made the reports.
As to the map to which the gentleman refers, it
never was before the Committee on Printing. It
was before the Committee on Military Affairs, and
was exhibited to the Senate, I think, on two occa-
sions, and I believe it was generally understood
that it met with the views of the Senate that it
should be printed, and a large number were or-
dered to be printed. As I stated before, the merits
of this map were not particularly considered by
the committee in making this report in favor of
printing; but, inasmuch as the Senate deemed it
important to print the map, this report being con-
nected with it, and necessary to render the inform-
ation complete on all points, it was deemed by the
committee important to have it printed. I have no
particular desire on my own account to have it
done; but, to carry out what I regarded as the
views of the Senate, I made the report.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say that I made no
complaint of the honorable Senator from Arkan-
sas for not submitting this matter to me. What I
did say was this—and he understood it very well
—that I believed for a very long series of years
the Committee on Printing have held their meet-
ings on Wednesday, and that committee is so ar-
ranged in its connection with "other committees
that it is not practicable for them to hold their
meetings on any other day. The Senator from
Arkansas knows that I have made application to
the committee on several occasions to change their
day of meeting to any other day of the week, and
that in such case I would be with them. I make
no complaint at the course they have taken. I
merely stated the position I occupied only for (he
purpose of explaining the reason why I was op-
posed to the matter. I think the Senator from
Arkansas, who is chairman of the Committee on
Printing, stated to me on each of the occasions to
which I have referred, that he would make an
effort to have the day of meeting changed, so that
1 could be present. I have made these remarks
merely to show that I had not any information on
the subject, and that if I had been consulted I
should not have given my assent to the printing.
It is true that, situated as 1 was, being unable to
attend the meetings of the committee, I did say to
the chairman of the Committee on Printing, that
upon unimportant questions, which involved no
division of opinion, I did not desire to be con-
sulted; but that upon all questions which were of
importance I desired to have a voice.
Mr. BADGER. I rise, sir, to say that I look
upon this as a very small matter, which is occupy-
ing a great deal of the time of the Senate. And,
as the morning hour is fast passing away, and as
there are some reports from committees to come in
upon practical matters, (though I am perfectly will-
ing to vote with the committee,) in order that we
may have an opportunity of bringing in our reports,
I move thai the report lie on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion. There will be no further de-
bate.
Mr. BADGER. I am perfectly willingto with-
draw the motion, if the question can be taken at
once.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn. ^
The question was then taken on concurring in
the report of the Committee on Printing', which,
on a division, was negatived—ayes 15, noes 16.
ADDITIONAL REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Lewis Warrington for himself and others, asking
the payment of the balance of the prize-money due
them for the capture of the sloop-of-war Epervjer,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be print-
ed, accompanied by a bill for the relief of Captain
Lewis Warrington and others, which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred a memorial of
Charles Lee Jones, asking compensation for ex-
penses incurred and services rendered in raising,
organizing, and subsisting volunteers in the war
with Mexico, submitted a report on the same,
which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of Charles Lee Jones, which
w as read and passed to a second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
to extend the piovisions of a joint resolution for
the benefit of Frances Slocum and her children
and grandchildren, of the Miami tribe of Indians,
approved 3d March, 1845, to certain other indi-
viduals of the same tribe; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to set
apart a portion of the public lands with which to
construct a railroad from the Mississippi to the
Missouri river; which was read a first and second
