1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ALABAMA AND ILLINOIS RAILROAD.
Mr. INGE rose (he said) to a privileged ques-
tion. .Some days ago, the House had had under
consideration a bill entitled ** An act granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
States of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, in
aid of the construction of a railroad from Chicago
to Mobile." Regarding this as a bill of great im-*
portance, and anxious that the House should act
upon it, and as it could only be acted upon by
proceeding to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, he moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of that business.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. There is already such a
question pending—the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama,-{Mr. Inge,] that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 55, noes 67.
Mr. BAKER and Mr. RICHARDSON asked
the yeasand nays, which were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 108, nays 86; as follow:
TEAS—Messrs. Alhertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Anderson, /Ishmun, Baker, Bay, Bisseli, Boyd, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Chester
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, Geor«e A. Cald-
well, Calvin, Cartter, Climnnan, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cole, Conrad, Uorwin, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Edmund<on,
Nathan TSvans, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fowler. Gid-
dings, Gtlmore, Goodenow, Gorman. Green, Hall, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris-, Raymond, Hilliard, Howard, Howe, Hubbard. Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, R"bert W. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kanlman, LaSfere, Leffier, Levin, Lntle-
field, Job Mann, Marshall, McClernand, McDonald, Mc-
Kissock, McLnnahan, McQueen, Morse, NeWill, Ogln,
Orf, Ous, Owen, Pitman, Reed, Richardson, Ro< kwell,
Ross, Sackett, Savage, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stetson, strong, Taylor, Thumbs, Underbill.
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn,Wentvvortli,
WiMtams, Wilmot, and Young—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Bayly, Bennett, Bingham, Ro-
cock, Bokee, Booth, Breck, Burrows, Burt, Joseph Cable,
Josf ph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Chrke,
Conger, Crowell, Darnel, Dimmick, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, Alexander Evans, Freedley, Fuller, Gerrv, Gott,
Gould, Hamilton, rshatn C. Hariis, Hebard, Henry, Hib-
bar«l, [Ioagland, Holiaday, Houston, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. Kins, James
G Kmg, John A. King, Preston King, Mason, Matteson,
Mc^aughey, Finis E McLean, Moore, Morris, Morton,
Nelson, Outlaw, Parkei, Peaslee, Powell, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Ri«Jey, Robbms, Robinson, Root, Rose, Rum?<-y,
Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Thurman, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Wood, and Woodward—86.
So the~House proceeded to the consideration of
the business on $be Speaker's table.
Mis BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill reported by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Albertson] was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He said he did not wish it considered at this time.
The motion to reconsider was entered, and h,es
over.
The*SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Senate bills, which were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred as
indicated below, viz:
An act providing additional security for the lives
s and property of persons navigating the western
waters. Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Aq act to provide for the classification of the
clerks in the military bureaus, and the equalization
of their salaries. On motion by Mr. CARTTER,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public 'ands for
the purpose of locating and constructing a canal
from the city of Rochester, in said State, to the
waters of Lake Michigan. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
An act to confirm the sale of school lands made
to J. B. Gregoire and P. Gregoire, in Louisiana.
On motion by Mr. MORSE, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands
An act. for the relief of David N. Smith. Re-
ferred to theCommitteeon Revolutionary Pensions.
Joitft resolution of the Senate, authorizing the
expenditure of the balance of an appropriation.
On motion by Mr. CONGER, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings.
The following bills on the Speaker's table, com-
ing up in their order, were read a third time and
passed, viz*
Senate bill entitled "An act for the relief of Wil-
liam Maxwell, late marshal of the District of
Georgia;" and
House bill entitled "An act granting the right of
way to the Gainesville and DeKalb Plank Road
Company."
ILLINOIS AND MOBILE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER said, the next business in or-
der was the bill entitled "An act grantingthe right
of way and making a grant of land to the States
of Illinois, Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid of the
construction ofaraiiroad from Chicago to Mobile;"
and that the pending question was the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] to
strike out the word "ten" in the third line, 5th
section, and to insert " twelve " in lieu thereof.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (who was entitled to the
floor) said, he did not intend to detain the House
by discussion: he thought gentlemen were as well
prepared to vote upon the bill now as they would
be at any future time; the bill had arrived at a
point where it was necessary to have some action.
He moved the previous question.
Mr. BAKER addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER stated that the colleague of the
gentlemen had moved the previous question.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. Upon the passage
of the bill? 1 trust it will be voted down.
Mr. JONES moved tal-ay the bill on the table,
and on that motion he demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. DUER. Is there a motion pending to lay
the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively.
Pending the question—
Mr. DtJER moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The'SPEAKER was in the act of counting the
House upon the question, when
i Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, and
! added that he wanted to see who was for passing
this bill by.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Jones.) Remarks
are not in order.
The SPEAKER concluded the count, and an-
nounced—ayes 75, noes 52.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
And the question, being again taken, was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 71; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs Alexander, Allen, Avereit, Bay, Bayly,
Bennett, Bocock, Bokee, Booth, Breck, Burrows, Bmt,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Ctmgman, Congei, Ciowell, Daniel, Dirnmick Disney,
Duer, Eriinunrison, Alexander Rvans. Nathan Evans,
Fovvlei, Freedley, G«jrrv, Giddmes, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Halloway, Isham G. Iiarii-, Haymond, Hebard, Henry,
Ilibbard, Hoagland, Holiaday, Holme?, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, William T. Jackson, Jones. Kerr, George G. Kins,
James G. King, John A. King, Preston King. LitUefield,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Mason, Matteson, "MeGaughey,
MoKissock, Mooie, Morris, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis,
Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Pitman, Putnam, Reynolds, Ris-
ley, Rockwell, Root, Rose-, Ross, Rum^ey, Sackett, Savage,
Schermerhorn, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Stanly. Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H Stanton, Stetson. Ta\lor,
Thomas, James Thompson, Thurman, Waldo, Wallace,
White, Wildrick, Williams, and Wilmot—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, A-h-
mun, Baker. Bhnell, Brigg«, Brook-;, Albut G. Brown,
Willia " J. Biown, Btiel, Joseph Cable, George A. Cald-
well, Cai iter, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Cole, Curwin, De-
berry, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, F.wine. Featherston, Fitch,
Fuller, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan. Samp-
son W. Hirri*, Thomas L. Harris, Hilliard. Hovvaid. Hub-
bard. Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Rohf-rl
W. Johnson, Julian, Kaufman, La S&re, Leffler, Marshall,
McClernand. McDonald, MoLanahan, Finis E. McLean,
McCiueen. Mors**, Newell, Orr, Owen. Richardson, Robin-
son, Spauidinir, Sprngue, Alexander H. Stenhens, Strong,
Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, Underbill, Walden, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—71.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dis-
ney in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill making appropriations for cer-
tain fortifications of I he United States for the
year ending 30th June, 1851.
The pending question was on the motion of Mr.
Giddings to strike out the words—
" For defensive works and barracks near Detroit, fifteen
thousand dollar*."
Mr. BUEL was entitled to the floor during the
res-id ue of the time yet remaining;, under the order of
yesterday, for debate, and spoke in defence of the
appropriation, and in reply to remarks made yes-
terday in opposition to it. [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
The time allowed for debate expired. Under
the rule one hour Was then allowed to—
Mr. BAYLY, (the gentleman whqhad reported
the bill,) and who took the floor.
After some conversation— 1 '
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor. "He said that
he did not design to go into any general speech on
this bill. But he felt it to be his duty to submit a
few remarks in reply to the observations whicfr
had fallen from several gentlemen during the de-
bate, and particularly those of his friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter.] That gentleman said yesterday,
that this appropriation of $15,000 for the fortifica-
tion near Detroit, was the only appropriation made
by this bill for the Northwest; and that it was
designed to salt down—to use his own expres-
sion—the western members. Now, sir, (continued
Mr. B.,) I do not know what conception the gentle-
man has of the condition of western members, if
he thinks that $15,000 will save them, if they are
in a condition in which they want salting down;
but I am perfectly free to say, that such an idea
never entered into my mind, and I believe it never
entered into the mind of anybody else, who had
anything to do with this bill. 1 also understood
the gentleman to say. that there was but one forti-
fication for the whole lake coast, extending some
three thousand miles. I confess, sir, that I am
very much surprised at such a remark as this.
Mr. CARTTER. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I said that this was the only appropria-
tion for the Northwest: that theie was but one ,
appropriations but I did not say there was but
one fortification.
Mr. BAYLY. I certainly understood the gen- #
tleman to say that this was the only fortification
upon a coast of three thousand miies; but he says
that I misunderstood him. Now it so occurs that
there are fortifications on the lakes at all those
points where it was supposed, by military men, to
be important that there should be fortifications, v
There is a fortification near Detroit, and this ap-
propriation is asked for the completion of that
fortification. There is a fortification near Buffalo
on Lake Erie; there is one atNiagara, and theie is
one also at Oswego. It is true that no appropria-
tion^ are asked for any other fortifications on the
lakes than this one near Detroit, for the very satis-
factory reason that the others are completed, and
consequently no appropriation is necessary. And
here 1 beg to say to gentlemen in reference to this
fortification bill, that it, by no means, covers or
includes all our fortifications; the greater number
of them are already-completed; and it is only far
those referred to in the bill that additional appro-
priations are at all necessary. And appropriations
are made for every fortification in the United
States where appropriations are required, with-
out any sort of reference to its locality.
The gentleman from Ohio was also pleased to
say, that upon our lakes there was no occasion
for fortifications; that the commercial marine there
could sweep from the lakes any fleet which Great
Britain could send upon those waters. 1 am not
going to comment upon this declaration of the gen-
tleman; suffice it to say that, by a remark of that
sort, the gentleman shows that he has not con-
sidered the subject with that care which the
House has a right to expect frfim any member
who undertakes to enlighten us.
It is not for me, sir, to defend our system of
fortifications on the lakes, as against gentlemen
from that section of the country; but, I beg leave
to say that there is no portion of this country, in
my opinion, whereforti^cations are more required;
and there is no portion of the country in favor of
which I would sooner vote for appropriations for
defensive works. We all know the necessity
there was for such works during the late war with
Groat Britain; every one recollects how we suf-
fered for want of them; but our'situation in re-
gard to the lakes is very different now from what
it was then. During; that war the competition on
the lakes between Great Britain and this country
was one of ship-building. It was a contest'of '
shin building, and we, being nearer the theatre of
action, of course beatthem.
But, sir, in the event of another conflict between
that Power and ourselves, it will be a very differ-
ent matter. The advantage that we gain^l from
our proximity to the theatre of action, caused our
negotiators to stipulate for a provision m the treaty
of Ghent, that neither nation should keep a fleet
upon any of the inland seas; and it was of great
advantage to us that there was such a stipulation,
because, if this had not been secured to us, the
