392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public LSnda.
NOTICES,OF BILLS.
Mr. DICKINSON gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to dispense with
copper coin, and provide a substitute therefor. *
Mr BORLAND gave notice of his intention"*to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the
widow of the late Major General W orth.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. CORWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to communicate to the Senate a copy of alt the correspond-
ence on file in ihe Department relating to the operation* of
the commission appointed puri-uant to the fifth article of tile
treaty af Guadalupe Hidalgo, to run and mark the boundaiy
between the United States and Mexico; that he leport the
pro rressmade in executm? said commission, and a detailed
statement of the amount of money expended therein, to-
gether with an estimate ot the sum ncctssai'y to complete
the work.
BILLS PROM THE HOUSE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that there
were several bills upon his table which had been
received from the House of Representatives, and
suggested that they be taken up for the purpose of
reference, which was acquiesced in. They were
accordingly taken up and read a first time by their
titles. The first was entitled " An act further to
extend the time for locating Virginia military land
warrants, and returning surveys thereon to the
General Land Office."
Mr. CORWIN. 1 hope this bill will be per-
mitted to pass without reference, and be put on
its passage immediately. 1 think the reasons for
it are very obvious. The bill is just like one
which has passed the Senate two or three times
within the last eight or nine years. The office in
which the titles are to be recorded is now vacant;
it is not open for the entry of military land war-
rants. In that district of country set apart for the
satisfaction of claims for military service in Vir-
ginia, the report will show any gentleman who
chooses to look into it, that that there are lands
open for the entry of that sort of claim—Virginia
military land warrants—that cannot now be made
because the time for making them has expired.
There are some 120,000 acres of that land yet to
be taken up, and warrants every where to take
them up. There is no office in which these en-
tries can now be made, and this bill therefore
proposes extending the time for two years. This
will allow the entries to be made and the land
taken up.
Mr. KING. I know very well if you pass an
act extending the time in this case, there will be
no end to such applications. I should like to
know whether there are any additional claims to
be presented.
ivtr. CORWIN. Not one. It is merely for the
satisfaction of warrants issued prior to the year
3840, and for which there is plenty of land to take
them tip.
JVii. xviNG. Let that portion of the bill be read.
The portion referred to was read accordingly.
Mr. KING. I shall not object to it.
The bill was then considered by the Senate as
in Committe{e of the Whole; and, there being no
amendment offered, it was reported to the Senate,
read a third time, and passed.
The next bill taken up was an act from the
House of Representatives to provide for recording
the conveyances of vessels and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The Senate next took up a joint resolution to
supply the Territories of Oregon and Minnesota
with the narrative of the exploring expedition.
Mr. DODGE, of fowa, moved that it be put
upon its passage, which was acquiesced in, and it
was read a second time, considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, read a third time, arid passed.
RELIEF OF JOHN HOGAN.
The Senate next proceeded to the consideration
of a joint resolution fortherelief of John Hogan,
which had heretofore been ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to amend that reso-
lution so as to show on the face of it that the pay-
mentfshould not exceed §1,000.
Mr. KING. 1 would suggest to the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, that it would have
a very strange appearance for us to say in the first
instance, that the claim of this individual shall be
settled on principles of equity and justice, and
then add, provided it shall not exceed a certain
sum. If the money is equitably due to him, he
ought to have the whole of it; if it is not equita-
bly due to him, he should not have any. Saying
that it shall not exceed so and so, will not change
the amount equitably due him.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, the /motive
for inserting the words " 1,000" is obviously this:
this question some two years ago underwent a
thorough investigation by the Committee on
Foreign Relations. There was a very strong op-
position hereon the part of two or three gentlemen
to make any allowance whatever to Mr. Hogan.
The committee were of opinion that an allowance
was reasonable to an amount not exceeding $2,000
or $2,500. The sum of $1,200 has been paid by
placing it in the civil and diplomatic bill of last
year. The committee examined this matter, and
1 myself looked into it particularly; and their re-
port—and in this opinion I believe I have the con-
currence of all the members of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, during the last Congress—was
meant as an indication (or the Department of what
was right in the sense of the committee. I would
prefer that the resolution should be recommitted
with a view of amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. Cannot the amendment be
made now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could, by a re-
consideration of the vole, or by universal consent.
Mr. MANGUM then moved to amend the joint
resolution by adding the words " provided it do
not\iexceed $1,000 "
Mr. CHASE. It strikes me that the objection
made by the honorable Senator from Alabama,
ought to be attended to. It seems to me we are
placing ourselves in a singular attitude when we
say we will pay the claim on principles of equity
and justice, provided we do not pay above a
staled sum.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I shall be allowed to
say a word on this subject. I brought this matter
before the Senate at the request of Mr. John Ho-
gan, for whose relief this measure is provided by
a resolution, after a conversation with Ihe Secre-
tary of State, in which he expressed the opinion
to me that there was due to Mr. Hogan an amount
upon a fair adjustment of his accounts, but that
the Secretary of Slate had no right, without the
authority of Congress, to adjust his accounls out
of the funds now in his hands. The services ren-
dered by Mr. Hogan were rendered during the
administratiSn of Pi esident Tyler, and were said
to be well understood by the distinguished Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] who I
regret is not now in his place. The resolution was
sent to the Committee on Foreign A flans, and
they have properly introduced a joint lesolution
which piovides, as will be seen, for the settlement
of this claim on principles of equity and justice.
But the former appropriation having been irregu-
larly made, it is apprehended there may be some
difficulty about the passage of the bill, unless the
amount shall be stipulated in some way so as not
to exceed what might be thought reasonable upon
principles of equi'.y. There was some opposiiion
to the whole claim, and I have assented to this
amount, speaking in behalf of the claimant, for
this reason : #hat he is much indisposed, and he
thought he had better take this bill, if it gives him
a thousand dollais, than to have no bill at present;
for if he has no aid, it is probable he will soon be
beyond the rpach of justice and equity, if it shall
be given- to him more liberally hereafter. I shall
be much gratified if it can pass now. It has been
before the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
they haveall the information they can have. The
two distinguished Senators who have spoken on
mis subject were in the Senate during the time of
the administration of Mr. Tyler, and their opin-
ions are undoubtedly as sound, as wise, and cor-
rect as any opinions which the Committee of
Claims could arrive at if the subject was before
them.
Mr. SMITH. This claim was before the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations in the House of Rep-
resentatives last session of Congress. I paid
some attention to the subject when it was before
the committee, and believe that that committee re-
ported a bill in favor of making an allowance to
this applicant to the same amount as was ulti-
mately put into the civil and diplomatic bill. We
did not reach the-bill in the House of Representa-
tives; but when the civil and diplomatic bill came
into the Senate, an item of appropriation was in-
serted to the amount we had reported; and the
Senate put also into the same bill several other
claims of the same character. The truth is, that
the two Houses of Congress—it was the first ses-
sion of the last Congress—had before them the
very question which it is now proposed to refer to
the Secretary of State, that is to say, whether this
man ia entitled to anything; and, if he was, what
should be the amount to which he wa3 entitled in
equity and justice; and when that allowance was
made in the civil and diplomatic bill, I never ex-
pected to hear any more oC this claim.
But it appears, Mr. President, that there is
never to be any end to it. These applications)
come heie Congress after Congress, in the hope of
getting from us furtiflr sums of money, it ap-
pears to me that both Houses of Congress having
had this subject before them, and having already
decided to what this man is entitled in equity and
justice, it is exceedingly singular that this matter
should now be referred to the Secreiary of State.
I have yet to learn the utility of the expedition to
St. Domingo on which Mr. Hogan was sent, and
out of which this claim arises. I can hardly see
what government have to do with expeditions to
St. Domingo. But if it was an undertaking of no
utility to the country, I do not know that Mr.
Hogan was responsible for that. But if I recol-
lect the whole facts of the case, he was instructed
to bring vouchers for all his expenditures. He
returned without vouchers. There might have
been some vouchers—probably there weie; but at
all events the vouchers did not cover all his expen-
ditures, and the committee of the House of Re-
presentatives—indeed both Houses of Congress
being satisfied that probably something might be
due to him over and above all that had been paid
by the Government, (for a considerable amount
was paid to him as per diem and for other expen-
ses,)—both Houses being desirous to do him entire
justice, made, at the last Congress, what I suppo-
sed was an ample provision to satisfy his claim.
But it seems he comes here again. He is not
willing that the two houses of Congress should
adjudicate upon this claim,but wants to send it to
the Secretary of State, who rt seems, has a pre-
judgment on it; for it appears that the Secretary of
Slate has said that he believes something is due.
Now, I would deal liberally with Mr. Hogan. If
I believed there was any thing due him I would
pay it; even if there was strong ground for doubt
I would pay it; but, inasmueh as the two Houses
of Congiess have said he is entitled to the amount,
and no more, put into the civil and diplomatic bill
at the first session of the last Congress, it would
s em to me to be a very extraoidmary proceeding
to leopen the whole matter and call on the Secre-
tary to revise the decision of the two Houses oj
Congress, and to say whether we did or did not
decide rightly. For one, therefore, I shall hava
some difficulty in voting for the resolution in any
form.
Mr. MANGUM. One of the objections rests
on the assumption that the sum was fixed on,
i whether by the last Congress or not, it is not said,
i The sum was purely arbitrary. The committee
! had agreed, and that was the understanding, that
I he ought to be allowed $2,000 or $2,500. Hia
. claim was nearly $6,000. The reports and all the
i papers m the State Department were brought to the
committee-rooin,and were most carefully and thor-
oughly examined, and what was done in theCom-
! mittee on Foreign Relations was done with the most
| perfect unanimity, according to my recollection,
j The insertion of $1,200 was purely an arbitrary
| matter, within my own judgment. I inserted it
I because I knew the person was in extreme need,
i and at that period of the session I did not desire
to go to the full extent of what perhaps justice
might allow him. All this was before the commit-
tee the other day. It was then distinctly under-
stood that a claim would be set up for an additional
1 sum. I would have been content with $800, but
the committee, or a majority of them, thinking
| otherwise, I thought $1,000 not at all unreasona-
! ble.
As to the matter of the irregularity of the vouch-
ers, all have passed under the review of the com-
mittee with the severest scrutiny. We had ample
evidence that the outlay, together with the services,
have reached a point which w« indicated as proper
