1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
to pay, independent of specific vouchers. With
more care, his claim might possibly have been ad-
vanced fifty or a hundred per cent.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
and passed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Interior, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, calling
for certain information in relation to contract print-
ing, was taken up, and ordered to be printed.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, being the'series of resolutions some
time since submitted by Mr. Clay.
Mr. DOWNS resumed and concluded the speech
which he commenced yesterday.
Mr. MILLER next obtained the floor; but as
it was too late to proceed to-day, and as the Sena-
tor from Alabama was entitled to the floor on an-
other subject—the reference of the President's
message accompanying the, constitution of the
State of California—he moved that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed to Thursday
next; which was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate then proceeded to the
consideration of Executive business; and, after
some time, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 20, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr, THURSTON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the'House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. STANLY rose, not (he said) for the pur-
pose of objecting to the request of the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Thurston,] but to suggest
that, by unanimous consent, one hour should be
set apart for the reception of such resolutions as
did not give rise to debate, or to which no objec-
tion should be made.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired, he
said, an understanding on one point. Was it to
be understood that a gentleman introducing a reso-
lution might move the previous question upon it?
Mr. STANLY. No—that is not my intention.
The SPEAKER said that where resolutions
were introduced by unanimous consent, they stood
upon different ground from resolutions introduced
under the rule;and that if a resolution were offered
under that unanimous consent, and objection were
made to it, it could not be introduced.
Mr. INGE insisted on the regular order of
business.
Mr. STANLY. Very well; I shall not object
to the motion of the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Thurston;] I hope" he will be allowed to intro-
duce it.
Mr. INGE objected, he said, to everything
that was out of the regular order of business.
So the motion of Mr. Stanly was not enter-
tained.
And the resolution of Mr. Thurston was not
introduced.
Mr. PHCENIX asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce, a bill, of which previous
noiice had been given.
Objection was made.
Mr. BUEL inquired if, under the 61st rule, res-
olutions, before submitted, calling upon the de-
partments or Executive for information, were not
now in order? This rule provided " that aH such
propositions shall be taken up for consideration in
the order they were presented, immediately after
reports are called for from select committees."
The SPEAKER replied, that it was the prac-
tice, on completing an unfinished call of commit-
tees, to commence the call again, and if, before
the hour expires, reports from select committees
be called for, then this class of resolutions was
next in order.
Mr. BUEL said, then, under such a practice, it
must be understood that such resolutions may
never be reached, for a call is scarcely ever com-
pleted in one day.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for
REPORTS.
Mr COBB, of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an adverse report on the me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Minnesota, asking Congress togrant preemptions
to actual settlers on the unsurveyed public lands;
and it was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion,by Mr. COBB, of Alabama, thesame
committee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Wm. B. W Cobb, pray-
ing Congress to amend the law granting pensions to
widows and orphans whose husbands and fathers
died-of disease contracted in the Mexican war,
so as to include the widows and orphans whose
husbands and fathers died of disease contracted in
the service during the war with Great Britain; and
the same was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Publis
Lands, reported back the bill granting to the States
of Missouri and Arkansas certain swamp or over-
flowed lands, for the puipose of reclaiming the
same, and increasing the value of the lands in the
vicinity thereof; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union; and the bill and leport were ordered to be
printed.
THE MINT.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill supplementary
to an act entitled an " Act supplementary to the
act entitled an act to establish a mint, and regu-
lating the com of the United States."
. The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. McLANE asked that it be put upon its en-
grossment.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. McLANE explained that the bill provided
that Jhe amount of money hereafter to be kept on
deposit in the mint should not exceed the sum of
two millions of dollars instead of one million, as
heretofore. The large importations of gold from
California rendered this increase necessary. The
act of 1837 contained the present bill as its thirty-
first section, except that this bill substituted the
sum of two millions instead of one, as the amount
whic# should remain on deposit. In all other
respects the bill before the House was a copy of
the thirty-first section of the act of 1837. It did
not change the character of the existing law. It
merely'authorised the Secretary of the Treasury,
at his discretion, to keep two millions on hand in-
stead of one, to nrtet the operations of the'mint
of the United States.
Mr. BAYLY said, it was his impression,
(though he might be mistaken, and if so he would
be happy to be corrected,) that the passage of this
law, unless a provision were added providing
against such a result, would vacate the bonds of
the officers of the mint.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that the ex-
isting bonds of the sub-treasurers, or depositaries
and superintendents of the mint had no particular
reference to the amount of money on deposit.
The amount varied at the discietion of the Secre-
tary, or from the fluctuations of the accruing reve-
nue. The amount which each depositary gave
bonds for was specific; and the bond given by the
superintendent of the Mint was already as gieat
as the bonds given by some of the sub-treasurers
throughout the United States, who had a larger
amount than two millions on deposit. It was not
thought necessary to provide for an increase of
bonds. The idea was not entertained that the
existing bonds would be vacated. But if such
wou'd be the effect of this law, a clause providing
against that result must of course, be introduced.
The only question raised in committee was
whether the bond itself should be increased. The
committee thought it was not necessary to increase
it. But if the effect of this new provision would
be to vacate the bonds, it would be proper to make
provision against it. His own opinion was that
no such effect would follow.
Mr. BAYLY said, he did not propose to in-
crease the penalty of the bond. But his decided
impression was, that when the public officers had
given bonds under the law as it existed, and that
law should be modified, the sureties were not
bound, and he thought that if, for nothing else
than from abundant caution, a provision ought to
be added requiring the renewal of the bonds.
Mr. PECK made one or two remarks, which
were mostly inaudib.e to the~*reporter. He was
understood to say that he thought some such pro-
vision jis that proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia ought to be inserted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, remarked
that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
had said that this bill was an exact copy of the
31st section of the existing law. But there was
one expression in it which struck his ear as a little
strange, ard ke desired to know of the gentleman
from Maryland what was the exact meaning of it.
The bill stated that it should be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to keep $9,000,000 on
deposit. Now, the gentleman sfated that the ob-
ject was, thnt the Secretary might be allowed to
extend the deposit to that amount, but not if, the
business did not require it. The question was
why he should keep $2,000,000 on deposit if it
were not necessary to do so.
Mr. McLANE If the gentleman will allow
the bill to be read he will find that it imphses no
obligation upon the Secretary to keep any specific
amount on deposit The amount is to be deter-
mined by the discreticffi .of (he Secretary of the
Treasury. The original law provides that the
amount shall be regulated at his discretion—that
he shall have from one dollar to §2,000,000 on de-
posit.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. If that is
the bill I have no objection to it; I would like to
have it read.
The bill was read.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was satisfied from
the reading of the bill that it was not necessary
that the Secretary should keep $5,000,000.
But he wished to ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce [Mr. McLane] one other
question—that was, why this bill referted to the
mint at Philadelphia alone?
Mr. McLANE said his friend from Mississippi
did not exactly understand that section of the law
yet. It was not the mint in Philadelphia of which
the bill spoke. It was the mint of tile United
States: the mint embraced in the geneial law of
1837, providing for a mint and regulating the coin
of the United States. Th.' term used in that statute
related to the mint of the United States. The .
" mint of the United States" embraced the princi-
pal mint in Philadelphia and all ihe branch mints
of the United Slates. Heretofore the sum of
money tile Secretary of the Treasury had had at
his discretion §1,000,000, which was distributed at
his discretion to the ijunt in Philadelphia or to the
branch mints. And he now repeated that this bill
was an exact verbatim copy of the 31st section of
the law of 1837, inserting $2,000,000 instead of
$1,000,000. An exact copy, because the commit-
tee did not wish to dtsturb the existing provisions
of law regulating the coin of the United Slates
and the operations of the mint of the United
Stales.
And again: This proviso, which he was going
to submit out of abundant caution, was not neces-
sary, because none of the bonds now given by the
superintendents of the mint—any more than the
bonds given by the sub-treasurers of the United
States—related to any specific amount which they
might have in their possession. They were bonds
given for the safe-keeping of the public money.
Under the general provision of the law it was very
true that one million dollars was the total amount
which could be distributed, butto-day one hundred
thousand might be in tbe branch mint in Georgia,
and to-morrow five hundred thousand dollars.
The Secretary had his discretion. Notwithstand-
ing in obedience to the suggestioifof thegentleinan
from Virginia, he proposed that the bonds given
by all the superintendents of the mints, should be
renewed and increased by the Secretary of the
Treasury, at his discretion, under the operation of
thi3 bill.
Mr. BURT said he was afraid thnt the morning
hour would be consumed in this debate upon a bill
just reported, which bad not been printed, and
with the provisions of which the House could not
be acquainted, arid thereby that the report of other
bills would be prevented.
He inquired what would betthe effect of the
previous question upon a motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union.
The SPE \KER. If a motion is made te refer
to the Committee of the Whole House on thestate
of the Union, and the previous question were
moved and seconded, it would bring the House
first to a vote upon the commitment of the bill.
