1850:
THE €ONdRBSif©$Ak &L0BE.
'-mm'
would have been "very appropriate in a Fourth of
July oration, where no reply was required. If
the gentleman was compelled to bring up past gen-
erations in justification of the enormity attempted
to be perpetrated by the passage of these appropri- (;
fttions, he must be hard pressed certainly. He
"was of opinion that if the gentleman had not had
occasion heretofore to indulge in all this glorifica-
tion of his State, at some Fourth of July ceiebra- (
tion,he would hardly have thought of introducing
it here. Detroit, according to the gentleman's ac-
count, (said Mr. C.,) is the greatest city in this
Union—it is the centre of all the wealth and all;
the refinement. It has more commerce than all
the rest of the United States. But what is the
fact? Why, it is notorious that the little town of
Toledo^ about sixty miles distant from Detroit—a
town that is scarcely noted on the map—has a
commerce larger than that of Detroit.
Mr. BUEL. The gentleman is mistaken 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield the floor?
Mr. CARTTER. No, sir, the gentleman re-
fused to yield the floor to me, and I cannot con-
sent to be deprived of my time.
Mr. BUEL. The gentleman is mistaken in the
statement that he has made.
Mr. CARTTER. I am informed that the com-
merce of Toledo is greater than that of Detroit.
Mr. BUEL. It is not so.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 understand that the com-
merce of Toledo last year exceeded twelve rmlhons
of dollars, while that of Detroit fell beiow that
amount. I may be mistaken, however. But the
idea of the Detroit Representative getting up here
and giving this House to understand that all God's
creation belongs to Detroit, is what I cannot stand.
[A laugh.]
In my remarks yesterday, which I supposed
would pass unnoticed, but which have constituted
a theme upon which the gentleman from Detroit
has descanted, for the benefit of his constituents,
I said ihat the Detroit river was not the natural
harl>or of the commerce of the lakes; that u was a
nai row river with a .swift current, and that sailing
vessels could only pass thiough with a favorable
wind. Has the gentleman met that objection?
No, sk. Instead of meeting my argument, he
talks about steam craft. Why, the steam craft
will take care of themselves; there is no difficulty
abo'ut their running into harbor. It is only for
that portion of craft winch depends on the winds
in making a harbor that protection is needed. Tain
about your steam craft on the lakes running up to
Detroit for cover! It is all balderdash, and you
know it.
( But I remarked at the close of my speech yes-
terday, that if it were true that you wanted to erect
fortifications for the purpose of covering and pro-
tecting your retreating commerce, you should erect
them where commerce con go, and where it can
find shelter and protection. Erect your fortifica-
tion on one of the islands of the bay 
The fa! ling of the Chairman's hammer announced
the expiration of the five minutes.
Mr. CARTTER withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed it. He said he only
wished to make a remark or two in reply to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland.]
His honorable friend from Kentucky desired to
know in what manner the Committee of Ways
and Means had looked into this matter. He
said it seemed that the committee had taken the
estimates of the Engineer Department, and that
those estimates were very extravagant. And he
wanted to know whether the chairman of the com-
mittee had looked into and caiefully examined the
items. He wouI/J say to the gentleman, in reply,
that he apprehended the committee were as well
satisfied of the correctness of the items of appro-
priation, as they could be without a personal in-
spection of the works. He was of opinion that the
report of the Engineer Department, scrutinized by
the Secretary of War, and then submitted to the
committee and examined carefully by them, ought
to be more satisfactory to the House and the coun-
try, than any individual opinion or suggestion.
He would say, further, for the information of
the gentleman, that the committee were satisfied
of the correctness of the items of appropriation for
these fortifications, precisely in the same manner
as they were satisfied of the propriety of the ap-
propriation for the marine hospital in the gentle-
man's own town, which he so diligently pressed
upon the committee, and upon the chairman of the
committee personally. They were satisfied of the
propriety of these appropriations by precisely the
same sort of evidence. v
With reference to the remark of the gentleman
from New York, by which he seemed to intimate
that he thought the committee had proceeded
blindly in regard to the appropriation for the Bos-
ton harbor, he would say to the gentleman, that
the committee fctruck'out a large portion of the ap-
propriation recommended for that harbor, thinking
that it was rather beyond the mark.
Mr. SACKETT said, he had made no com-
plaint aeainst the committee
Mr. BAYLY, in conclusion, observed, that he
did not know that it was necessary for him to
trouble himself any further with this bill; it was
now in the hands of the Committee of the Whole
—they could do with it as they pleased. If they
chose to reject it, of course they could do so.
He withdrew the amendment.
! Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called the attention
of the committee to the report of the Engineer
Department, for the purpose of replying to those
: gentlemen who desired that the present system of
making appropriations for fortifications should be
abandoned; and that these fortifications were in
I fact more important as works of defence than at
: any former period. The vast improvements which
, have been made in the application of the power of
steam to the navigation of vessels, as well as for
transportation by land, wouid enable an enemy to
come upon us before we are aware. It is necessa-
; ry that in the construction of our means of defence
we should keep pace with the increase in the dan-
ger of hostile attack. Ir. reference to the estimates
i on which the appropriations in this bill were found-
j ed,he showed that the engineers had taken pains
to prepare them with a regard to the strictest econ-
j omy.
] Mr. MARSHALL interposed an enquiry as to
| an estimate of £35,000 for iron railing and coping
I at one of the woiks.
| Mr. EVANS explained, that this appropriation
: covered not only the iron railing but all the woi k re-
quired on the fortification. He went into a defence
1 of the system of foi tifications, contending for us
; continuance as absolutely necessary to oursecunty.
, The country could not be defended without them,
i In the absence of these fortifications, how would
i it be possible for us to contend against the great
i naval power of England, and the three hundred or
' four hundred war steamers which she could bring
down upon us; or against the steam power which
France might bring to bear against us, should such
a st>Ue of things arise as would place us in an atti-
tude of hostility towards these Powers? He re-
: minded the committee of the recommendation of
General Jackson on the subject of fortifications,
which his lime would not allow him to read, but
he referred to the documents where it might be
found.
He replied to the objections which had been
urged against the expenditures on Fort McHenry,
and pointed out the importance of that fortification,
and the effectual protection which it was calcula-
ted to afford to the city of Baltimore. By the ex-
penditures which had been made at Soller's Point,
a hostile force coming up the river would be com-
pelled to turn several streams, and make a circuit
of some forty miles. He asked gentlemen who
are not informed on this subject to examine the
report and the map which he had on his table, and
they would find sufficient reasons for this appro-
priation.
He withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CLEVELAND renewed the amendment.
He stated that he saw in the course which the dis-
cussion had taken, that there was a general dispo-
sition not to pass the bill in us present form; and,
if he was correct in this impression, it appeared to
him to be the best plan, in order to accomplish the
object which all seemed to have m view, to recom-
mit the bill. He rose, therefore, for the purpose
of making this suggestion, as the most expedient
course, in the existing feeling of the House, and
the strong prejudices which prevailed against this
system of fortifications. In the committee, the
propuety of dividing these appropriations, and
apportioning a smaller amount to each, might be
considered. The appropriations might be dimin-
ished so as only to provide for the preservation of
the unfinished fortifications from decay, and thus
preventing any waste of the public property. He
did not feel himself called on at this tirfte ft) "eay
whether he would vote for this bill or not. He
was not sufficiently conversant with the various
works it embraced to be able to decide as to their
necessity, so that he would have to vote for or
against the bill as a whole. He vteuld much pre*
fer a revision of the bill in the Committee of Ways
and Means, for the purpose of introducing some
such modification as he had suggested. And this
he was still the more inclined to <Jo, because we
are now very near to another session of Congress,
and no great injury can be done to the works du-
ring this short interval, by a suspension of opera-
tions. Should it be found at the next session, that
the public interests are likely to suffer by this
couise, Congress could easily enlarge the appro-
priations. The whole country, in his opinion,
was becoming weary and sick of these large ex-
penditures on useless fortifications; and it was due
to public opinion that these annual appropriations
should be cut down, and this great amount of ex-
penditure should be saved to the Treasury. In
his view and judgment, such a course would be
satisfactory to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, to the committee itself, and to
the country; and^ashe could see no injury that
was likely to lesult to the public interests fiom
such a course, he was decidedly in favor of it."
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed the amendment, for
the purpose (he said) of making some remains
more immediately in reply to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland ] *
It is true, sir, (said Mr. H,,) ihat I am not per-
fectly familiar with the military details involved
m this bill, or with the peculiar merits of the va-
rious points selected for fortification purposes.
But, sir, I should regret exceedingly if, in making
a disciimination, we should be compelled to fall
back upon any such arbitrary principle as that
which has been proposed by the honorable gen-
tleman from Cor.necticut. There is one appro-
priation in the bill, however, the necessity for
which I know full well; and that appropriation,
though apparently a large one, is not greater than
tlwpublic service, or the public protection impera-
tively demands, it is that which relates to Foit
Delaware, the only appropiiation for any for-
tification, or for any point within the limits of
the State which I have the honor to represent.
The amount of the appropi iation is fifty thous-ar.d
dollars. If thegentleman from Connecticut will give
me his attention for a moment, I will say to him,
that so far as this appropriation is concerned, che
principle suggested by him should not apply,
however just it may be in us application to certain
other appropriations in the bill.
It is well known- to some gentlemen who have
served in this body longer than the gentleman
from Connecticut has, that the State of Delaware
ceOed this island to the Federal Government some
twenty years or more ago, on the condition that it
should be fortified. It was fortified at a very con-
siderable expense to the Government, and tie
works that were erected there weie probably the
finest that were ever erected by this Government
tor any such purpose. About fifteen years ago,
they were destroyed by an accident, and the peo-
ple of that region of country were exceedingly
anxious that they should be repaired. A question
arose, howtver, m regard to the title to the island,
between New Jersey and Delaware, and that que**
tion having remained unsettled until recently, ro
appiopnation during all that time has been made
for the repair of those works, until the last ses-
sion of Congiess, when, in compliance with the
conditions of the grant, and for the purpose of
piomoting the restoration of the works, an appro-
priation was made. And I ask the gentleman if
he would now, when the Government has just
resolved upon the restoration of this fortification,
which has been neglected m consequence of the
pending dispute for a period of fifteen years, siu-
"ated as it is at the most important point upon the
whole river and bay of Delaware—I say, I ask if
he would now seek to reduce tiiat appropriation
to $25,000? Sir, I take on myself to say that it
ought to be increased.
Mr. CLEVELAND (the iloor being tempo-
rarily yielded to him) said, that his idea was that
twenty-five thousand dollars were as much ascowld
conveniently be expended upon that work before
the next session of Congress, when the additional
twenty-five thousand dollars could ,be appropria-
