1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
ted, if necessary. His object was two-fold. One
was to rebuke this extravagant spirit in regard to
appropriations; and the other was to appropriate
only so much as could be conveniently expended.
Mr. HOUSTON, I understand the gentleman's
motive. But the honorable member must remem-
ber, that several months must necessarily elapse
before any other appropriation can be made. The
Committee of Ways and Means of the last' Con-
gress provided only for an appropriation of
$50,000, when double that sum could have been
expended, and, very judiciously expended during
the time that has since elapsed. I maintain that
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House has placed the appropriation,
so far as this fortification is. concerned, upon the
most economical basis, and I presume he has done
so with regard to all the other appropriations con-
tained in the bill.
He withdrew the amendment.
' Mr. SWEETSER renewed the amendment,for
the purpose of giving the reasons which would
induce nim to vote against this bill. We were
now in a state of profound peace, and he was op-
posed to any new expenditures on these fortifica-
tions. He would cheerfully vote for such sums as
might be necessary to preserve them from decay,
but he would not go a step beyond that. What was
the condition of the country ? The amount of the
appropriations for the curient year, reported by
tke Committee of Ways and Means, was about
fifty-two millions. Yet it was not more than ten
*years ago that the Whigs had broken down the
Democratic Administration, because the latter had
expended less than thirty millions. And now the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
had reported appropriations to the amount of fifty-
two millions. He did not think that the Whig
party itself could, with any consistency, sanction
this extravagant expenditure. Expenditures never
go backward. In what aspect, in what view of
our present condition, the appropriation of twenty
millions more than was required for the support of
the Government ten years ago, could be justified
or explained, he knew not. It would" be chsyi^d
on the Democratic party, if they voted thes^Kc-
travagant appropriations, that the object was to
embarrass the Whig Administration, and fix on it
an odious responsibility. Such charge had been
made in former instances. He did not desire to
be involved in any suoh charge. He would not
vote a dollar beyond what was necessary for the
preservation of these public works from destruc-
tion.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY (after some conversation) renewed
the amendment, stating that he had not replied to
some of the remarks which had been made around
him, because he believed that no one could ever
suspect him of being disposed to give to a Whig
Administration too large an amount of appropria-
tion. It had been always imputed to him that he
was father too much than too little of a party man.
It had been said that the Whig Administration
would be held responsible for these large appro-
priations. To a great extent they will be so;
because they have recommended these appropria-
tions, which we have felt ourselves called on to
report in accordance with these recommendations.
This, however, he could npt bring himself to re-
gard in the light of a party question.
The gentleman from Connecticut suggested that
the appropriations'should be cut down one half.
That was the course pursued during the war with
Mexico, and even then the amount of the appro-
priations was as large as now. And what was
the effect? He knew what was the effect in one
case. The appropriation recommended by the
engineers for Old Point was reduced one half.
The result was, that nearly the whole amount of
the appropriation was lost. The work was left
in such an incomplete and insecure condition that,
a storm occurring about the time, much that had
been done was lost; while if the appropriation
, necessary to complete the work had been made,
nothing would have been lost. So that in this
cas«e, as well as in many other cases, the maxim,
4£ penny wise and pound foolish/' would properly
apply. At tife last session there was an appro-
priation made for this very work at Detroit of
$20,000, which was $5,000 more than is asked for
now. He assured the committee that the appro-
priations made by this bill were not to the full ex-
tent asked for by the Engineer Department. And
he could not but regard it as a curious situation in
which he was placed, standing up here to defend
appropriations asked for by a Whig Administra-
tion, against Whig opponents.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment, con-
tending that there was no difficulty in determining
the true principle of action in regard to this bill.
The appropriations contained in it were asked for
on the ground that it was necessary to keep up
and complete these fortifications. If they were to
be kept up, the estimates which have come from
the proper departments, of the amount necessary
for the work of the current year, constitute the only
ground on which the Committee of Ways and
Means could make their report. If the House
should determine that the work should not be com-
pleted; and that the system should be abandoned,
then let the bill be rejected. It contains no new
fortifications. Had it done so, he should have
been indisposed to support it. But the appropria-
tions are merely to carry on the old works, if the
House felt a disposition to abandon these works,
he, for one, felt no objection, considering the sys-
tem on which they had been constructed as ex-
ploded. But it must be borne in mind that to with-
hold these appropriations would be to destroy the
works which are now in an unfinished state. He
had been for some years a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and he would say
that no work of retrenchment can emanate from
that committee. The only means of framing esti-
mates on which the reports of the committees must
be based, are in the Executive departments; and if
any extravagant outlay takes place, the responsi-
bility should rest there. The Committee of Ways
and Means could do nothing in the way of re-
trenchment. He admitted that the public expendi-
tures had increased, were increasing, awd ought to
bediminished. And he waswillingto takehisshare
of the responsibility, if the House should now de-
termine to withhold these appropriations and to
abondon this exploded system. Let the House, if
it please, wipe away the whole fortification bill,
or else let it adopt the estimates which have been
prepared by the proper department. The whole
system which we have gone upon, belongs to an
exploded military notion. General Scott had
tested the worthlessness of it, in his attack on
Vera Cruz.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOLMES (having renewed the amend-
ment) said, he was surprised and pained to per-
ceive so much opposition manifested to the system
of fortifications by gentlemen on this floor, it was
said that they were not consonant with the true
mode of warfare; that the modern system of war-
fare superseded the necessity for foitifications. It
may be so, sir, (continued Mr. H ) It may be
thit Marshal Turenne and all the other lights of
military science were mistaken. But, sir, I can-
not arrive at the conclusion at which gentlemen
here have arrived, that furtifications are useless.
And 1 cannot but regard the process of reasoning,
by which they arrive at such conclusions, as en-
tirely ad captandum. Blot out your fortifications
and let the harbor of New York be exposed to a
fleet of British steamers, and you would be liable
to lose in a single night more than the whole
amount of appropriations here proposed.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CONRAD renewed the amendment. As
well as he could be understood, speaking, as he
did, with his back turned to the reporter, he ad-
vocated the necessity of keeping up these fortifi-
cations, not viewing the system in the light in
which it had been viewed by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] He regarded the intro-
duction ot steam as making it more necessary that
we should keep up and increase our means of de-
fence. The facilities of attack had been greatly
increased, and the means of defence should be
equally increased.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of saying a few words as to the vote
which he should feel himself constrained to give.
He did this in order that the opinions of the peo-
ple of Ohio, <-o far as he represented them, should
be known here. He would never be found giving
his vote against this bill because it contained no
other appropriation for a western fort than this
#15,000 for that at Detroit. If any gentleman sup-
posed it to be his duty to go over each separate
item m an appropriation bill, for the purpose of
making up his mind on the necessity or propri-
ety of its adoption, he would have to sit liere a
long time. We want information on which we
can found our action. How are we to get this but
through the agency of the committee ? He agreed,
with the gentleman from Georgia, that if we in-
tend to keep up this system of fortifications, we
have nothing to do but to take the estimates which
have been prepared at the proper department, and
act on them. We must either do this, or abandon
the system altogether. For himself and his con-
stituents, he would say, they had no particular in-
terest in a single one of these fortifications, the ap-
propriations for which amounted to nearly a mil-
lion of dollais. Yet his judgment suggested to him,
that it was proper either to vote for all these ap-
propriations, as reported, or to abandon the whole
system.
He expressed his great hope that in return for
the liberality exhibited by the West m voting for
all the^e appropriations for fortifications, a similar
feeling would be shown by gentlemen from the
commercial cities, when the bill for the improve-
ment of the rivers and harbors of the West should
come up for consideration. He would vote for
this bill under a sense of duty. It was impossible
for him to go into such an investigation as could
satisfy his mind in relation to every separate item.
He was ready to vote for the bill without further
discussion. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAKER renewed the amendment, and made
some remarks, only a few of which reached the
reporter. He was understood as expressing his
conviction that these large appropriations for forti-
fications would not do so much good as the ex-
penditure of a single dollar for furthering the great
public improvements of the country. He ex-
pressed doubts whether those gentlemen from the
commercial cities would be found ready to vote for
aiding the western States in the construction of
their railroads and canals. Still he would give
his vote for the bill, although he would rather give
five times the amount for the improvement of the
great harbors on our sea-coast, and the rivers
which perforate our extensive country.
He referred to the necessity in which England
was placed in keeping up her forts in consequence
of her insular position. She was no, longer con-
tending for extended empire, but for the means of
sustaining her present position. He also made
reference to the policy of Russia in encouraging
internal improvements, and constructing extensive
railroads. He regarded this policy by which in-
tercourse afid the transportation of stores was fa-
cilitated as better calculated for the defence of a
country than fortifications.
He withdiew the amendment.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
between Mr. Butler, of Pennsylvania, and the
Chair.
Mr. BUTLER then renewed the amendment,
(for the purpose of having a vote upon it.)
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved (pro
forma) to amend the amendment by inserting the
sum of $12,000.
He stated that he had always been opposed to
this system of fortifications. We had expended
large sums in the construction of these works, and
he did not think that the work which had been
done repaid the cost. We had expended more
than twenty millions in the erection of fortifications.
What have we done? Nothing, which can be of
any practical value. He did not look forward to
any danger to which we were likely to be exposed
from attacks by an external force. Therefore he
was opposed to the expenditure of a large amount
of money for a contingency never likely to occur.
The only object of these appropriations was to
keep a certain class of people employed and paid
by the Government. It was a work which was
never done. On Fort Warren, at Boston, we had
expended $1,053,1)00, and yet we are called on to
make a new appropriation for the next^year. The
engineers never report what they are going to do.
They tell us all they have done through the past
year, but say nothing of what they propose to do
in the next year. We are told they have made the
houses more comfortable, have newly sodded the
grounds, but what they mean to do next is untold.
He referred also to the expenditure on Fort Jackson.
This whole system is one which feeds and grows
on itself. It never stops. -A fortress is never com-
pleted. He saw no advantages which could resuit
