894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
Mr. BURT, f move, then, that the bill be
commftted to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union, and printed, and I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I hope the
House will not order the reference, but 
Mr. BURT called the gentleman to order.
The question having been taken, by ayes 102,
noes 26, there was a second to the demand for the
previous question. And (after a brief conversa-
tion on a point of ordtft) the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
The first question was on the motion to refer
the bill to the Comauttee of the Whole on the
the state^ of the Union; and, being taken, it was
decided in the negative—^ayes 56, noes 75.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. McLane, and was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the amendment wa^agreed to.
The bili was then ordered to a third reading, and
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. HOAGLA^ND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an adverse report oh the pe-
tition of the citizens of Juliet precinct, Lee county,
Illinois, concerning a mill-dam ; which was or-
dered to he on the table.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the petition of Joseph F. Caldwell, asking indem-
nity for losses sustained by the alteration, by the
Postmaster General, of his contract for carrying
the mail.
Mr. HEBARD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of Snapp and Howell; which
was laid on the table and the report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee on Claims,
made on adverse report on the petition of William
Gibbons, asking for compensation for services
rendered in erecting and fitting up the United
States court-room at Jackson, Mississippi; and it
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. D.,also, from the same committee, reported
the following bills: which-were severally read
twice by their tale, referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and made the order of the day for to-
mnnow, viz :
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James C. Watson, of Georgia; and
A bill for the relief of Charles S'ewart.
Mr. GR1NNELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill providing for the settle-
ment of the claim of Henry Leef and John Mc-
Kee; which was twice read by its title and re-
ferred to the Committee of the W hole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. McLEAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported the following bills;
which were respectively read twice by their titles,
and referred to a Committee of the Whole House
and made the order of the day for to-morrow, viz:
A bill for the benefit of Sarah Jane West; and
A bill for the benefit of Mrs. Indiana Shoema-
ker.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Wm. A. Bradley and others, citizens
of the District, praying Congress for an act of in-
corporation; reported a bill under the name and
style of "The Ea^le Steamboat Company;" which
was read twice and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr. DUER offered the following resolution, i
which, he said, he thought was a privileged ques- i
tion, viz: !
Resolved* That unless sooner brought to a conclusion, dr- j
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union !
on the annual message of the President, shall cease on I
W ednecdav next, at2 o'clock, p. m., when the committee !
shall proceed to vote on the pending question of reference, I
and on such amendments as may he offered thereto. '
Mr. FEATHERSTON objected.
The SPEAKER said the resolution was in or-
der as a privileged resolution.
M r. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired wheth-
er the resolution came from a committee?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair understood the
resolution to have been offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Duer.]
Mr. JOHNSON inquired if the resolution was
in order during the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is one of
privilege, and is in order at any time.
Mr. INGE moved that the resolution be laid on
the table.
Mr. WHITE demanded the previous question.
Mr. DUER said he believed the resolution was
not debatable.
The SPEAKER said it was not debatable.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Inge, and decided  n the affirmative.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. Inge, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the resolution re-
ferring to the appropriate committees the various
subjects embraced in the President's annual mes-
sage.
Mr. BAY was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee for an hour, touching sev-
eral topics embraced in the message, and upon the
slave question as connected with the territories of
the United States. [His speech will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. BAY having concluded—
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor, and moved to lay aside the annual message
of the President, with a view to take up the spe-
cial message in relation to California.
Some conversation followed, after which
Mr. STEVENS withdrew his motion and pro-
ceeded to address the committee. He occupied
the floor for an hour upon the slave question. He
expressed himself in opposition to slavery gen-
erally, and particularly in favor of its prohibition
in any of the territories belonging to the United
States. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr. BUEL obtained the floor, and offered the
following amendment to the first resolution, which
refers so much of the President's Message as re-
lates to our foreign affairs to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, viz:
" With instructions to inquire whether, at that period, in
the late struggle between Hungary und Austria, when the
latur snuizht the intervention of Ruosia, with a powerful 1
 rmv, Hungary had not in fact triumphed over Austria, and j
whether the President, hy neglecting at that period toreeog- !
nize the independence of Hungary, did not depait from the !
settle'd policy of the country in recognizing He facto govern-
ments, disappoint the friends of freedom, and do violence to
the sympathies and wishes of the American people"
Mr. BUEL then proceeded to address the com-
mittee at length. [His speech will be found in j
the Appendix.] I
Mr. BUEL having concluded, the floor was as- ]
signed to
Mr. BISSELL, who yielded to a motion that
the Committee rise, which having been agreed to,
the committee rose. <
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that when j
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday. I
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in j
order. j
Mr. <McLANE moved that when the House }
adjourns to morrow, it adjourn to meet on Mon- j
day. ;
The SPEAKER said, that motion would be in j
order to-morrow, but was not m order now.
And thereupon the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &.c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees, viz:
By Mr. WHI'ITLESEY- The pet lion of Ariu« Nye
and others, of the town of Marietta, praying for a reduc-
tion of the r-ttes of postage.
Also, the petition of D P. Bosworth and others, of the
town of Marietta, praying for a reduc tion of the rat s of
po?tage.
By Mr, YOUNG . The petition of James Lockard and 15
others-, citizens of Darwin, Illinois, pmving the reduction of
postage to the /ate of two ct nts pei'haif ounce on all prepaid
letters.
By Mr. ROCKWELL : The petition of Willi im Packard
and 37 other cit zen.^ of Cummington, Massachusetts, in
favor of esabli lung the rates of postage on prepaid letters
at two cents per half < unce.
By Mr. CRO WELL : The petition of Jesse MaUley, Na-
thaniel Ca«e and others, citizens of Bristol, Turnbull
county, Ohio, praying for cheap postage.
Also, of A. N. Kozy, George Fancier, and others, citizens
of Turnbull county, Ohio, prajmg the establishment of
a rate of postage on prepaid letters at two cents per half
ounce.
On motion by Mr. GOULD, the papers of John S. Isaac?,
praying compensation for services as collector at Laauua
in Mexico, during ihe years 1847-8.
^J^^^EATHERSTOIV: rp|)e petltjon 0fw. N. Wurt
and o) other**, citizens of Mississippi, asking Congress for a
Jot of the public laud, for the erection of a church.
By Mr. PHCENIX: Theioini resolution of the Legislature
of the State ot New York, favorable to the removal of the
rocks m the Hurl-gate passage.
On motion by Mr. JACKSON, leave was granted to
withdraw from ihe files of the House the petition of Mid-
shipman A. K. Hughes.
By Mr. FLLLElt: The petition of Ephraim Knowlton
and 47 others, citizens of Ea&t Thomastori, in the county of
Lincoln, praying Congress to grant an appropriation of mo-
ney for the erection of a light-house upon Green's Inland
near the entrance of Hurricane Sound, within the limits of"
Vinallmven, in the county ot Waldo.
Also, the petition of William B. Grose and 62 others, cit-
izens of the town of Camden, in the county of Waldo in
aid of the same object. " '
Also, the petition and memorial ofLevi Foster, of Calais,
in'the county of Washington, and State of Maine, praying
Congress to .grant him a pension m consideration ol merito-
rious services performed by him in the revolutionary war
and in dofence ofMaehias, arid in the capture of the British
brig Dawson.
Also, the petition of Andrew S. Marston and 29 others,
citizens of Jones-borough, in the county of Washington and
Slate of Maine, praying Congress to reduce the pre-ent rates
of postage.
Also, "the petition of J. S. Sargent and 47 others, citizens
of Hancock county, in the Suite of Maine, praying Con-
gross to grant an appropriation lor the erection of a light-
house on Fly's Point, so called.
Also, the petition of May Gray and 11 others, for the same
putpo-e.
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The petitions from the
following persons, viz Isaac Alway, John Conkin, Henry
Chek, Charles C. CarsiH, Washington Denham, Cornelius
Hughe*, John Kerbaugh, Jonathan Naif, Jami's M. Rhea,
David Troxali, Edward Taylor, James Wright, jr., Robert
Trevitt, and the widow of Edward Moody.
By Mr. HALLOWAY: The petition of Alonzo Van
Fradenburgh and 32 others, praying for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of Henry Moshere and 65 others, on the
subject of cheap postage.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Abrah«fl#Cassil! and
15 other citizens of Jackson county, Ohio, praj mg Congress
that the >amc bounty land may be granted to the soldiers of
the war of 1812, and the Indian wars prior to that time, as
was granted to those who served in the Mexican war.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of Horace Bald-
win, Henry Sevigart, and 70 other citizens ot North Lima,
Ohio, for the freedom of the public lands.
By Mr. HAY: The petition of Jacob Ilowey, Empson
Haines, and 30 others, inhabitantsof the township of Wool-
wich, county of Gloucester, and State of New Jersey, pray-
ing Consress to eetabli-h the rate of postage on prepaid tet-
ters at two cent-- per half ounce.
By Mr. UNDERHILL : Concurrent resolutions of the
State of New York in favor of an act making appropriation
to remove the rocks at Hnrlgate, East River.
Also, Concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New \ork, in favor of appropnations lor the con-
stiuction of harbors and improvements on navigable rivers.
By Mr. TAYLOR. The petition of Clement Pine,
Thomas T. Scott, Johnson Loftand, O. T. Reeves, J. &, H.
McLandburg, and 110 others, citizens of Ro-s county,
Ohio, earnestly praying Congress to grant them the benefits
of cheap postage; and to establish the rates of postage on
prepaid letter®, at two cents per half ounce.
Bv Mr. BURROWS. The petition of Andrew Stanly and
70 others, citizens of the county of Orleans, New York,
asking Congress to establish the rate of pOftage on prepaid
letters at two cents per half ounce.
Also, the petition of J. D. Stafford, and other citizens of
Kendall. Orleans countv, New Yoik, on the same subject.
By Mr. MILLSQN : The petition ot James Lewis, asking
compen-ation for attendance on the district court of the
United States at Norfolk.
By Mi. STANTON, of Kentucky: The memorial of John
Culp, administrator of Samuel Dixon, deceased, asking re-
inuneiation foi the military services of the &aid Dixon.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of E. P. Tolne and
202 other citizens of Lewiston and vicinity; also, of S. C.
Fessenden and 129 other citizens of EastThomaston, in the
State of Maine, asking for cheap postage.
Bv Mr. EVANS, of Ohio : The petition of 20 citizens of
Mu-kin um county, Ohio, foi cheap postage.
Bv Mr SCIIENCK: The petition of John Shafer, of the
city of Dayton, Ohio, praying for arrears of pay and hounty
land due him as a soldier in the war ot 1812.
Also, the petition of 230 citizens of Dajton, Ohio, for a
unifoim rate of postage on letters, ivvo cent-, prepaid,
throughout the United Stares.
Also, the memorial of 290 citizens of Icenia and Cedar-
ville, m Greene comity, Ohio, for the construction of a rail-
road to the Pacific, on the plan of Asa Whitney.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to grant to actual settlers a portion
of the public lands- not exceeding J60 acres.
By Mr. COLE: A memorial to Congress from the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, asking for an appropriation of iand to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, to the Mississippi river.
Ako, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wis-
consin, asking for the establishment of a mail route from
Muscoda, Wisconsin, via Richmond to Adams, Sank coun-
ty, Wisconsin.
Also, a petition of John H. Rountree, J. E. Dodge and
others, citizens of Wisconsin, asking for the et-tablishment
of a mail route from Dodgevtlle via Wmgville, Sic., to Fort
Atkinson, fowa.
By Mr. BINGHAM: A petition of 500 citizens of Oak-
land county, Michigan, for cheap po-tage.
Also, the petition of Captain A. II. Hanseom, 1st regi-
ment. Michigan volunteers, for additional remuneration.
Also, the petition of 240 citizens of Plymouth, Michigan,
for cheap postage.
