398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
tra vacant eulogies of a man whose public meas-
ures f never df(J approve, and whose latest act has
been a dearfly blow at the rights and interests of
my constituents. For his personal character I
have that respect and admiration which genius
and hi^h talents, combined with great boldness,
never fail to inspire; but long ago he made his
choice between the North and the South. Long
ago'he became the advocate of a system calculated
ti> build up and enrich the commercial and manu-
facturing interests at the expense of agriculture.
Deluded, perhaps, by the phantom of an enlarged
pitnotism, the wants of his own section of the
Union were too small to attract his notice, and he
almost forgot tlmt it constituted a part of the na-
tion which claimed his care. With the best in-
tentions, if you choose, he mistook for'generosity
the feeling which prompted him to disregard the
complaints of the southern States, and with a
strange infatuation honestly believed himself to be
laboring for the good of the whole nation, when
he was only pointing out a wny for one part to en-
rich itself by the jtluntler of another. Still labor-
ing under the same delusion, still clinging to
the fatal error that true patriotism can only be
manifested by an abandonmeneof sectional rights,
and a disreeai'd of secsiona! interests on the one
side, and a full recognition of them on the other,
lie comes forward now with a compromise which
concedes everything demanded by the North, and
proposes nothing for the satisfaction of the South
but. the reussertion in less solemn form of rights
already guarantied and admitted.
The first of the Senator's resolutions, and the
one to which my remarks will be confined, is in
these words:
"iSeso/ «!,That California, with suitable boundaries, ought
np'Hi her npplicAtion to t>(i udinitletl as one of the States of
tin* Union, without tin' imposition by Congress of tiny re-
fctriciton hi r«js|>eet to tiie exclusion or uuiodiietion oi sla-
very within thofau bound.trie.-."
The latter part of this resolution might as well
have been omitted, for it means nothing in the
present posture of affairs. California has heiself
imposed a lestriction; and the question now is, not
upon her right so to do, but upon her right to
adopt a constitution at all. If she has the right
to form a constitution and state government, her
right to regulate the subject of sluvery for herself
is unquestioned and unquestionable. In deciding
this matter, authorities and precedents, if not of
absolute necessity, are yet of high importance,
and 1 shall make no apology for their introduction.
In Hn key's copy of the Constitution I find this
language
" The Union having been thus completed, and its Con-
ftitiiiiou and G< v<imnent ei-tabn-hed, tUe United Status,
under th*-* ud section of tho -1th aiticle of the Consiitiition,
re-erved to iheiii>erve-, in Congress. assembled, the light
and the power to admit new Siatt s, bv declaring tb.it < new
Slates >n*'y bp admitted by the Commas ol tins Union:'
and, as the 4th section of tin- same aiticle r< quite.-. that > i lie
United States shall guaranty to every State m this Union
a republican foini of'government," u has in practice been
deem< d a preri quinte that the people proposing io form a
new State Oe authorized by law to lorm a constitution, to
be submitted to Congiess, to enable thai body to judge of
ii> r< puhhean character, before proceeding to e\ -rei*e that
high and .-overeigu power of admitting a distinct commu-
nity of people to the inej-tnuabh; rights, privileges and nn-
nmmiic-* secured by the organization ot a Smte government,
and upon an equal footing, in all respects whatsoever, with
those States that jointly achieved the independence of the
countrjj aad wlm-h, together with those that have become
members of the Union since that eventful period, have
borne trie hawWitps tiials, and difficultly^, botli internal
and external, through which the nation lias passed, and
which have secured the stability, power, and happiness of
the country."
According to this authority, a law authorizing
the foimation of a State constitution is an essen-
tial pierequisite to admission into the Union. No
one pretends that the California constitution owes
its existence to **ny such law. It sprung into be-
ing without law of any kind, (unless the mandate
of the President is law,) and presents itself here,
not as the legitimate fruit of legislative action, but
rather as the corrupt child of military usurpation.
The prerequisite is wanting. The fountain is
poisoned at us source, and no art can clear the
stream of its impurities. 1 read again from the
same work:
"The Constitution also declares that f the Congress shall
have power to depose of, and make all needful lules and
regulation* respecting the territory, or other propei ty be-
longing io the United States; and nothing in thi> Constitu-
tion shall be so cou?ti tied as to pn jitdice any claims of the
United States, or of any particular State.'
"Under this clause, Congress exercises tho power of
creating territorial governments, which, in process of time,
by the increase of population and other concurrent causes,
apply, on behalf of the people, lor authority to form consti-
tutions and Slate governments, with a vie.w to admission
into the Union at a future period, and it is lor the Congress
ot the United States, m the exercise of their high constitu-
tional powers, and under the solemn responsibilities im-
posed upon them as guardians of the rights and welfare of
the whole Union, to judge of tbe expediency and the time
of admitting the people who may have become inhabitants
of such territories to all the peculiar and inestimable rights,
privileges, and immunities of the citizens oi one or" the Uni-
ted States of America."
No territorial government was ever established
in California. The people who framed its consti-
tution were^pt inhabitants, in the legal meaning
of the worC They were composed of Indians,
Mexicans, and a wild bund of adventurers from
every quarter of the globe, allured, by a lust of
gold, to the shores of the Pacific, many of them
without a permanent residence anywhere, and
four-fifths of them without the remotest intention
of remaining in the country whose organic law
they undertook to establish.
I do not speak without authority upon this
point. I have here the message of the Governor
of California, who, it is to be presumed, is ac-
quainted with the character of the population of
which he is the chief. He describes them as fol-
lows:
" Already we have almost every vaiiety of the human race
among u.*-—a heterogeneous mass of human benig , of every
language and ot evuy hue.*'
Yet these persons, not citizens of the United
States, owing no allegiance to this Government,
not speaking our language even, or undeVstandmg
our laws, undertake tp erect a sovereign State out
of the public domain; and, with a cool impudence,
which almost commands admiration, call upon us
to sanction theiraction, and give validity toa most
extraordinary usurpation.
I shall have occasion to refer to this matter
again, but I wish first to submit a report, made
by a committee of this body, and concurred in by
the Senate, at a time and under circumstances best
calculated to insure a correct and impartial de-
cision.
In 1796 the State of Tennessee made applica-
tion for admission, untTer the following circum-
stances:
" In the year 179-, proofs satisfactory to the Governor of
the said Territory having been given that there were more
than five thousand Iree male inhabitants in the &aid last-
mentioned Terriiory, representatives^vere ch<^en and a
government organized, pwr-uant to trapprovision of the said
oidmame tn ?uch case dechued, the governor and council
being appointed by and removable ai the plca&uie ot the
Prendent. On the llth ot Jul.\, 1795, an act was passed by
the L< gihlature ot the sa.d Teuitory lor taking a census of
the inhabitants thetcot; and it apptarmg, tio.n the cem-us
| so ta«t n,that there were moie than m xiy thousand tree m-
I habitant* in the >aid Tcintory, the said Governor, on the
Sjyrh November, 17K5, lulled his proclamation, as by the
t*aid l.t-t-nn numied act it- piocribed, requiring the said in-
habitant* to choose peisun* to represent than in convention
lor the purpose of forming a constitution or permanent lorm
of government.
"The p-ixons so chosen met in convention on the llth
Januaiy, 1796, declared the people of that part ot the said
Territory which was ceded by Noith Carolina to he a free
and independent shale, by the: name of the State of Ten-
nessee, (a great inajot ity of the said inhabitants having ex-
pressed their w i-h to loi in together one State,) and, lor their
peinianent government, expie.-sly recognizing the aforesaid
oid naneo of Congress, formed a constitution consistent
with the piniciples and articles theieof.
•'< By the provMonsof the constitution so formed the Le-
gislatm e thtreby directed to be t ho&<-n was ri qun ed to meet
on the Ja^t Monday in March then next, for the avowed
purpose of obtaining a representation in Congress dining the
present session. The Legislature met accordingly, and the
tempomry government established in the said Terntoiy has
ceased and been suspend* d. Due notice of all the aiore^aid
acts and proceedings has, from time to time, been given by
the Governor ol the said Teriitory to the Government of the
United Stales, and no dissatisfaction thereupon expressed
by the latter."
Upon this state of facts the committee reported:
"Congress have declared that the whole of the teiritory
northwest of tiie Ohio shall, for the puipose ot temporary
government, compose one district; and likewise that the
whole of tiie territory south of the Ohio shall, for the like
purpose, compose one di-trict; hut they have not definitively
laid out the ten itory northwest ol the Ohio into States, nor
have they deemed whether the territory south of the Ohio
shall be laid out into one or more States. If the district
noitlnvest of the Ohio contained more than sixty thousand
free inhabitants, it would not fiom thence follow that the
district could demand admission as anew State into the
Union, because the district mmt, by the teimsof its cession,
be previously divided into a number of State?., the fiec inhab-
itants oi eaeli of wineh must amount to sixty thousand before
sueh State would have a right of admission into the Union ; in
like manner, although the district souih of the Ohio should
: cotasn sixty thousand fiee inhabitants, it cannottrom thence
1 he infened that the dislnet, or that portion thereof ceded by
Noith Carolina, would have a ri«ht to be admitted as a new
State into the Union, because Congress have not decided
| whether the hameshaU compose a single State or be laid out
into two or more States. The number of inhabitants which
establishes a claim of admission mu>t be the number of the
inhabitants of a State previously laid out and defined in its
boundaries by Congress, and not the number of inhabitants
of a Territory which, for the purpose of terr.poraiy govern-
ment, composes a district which may be divided by Congress
into seveial States.
" Hence results this conclusion : That Congress must have
previously f nacted that the whole ot the territory c-ded by
North Carolina, and which is only a part of the territory of
the United States south of the Ohio, should be laid out by
Congiess for one State before the inhabitants theieof (ad-
mitting them to amount to ?ixty thousand free persons)
could claim to be admitted as a new State into the Union.
*• Had the territory south of the Ohio, which for the pur-
pose of temporary government, composes one district, been
laid out by Congress into one State, the enunciation o! the
inhabitants, in order to ascertain whether such Siate was
entitled to be received into the Union, ought to have been
made under the authouty of Congiess: tor the enumeration
of the inhabitants ot the original States, for the purpose of
apportioning the representatives, and ascertaining a rule for
the apportionment of direct taxes, must, bv the Constitution,
be made bv Congress, and cannot be made by the individual
States. And a> the rights of the original States, as members
of the Union, are affected by the admission of new States,
the fame principle which enjoins the census of their inhabit-
ants to be taken under the authoriiy ot Congress requires
the enumeration of the inhabitant-* ot any new State laid out
by Congres-, «n like manner, to he made under their au-
thority- Did not the principles of the Constitution seem to
leave Congie s without discretion on thi< point, yet the pro-
pnety oi the enumeration being made under tin ir authority
will he manitest, on comparing the fifth section ot the law
toi the enumeration of the inhabitants of the United Stated
with the law under winch the census has lately been taken
in the terntoiy touth of the Ohio. By this compaii«-on it
will be perceived that the guards against error, piovided in
the lormei law, are omitted in the latter, and that, instead
of confining the enumeration to the free inhabitants of the
territory souih of the Ohio, the law authorizes and requires
the enumeration of all the people within the said territory,
at any time within the term allowed to complete the same,
including as well the persons casually withm or passing
through the said territory as the inhabitants thereof.
" Prom the preceding view of the subject, the committee
are of opinion that the inhabitants of that part of the terri-
tory south of the Ohio ceded by North Carolina are not, at -
this time, entitled to be received as a new State into the'
Union."
The letter of the Constitution is, that "new
States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union;'' and its spirit demands that such admis-
sion shall be upon terms of equality. We have
no right to prescribe conditions which would lessen
the weight and influence of a new State seeking
admission; which would curtail its representation
m either branch of Congress, or take away any of
the essential rights of self-government. For in-
stance, while the ratio of representation for the old.
States is fixed at75,000 freeinhabitants, we have no
right to prescribe a larger ratio (say 100,000) for a
new State before she is allowed to enter the Con-
federacy. The converse of the proposition is like-
wise true. We can neither curtail her rights, nor
grant to her exclusive privileges. We cannotsay
that 50,000 free inhabitants shall constiiute the
ratio for a new State, while 75 000 is fixed for the
old. She must come in, if she comes at all, as an
equal, subject to all the restrictions, and entitled to
all the privileges of her eider sisters. These are
propositions which admit of no denial, and the de-
ductions from them are as plain and simple as that
two and two make four, and two make six.
Equality is the point to be attained. Equality is
what ihe Constitution demands. If there be any
ruie by which that equality can be must effectually
secured, reason and justice alike indicate it as the
proper guide for our action. 1 do not contend that
it is necessary for a people making the application
to have passed through years of territorial pupil-
age. I will not weaken a strong case by urging a
doubtful point But I do contend that, before
California can claim a place in this Union, she
must show that certain boundaries have been as-
certained and fixed by law, and that within those
boundaries reside a number of free inhabitants
equal to the present ratio of representation; be-
cause these are conditions which have been im-
posed upon all other States, and without which no
guards against inequality can be effectual. Under
any other rule it might well happen that twenty
thousand or ten thousand inhabitants of a given
district would exercise a power in the other end
of the Capitol equal to 75,000 elsewhere, and m
this body equal to the 3,000,000 residing in New
York. If we permit them to fix their own bound-
aries, to assemble and adopt a constitution without
any enumeration of inhabitants, either by Federal
| or Territorial law, all that will hereafter be neces-
sary to constitute a State will be for a band of
adventurers sufficiently numerous to compose a
convention, to get together in any of the territories
of the Republic, gravely erect themselves into a
