1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
striking: out the second section, which pave to Cal-
ifornia two members in the House of Representa-
tives.
The amendment was rejected: Yeas 21, nays
36.
Mr. W1NTHROP then renewed his motion to
' reconsider, which was agreed to: Yeas 33, nays
26. ,
Mr. CLEMENS moved an adjournment, which
was rejected.
Mr. CLEMENS moved !o postpose the further
consideration of the bill until the first-day of De-
cember next, which was not agreed to.
The question was thtn taken on the motion to
strike out the provisions in' relation-to California,
and it was agreed to: Yeas 34, nays 2S.
Several ineffectual attempts ^were made to ad-
journ, and
Mr. DOUGLAS renewed his motion to fix the
boundaries of Utah,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, proposed for the
southern bound^isy 36° 30', which Mr. Douglas
accepted, bul the amendment was rejected. Other
propositions of the same character met with the
same fate.
Mr. RUSK moved to lay the bill upon the table;
which was rejected: Yeas 20, nays 29.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading; yeas 32, nays 18.
And the Senate then adjourned.
[A full account of this day's proceedings will be
published in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jugust 1, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. WHITE asked the unan imous consent ^of
the House to offer the following resolution; which
was read for information, viz;
Resolved, Thaj^the Speaker be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to appoint a special committee, to consist of twenty-one
membe r.-., whobe duty it shall be to meet, consult, and pre-
pare such bills,fr>r-the consideration of this Hmi>e as may
he he«t calculated to allay the present excitement, and set-
tle the difficulties pending between the riiff, rent sections of
the Union, and report the same to thus House at ttie earliest
practicable period; and it shall hem order for.«aid committee
to report at any time, notwithstanding the present rules of
tSie House.
Messrs. CARTTER, ROOT, CONGER, and
others, objected. Mr. R. remarking that we had
had omnibuses enough.
So the resolution was not'received.
The first question pending was on the motion of
Mr. White, made last evening, to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state, of the Union.
Mr. WHITE withdrew the motion, in order to
receive reports from committees.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Jacob P. Montgomery; which was read a first and
second time by jts title, with a view to its commit-
ment.
Mr. R. said, that the bill involved a very small
„ amount; it was a case of justice, and he hoped no
objection would be made to putting it now upon
its passage.
The bill was read through, as follows:
Be it enacted, fyc>, That the Paymaster General of the
Umtul Siates he, and he is hereby, requested topaj to Jacob
P. M nt om(-ry the mm of $75, for medicines furnished by
lum to Captain W. M. Key's company, M sti^ippi battalion
ot volunteers, while they weie in the United Slates service
in UieJate war with Mexico. f
Mr. SWEE rSER said, the bill made an appro-
pria ion of muney, and he supposed it must go to
the Committee ot the Whole.
Ihe SPEAKER said, the bill directed a sum of
money to be paid, but it made no appropriation
out of which to pay it. It directed the officers of.
the Treasury to pay this sum out of a general ap-
propriation. The Chair was somewhat in doubt
tvhether this was one of the bills which properly
came within the ri*ie.# It had been previously held
and decided by the House, that such a bill might
be passed without reference.
Mr. PRESTON KING was understood to say
the bill involved an appropriation, and it had bet-
ter go to the committee.
* i he ryle referred to i s as follows:
" All proceedings touching appropriations of money, shall
be first discussed in a Committee of the Whole House."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he knew
nothing of t&e nature of. this claim. But it had
been reported byvthe committee, it involved a very
small amount, it would be paid out of the general
appropriation, and he hoped no objection would
be m*ide to its passage.
The SPEAKER. The point, involved is an
important one; and if it is Insisted upon the Chair
will make a decision upon it, whereby the House
will be enabled to decide the question. The Chair
will hold that the bill does not make an appropria-
tion, and, this being the fact, that it can be acted
upon without reference to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. SWEETSER. I appeal from the decision.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the 1
House? J
Mr. PARKER suggested to the gentleman from
Ohio the propriety of withdrawing; the appeal, as
the amount was very small, while the principle
involved was very important. As the Chair had
expressed doubt, he appealed to the gentlemart not
to press the Housexto pass upon the principle at
this time.
Mr. SWEETSER said he would he pleased to
yield to the request of the gentleman; hut, so far
as his observation extended, more evil had been
done In the House by indirection than by direc-
tion. This was an important principle, and he
must call for a decision nnon it.
Mr. THOM PSON, of Pennsylvania, suggested,
as a point of order, that the appeal was not de-
batable.
The SPJ3AKER said, in the opinion of the
Chair the appeal was debatable.
Mr. MORSE said, although the amount of the
bill was small, yet the principle involved in the
decision was a very momentous one. This bill,
if passed, created a debt, and he contended after
its passage the House would have no discretion
left as to appropriating for it. The rule provided
that all proceedings touching appropriations should
first hp discussed and considered in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; the place
for the discussion of the appropriation was upon
this bill. The spirit and provision of the rule re-
quired that this bill go to a committee.
Mr. FOWLER moved to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the
bill, in order (he said) that they might understand
its provisions.
The bill was read, (as above.)
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if the amount of the
bill could not be paid out of an appropriation here-
tofore made.
The SPEAKER. Tt is upon that construction
of the bill that the Chair has ruled that the bill
does not require to be committed.
Mr. ASHMUN. I think the Chair is right.
The question was taken, and—by aves 87, noes
not counted—it was decided in the affirmative.
So the derision was sustained.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to be
engrossed—
Mr. FEATHERSTON said that this account
bad been examined by the accounting officers, who
sustained the justice of the claim, but did not feel
authorized to pay it without a special act. He
briefly pointed out the particulars in which the
claim did not come within the provisions of the
general law, and showed the necessity for this
special act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, read a
third time and passed. ,
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the
claim of Joel M. Acker.
Mr. R. moved to lay the report on the table.
Mr. FEATHERSTON suggested that it be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole.
Mr, RICHARDSON acquiesced in the sugges-
tion, although he expressed the opinion that the
petitioner was not entitled to receive any compen-
sation for the purpose which he asks.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, that was the ques-
tion which he wished to have tried m the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question was taken, and the matter was re-
ferred to a committee of the Whole House.
Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution yesterday reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, by the gentlg-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] declara-
tory of rank in certain cases, was referred to the
Ccmimittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion to reconsidfer wa,s entered upon the
Journal and lies over. " •v
. On motion by Mr. CHANDLER,=the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of H. G. Fant,
asking compensation for mileage and transporta-
tion. ^
Mr. C. also, from the same'commlttee, reported
a bill for the relief of Wm. H. Owen, which was
read a first and second time by its title and re-
ferred to a committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
On motion ^y Mr STANTON, of Tennessee^
the Committes on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the consideration of several memorials of
sundry citizens of Vermont, Maine, Pennsylva-
nia, North Carolina, Ohio, Illinois, and Connec-
ticut, praying for the use of national vessels to
transport delegates to the Peace Congress to be
holden in the city of Frankfort, in Germany, and
they were-.prdered, to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. S., the Committee on Naval
Affairs was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the following memorials; and they were
referied to'the Committee on Commerce, viz: -
The petition of John SafFord and others, owners
of the schooner Volney, of Beverly, Massachu-
setts, asking for fishing bounties due on his
schooner; and
The petition of C. H. Lee and others, of Cha-
tauque, New York, praying Congress to pass a
law allowing American built vessels, that have by
any means become the property of foreigners, to ,•
be registered in this country as American vessels,
on their becoming again the property of American
citizens.
Mr. S., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petitions of Sidney Henshaw,
John Pierce, Duncan Bradford, and William Flye^
late professors of mathematics.in the United States
navy, asking four months' ex'tra pay while in said
service; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to establish a line of mail steamers to the
coast of Africa, for the suppression of the slave
trade and the purposes of commerce and coloniza-
tion; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the report ac-
companying, ordered to be printed. .
Mr. S , from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the Memphis Conven-
tion, asking Congress to order a survey of the
several routes for a railroad from the Mississippi
valley to the Pacific ocean, reported a bill provi-
ding for certain nydrographical and other surveys;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the report accompa-
nying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of William Guinard; which
M&s read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEVIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph Rad-
ciiff; which was read a first and second time by ita
title, and referied to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment,Senate
bill entitled " An act for the relief of Thomas M.
Taylor and Francis B. Stockton;" which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to whom had been referred a^num-
ber of memorials on the subject of claims for
French spoliations, reported back the same.
Mr. McC. said that the Committee on Foreign
Affaas had already reported a bill on the subject*
which had been referied Bb the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and he moved,
therefore, that these memorials be referred to the
same committee.
