WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1,
Qrder§d accordingly.
On-motion by Mr.' BUEL, the (jommittee on
jforeign Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of sundry petitions upon the subject
of French spoliations; and they were referred to
the Committee of the Whole* on the state of the
Union having charge of the bill on that subject. (
Mr. FITCH rose and'asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a. motion that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of the
House bill, No. 250., heretofore reported from the
Committee on the Territories, and which had been
refe'rred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, viz: UA bill to create the office
of Surveyor General of the public lands in Oie-
gon, and to provide for the survey, and to make
donations to settlers on the said public lands."
* ! Mr. THURSTOIN" desired to be'informed by-
the Speaker what would be the effect of the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] if it
should prevail r
The SPEAKER. If the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana should be agreed to, the effect
will be to bring the bill before the Hoifse for its
action. - ^
4 Mr. THURSTON. After the bill shall have
come before the House", will it be in order to offer
any amendment to if, which has not been offered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ?
The SPEAKER. If the bill should be brought
before the House'upon this moticin, all motions
made or action ha'd in Committee of the-Wholeon
the state of the Union, will be passed by. The
House could not have any knowledge of the pro-
ceedings of the committee, and the -bill will be
open to amendment
' Mr. THURSTON". Then I hope that the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] will
be agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL rose to inquire what1 the hill
was?
The title of it had not been stated, but some
member replied to Mr. Bissell, that it was the
Oregon Land Bill. \
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker,
whether un inimous consent would not be required
to enable the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch]
to make his motion?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair had so stated.
Objection was made.
So the motion of Mr. Fitch was not enter-
tained.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it be re- j
jected, the bill from the Senate entitled " An act
for the relief of Margaret L. Worth, widow of the
late General Worth, of the army of the Untied
States."
Mr. WALDO said that this bill directed the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Margaret L. Worth, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor Genial Worth, on the pension roll, at the rate
of fifty dollars per month from the 7th day of
May, 1849, during her natural life. Th/3 bill has
been before the House and discussed at some
length some time since, and referred to the Com-
mittee on R^voluuonat y Pensions, who immedi-
ately considered it, but have been unable to report
it until now. He lemarked that the provisions of
this bill made two important, changes m our j
present pension system. In the first place, it gives
a pension to a widow for life, and not during
widowhood; and in the second place, the amount
of the pension is not limited to the half pay of a
lieutenant colonel, but is increased to the sum of
six hundred dollars per annum, a larger annuity
than was given to the widow of any soldier since
the war of the Revolution.
He further said, that there was now no law al-
lowing any gratuity to a class of persons of which
Mrs. Worth is one; and the friends of this bill
urge its passage on account of the high character,
and long and meritorious services of the late la-
mented General Worth. The committee, he said,
were unanimous in bearing testimony to the
gallantry, fidelity, and patriotism of that officer;
and they deeply regretted that-they could do no
mnre to perpetuate the many virtues so conspicu-
ous in his character and life. But the committee
could n< t distinguish between the services of Gen-
eral Worth, and that of other gallant officers and
soldiers of our late army; and if the respect of
the committee is to be shown to $acflhn the same
manner, they would feel themselves bound to
recommend a bill for a general law, placing all the
widows of the officers and soldiers of" our army
upon the same basis. But the majority of the
committee are not prepared to take this step at
present, inasmuch as it would very materially in-
crease the amount,-already very large, wante'cl tor1
the annual payment of pensions, and would also
very materially change the principle upon which
our system of pensions is founded. But he said
he did not now rise to advocate the report of the
committee, but simply to state the principles upon
which it was placed; and having been requested
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Feath-
EiisroN*,] who has the bill in charge, to allow him
to make a motion in relation to this report, he
cheerfully yielded to him the floor for that purpose.
Mr. FEATHERSTON suggested that the bill
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where it might be con-
sidered. And he move.d that it take that direction.
It was due, he said, to the character and services
of the late General Worth that it should have at
least respectful consideration.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do not
pass, Senate bill entitled an act for the relief of
Mary McRea.
On motion, the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. W., from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, made adverse leports on the following
petitions, which were severally ordered to lie on
the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of Samuel T. Harrison and other
hens of William Harrison, deceased; of Mary
Delaney; of Eliza Vethake; of Levi Nichols; of
William E. Parkman and others; of Ann Temple
Green;of Maria Nicholson and Elizabeth R Nich-
olson; of Abigail Davis; of William B Godwin;
and the resolutions of the States of Kentucky
and Pennsylvania, relative to the grant of bounty
land to the soldiers of the revolutionary and last
wars.
Mr. W.,from the same committee, reported the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the reports
accompanying, ordeied to be printed, viz:
" A bill for the relief of Susanna Tarn, the widow
of John Tarn, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Christiana Weber, the
widow of John Weber, deceased.
Mr. W., from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports in the following cases, which were
severally ordered to he on the table and be print-
ed , viz:
The petition of Wm. K. Blair, former pension
agent at Jones'ooro', Tennessee; and of John W.
Campbell, former pension agent at Jackson, Ten-
nessee, asking for compensation for services ren-
dered while in said office;
The petition of John C. Van Duzen, asking
for pensions for the widows of all revolutionary
soldiers;
The petition of Eliza Kirby, widow of the late
Emanuel Kirby, for a change of the pension laws;
and
The petition of Henrietta M. Stewart and Re-
becca L. Weaver, for relief for services rendered
by their father, Aquila Stmchcomb, in the revo-
lutionary war.
Mr. WALLACE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases, which were severally ordered to
lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of Joseph Hernden, praying foran
increase of his revolutionary pension;
The petition of Frederick Fishback and Sophia
his wife, praying for the commutation pay alleged
to be due Colonel William Yates, for services in
the revolutionary war;
The petition of Joseph Plumb, praying to be
inscribed on the revolutionary pension roll of the
United States, under the act of the 7th of June,
1832jand
The petition of Joseph Carter, pray.ing to be in-
scribed on the revolutionary pension roll of the
United States-.
Mr. W. ulsoj.from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Captain Robert Wil-
son, of South Carolina; which was read a first and
second time by Us title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the report accom-
panying^ ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse report
on the petition of Sarah Foster, the widow of ,
Joseph Folhngsby, for a revolutionary pension 5
which was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. SACKETT, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases, which were severally ordered to
he on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of the children of Josiah Knight,
for arrears of pension;
The petition of John Ferris, for a pension from
the period of 1820 to IS2&, whieh he had not re-
ceived, because he did not perfect his papers to
entitle him under the act of 1820 until 182&;
The petition of Fiancis Hutinack for a pension,
under the act of 1818, instead of the act of 1832.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported the following
bills; which were severally* read a first and second
time by their titles, referred to a Committee of the
Whole' House, and, with the repoits accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Amos Knapp; and
A bill for the relief of Hugh W. VVormly, of
Alabama.
Mr. MATTESON, from the Committee on in-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by their
title, and, with the reports accompanying, ordered
to be printed, viz:
A bill for the lehef of Collin Andrews; and
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Catharine Clark,
Mr. AVERETT, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, made the following reports; which
were severally oidered to he on the table and be
printed, viz:
The petitions of Asa Derrington, Michael Bai-
ley, and Jacob Carter, for pensions; ard
The petitions of Joseph Cross, and David Cow-
den, asking pensions for services rendeied and in-
juries received in the war of 2812 with Great
Britain.
Mr. HAMILTON, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills;which
were severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred toa Committee of the W hole House,
and. with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of Cornelius Hughes, of
Tennessee; and
A bill for the relief of John Campbell, of Maine.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Isaac Seymour, of the State
| of Mississippi; which was read a first and second
htime by its title.
j Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, briefly explained
! the circumstances of the case, and the claims
which it had upon theprompt action of the House.
The petitioner had been a soldier in the Florida
war; had lost his leg in consequence of wounds
received; had been left, in consequence,a miserable
cripple, and now asked from the Government the
small pittance provided for in the bill, as a means-
of meeting his necessities. As at present situated,
he had not the means of purchasing a Joaf of
bread. He (Mr. B.) hoped, therefore, that the
bill would not take its place on the-calendar, but
that, in consideration of the urgent necessity of the
case, it would be put upon its passage.
Mr. CONGER made a remark, of which noth-
ing was heard by the reporter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear the
gentleman from New Yoik,[Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CONGER desired to remark, he said, that
for anything he knew the bill might be a very prop-
| er subject- for the fa\orable action of Congress,
but he desired time and opportunity to examine
the bill and the report, which he presumed accom-
panied it; and he did not think that it was proper
to take up the time of the House in discussing the
merits of the bill in the morning hour. He, there-
fore, moved that it be referred to the Committee
of the Whole 06 the state:of the Union.
