1850.
rHE congressional GLOBE.
How different opinions could exist respecting the
meaning of that part of my letter, I cannot con-
jecture. [These are the words: I quote them here,
though not in my speech:
« It (the interference of Congress). shouM be limited-to
the creation 01 proper .government for new countries ac-
<3ui:ed or settled, and to the necessary provision for their
eventual admission into the Union, leaving'm the mean time
to the people inhabitmgthem to regulate their own concerns
in their own way.*']
But, air, independent Of this obvious view, I
may safely appeal to many Southern gentlemen
whotwere here when that letter was written, and
who are here now, to say whether they do not
know that this was my meaning at the time?
There are some of them within my eye at this
moment.
[Here Mr. Butler, of South Carolina, and Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi,*and_others, signified their
assent.]
[I might have added in my speech, what I will
take the liberty of adding here, that the proudest
and most grateful testimonial I have ever received
has recently reached me from the Democratic
members of the Legislature of Tennessee. I shall
treasure the recollection of it-through life. In that
letter I am told as follows:
" Your late speech in the Senate of tli<? United States on
the Wilmot proviso is a most triumphantvindication of the
position heretofore assumed by you, that Congress has no
power under tire Constitution to legislate upon or to meddle
with the subject of slavery, either in the States or Terri-
tories, and is a complete defence of the rights of the slave-
holding States, and of the people of all States and Terri-
tories, to form and regulate their own social and municipal
institutions."
I want no better endorsement than this of the
correctness of my views and of the consistency
with which I have maintained them. It is a full
compensation for all the attacks I have experienced
here or elsewhere.]
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clemens]
will allow me to say that both he and the south-
ern representation, here and upon the other floor,
have an easy task before them. They all live in
an excited community. They naturally partake
of its feelings. And I do not say that it is an ex-
citement without cause. There is too much cause
for it, though none that would justify disunion,
and none that disunion would make better. The
provision in the Constitution respecting the recap-
ture of slaves has been too often and grossly vio-
lated and neglected. Every dictate of justice
requires a law more efficient on that subject, and
more efficiently executed. Such a law, wi'th
proper provisions, shall not want my vote. And
this Wilmot proviso, unnecessary and unconsti-
tutional as it is, has justly given great offence to
the South. I trust and believe its days are num-
bered. But allow me to say, sir, that when
southern gentlemen attribute the interference of
the North with the subject of slavery to any se-
rious calculation about the balance of political
power or of material interest, they are in a great
error. It-originates in other feelings. The spirit
of inquiry is one of the marked characteristics of
the age in which we live. It penetrates every-
where. There is nothing concealed from its
research. Even the highest and holiest things
are assailed. Why, sir, the rights of property
in the South are attacked. And so they are in
the North. There are men who contend that
slaves should not be held in bondage, and there
are men wno contend with equal pertinacity
that no one should hold land, but that all things
should be in common. The marriage condition is
assailed; the domestic relations are assailed; the
Being and attributes of God are assailed; and
strenuous efforts are making to overturn the whole
constitution of society. " Error of opinion," said
Mr. Jefferson, " may be tolerated where reason is
left free to combat it." Memorable words, and
as true as they are wise." If the schoolmaster is
abroad, he takes with him a great many unsound
opinions, which, however, can only become dan-
gerous by being met by resistance instead of ar-
gument. I have said, sir, that the southern gen-
tlemen have an easy task before them. They feel
their wrongs and express their feeling in no
measured terms, and they are supported and ap-
plauded by a constituency which feels as they do.
But moderate men in the North and West are
placed in very different circumstances. They are
endeavoring to check the excitement. They are
throwing themselves into the breach. And yet
their condition is not at all appreciated here, nor are
they spared in the general denunciations that are
used. We hear this every day, sir, and we are
becoming very impatient. Why, sir, the honor-
able Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] whom
this whole Senate holds in the highest respect, and
deservedly so, upon the introduction of a bill pro-
viding a more efficient mode of recapturing fugi-
tive slaves, said, and repeated, I believe, many
times, that it would do no good. That he knew
it would do no good. What he said I thought
might be translated into this: You are all a
set of knaves at the North and West, and, legis-
late as we may, the law will be disregarded, and
the slaves retained. This was not his language,
and I am sure it was not his idea, and it is per-
haps an extreme conclusion from what he said;
but there is still too much/oundation for complaint
at such intimations. They do no good.
Mr. MASON, (interposing.) In the Senator's
remarks upon the language which fell from me,
upon the presentation of this bill, I must say that
he does me great injustice. My declaration was,
that no law could be executed unless it was ad-
dressed to the loyalty of the people by whom it
was to be executed ; that they were disloyal
through their State Legislatures to that provision
of the Constitution. Certainly nothing was fur-
ther from me than intimating the idea that they
were a parcel of knaves in the North. But they
were disloyal to that provision m the Constitution.
Their legislation shows it; and because of that
disloyalty, I was afraid that no such law could be
executed there.
Mr. CASS resumed. I said that my words
were too strong. Still, sir, I will add that these
continued reproaches, denunciations 1 may say,
will necessarily provoke recrimination, and may
go far towards converting a just cause into an un-
just one. Why, sir, it is only .a day or two since
one of the most accomplished members of this
body told us in substance that if a dissolution of
the Union should take place, the northern portion,
containing twelve millions of people of the Anglo-
Saxon race, and embracing regions among the
most fertile on the face of the globe, would be ut-
terly destroyed. That their cities would become
like Tadmor, their hills like Gilboa, their fields
like the Campagna, afid themselves without pros-
perity, without hope. The grass would grow in
their high places, and that they would become
like modern Tyre, while the southern cities would
become like ancient Tyre, the entrepots of the
commerce of the world. All this grates harshly
upon my ear. I do not want any man to tell me
what this Union would lose, north or south, by
a dissolution. It is enough for me to know that,
if not fatal to both, it would check the prosperity
of both, and lead to consequences which no wise
man can contemplate without dismay. I am an
American, with the most kindly feelings to every
portion of our beloved country. Its strength is m
its union; its prosperity in its union; its hopes in
the Union. I do not want any one to come here
to tell me the evils the North would suffer from a
dissolution, or the South would suffer from a dis-
solution . I need no lesson upon that subject. If
any one can explain to me what advantage either
section would gain by a separation, I might sur-
vey such a prospect with less apprehension than
I now do.
Southern gentlemen will allow me to say, and I
know they will appreciate the feelings with which
I say it, for I have given proof of my desire to do
them justice by the sacrifice of my political posi-
tion, that they place the defence of slavery upon
considerations which do not suit the spirit of the
age. There is no use in going back to the age of
the Patriarchs, and tracing the history and condi-
tion of slavery from that time to our own days,
and proving its compatibility with the word of
God and the wants of man. They have a much
better foundation for their rights to rest upon than
any such process. Slavery is an existing institu-
tion in the South, for which no living man is re-
sponsible. It is interwoven into the very texture
of society. Between three and four millions of
people, differing in race and color from the pre-
dominent caste, are held in bondage. I have seen
a good deal of slavery, and I believe its evils are
much magnified, and that the slaves generally in
our southern States are treated with as much kind-
ness and consideration as are compatible with their
relative condition of bond and free, and certainly
as well as they would be treated in the North if
we had slaves these. I do not see myself how
such a mass of human beings can be set free.
Emancipation, unless the work, I may say, of
ages, would equally destroy the whites and thp
blacks. God in his providence may bring- it about.
I do not see that man can. It is a.question which
concerns the southern States alone. They have
every motive to deal with it justly and wisefy, and
every interference from abroad but adds to the dif-
ficulty of the. position and creates a natural reac-
tion in every southern mind. Unfortunately, sir,
every man who does not believe that slavery is
the best condition of human society, and that a
community never prospered as it might do without
it, is too apt to be considered in the South as a
northern fanatic, regardless alike of their rights
and of the compromises of the Constitution.
Now, sir, I do not believe this, and no consid-
eration on earth can induce me to say so. I be-
lieve that slavery is a misfortune for any country.
But the existing institution I have neither the
power nor the will to touch. On the other hand,
every man in the North who'does not believe it to
be his duty to enter into a crusade against the
South, and to cover the country with blood and
conflagration to abolish slavery, is considered by
a large portion of his fellow-citizens as a dough-
face—that is the cant term—sold by his^hopes or his
fears to the South. And this is -the condition of
every man who avoids extremes in periods of
great excitement, whether that excitement js
moral, social, political, or religious. History is
full of the most impressive lessons on this subject.
While the excitement continues, you may as well
say to the whirlwind stop, and expect to be
obeyed, as to endeavor to check its progress till
time and reason come to your aid.
Where all this is to end, I am not presumptuous
enough to try to foretell. Hard thoughts are fol-
lowed by hard words, and if these are not fol-
lowed by hard blows, it will be owing more to the
mercy of God than to the wisdom or moderation
of man. 1 will merely remark, in conclusion, that
the Senator fi;om Alabama [Mr. Clemens] has
alluded to a peaceable dissolution of the Union.
He will pardon me for saying that I hope no one
will delude himself with any such expectation. If
it does not bring disappointment, the history of the
world has been written to no purpose. In politi-
cal convulsions, like that which would attend the
breaking up of this Confederacy, the appeal from
reason to force is as sure to follow as the night
succeeds the day. May He who guided our
fathers in times of peril direct us in the paths of
peace and safety!
Mr. CLAY. X thank the honorable Senator
from Michigan for the few remarks which.he.has
just addressed to the Senate; and I beg leave to
say, sir, that { have not a particle of doubt that
the speech, the short, and to me grateful speech
that he made the other day, was perfectly spon-
taneous and unpremeditated. I do not know
when I have heard from any Senator the utterance
of sentiments with more pleasure than I did thoso
from the honorable Senator from Michigan on the
occasion to which I allude. And, sir, allow me
to say that the language in which the gentleman
has just closed his short address to the Senate,
that it is "ultraism" of which thi3 country, at
this moment, stands in so much danger, is founded,
I lament to say, too much m truth.
Sir, it is not my purpose to enter into an elabo-
rate reply to the argument of the eloquent gentle-
man from Alabama—a Senator who, I am in
hopes, will add honor to this body by the talent
and ability which he has brought into it. But,
sir, it seemed to me that there were two or three
observations made by that Senator which de-
mand from me some short notice. And the first
is an allusion to an intercourse between a Senator
who is not now in his seat—the Senator from
Missouri—and myself, m which the gentleman
remarked that the lion and the lamb had got to-
gether. I do not know to which of these quadru-
peds he assigned me; I should make a very poor
lamb I am afraid, and I am very far from being
ambitious of claiming the prowess of the lion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I meant, of course, that the
Senator from Kentucky was the lion. I meant
simply to express, by this figure, that they who
had always heretofore been the antipodes of each
other, had now met together upon this question,
and therefore that the South was menaced with
danger.
