1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLDBE.
Aug. I,
opens the campaign by~ seizing Maine. Her first
step would be to build works to make good her
hold. Let us butid the works ourselves, and let
England takte them if she can. Let us lay siege
to her Montreal, her Quebec, her Halifax, not to
works planted by her on our own soil. Let us take
time by the forelock, build our own works and
prevent this latter.
Effect of Fortifications w the Mexican
War—General Taylor's Line.—1. Fort Brown
•held out sixty hours against an immensely supe-
- rior Mexican force; held securely the flank of the
line resting on the Rio Grande, and rendered the
•victories of Palo Alto and the Resaca more deci-
sive.
2. Defences of Monterey enabled*the Mexicans
tO'hold out three days, and inflicted a very heavy
loss on the American force. in the quarter at-
tacked by General Taylor, a Mexican force,
which,in the open field would have as easily been
repulsed as oh the field of Pal> Alto, kept yp an
incessant cannonade for two days, compelled the
Americans to resort to works in their turn, and
for a time seemed to render doubtful the ultimate
success.
3. On the iield of Buena Vista, Washington's
battery, which held the road, was protected and
made strong by a parapet.
4. Point Isabel, Fort Brown, Monterey, and
S&lullo are all instances of positions made secure
by works. They added greatly to the mihtaiy
„ strength of the line, and enabled the commanding
General to keep in advance a large proportion of
his troops. '
General Scott's Line.—1. City of Vera Cruz
held out for a fortnight, and required a regular in-
^ vestment and siege; the garrison, a poor descrip-
tion of troops, being less than one half the invest-
ing force.
2. In the battle of the Cerro Gordo, General
Pillow's column was repulsed by troops behind
breast-works.
3,. In the valley of Mexico, in consequence of
x formidable works on the eastern approach, the
whole army was obliged to make the toilsome
march around Chalco, involving four days' delay.
Great losses grew out of the portions of the ene-
my being defended by works. Thus at the battle
of Churubusco two of the main points, the Con-
Vent-and the Tete de Pont, were covered by strong
field works armed with guns. At the battle of
Molino the enemy's line was flanked by an old
-field work and by strong stone buildings defen-
sively arranged, in the operations against the
city, the fortified position of Chapultepec required
the establishment of batteries and a cannonading
of thirty-six hours. 'And the great losses of that
day grew out of the obstinate resistance of the
Mexicans behind their works. Thus General
Ctuitman's column suffered an immense loss' in
attacking the little batteries resisting their advance
from the base of Chapultepec-to the gate of Belen.
And on carrying the gate he could go no further
for the time in consequence of the severe fire from
the citadel.
4. General Childs, with five hundred effectives,
held Puebla agamst eight thousand Mexicans.
His position being the heights crowned with the
' works commanding the city and die adjacent
suburbs.
5. Worlts exerted a great influence in maintain-
ing the line, reducing garrisons to a minimum,
and increasing the force at the head of the column
to the greatest possible amount. Thus Vera Cruz,
Jaiapa, Perote, Puebla, and the city of Mexico
were all defended by works, either constructed by
the Mexicans themselves, or subsequently by the
Americans, and thus reduced the force required to
n aintarn these places at least one half.
6. In the other theaters of operations in Mexico,
works played a more or less important part,]
Mr. BAYLY expressed his very great sutprise
at the remarks of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, particularly after what he had said, and two
or three limes repeated. The gentleman assumed
that on fixing the items of this bill, the Committee
of Ways and Means had taken the estimates of
the engineers, and followed them blindly. Now,
he (Mr. B.) had said, over and over again, that
though they had paid great respect to the rec-
ommendations of the engineers who had the
charge of these works—he repeated it—they had
taken pains to examine every item. They had
applied to the engineer department for all the infor-
mation which they could furnish; and there was
not on item which they did not scrutinize and
believe to be proper.
Now, the gentleman from South Carolina had
said, that he was not against all these fortifica-
tions; that* he would" be willing to grant those
which were for the protection of our large cities,
but that elsewheie they were unnecessary. Now,
he (Mr. B ) undertook to say, that there were
very few fortifications in the United States which
were not placed as the gentleman thought they j
ought to be. Our system of fortifications origina-,
ted under the direction of General Bernard, the
ablest engineer in the French army, whom we had
brought over, just after the close of the late war
with Great Britain, for,this very purpose. He
would put the military knowledge and experience
of that distinguished engineer against those of the
gentleman from South Carolina. If i}he gentle-
man had sought an item to which his remarks
would not apply, this, for the defences at the nar-
rows of the Penobscot river, was •♦he very one that
he should have selected. He referred to the cap-
ture by the British in the late war of the John
Adams, tlfat had taken refuge in the Penobscot,
which he said was owing to the want of this very
fortification ; and the vessel was destroyed. More
than half a million of dollars of private property
were lost. That very capture had suggested the ne-
cessity fpr this for tification, and he undertook to say,
that no gentleman who had examined the subject
as carefully as lie had, would say that this appro-
priation ought to be discontinuod. The engineer
upon the spot recommended §75,000. All this bill
proposed was $20,000; and yetfthis small sum
was to be withheld as an appropriation, the ne-
cessity of which he had adverted to, and which
had been suggested and demonstrated by the losses
sustained at this very place in the late war.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. FULLER renewed the amendment, (pro
forma,) and said; He regretted that the honorable
gentleman from South Caiohna, while he declared
himself as not entirely opposed to the general bill,
should move to strikeout the item of twenty thou-
sand dollars, as reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, " for defensive works and bar-
racks of Penobscot river."
He regarded Fort Knox, at the Narrows, as
one of the most important points selected, for de-
fensive works, on the Atlantic coast. Indeed, it is
almost the only one upon the sea-board of Maine,
with the exception of the defences at the entrance
of Portland harbor.
It is important, sir, to the commercial State
which I have the honor, in part, to repiescnt, for
many reasons. Fort Knox is located about mid-
way on our three hundred mile^of sea-board, and
measuring over four times that distance by its in-
dentations. It is within fifteen ho trs sail of Hali-
fax, the great naval dep6tof ^Great Britain for her
North American possessions. Maine is a frontier
State upon three sides. She is the third State in
this Union in her tonnage.
The whole number of ships, barques, and brigs
built in the United States for the year 1848, was
428, of which Maine furnished 248. The whole
number of ships and brigs built for the year 1849
is 346, of which Maine furnished 226. Her ex-
tended sea-board may literally be said to be
wh itened with her canvass, and where, I ask, may
her mercantile marine seek for refuge in time of
danger and peril, if there are no, fortifications
erected to protect her shipping.
It was in the rear of this very fortification, and
for the want of a similar defence, in the war of
1812, that the frigate John Adams was destroyed
and a half a million of property besides. I trust,
sir, no parsimonious views will defeat the appro-
priation for so necessary and important work of
national defence.
1 make no remarks, sir, in defence of the system,
for it has been too long established, and I regard
it as the settled policy of the country.
Mr. F. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SAVAGE renewed it, and said he was not
in favor of any increase of these fortifications, at
the same time he was not in favor of the abandon-
ment of-them all. He thought the system wise at
the time when it had originated; but the change
in the means of warfare and of defence had been
such as to render the system far less necessary.
He thoMght these appropriations were equally
meritorious; and that while it was not necessary
to increase- their number, those already in exist-
ence should be preserved. It was our duty to
provide comfortable barracks our officers; these
fortifications were barracks, dej 6 s for the army
which we should have to build elsewhere, if these
did not exist. He spoke of a visit he had paid
to Fort Hamilton, and of the improvements there
going on; and expressed a doubt whether they
were" necessary to the extent they were being
made. He was not in favor of a final abandon-
ment of the system, but of keeping up the present
works.
Mr. S. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, renewed it: He said,
i intend to vote against tins bill unless it is greatly
modified; and as l have little expectation that it
will be so modified, I wish to express briefly some
of the reasons for the vote 1 shall irive. The hill
proposes to expend some $740,000 for forts and
barracks. For this I see no reason. We have
been for thirty years engaged in building works of
defence at the expense of as many millions, and
1 would like for any man to show me one particle
of good. If we have expended $30,000,000 in
thirty years and have received no benefit from it,
is it not quite as probable that as much more may
be expended to just as little purpose ? In the pres-
ent condition of the Treasury, with the heavy na-
tional debt that is hanging over us, I for one am
unwilling to vote a dollar which is not imperatively
demanded by the public service; and as this is one
of the great drains upon the Treasury, 1 wish to
stop it. I do not desire to destroy the works al-
ready constructed, but these yearly appropriations
of near a million of dollars, most of which is for
<c repairs'*—but I do wish to see these expendi-
tures for repairs cut down to the lowest notch.
Why, what are these repairs mainly? They are
for laying: out beautiful grounds, with gravel
walksand ornamental trtesand shtubs,and splen-
did houses for officers' qu-irters. 1 admit that these
quarters should be comfortable, I ut if our farmers
should sec the splendid dwellings er(c ed for our
military officers, and contrast them with then own
humble tenements, they would demand a correc-
tion of the abuse of the public money.
The committee say that they have reported their
bill on the estimates of the engineers, and they
bestow very high encomiums upon their skill and
intelligence. Now, this may be true, but I, for
one, am not willing to take their reports as evi-
dence for me to vote whatever they ask. They
no doubt are anxious to continue m .employ alt
those whom they have dependent upon them; and
we may reach a point where men will be makiftg a
clamor for employment from the public, as they
now do in France. The engineers, too, no doubt
have a pride in being the constructors of great
fortifications and castles.
Tctinus is immortalized 3s the architect of the
Parthenon, and Sir Christopher Wren as the
builder of St. Paul's. Why not a disciple of Pio-
fessor Mahan make himself distinguished by co i-
structing "a dyke on Drunken Dick Shoal, in,
Charleston harbor?"—for that is one of the items
of appropriation in this bill.
But we are told we mast prepare"for war. Why,
sir, we have been an independent Government for
more than seventy years, and no nation has ever
declared war against us yet, and the probabilities
that such an event will occur are daily diminish—
ing. Whenever we engage in a war, it will be a
war of our own making, and for which we can
make our own preparation; and 1 venture, that irt
sixty days, every port, river, and harbor, can be so
fortified as to resist any attack whatever, either in
constructing water batteries or forte, like the old
Palmetto, on Sullivan's Island, which so gallantly
repulsed Sir Peter Parker and his British squad-
ron, in the Revolution. We need none (f these
expensive works, and for one, I shall oppose them
whenever they come asking such expenditures as
is contemplated in this bill. We have expended
already enough to construct a railroad to the Pa-
cific ocean—an object of much greater importance
to the country, in my judgment, than any of these
forts and fortifications on the Atlantic sea-board.
Mr. H. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ROOT renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of saying a few words to those who op-
posed this bill. He hoped they would let the bill
be taken out of committee, and get it before the
House, so that a vote may be taken there on these
bill for all the various objects it embraced, was
