1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
propositions to amend. He did not see much in
the bill which looked like fortifying the whole
country. The whole sum appropriated by the
not more ^than sufficient to erect one fortification
of importance. The sums appropriated here were
designed for little more than laying out walks,
planting shade-trees, and making the quarteis of
the officers comfortable. The object of the
therefore, is chiefly to furnish capital residences
for the officers. Those, then, who aredesirous of
carrying out the system of fortifications, will find
but lutie consolation in this bill. These are sums
appropriated—&20,000, $15,000, $5,000, $800.
There are some larger items, it is_t#ue. But all
the appropriations together~are not sufficient to
complete the erection of a single.,-important woik,
and to place it in a condition to remain. He
would not attempt to speak in reference to all the
fortifications contained in this bill, but m reference
to some of them, he would say that they were
perfectly useless. This was especially true as to
some of the fortifications on our noithwest fron-
tier. The inhabitants of that frontier want no
fortifications to keep foes out; all they desire is
such as will keep friends in. All the trouble they
had to experience was to keep .their friends from
wandering off. He trusted that gentlemen would
leave off snapping at this bill, and that they would
consent to take the bill out of committee, and to
permit it to go into the House, so that we may
have a vote upon it. in his opinion, one item in
this bill is about as good as any other. He was
going on to make some reference to Foitress Mon-
roe, when the hammer fell.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, renewed the amend-
ment. His preliminary remarks were uttered in
such a low tone of voice as to be inaudible. He
alluded to the report of the Engineer Department,
in which it was stated that the necessity for these
fortifications was as imperative nowa&it had been
at any previous part.of our history. He referred
to the objections which had been urged by various
gentlemen, to the effect that the people knew noth-
ing about these fortifications, or of the manner in
which these appropriations were expended. How
could the people be supposed to understand all
these details ? It was very well known that the
present system of fortificdtions had been com-
menced under the supervision of one of .Napoleon
Bonaparte's principal Engineers, General Bernard,
who had been brought from France for the pur-
pose. And now gentlemen rise herein the House
of Representatives, and recommend the abandon-
ment of the system. He admitted that it would
be almost as wise to abandon the system, as to
cripple the bill, so as to render it inadequate to the
purposes for which it was reported. Some gentle-
men objected to such large appropriations lor the
mere purpose of building sea-walls, &c. He
could say, in reference to the fortifications in the
river Chesapeake, which was entirely designed for
a water foitress, not a land fortification, as there
was not a single foot of land near it. He reminded
the committee that the present system had received
the cordial approbation of General Jackson, and
had been carried on under the direction of the En-
gineer Department. The policy we had pursued
was to appropriate small sums annually, on esti-
mates furnished . by the engineers, of the sums
which could be expended during the year. We
ought certainly either to reject this bill, to aban-
don the whole system at once, and let the large
sums which have been already expended on it be
thrown away, or take the bill as it has been re-
ported, on the estimates furnished by the Engineer
Department. These engineers have become famil-
iar with aU the various localities, and have made
these estimates from that knowledge, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have reduced the
amounts below those specified in these estimates.
The committee had recommended an aggregate ap-
propriation of something over seven hundred
thousand dollars. He thought that these gentle-
men also, who opposed this bill on the ground that
it was merely intended to benefit certain officers in
the employ of the Government, were entirely
wrong. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr- EWING renewed the amendment. He
said: I have listened with great anxiety to the de-
bate on this bill, under the hope that some facts
woufd be elicited, affording a sufficient ground for
opposition to part or all of its provisions, but in
Tain. We have heard frequent allegations as to
the changes in military science superseding the
necessiiy of harbor fortifications, but no specifica-
tions have been made, and no answer rendered to
the argument that coast defences are the only pro-
tection in war f->r our^towns and shipping. The
application of steam in propelling vessels, instead
of diminishing has rather increased the necessity
for these fortifications; there is not a harbor on
our whole sea board that, by the efforts of an effi-
cient steam navy, might not be rifled and plun-
dered but for this protection.-
It is idle to tell us that the coast can be protected
by forts erected, and levies of soldiers made, in
time of war; that along the whole line of sea-board,
from Nantucket or Penobscot to Galveston, we
could keep our people ready to meet the accidental
and uncertain visits of the enemy's cruisers, and
with fortifications hastily erected. Engineers, la-
borers, money, and time, are all necessary for the
construction of forts sufficient to resist the bat-
teries of ships of the line, and these preparations
must be made# time of peace.
The small number of our ships of war as com-
pared with the immense tonnage of our commer-
cial marine, makes fortifications on. our coast
doubly necessary. We can affoid less protection
to our commerce in time of war than any other
great marine power in the world; and the only
guardians of our shipping and our towns are these
watch-dogs that stand at the entrance from the
ocean. The small number of our ships would also
disable us from fighting in fleets or squadrons; and
as a necessary consequence, it must often happen
that when a hostile fleet was upon our coast, even
our ships of war wpuld frequently take refuge
under the guns of our shore batteries. We aie
often asked when these harbor fortifications ever
afforded any protection ? Gentlemen forget the
whole history of our last war with England: even
the gallant Lawrence, m the Constitution, lay for
some time in Boston harbor before he was ready
to make his gallant but unfoitunate fight with the
Shannon. This, however, is only a solitary, but
conspicuous instance of temporary piotection.
Our commercial marine was, to a considerable de-
gree, covered during that war, and our only com-
plaint was, that we had not a larger number of
such forts, so as to insure a still greater amount
of defence.
The commerce of the South and West is as
deeply interested in protection as. that of the North.
We may not own the shipping or import largely
on our own account; but our cotton, tobacco,
wheat, and corn are, to a large extent, earned
across the ocean, and thus subjected to the dangers
of capture. These are, then, national defences,
and necessary for the benefit of the whole country.
They shall therefore receive my support, unless
some new light is shed on the subject.
Mr. E. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed the amendment. He
could not forbear to express his surprise that many
of the gentlemen who had most strenuously op-
posed this bill, on the gruund that it appropriates
about $725,000 for the purpose of completing the
defences of* the country, are the very gentlemen
who, but a few weeks ago, were the most vehe-
mentand urgent for the passage of a bill which ap-
propriated fifty millions of dollars* worth of the
public lands as bounties to ail the soldiers who
had served in any of the various wars, Indian and
otherwise, in which the country had been engaged
since the year 1790. Yes, sir, these economical
and gallant gentlemen are all very ready to appro-
priate millions upon millions of dollars'worth of
the public domain to men who have served in any
of these wars, whether they have rendered any
real service to the country or not, or whether they i
have ever trod a battle-field, or unsheathed aswoid |
in its defence. They can vote away millions upon i
millions in bills for purposes like these, but when
a bill is proposed appropriating $700,000 for the
defences of the country, and in which these soldiers
are to find strength and security in time of war,
they start at the extravagance of the appropriation,
and raise a thousand objections to it.
He would remark in regard to one of these ob-
jectionat, that this was not the first time he had
neard the assertion made in the present Congress,
that this whole system of fortifications and de-
fences which we were erecting along our sea-coast,
was an obsolete idea. The member from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] was the ^ first, several months
since, to advance this new-fangled and modern no-
tionin the present Congress. That gentleman said
yesterday that our revolutionary sfres had tfever
thought of resorting to this mode of defence. "But
this is a great mistake. For does not that gentle-
man remember that great and gallant exertions
were made, 'and made with triumphant success
too, by the heroes and patriots of the Revolution,
by fortifications and means like these, to defend
the principal cities of that day along the.Atlantic
sea-board r Has the gentleman forgotten the gal-
lant and victorious defence of Fort Moultrie, in
front of Charleston, and of Red Bank on the
Delaware, as well as others which mighty be men-
tioned ? He would take it upon himself to say that
there was no foundation for this idea, and he would
challenge any gentleman on this floor to produce
any respectable military authority, European or
American, to sustain this assertion. He would
defy any gentleman to bring forward any respect-
able military authority for such an idea. In the
great wars in which Euiope was involved in
the early part of the present century, Napoleon
had indeed demonstrated to the adjoining nations
and to the world, that mountains do not command
plains; and that as a system of interior defences
along a coterminous frontier, as along the Rhine
an$l (he Alps, fortifications were of little or no
avail against an invading army, because they could
easily be turned. But it should be borne in mind
that Napolean won his first laurels as an^engineer
on the sea-coast of France. That brilliant star, -
which afterwards blazed with so much splendor
over Europe, and which first arose amid one great
conflagration, only to culminate and wane amid a
still greater one at Moscow, it should be remem-
bered, first broke upon the admiration of France
amid the glare of the burning fleet at Toulon.
This fleet of the enemy was entirely destroyed or
diiven out of the harbor by the fortifications and
defences devi&ed and commanded by Napoleon
himself, and it was there he won his first laurels,
and laid the foundation of his future fame.
It was suggested only some three or four years
since, that the Island of Great Britain should be
fortified by a system of coast-defences; and where
did it find us most distinguished and illustrious
champion and advocate ? It was in the person of
the iron Duke; for we all know that the proposed
measure was earnestly espoused, and warmly ad-
vocated by the Duke of Wellington, who ardently
approved of it. But it was not adopted, because of
the millions of pounds sterling which Gieat Britain
is annually compelled to expend in support of her
immense navy, on the magnitude of which, that
Government chiefly relies to protect the kingdom
against a foreign invasion. Besides, her great
strength and her great power is in her navy, and
the wooden walls with which she is able to fortify
and line her sea-coast, and in reference to whicn
her boast is, that—
" Britannia needs no bulwarks,
No tower? along the steep; *•
Her indich is o'er the mountain wave,
Her home is on the deep."
jjI
i • Her greyest power is to be found in her nary,
which is at this moment as great nearly as all the
rest of the navies of the world combined/
The assertion, then, is not true, that this system
of fortifications is^an obsolete idea, and it cannot
be sustained. It is true, indeed, as to interior iines
of defences against an invading army, and it had
been in a great measure abandoned, he believed, on
the continent of Europe, because in the progress
of the science of war it had been discovered that
the necessity for such defences had been super-
seded. But upon the sea-board, and as a defence
against the .naval power and armed marine of a
hostile nation in time of war, they were still main-
tained in every maritime State in Europe, and
were deemed of as much importance and necessity
as they ever were at any earlier and less enlight-
ened period m their history.
Here the hammer fell. He withdrew the amend-
ment.
Mr. CARTTER, I will renew the amendment,
with the view to a brief reply to some ofthe re-
marks of the gentleman from the Detroit district,
made in answer to me, and which implied that,
not being a military man, i was incapable of form-
ing a correct judgment upon the subject of the
fortification on the Detroit river, and that the
views which I expressed for that reason were of
no value. Sir, 1 will say .nothing of the justice of
the gentleman in assuming to judge of the neces-
