402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
my approval. I approved of so much of his posi- j
tion as denied that Congress had a power over the '
territories, beyond that derived from the necessity ;
of discharging the duties of trustee of the public, j
lands. 1 had confidence in the character of that !
Senator, and I have now. I held that his only !
connection with the subject would be, if elected to I
the presidency, of which we then had some hope: '
that growing out of the action of the Federal Gov- I
ernment; if Congress passed a bill to exclude sla- 1
very from the Territories, that he would, in accord- I
ancft with his opinion of the power of Congress*'
over the Territories, veto such bill: therefore X was
witling to trust him with functions growing out of
the federal authority. His doctrine, which ac-
knowledges sovereignty in any community which
may by accident or design be planted on territory ,
belonging to the States, I always rejected. i
The opinion of the Senator as to the power of |
the inhabitants of the Territories would have no ■
official connection with the office of President, and !
in that connection was not of vital importance, i
stated then, as I state now, that I believed it to be
wrong; and the very position which we are now
in shows that it is dangerous. Its result is now
seen, when men, without authority and law, have
gathered together—a conglomerated mass from
every quarter of the globe—and claim to snatch
sovereignty from the hands of the United Slates,
the owners of the property.
This was the natural growth, the necessary con-
sequent of the doctrine of the Senator from Mich-
igan—a doctrine now most firmly upheld by those
who most fiercely denounced it, here and else-
where, less than two years ago. I did not intro-
duce the opinions of the honorable Senator from
Michigan to comment upon them. L merely intro-
duced them to show the result of their being acted
upon.
I denied that any source could be found for the
authority claimed for the territorial inhabitants to
assume sovereignty over the country, except the
inalienable right to declare their independence and
dissolve their connection with this Confederacy.
The power he asserts must belong to the right of
revolution, the right to take the territory of the
Unitpd States, and appropriate it to themselves.
Unless he meant that much, when he claims to
derive the power from Almighty God, he means
nothing within the scope of my compiehension.
But the Senator speaks of the fanaticism of the
South, which requires the men of the North to
justify slavery as an abstiact question. I know
"of no such thing I do know that the southern
politicians of the Democratic party as a body sus-
tained that Senator's pretensions, when a candi-
date for the presidency, though they well knew
that on the abstract question of slavery, he was
against them. It was not abstract opinions, but
the introduction of them into the policy of the
Government, which we deprecated. Give us our
constitutional rights, and a free and fair exercise
of our equality in the Union, and we would never
regard abstract opinions. I tell the Senator, that
so far as I know the opinions of the people of the
South, he founded his argument upon a ground
that does not exist.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 regret the necessity imposed
upon me of occupying the attention of the Senate
for a few minutes, whilst I notice an allusion to
myself in which the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] has thought proper to indulge.
If, m addition, I should deem it proper to offer a
remark Or two in reply to a portion of the speech
of that Senator which has just been addiessed to
us, 1 think that I shall not, under all the extraor-
dinary circumstances of the hour, be very strongly
condemned.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky com-
plains that lib:private intercourse with members of
this body has been brought under review and
made the subject of harsh strictures. I understand
the honorable Senator perfectly; he is dissatisfied
at my having referred to the conversation which I
saw going on a few days since, between the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Bexton] and
himself, and should have ventured even to specu-
late upon the character of that mystical colloquy.
Well, sir, I beg leave to announce to the honor-
able Senator that 1 do not regard any proceeding
which may occur here, in sight of us all, in open
Senate, and having connection with public meas-
ures of great moment, as so strictly belonging to
what th© honorable Senator calls *a private inter- i
course" as to render it either indelicate or unpar-
liamentary to allude to it. This, sir, is a hall
of debate; a legislative assembly in which im-
portant public questions are brought forward,
discussed, and acted upon. It is a controversial
arena;, to be occupied by authorized disputants, ah
of whom have precisely the same rights and privi-
leges, and are absolute equals in point of official
dignity. The members of this body Lave weighty
responsibilities to sustain, grave duties to perfotm,
8nd a noble field of action wherein to acquire le
gitimate popularity—the appiobation of the good
and wise of our own generation, and an endlcs©
immortality of lenown. It mu^t not be forgotten,
though, that in this, as in other deliberative as-
semblies, corruption, intrigue, and low.management
will sometimes show their accursed visages, and
that it is quite as needful that we guard our-
selves and our constituents against the guileful
arts of fraud and chicane, as that we mingle our
voices in courteous and fraternal debate upon the
momentous questions which claim their solution
at our hands.
Now, sir, I did not charge the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky, in the ease to which he al-
ludes, with having done anything unworthy of his
high character or the dignified station which he
holds. Indeed, I took particular pains to exempt
him from all censure. But I did reveal facts in
refetenceto another Senator; which facts cannot
be gainsaid, and which I did believe, and do yet
believe, to be of a nature to warrant the conclu-,
sions which I have heretofore stated as to his
probable motives and designs. I will briefly re-
view the incidents which occuried heie on a former
day, my comments upon which seem to have
been productive of so much dissatisfaction to the
honoiable Senator from Kentucky. When the
President's message, which brought with it the
constitution of California, was laid before us, the
honorable Senator from Missouri arose, and in a
deliberate, fonpal, and most emphatic manner—
yes, sir, and with a striking and peculiar signifi-
cance of lone, look) and gesture-—said that he hj-id
confidently expected that, when the message
should have been thus sent to us, a motion would
have been made by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky to lefer the same to a special committee
to report thereupon. He distinctly declared in our
hearing that he had thought that an understanding
existed to that effect between the honoiable Sena-
tor from Kentucky and himself. He paused (as
he said) to afford an opportunity to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky of making the motion
agreed upon. That gentleman presently arose
also, and, suggesting that he had not undeistood
that the performance of this duty had been re-
gularly assumed by him, declined moving in the
affair himself—announcing his willingness to serve
upon any special committee which might be raised
at the instance of any other Senator. Then, with-
out delay, the honorable Senator from Missouri
introduced the motion for a special committee him-
self, and included in it a pioposition that the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky should be chan man
thereof, whose views he well knew at the time,
doubtless, to be favorable to the immediate admis-
sion of California as a State, as a separate and dis-
tinct measure, and not as part of a general plan
of compromise—as, indeed that Senator, on the
next day, explicitly declared himself to be. j
Well, sir, knowing as I did the special solici ;
tude felt by the Senator from Missouri on this j
subjcct, upon special personal grounds—being some- i
what familiar with the insidious tactics of that \
Senator, and his inclination (as so strikingly i
evinced in the famed protocol matter) rather to 1
aim at the accomplishment of his favorite legisla-
tive objects by instigating gentlemen on the Whig
side of* the chamber to action than by boldly as-I
summg the responsibility of acting himself—hav-
ing witnessed the suspicious interview between i
the honorable Senator from Kentucky and the i
Senator from Missoun, is it at all sttange that I 1
should, under all the circumstances named, have
adopted the impression, which I have heretofore
announced, that this interview was sought by the
gentleman from Missouri for the purpose of avail- '
ing himself of the standing and influence of the
Senator from Kentucky in aid of his scheme for
the immediate admission of California? Is it sur-
prising that I should have declared, as I did at
once, that I suspccted a plan then to be in piog-
ress for smuggling California into the Union?
When my conjecture was afterwards proved to
be substantially true by the very words of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky—who will not
now deny thai a conference had occurred be-
tween the Senator from Missouri and himself in
reference to tfois dangerous movement anterior to
its being made—will any one, besides the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky, censure me for expo-
sing the facts, as I knew them to exist, at once,
and, by exposing them, to counteract, as far as %
could, the mischief threatened, whilst yet in its
incipient stage? If I believed that this very
measure of admission, brought forward as it was
under the most objectionable auspices, urged
upon us with a pertinacity which an intense
self-love alone could prompt, was eminently
calculated to sow discord among the States of
this Confederacy, to engender feelings of dissat-
isfaction, of unkindness, and even of fierce hos-
tility—if I believed that the Union itself would
be put in danger by it—was I to remain silent, and,
from feelings of morbid delicacy, from a silly re-
gard for certain unmeaning and antiquated, or, in-
deed, as I think, mere imaginary, rules of par-
liamentary decorum, shrink from the perfoimance
of a duty to which 1 felt alike prompted by feel-
ings of disinterested patriotism and legard for the
well-being and safety of my own immediate con-
stituents? Why, sir, i have never been particu-
larly ambitious of being recognized as a shining
exemplar of aiistocratic breeding. I hope that I
attach a proper iegar<l to the conventional rules of
.social courtesy, and that 1 could not, in any case,
perpetrate an act of rude unkindness upon an in-
nocent and unoffending person; but I desire it
now, once for all, to be understood, that in all
cases 1 prefer the substance o( things to the mere
form; that, whilst a member of this body, I shall
do and say, at all times and to all persons, pre-
cisely what 1 deem it necessary to do and say for
the furtherance of the public welfaieand the satis-
faction of my own conscience; that I shall, adopt-
ing the word's of my eloquent and manly friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,} use in debate here
plain Anglo-Saxon language; that 1 shall denounce
vice wherever I detect its existence in public
places; that I shall, without playing the Paul Pry
upon honorable Senators, exercise a constant vigil •
ance here, and expose all acts of official impro-
priety with promptitude and with becoming spirit;
and that, especially at this eventful and trying
crisis of our history as a free people, I shall not
hesitate to hold the language of sincerity and truth
from the apprehension of any consequenccs mere-
ly personal to myself. To the honorable Senator
fiom Kentucky I be^ leave to say, in the words of
Scripture, doubtless familiar to him—in the words
of St. Paul himself—44 Wo is me, if I preach not
the Gospel!"
I hope that this free explanation of my views
and motives will satisfy even the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky himself, that he has no right
to complain of my having uncivilly or unauthor-
izedly intruded myself upon his private intercourse
with Sectors here.
Mr, President, 1 feel constrained now, by the
course of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
to speak more plainly and strongly in regard to his
present attitude upon the questions which occupy
so painfully the attention of the country, than I
had thought either necessary or expedient a few
day* since. Sir, had the honorable Senator con-
fined himself to the propounding of terms of set-
tlement, however unfair and oppressive to the
South, or had he been contented to advocate the
resolutions of compromise which he has intro-
duced here with all his well-known eloquence, I
should not have been disposed to complain of him
in the least. Though I certainly concur with my
esteemed friend from Alabama, who has spoken
to-day with a strength and brilliancy seldom if ever
surpassed m this body, in all that he has said
touching the true character and effect of the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Kentucky; though I
certainly agree with the Senator from Alabama
that these resolutions yield up the whole gnound of
controversy to our insatiate adversaries; though
the speech of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky in support of there resolutions of his was
in some respects highly objectionable, both in
phraseology and in substance, yet I could have
borne all this patiently, and did do so. I could
have remained silent, or contented myself with a
solemn protest against his course. But, sir, the
