IboO.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
honorable Senator from Kentucky has thought
proper to play the censor upon this occasion. He
has deemed himself authorized to disapprove, in
strong and pointed .language, of what has been
said by southern Senators relative to the dangers
which are now so fiercely menacing the Union,
and those dire results which all must at last per-
ceive will be the inevitable fruit of that aggressive
policy against which the South has been so long
and so zealously contending:.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky seems
ambitious of recognition as the special champion of
the Union; and those who assume to doubt its sta-
bility, or venture to predict its dissolution, as the
consequence of intolerable oppression, he appears
to regard as unmitigated factionists, Well, sir,
suppose I undeitake to show (hat no southern
Senator is responsible for using strongertind more
fervid language on this subjcct than did the
honorable Senator from Kentucky employ eleven
years ago. Suppose I show that eleven years ago,
when the cloud of abolition was no bigger than a
man's hand, the honorable Senator from Kentucky
h<dd language more cogent and inflammatory than
any now employed by those who are struggling
to ward off the perils with which the South is
threatened at this moment, when that cloud has
overspread the whole firmament, and when the red
lightning is already gleaming in our faces and the
thunder is rolling above our heads? Suppose I
show all this, what will the honorable Senator say
then? Will he still censure us? will he still com-
plain r The experiment is worth making, and I
proceed to read from a speech of the honorable
Senator, delivered in this body m the year 1839,
as follows:
"Sir, I .1111 not in the habit of speaking lightly of the pos-
sibility oi <U<sohiti£j tliia nappy Union. The Senate knows
th.it I have deprecated allusions on ordinary oceas-ion^ lo
that rtuoful event. The country will testify, that if theie be
anything in the histoiy of mv public career worthy of recol-
lection, it ia trie truih and smcenty or' my aident devotion
to its lasting preservation. But we should \wjalsein our
allegiaiue to it, if we did not discriminate between the im-
aginary and real dangers bj which it may lie assailed. Ab-
olition should no longer be regarded a* an imaginary danger.
The Abohtioni-ts, let me suppose, succeed In their pio-eat
aim ot uniting the inhabitants of the free States as one man
ai'im-i Uiw inhabitants of the >la\e states. Union on rhe
one ^ide will b^get union on the other; and tlu-> proces- of
reeimocal consolidation vviC be attended with all the violent
prejudiee<,embitti red pa-sions, and implacable aniniobHie>,
which ever degraded or deimmed human riatuie. A virtual
dissolution of the Union will have taken place, whilst the
forms of its existence remain. The most valuable element
of Union, mutual kindness, the <eelin s of s\ mpathy, the
fraternal bond-* which now happily unite us, wiil have been
extinguished forever. One section will stand in menacing
and hostile array against the other. Tne collision of opin-
ion will be quickly followed by the clash of arms. I wil]
not attempt to describe scenes which now happily he con-
cealed from our view. Abolitionists themselves would
shrink back in dismay and honor at the contemplation of
desolated fields, conflagrated cities, murdered inhabitants,
and the overthrow ot the fairest fabric of human govern-
ment that ever rose to animate the hopes of civilized man.
Noi should these Abohtiom.-ls flatter themselves that if they
succeed in their object of uniting the people of ihe free
States, they will enter the contest with a numerical  upen-
oiity that must insure victory. All history and experience
prove the hazard and uncertainty of war. And we are ad-
moni>hed by Holv VVnt, that the race is not lo the swift,
nor the battle to the strong. But if rhey were to conquer,
whom would Uiey conquer ? A foreign ioe? One who had
insulted our flag, invaded our shoi es, and laid our country
wa-te? No, sir; no, sir. It would be a conquest without
lauicds, without glon; a self, a suicidal conquest; <i con-
quest of hi others over brothers, achieved by one ovei
anothei portion of the descendants ot common ancestor.-*,
who, noblv pledging their lives, their fortunes, and their sa-
cred honor, nad fought and bled, side by side, in many a
haid battle on land and ocean, severed our country trorn
the British Crown, and established our national nidepend-
" The inhabit uits of the s'ave States are sometimes ac-
eu^ed by their northern biethien with ili?.playing too mncii
rashness and sensibility to the operations and proceedings
of Abolitionists. But, before they can be rightly judged,
there bhouid be a reveisal ot conditions. Let me suppose
t.iat the people of the slave States were to torm societies,
subndize presses, make large pecuniary contributions, -;end
toitli jiuniei'>us missionaries throughout all then borders,
and enter into machinations to burn the^beauuful capital^,
de^trov the productive nianufactoues, and sink in the ocean
the "ahant *mp« ot the noithern States. Would these in
etndiarv piorcednigs be iegarded as neighboily and friend-
lv and* consistent with the fraternal sentiments which
should ever no cherished bv one portion of the Union to-
watd« another: Would they excite no emotion, occasion
no manitestation^ of dissatisfaction, nor lead to any acts ol
tetaliatory violence? But the suppo>ed.ca*e falls lar short
of the actual one in a mo>t essential circumstance. In no
contingency could these capitals, manufactories, and ^hip-2
ris- m "rebellion and mi^acie the inhabitants of the noitil-
cm States."
^Eleven years ago the honorable Senator pre-
dicted, as we see, that "union on the one side ^
would beget union on the other, ' he might have
added, with Edmund Burke, " when bad men cowi-
bine, good men must uniteand now, when that
very-union is concerted which eleven years ago
he regarded as so natural and inevitable that he
felt authorized to prophesy it in advance—that
union, so necessary to the safety of the South.-—
he now ardently deplores and almost denounces it.
Now, when our adversaries have threatened us
with utter destruction; now, when the machinery
of ruin has been all arranged and is ready to pour
into our midst the missiles of insult, ofdegradation,
and of death; now, when we might well say with
a Virginia orator of revolutionary times " our
chains are already forged," their clanking may be
heard upon the plains of Boston; " the first-gale
that sweeps from the North may* bring to our
ears the clash of resounding arms;" now, in this
moment of real peril, when the evils that he des-
cried in the distance years ago are at least almost
in sight; now, when till hope of honorable
compromise is well nigh extinct, and all the hor-
rors of civil war are almost upon us and in our
midst; now the honorable Senator beseeches us to
be patient, and moderate* and Kind; to trust to the
mercies of those whose hearty seem steeled to all
the tender charities of life, and to remain mglori-
ously inactive whilst the fetters of a degiadnig
thraldom are fixed upon ou<- free limbs—and in-
justice such as no high spirited people ever bore
unresistingly is imposed upon ns by those whom
we have heretofore recognized as our friends and
brethren. The honorable Senator in the year 1839
said that when such evils as wc are now experi-
encing should have been realized, " a virtual disso-
lution of the Union will have taken place.^ These
were the precise words of my honorable friend
from Alabama, who said that & virtual dissolution
ot the Union hod already taken place, in conse-
quence of what we ha\ e been fated to endure for
several years past. Arid yet the Senator from
Kemucky and others now discover this language
to be decidedly offensive, and deserving of the
harshest censures. Well, sir, whatever others may
say or think, I feel bound to sny, as I have often-
times heretofore said, that if the aggressions now
threatened shall actually take place, or wrongs
heretofore pciptUateu upon the South shall remain
much longer unredressed, for one I shall utterly
despair of the Union. I will go further, and declare
it to be my solemn and deliberate opinion that, if
California is admitted as a sepaiate and distinct
measure, without any compensation to the South
therefor, it will be impossible for this Union to
hold together six months longer. Let those who
are driving the Seuth to the last extremity look to
it; in a short time it may be too late to save the
Republic from such scenes of carnage and of hor-
ror as the history of civilized men has never yet
recounted.
Mr. President, lam justified by the course pur-
sued by the honorable Senator fiom Kentucky on
this occasion in going somewhat particularly into
his pasthistory in connection with the subject of
slavery. In the early days of young and bloom-
ing manhood, the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky was betrayed, as I think, into some gross
but rather fantastical errors in relation to slaveiy,
from which he has never been able to relieve his
mind since. These errors seem to have been the-
oretical merely; they were not of a nature, at any
rate, so potential as to induce the honorable Sena-
toi to emancipate his own slaves, or to persuade
his neighbors a.-.d n lends to the execution of any
such"fanciful scheme of philanthropy. In subse-
quent life he became known as a member, as
President of the Colonization Society, and as such
has delivered more than one address, in which lie
has borne eloquent testimony to the evils of sla-
very. On several occasions in Congress the hon-
orable Senator has been known in former years to
exhibit himself more or less as a decided uisap-
prover of the system of domestic slavery m the
South. Last Mimroer he took anotner step, and
recommended to the people of Kentucky, in a
deeply interesting letter, tne adoption of a system
of prospective emancipation. The publication of
this letter .brought on a contest m thatState, which
was waged heatedly and actively for several
months, and not without some bloodshed; but
which happily terminated in the utter defeat of
this plan of emancipation. A short time since,
the Free-Soilers of Ohio, and 1 believe of several
other States, held a convention at Cleveland, at
which theyadopted resolutions mote objectionable
to the South than any which had antecedently ap-
peared. A committee of this convention wrote a
letter to the honorable Senator from Kentucky, to
which he replied, approving fully the objects of
their assemblage, and giving his assent to their
general doctrines. Such was the predicament
of the honorable Senator when he came among
us at this session; and what has been his course
here? Why, sir, I feel bound to admit that the
honorable Senator has been quite consistent.
His first important movement was the introduc-
tion of his resolutions of compromise. And what
are these resolutions ? Why, one of them is for-
mally declarative ot the hated Wilmot proviso
piinciple; another brings in California; another,
by inevitable implication, asserts the power of
Congress to aboh&h slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia; another proposes to abolish the slave-
trade m the District of Columbia. And all this is
to be conceded by the South without any com-
pensating advantages whatever. I am ceitainly
not a great deal surprised that such terms of ad-
justment should have been brought forward by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, taking into
consideration the events of his public life already
refcrted to; but 1 shall certainly always remain
unable to perceive in his resolutions any of the
features of a genuine compromise.
And what sort of a speech was thafhy which
these icsolutions were accompanied? {Vhy, sir,
f undertake to «*y that there is moie in the senti-
ments and language of that speech to mortify
southern sensibilities, to awaken dissatisfaction,
and to provoke lesentment too, as well among all
who are not quite convinced as I am of thapurity
of the honorable Senator's motives, than we find
ni any speech of professed Abolitionists, not ex-
cepting even the far-famed Garrison, and Philips,
and Douglass. Certainly no speech at all approxi-
mating to this one of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky haw ever been deliveied before in either
Houae of Congress, i will not particularize; but
I am sure that all who have read that speech will"
admit that I have done it but simple justice.
Why, su . o speech so replete with offensive doc-
trmc—so dogmatical and overbearing in its tone—
so menacing m Us spirit, no man but one p'o?sess-
mg the motal prowess which so eminently distin-
guishes the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
could ever have been able to enunciate. I am sure
; that the honoiable Senator fiom New Yoik [Mr.
Sewakd] will never dare to deliver such a speech
here. The honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] with all that rhetorical hero-
ism which he displayed among us the other day,
would recoil from the utterance of much that felt,
with an easy grace from the lips of the honorable
Senator from Kentucky; and the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Chase] 1 am confident is too
moderate and forbearing in his temper ever to de-.
liver such a philippic as this against the whole sys-
tem of domestic slavery, and against the efforts of
the southern States of the Confederacy to protect
themselves against menaced aggressions. Sir, I
feel that no other member of the Senate besides
the Senator from Kentucky could have pronounced
such a speech in the hearing of southern men
without calling forth a response full of indignation
and asperity. And yet we have listened to the
honorable Senator's harangue with coolness, with
forbearance, with respect, and even with feelings
of kindly allowance. Of ail this the honorable
Senator from Kentucky soems to be insensible; and
he even complains that he has not been treated
with fir tin* politeness by several southern Sena-
tors, myself included. Let me beg the honorable
Senator to consider calmly all the facts which I
have stated; to bear in mind the harassment to
wmch we ha'.e been subjected, the indignities in-
flicted upon us, the injuries so fiercely threatened,
the horiivs which arc now clearly discerned in the
future, and then let him tell me if he is not amazed
at the meekness and moderation which has hereto-
fore marked the demeanor of southern Senators to-
wards himself? Let him, I pray, not complain of
harshness or incivility, but be ready to acknowl-
edge the most wonderful instance of self-restraint,
amidst enormous wrongs and persecutions, that
the parliamentary history of the republic has yet
afforded, i hope that he will m future spare us all
necessity for future complaint or censure. If the
honorable Senator at all douots the evil tendency
of his resolutions and speech, i beseech him to
read a few of the northern papers. He williind
