404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
that both his speech and resolutions were repub-
lished with the warmest commendations, in all
except a few of the ultra abolition papers, such as
the Liberator of Garrison, whilst the honorable
Senator himself was most exorbitantly praised.
Mr. DODGES, of Iowa. Will the Senator from
Mississippi allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly.
Mr. DODOS. Mr. President, I wish to ask
the honorable Senator whether he had seen and
read the caustic article in a late number of the
New York livening Post, over the signature of
John Jay; the writer of which—a northern man,
jand evidently one of no ordinary ability—takes
up and argues the resolutions of the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Cla.y] seriatim; pronounces them
all pro-slavery, and manifestly unjust to the North;
scouting the idea that they should be accepted by
that section of the Union as a compromise. Oflike
tenor are many if not most of the comments that
X have seen in the press- from the East, where
the anti-slaveiy feeling is strongest. I confess,
Mr. President, when 1 read these bitter animad-
versions from the North and East upon what I re-
gard as the patriotic exertions of the venerable Sen-
ator from Kentucky.to pour oil upon the troubled
waters, and listen here to the merciless denunci-
ations which both he and his resolutions receive
from my friend from Mississippi, I could not but
feel for the Senator from Kentucky a sympathy
which nothing in his past history had awakened
in me.
Mr. FOOTE. Yes, sir; I saw the letter of Mr.
Jay, to which the honorable Senator from Iowa
refers. I read it from beginning to end; and I ac-
knowledge it to be true that in this letter the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky is most discourte-
ously, most bitterly, most mercilessly denounced.
And he is thus denounced chiefly bccause of his
resolution in regHVd to the recapture of fugitive
slaves, and his remarks in support thereof. But
this Mr. Jay is a single individual—he is evident-
ly an Abolitionist of the most malignant stamp—
and I should suppose him to be a man of but little
influence over the minds of any not as infat-
uated as himself on the subject of slavery. But,
sir, what is the letter of Mr. Jay, I pray you,
compared with the whole northern Whig and
Free Soil press ? To show how the speech of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky stands approved
by the class of editors named, I will specify a
single paper, and that shall be the Albany Evening
Journal. This newpaper is edited by a gentleman
somewhat celebrated in the country, known as
Thurlow Weed, Esq. lie is, as you well know,
Mr. President, another of the if firm, unwavering
friends" of the honorable Senator from the Em-
pire State, [Mr. Sewakd,] whose devotion to the
Abolition cause is so well known in the country,
and who told us all, a few weeks since, that he
knew no distinction of colors or races; that.he
respected and sympathized with the black man as
strongly as he did with the white man, and who
may be well recognized as the chief of the politico
abolition factionists of tne North. The Albany
Evening Journal is his acknowledged organ, the
editor of which is a shrewd, intelligent, and acute
man, whose avowed object, as I believe, is to ele-
vate the honorable Senator from New York to the
Presidential office hereafter. Well, sir, this edi-
tor was extremely delighted with the speech and
resolutions of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, and upon their reception bestowed both
upon them and their author the most unmeasured
encomiums. Now, sir, let me ask the honorable
Senator from Kentucky whether these facts do not
prove that the influence of his chaiacter and intel-
lect has been exerted with most deadly effect
against the South at this crisis? I do not now
speak of the honorable Senator's intentions; but
the consequences of his acts heie are too palpable ;
to be denied. Sir, I lament this state of things i
most profoundly. 1 lament it, because I do now '
most seriously fear that the teachings of the hon- >
orable Senator have been so potential in encour^ |
aging the enemies of southern rights in the North, !
and in discouraging and paralyzing our friends j
there, (none of whom can safely concede more to ■
the South than is claimed for her by so distin- i
guished a slaveholding Senator as the gentleman 1
from Kentucky,) t*at i greatly fear that all hope ;
of perpetual adjustment and compromise is at an j
end. If this should turn out to be the case, I ap- I
prehend that the honorable Senator from Ken- i
tucky will himself be constrained to feel the weighty
and impressive burden of self-condemnation, and
lament in lasting sorrow his injudicious intermed-
dling with questions, the ruthless agitation of
which has awakened the most painful solicitude in
the. mind of every true patriot.
Mr. CLAY. A word or two only, Mr. Presi-
dent. I do not rise to prolong this discussion,
from which I do not perceive that any profitable j
results are likely to accrue. With respect to the |
honorable Senator from Mississippi having a right
to comment on my public conduct and career, I have
never doubted it; I have never complained of it.
1 did complain that the honorable Senator should
describe the position of myself in relation to another
Senator some days ago, and draw from our re-
spective attitudes certain conclusions.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator bear
with me fora moment? He will find in my printed
speech, now lying before me, that I did not ques-
tion his motives.
Mr. CLAY. I know that. But will the Sena-
tor tell me what sort of intention is implied, when
one who is intimated to have been animated by
corrupt purposes—as was intimated with regard to
the other Senator—is dealing with me, conversing
and confen ing with me; and how 1, as a man of
honor, could listen to his language while making
such overtures- 
Mr. FOOTE. The Scnatorwill recollcct that I
commended him for not permitting himself to be
made use of in this way. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. 1 know the kindness of the hon-
orable Senator's nature. I have had abundant
evidence of it; and it would be extremely difficult
for him to make me think otherwise than that in
all the private relations of life at least he is as kind
as any other Senator in this body. But, let me
put it to him, in that spirit of moderation in which
he would address me. There was a Senator came
to me this morning, (I will not tell whom—that is
a matter between the Senator and myself,) and,
leaning over the banister at the back of my chair,
we had a very long and interesting conversation
upon the most important topics of the day, in
which there were many things said not necessary
or proper now to repeat. Now, suppose that some
northern man had watched the motions of the hon-
orable Senator from Miss ah! I beg pardon,
I was just going to name him. [Laughter.} Does
the honorable Senator allow me to refer to him ?
Mr. FOOTE. Unquestionably. Wirt the Sen-
ator allow me simply to say that I have nothing
to conceal; I wear my heart upon my sleeve; and
j if there was anything illicit in the language 1 used
I he is welcome to proclaim it. I happen to be a
> man who would not be suspected of anything
! fraudful.
Mr. CLAY. I was about to say, sir, that the
honorable Senator from Mississippi himself came
to my seat this morning, and we had a very long
and inteiesting conversation, and he spoke of the
ways and means of the delivery of our country
from the difficulties which now surround it. Now,
suppose that any northern or southern man, hav-
ing watched the movement of the honorable Sena-
tor in corning over to me, should rise fn his place
and impute motives which did not exist—make
charges wholly unauthorized—would he not con-
ceive, it improper?
Mr. FOOTE. It would be very wrong.
Mr. CLAY. Is it not improper for the private
intercourse which may take place from time to tune
between any two Senators in this body to become
the subject of public observation, and compose a
part of the animadversions which Senators may
choose to throw into their speeches? That is all
I have to say upon that point.
Now, with regard to the reference which the
gentleman has made to a letter of mine addressed
to a Free-soil Convention in Ohio during the past
summer; that is all fair, arid I shall state what the
contents of that letter were. I was invited to at-
tend the celebration of the anniversary of the pas- j
sage of the ordinance of 1787; and 1 think 1 gave i
a very delicate rebuke to the parties sending me an j
invitation to the celebration of any such day. I
said that it was the first time the day had been
celebrated, although sixty years have elapsed
since the passage of that ordinance, I added, and
f add here and everywhere, that not one of them,
that no man in the United States was more op-
posed than I was^to the introduction of slavery
into any of the new Territories of this country by
positive enactments of law, and that I did not be-
lieve there existed, under the present state of what
1 conceive to be the laws of Mexico, any right on
the part of any individual to carry slaves there.
That is what was in the letter.
The honorable Senator has chosen to go back
for a term of fifty years. I do not know that there
is any great merit in uniformity or consistency on
the part of public servants. There is one advan-
tage in it, which I will state. If a man is uniform
in his conduct, it can always be inferred, if any
new case or exigency arises, where he will be;
but if he is perpetually vacillating, no matter what
may be'the motives for the change of his conduct,
it is impossible to place him. Although,as an
abstract truth, we may possibly allow that where
a man honestly changes his opinion, it is from an
internal Conviction of the error of that opinion, the
difficulty is in making mankind believe in his sin-
cerity for having done it. I therefore think it is
better, as a general rule for public men, that they
should never change their opinion unless on pal-
pable evidence, which all mankind consider as
plain.
I have made no change. From the earliest mo-
ment when I could consider the institution of sla-
very, I have held, and I have said, from that day
down to the present, ag'ain and again, and I shall
go to the grave with the opinion, that it is an evil,
a social and political evil, and that it is a wrong as
H respects those who are subject to the institution
of slavery. These are my opinions. I quarrel
with no man for holding contrary opinions; and
it is perfectly true that in my own State, about
this time last year, I addressed a letter to a friend
in which I suggested these opinions, and sketched
out what appeared to me might be a practicable
plan for the gradual emancipation of slavery in
Kentucky. That letter I chose to put on record. I
knew at the moment when I wrote that letter at
New Orleans, as well as I know at this moment,
that a majority of the people of Kentucky would
not adopt my scheme, or probably any project
whatever of gradual emancipation. Perfectly well
did I know it; but, sir, 1 was anxious that, if any
one of my posterity, or any h'uman being who
comes after me, should have occasion to look into
my sentiments and ascertain what they were on
this great institution of slavery, to put them on
record there; and ineffectual as I saw the project
would be, I felt it was a duty which I owed to
myself, to truth, to my country, and to my God,
to record my sentiments. The State of Kentucky
vhas decided as 1 anticipated the State would do.
I regret it, but I acquicsce in her decision. I wish
it had been otherwise; but I acquiesce in it most
cheerfully, and no man hereafter will see me making
any efforts there, or anywhere else, to disturb the
deliberate decision of the Commonwealth, made
after full consideration.
1 Now I leaily should be much indebted to the
honorable Senator for the sympathy which he felt
forme, in respect to the recent attack, which I be-
lieve has been in the newspaper which i think has
been laid on the tables of all of us. But,. Mr, I de-
sire the sympathy of no man—the foibearance of
no man; I desire to escape from no responsibility
of my public conduct on account of my aj^e, or
for any other cause. J ask for none. I am in a
peculiar situation, Mr. President, if you will allow
me to say so—without any earihly object of am-
bition before me; standing,, as it were, upon the
brink of eternity; separated to_a great extent from
ail the earthly ties which connect a mortal with
his being during this transitory state. J am here
expecting soon to go hence, and owing no respon-
sibility but that which I owe to my own con-
science and to God. Ready to express my opin-
ions upon all and every subject, J am determined
to do so, and no imputation, no threat, no menace,
no application of awe or terror to me, will be avail-
ing m restraining me from expressing them.
None, none whatever. The honorable Senator,
if he chooses, may deem me an Abolitionist. Be
it so. Sir, if there is a well-abused man in this
country—if I were to endeavor to find out the man
above all others the most abused by Abolitionists,
it is the humble individual who is now addressing
you. The honorable Senator from Mississippi
does not perhaps see these papers as I do; but
they all pour out from their viais of wrath bitter-
ness which is perfectly indescrible; and they put
epithets into their papers, accompanied with all
the Billingsgate which they can employ, and, lest
