1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
graphical position, would have off-hand to bear
the biunt. It was very well, then, to inveigh
gaainst expenditure, and talk of only holding on
to a system of necessary repairs to existing
work*?. Nor (s^id Mr. K ) do certain gentlemen
on this floor come out fairly and openly before
the^country upon the question at issue. Has not
,the committee heard the gentleman from Ohio be-
fore me, (Mr. Giddings,] arguing, with some
show of candor, against certain items in this bill?
and vet he could point to a single fact, which
would at once be a full answer to all he may have
said, and show, that he has hay onliis horns. It
should pu^others on their guard-against being led
away by w nning words from that quarter. Is He
Dot one of those, recently named as Delegates to
the World's Peace Convention? and do not all
military defences, in the spirit of modern non-
resistants, savor of something worse than unneces-
sary things, leading to mere extravagance? Does
not he claim to be of those who would in a year
undertake to roll back the current of events in the
world's past history, and, by a single resolve of
their own, turn the sword into the ploughshare?
Well, of course, there is no solid objection to all
this; but there are times for all things. This forti-
' fieation bill in the House of Representatives, in his
opinion, was not a proper starting point. Besides,
what substitute for these defences, has been pro-
posed by those who would now discard this bill ?
- None whatever. We should look in vain for any
safer conclusions, either on the score of existing ne-
cessity for these works, that are here n-imed, or for
more economical modes of carrying them on than
those embodied in the bill before the committee.
The Committee of Ways ,-nd Means, as "sound a
body of chancellors, it is presumed, as could be
selected out of this House, has been fully advised
as to these estimates by official gentlemen of^note
and character.
He would now merely say to gentlemen on this
floor, that there was an under current here, of
which they might as well be aware in time; and
he would venture-to warn his gallant friend
from Kentucky, [Mr Marshall ] that as a sol-
dier known to the nation, he, at least, ought to
pause awhile before he consents to point at the
unnecessary workings of this system, at Soller's
Flats, or elsewhere, or hand himself over, by his
influence or vote, to peace men, who might con-
sistently s^ek to blot out from the statute book
not this bill merely, but every trace of a science,
to which he had so earnestly devoted himself.
Mr. KERR withdrew th£ amendment.
Mr. GIDDING3 obtained the floor and was
apparently about to proceed to reply to the re-
marks of Mr Kerr.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
JONES, raised the point of order, that the debate
must be confined to the'amendment.
The. CHAIRMAN sfld, that although, by the
well-known stnct rule of f arliamentary law, de-
bate must be confined to the questions under con-
sideration, this rule was uniformly violated in the
House—both in general debate and in explana-
tions under tne five minutes rule; the Chairman
therefore decided, that under the operation of the
five minutes  ule, it was in order for a gentleman
to make euch remarks as might relate to the gen-
eral charaeier of the hill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, appealed from
the decision.
Mr BURT asked that the rule be read.
The 34;h rule was read—the clause of which
bearing on this question, is as follows:
" Provided, That where debate is closed by order of the
hou-e, any uipmhpr s-ha.ll he allowed, in committee, five
minutes to explain any amendment lie may oftei."
Some conversation followed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers—
who were ordered.
Severn! members demanded the call of the roll.
Mr. BURT submitted to the Chair, that it was
not necessary that the roll should be called, until
the count had been taken by tellers.
The CHAIR so decided.
The count was then taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 64, noes 54.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by the
committee.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he would much rather
votevupon the bill than to speak upon it. He said
that he would inform the friends of these fortifica-
tions that he was willing to give such appropria-
tions for those on-the sea-board as would keep them
in a state of preservation, but not to extend them-
Let therfi remain as they are, preserved from di-
lapidation. As to those on the Canadian frontier,
he would vote no appropriations more than neces*
sary ?o provide sufficient powder to blow them up.
He knew of no greater humbug -than .the fortifica-
tions upon our Canadian frontier. They were
not merely unnecessary, but they were a positive
burlesque upon the whole system of warfare.
While on the floor he would reply to those gen-
tleman wno say they will vote for these ap-
propriations for the reason that they don't know
whether they are necessary or not. In paying
out money belonging to the people of this nation,
he thought that gentlemen should be guided by
knowledge and not by ignorance; by what they
knoWy&ud not by what they don't know. He had
come here to act upon knowledge, and not from his
ignorance. He had not been sent here to deal out
the public treasure merely because an officer in-
terested in continuing these woiks had recom-
mended them, if they can, by any course of rea-
soning, show these items conducive to the interests
or the happiness of the people, he would vote for
them. If he could see no bent fit whatever arising
from it, he would not vote for such appropriations.
But the gentleman from Maryland had said
that he (Mr. G ) was a peace man—a non-re-
sistant." He was proud to acknowledge that he
was a peace man. He was not a " non-resistant."
His enemies had never accused him of that. He
had been taught the duty of self-defence. He re-
garded it to be a duty, and would not advise gen-
tlemen to tempt him too far on this point.
Several gentlemen had referred to the system of
Great Britain as an example for us to follow. We
had been told that the " iron Duke " was in favor
of fortifications. We had been cited to her navy
and her army as examples for our imitation. He
admitted the force of these references: but if gen-
tlemen weie to follow the example of Gieat Brit-
ain, they must take the effect of her prac.ice.
We must take hersystem of taxation; her national
debt; the oppression which bears down the energies
of her people; the poverty and degradation of her
peasantry. These are the legitimate effects of her
army, her navy, her fortification system, and her
wars resulting from thern. He was opposed to
such national deht, such oppression, such pov-
erty, such degradation of our people; and would
oppose this whole system of war ar d bloodshed,
and all its paraphernalia. He saw the people of
England ground down by the iron heel of oppres-
sion; taxed to *he entire length of human endu-
rance—to the lastextremity of sustaining life And
will American statesmen stand up here before the
country and Union boldly call on him to imitate
the example of British dukes and warriois, by
taxing the people of these United States in the
same manner and to the same extent ? The gen-
tleman from Maryland had said that he (Vlr. G-)
had been appointed a delegate to the World's
Peace Convention, soon to assemble at Frankfort-
on-the-Main. Pie thanked the gentleman for the
compliment. He only regretted that he had been
detained from that convention. He would have
rejoiced to have crossed the Atlantic and to have
united his humble voice and influence with those
of Victor Hugo, of Cobden, and those philanthro-
pists who are to convene there fro trail portions of
the civilized world, to rid mankind of this incubus,
this monstrous, this unnatural, this barbarous
system of warfare, wiih all us concomitants of
armies and navies, and fortifications and taxation
and oppression. This nation was in a condition
to set an example, a high and noble example, of
dispensing with an army and navy and fortifica-
tions, and the vast expendttuie attendant upon
them. This could be done without danger, with-
out fear of invasion or of war from any quarter.
He desired to see his country occupy this condi-
tion, and therefore opposed this bill, and others of
a kindred nature.
He withdrew the amendment.
x Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, suggested, that if
the Chair had been in the last Congress, he would
have known that this point of order which had
just been decided, was then held the other way.
I1'it was never, during that Congress, held in any
Ij other way than that wiuch the Chair had now de-
li cided to be wrong.
;! The CHAIR said,the gentleman from Maryland
|j was not in order in speaking of this point of order.
Mr. EVANS resumed. There was an aporo-
priation in this bill for a fortification on Sollerra
Point, for §50,000. In discussing that quescion-
he could now, under the decision just made by
the Chair, go into the general question, whether
peace or war ought to prevail over the world.
By the late decision, it was held as a' rule that a
member could go into a wide range of debate. It
was held that, in the remarks he addressed to the
Chair, he need not confine himself to such as were
germane to the amendment.
The CHAIR interposed and said, the gentle-
man from Maryland was out of order; he must
confine himself to explaining the bill.
Mr. EVANS said, Does the Chair mle that I
have liberty to speak to the bill under ipy amend-
ment ?
The CHAIR answered in the affirmative.
Mr. EVANS &aid, Then from that decision I
appeal.
The CHAIR stated the appeal as follows: The
Chair rules that under the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Maryland, he must -confine
his remarks to the bill; from that decision the
gentleman from Maryland appeals, and the ques-
tion is, *'Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. EVANS said, the Chair had misunderstood
him—he took no such appeal. His appeal was
upon the point that he had a right to discnsV rhe
whole bill upon the amendment He (Mr. E )
paid that he had moved pro forma to strike out Port
Seamrnel, and he was now discussing Soller's
Point Flats fortification. He wished lo know"
whether he was in order in doing this? If he
were, it would be so held for the first tune.
In the last Congress the contrary had uniformly
been held. The gentleman from Ohio, [M r Root,]
when in the Chair, had even held once that a mem-
ber, under the thirty fourth rule, could not speak-
against his amendment, and the committee sus-
tained him in the decision; it never was held till
now, that under the five minutes rule a, member
could speak to extraneous matter. He said so
with all respect to the Chair, to whose ability he
bo e willing witness.
The CHAIR said, he was of opinion that.to
speak in such an extraneous manner was a viola-
tion of all parliamentary law, and of the rule; but
the committee havmgalways permitted a contrary
practice he considered himself bound by its action.
Mr. EVANS said that he would now, then,•un-'
der the motion to strike^out on appropriation for
Fort Scsmmel,"speak concerning Soller's Point,
and he did so purposely to have,this point settled.
The late decision of the committee was made un-
der a misunderstanding. He now wished to see
who was for wasting the time of the House and
treasure of the country by speeches not pertaining
to the question; it is thus that we have already
wasted the session; and northern men frequently
blaming southern men for this waste of time, are
now guilty themselves of the abuse which they
charge upon others. He repeated, he would now,
in or^er again to test the question, speak of^Sol-
ler's Point Flats under this aniendmenl for Fort
Scapimel.
Mr. STRONG then rose and'said, "that he
would call the gentleman to order, upon the ground
that he must confine his remarks to an explana-
tion.of his amendment. • *
The CHA1R ruled that the gentleman, under
the practice of the committee, was in order.
From this decision Mr. STRONG appealed.
And the question being stated, the decision, of
the, Chair was overruled
I Mr. EVANS then said, as he had attained his
j object, he would not occupy the balance of his
] time.
! The question was then taken on the motion to
1 strike out the appropriation of $5*000 Tor the re-
pairs of Fort Scammel, and was decidtd in the
negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, expressed the hope
that the committee would now discuss the bill
regularly bv items.
Mr. BAYLY desired, he said, to make an earn-
est appeal to the committee to proceed to vote
upon the hill without further debate.
[Many Voices. "L't us." "Agreed."]
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing.) I dtsire to say,
that we have now been four davs on this bill, ap-
propriating seven hundred and thirty-nine thou--
