1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1501
The following-item being under consideration:
"For pieservation of Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor,
$3,500,**—
Mr. PRESTON KING moved to strike out the
item, and called for a division.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Waldo and Casey were appointed.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Preston King, and the vote stoott—ayes
11, noesvll)7. '
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the bill, by sub-
stituting $25,000 instead of the sum of $50,000,
appropriated for Fort Sumter.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CROWELL moved to amend the bill, by
striking out the following item:
" For fortifications at Key WeatJVFJorida, $75,000."
Mr. C. said: He was in favor of some of the
appropriations contained m this bill, but he was
not in favor of appropriating $75,000 for fortifica-
tions at Key West, i.r at any other point on ihe
southern extremity of the Cape of Florida. These
fortifications were not needed there. Neither the
public service nor the public defence require these
forts. Where is Key West? [A Voice: in Fior-
v Ida.] It lies south of the southern Cape of Flor-
ida, on an island of the extent of an acre or two,
on which there is a fortification. And here is an
appropriation of $75,000 in addition to the sums
which have been already expended, and, as he be-
lieved, uselessly expended. In addition to this
sum, there was an appropriation of $50,000 for
Florida Reef: in all $125,000. If this expendt-
tuie requited hts vote, it srmuld have it. He did
not Relieve that it did. He thought it strange that
this southernmost point should be singled out lor
the erection of fortifications. Already theie had
Leen gieat expenditures,for the benefit of Florida—
moie than might have purchased the entire aiea
of the State. A large sum had been expended in
carrying on a war against some straggling Indians;
a great amount has been apptopriated ioi tue pay-
ment of Florida clainls; ana nowhere is an appro-
priation asked for of $75}000, to heave upon a
small island in the southernmost point of Flonda;
and for what purpose? Did it protect thechannel
between Florida and Cuba? JNot at all. Did it
defend the coast? Not at all. No attempt will
ever be made to invade that island or the southern
cape of Florida. There is nothing there to induce
any attempt.
The only danger to which Florida is likely to
be exposed is, that she may become a colony of
His lmpei lal Majesty the Emperor of Hayti. if
she dfcbires to save herself from such a tate, he
might be disposed to give his assent to an appro-
priation for that purpose, and even send an armed
lorce to protect her. Bul he would desire that his
vote should be placed on the right ground, ir the
Emperor of Hay ti was engaged in fftung out an
expedition lor the purpose of colonizing Florida,
he woulU vote for a toi uiication for her defence,
and save her from such a late.
He saw a necessity for the erection of fortifica-
tions m Charleston hat bor, where there was a gieat
amount of public and private property to defend.
So it was with regaid to Savannah, and other large
ciues, wlieie great interests and immense property
are at stake. But he could not understand why
such an appropriation should be asked for a forti-
fication on the southernmost point of Cape Flor-
ida, and which couid be of no possible use. it
was by items of this character that the fate of the
bill was endangered. He vvas well aware that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
had looked into these appropriations with a scr u-
tiruzmg eye, but in this instance that gentleman
had committed an oveisight in permuting this ap-
propriation to find its way into the bill.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, renewed the amend-
ment for the purpose of having the question on it.
He did not do this because he wished the bill to
pass. He was opposed to it; but he thought that
such a speech as the gerftleman from Onto had
just made against it would be likely to secure its
passage.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
iYir. BAYLY, who renewed it. He stated that !
he was in the House of Representatives when the .
first appropriation lor these iortifications was made. |
No public work was, at that time, so earnestly j
recommended as, the fortification of thes& few [
islands on the soutjj coast of Florida, by all our
military Ttien. It was not for the protection of the
lortugas, or to defend Key est,-any more than
Foit Delaware was intended to protect the island on
which it .stands, if, was for the proiecuon of the
great amount of contmerce which passes through
that channel. There was Havana and Bermuda,
in the vicinity, with their fortifications. He would
read an extract from the report of the engineer who
had the subject m charge. [Here Mr. B. read an
extract from the engineer's report.] We have
already expended on this fort 1,381. The En-
gineer Department says, (hat the work is now in a
state of great insecurity, at)d that, unless this ap-
propriation shall be made to perfect it, the whole
will be in danger of de&truction.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HARALSON renewed the amendment.
He stated that he was chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means when the appiopriation for
this object was introduced for the first time, it
j was at that time considered of the utmost import-
ance that we should have the coast of Florida well
defended, in order to give protection to our com-
merce with Havana, and all our trade coming down
the Mississippi river. There was not a point up
the whole ot that river which was not benefited
by the erection of a fortification at Key West.
The channel at this place was about thirty miles
wide between the southern point of Cape Florida
and the nearest West India island. From New
Orleans the tia.de necessarily flows through this
channel, it is subjected to more violent storms
than any other part of the coast of the United
States, and our ships passing in that course require
more protection than those which are in a northerly
latitude. Besides this, in the event of a war, and,
for the sake of argument, he would sjippose such a
state, and that theie were no forts on this southern
coast, how easy would it be for any enemy to pos-
sess himself of that part of the country, and to cut off
our shipping from passing through this channel.
it was important, also, for the navy, as well as
for our commercial marine. In tins view, there-
fore, of the subject, regarding the estimates as by
no means extravagant, and having reference to the
dangers which menace this coast from enemies and
from storms, he could not think that the appro-
priation in the bill was at all too large.
That this point should be defended was not only
important as a brancn of our national defence and
with respect to our commerce, but also as regards
every interest in thegreat Valley of the Mississippi.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. KAUFMAN, i renew the amendment.
I am opposed to that and every'other item in the
bill, i shall vote against it, and sinctrely hope
there is strength enough in this House to strangle
the whole thing, Sir, this nation is in debt—con-
siderably in deot. Now, 1 hold that nations, as
well as individuals, when they are out of debt, should
not let their expenses exceed their income, and
when they are in debt the income should exceed the
expenses, so that after paying the debt there may
be something left to sink the debt. Now, sir, what
is the amount proposed to be appropriated for this
fiscal year, commencing with the first of last month?
Nearly fifty-two millions, exclusiveof the river and
harbor bill, as we are informed by the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones",] a member
of the Committee of Ways and Means. What is j
the supposed amount of our revenues for the same j
fiscal year? According to the best estimate that [
can be made it will only be between forty-two and
forty-four millions of dollars, it is then proposed !
to appropriate some eight or ten millions ol dol- |
lais for this year more than our revenues. This i
is all wrong—it ought to be stopped. How will ;
our debt ever be paid if, instead of lessening it, we '<
mciease it? Let us commence letrenchment, then, ;
upon tins bill. It amounts to nearly three quarters i
of a million of dollars. Let us apply the hand of j
retrenchment to the other appropriation bills.. Let j
us see whether we cannot strip some few millions |
from the navy appropriation bill. Some ten or
fifteen years ago, three or four millions of dol-
lars w,ere sufficient for our navy; it has been in-
creasing every year, and now, the enormous
amount of ten millions is demanded. We can
make deductions, too, from the other appropriation
brtls. The people will not much longer submit to
these exorbitant exactions.
This bill is to increase our fortifications to pro- j
tect us. in case of a war. Do our foreign relations !
indicate anything belligerept ? There is not a
speck up^on our political horizon. While the peq*
pie of our frontiers are left unprotected from real
dangers, from the tomahawk of the savage, we are
expending large amounts to protect our country,
from imaginary dangers. Congress is almost con- .
tinually in session, and no war can break -out
with a foreign nation without our having abu idant
notice to jnake all necessary provisions for defence.
The next session commences on the first Monday
of December next. \
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cakttsb] spoke
of provisions being put in tMs "bill to salt down
members, or, ip other words, to secure their vortes.
1 do not know how that is. Certainly no attempt
has been made-to "saltdown " the members from
the State of Texas—perhaps because they have
but two votes here. - Texas has a coast of
four or five hundred miles, and yet not a single
appropriation is contained m this bill for that
coast, nor has there ever been a cent appropriated
for the defence of that coast. The Engineer Depart-
ment has laid before this House no estimates for
Texas, nor has the Committee of Ways ancjh
Means recommended any appropriations for her;
1 offer no amendments to the bill in favor of Texas.
For the sake of general economy, if the whole bill
can be killed, I s+iall ask nothing^fop-Texas on
lhat score at present. The gentleman from Del-
aware said yesterday, that his Siafe only received 1
fifty thousand dollars. Last session of Congress
she received also fifty thousand dollars, making m
two years, for Jliis Urge Slate, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume the gentleman
does not wish to misrepresent me. * 1 did riot,
make any complaint'in regard to Delaware.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I did not say you made
the remark by way of complaint, but you are im-
ported to have made it yesterday m this morn-
ing's Globe. I merely referred to it to contrast
the fifty thousand dollars provided for Delaware,
with nothing for Texas. I am glad to see ihe
strong opposition to this bill. Let us defeat it.
(Here the hammer fell.)
Mr. K. withdrew his amendment at the request
of Mr. Bayly, who promised to renew it. -
Mr. JOiN E8 said he would move to strike out all
the bill after thrf seventy-ninth line.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the motion was
not in order at this time.
Mr. BAYLY rose to reply to a remark from the >
gentleman from Texas, that the Committee of'
Ways and Means had not reported any appropri-
ation for that State. If there was any reason for
complaint on that score, he contended that it ap-
plied more to the Committee on Military Affairs
than to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KAUFMAN disclaimed any intention to
complain against either of these committees. What
he had said in me form of complaint was directed
against the Engineer Department, which had failed
to recommend any appropriations for Texas. "
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said the gentleman
from i'exas had also made another asseitiori, arfd
although he (Mr. B ) had again and again made a
countervailing statement, he felt himself bound to
make it over again. The gentleman had charged
that the Committee of Wjays and Means had re-
ported. appropriations which would require to be
raised to meet the expenditures of thecurre-it year,
the amount of fifty-two millions. When that state-
ment was priginally made on this floor, he had pro-
nounced it an error. Tne true amount to be pro-
vided to meet the expenditures of the current year
is $35 058,000. In order to swell this amount to
fifty-two millions, gentlemen had included the ex-
penditures in the Post Office Department, which
were provided for by the revenue of that depart-
ment. And Ihey had also included the appropri-
ations of the last year, which are unexpended.
Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) Exactly so.
Mr. BAYLY. Does not the gentleman from
Tennessee know that this year an equal amount of 1
the appropriations will he over to the next? This '
is always the case.
Mr. JONES asked if the Committee of Ways'
and Means did not say that fifty-two millions
would be required ?
Mr. KAUFMAN asked if the expenditures of -
the year .would not reach fifty-two million®?
Mr. BAYLY. 1 answer, no. The real afnount
required will fall short of that sum some, millions.
