408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
some cause has been delayed in tfre procurement
of his patent, Should he have no heirs, and did
before the patent issues, ought his claim to be lost
entirely? Under existing laws it would be. i
will not consume more t:me. My opinion is, and
my desire is, that you shall pass the bill without
delay, and therefore shall lefuse to refer.
Mr. BURT briefly replied to Mr. Marshall,
further explaining and vindicating the policy of
the existing bounty land law as designed to pro-
tect the soldier and prevent others from obtaining
from him while under the influence of his appe-
tites or necessities, for a mere sous, the bounty of
the Government.
He opposed present action upon the bill, and in-
sisted upon his motion to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, which,
he said, he believed precluded debate upon the
merits of the bill.
The question was taken by tellers, [Messrs.
Hay and Richardson,] and decided in the affima-
tive—ayes 76, noes 4o.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of James Crawford; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. MORSE inquired if it were in order to
make the bill the spccial order?
The SPEAKER said, only by unanimous con-
sent.
[Mr. Wilson declined to vote, statins: that he
had paired off with his colleague, Mr. Hibbard.]
homesteads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked leave to
make a report from the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, (that committee having heretofoie been
callcd.)
Leave having been granted,
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill of the follow-
ing title: A bill to provide a homestead of 160
acres of the public domain to every man who is
the head of a family and citizen of the United
States, or every widow who is the mother of a
minor child or children, who may become perma-
nent occupants or cultivators of the soil.
The bill was read a first time by its title.
Mr. VINTON rose and objected. He submit-
ted that the Committee on Public Expenditures
had no right to report a bill to dispose of the pub-
lic lands. If it had that right, the Committee on
Public Lands might as well be abolished.
Mr. CARTER inquired of the Chair if the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was in order-1
The SPEAKER said, that the question was one
for the House to decide. The Chair could not
decide it.
Mr. TOOMBS seconded the objection raised by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Xflr. Vinton,] and also
urged the propriety and necessity of confining the
committees of the House to their appropriate
duties.
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to remark that the
proposition involved a question of public expedi-
ency, and was, therefoie, properly within the
range of duties prescribed to the Committee on
Public Expenditures, when 
Mr. WHITE rose to a question of order. He
submitted whether it was in order to debate a re-
port which had been made by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER said this report had been made
by unanimous consent, but that when before the
House, it was precisely in the same position as if
it had been made in the regular call of the com-
mittees.
Mr. BURT inquired whether the bill had been
read twice? He had only heard it read once.
The SPEAKER said it had been read once
only.
Mr. BURT then submitted, as a point of order,
that debate was out of older; and that the bill must
be twice read before debate could arise upon it.
When it had been twice read, then, with great
respect to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] he (Mr. B.) should move that the bill
be refetreu to the Committee ori Public Lands.
The SPEAKER said that, so far as his expe-
rience extended, the question was a novel one.
When the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] had reported the bill, it was read by its title,
thus informing members of the character of the
bUU The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
then made the point of order, that this subject
was not within the jurisdiction of the Committee
on Public Lands, and objected to receiving there-
port. The Chair had then stated that it was for
the House and not for the Chair to decide whether
the subject was within the jurisdiction of the
committee. The Chair considered that asthe now
pending quesjtion—whether the bill should be re-
ceived asareport from the Committeeon Public Ex-
penditures. That question must be decided under
the rules of the House. The committees had charge
of certain matters referred to them by the rules, and
of matters referred to them by the House. Their
jurisdiction was limited to these two points ; and
the House must decide, in view of them, whether
the report should be received or not.
Mr.'BURT, (to the Speaker.) Was not the
gentleman permuted to rise and make the report ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. BURT. The House received the report,
and 1 submit that no debate can arise until after
the bill shall have had its second reading. After
the second reading, I shall move its reference to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would be
right in his point of order, but for the interven-
tion of the objection of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] to the reception of the bill. The
unanimous consent under which the bill was re-
ceived puts it upon the same ground as if it had
been presented in the regular call, ft is for the
House to decide whether or not it will receive the
report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- j
nessee [Mr. Johnson] either had or had not leave i
to make the report. If he had leavvi, the objection |
cannot be enforced. !
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not entertain j
the point of order of the gentleman from Ohio as i
being to the point, that the report should not be 1
received. The objection of the gentleman does ]
not go to that point. But the leave having been ,
granted, the gentleman from Tennessee obtained it ;
only for the purpose of making a report, which ,
would have been a legitimate report from that j
committee, if it had been called. The gentleman |
having made the report, the gentleman from Ohio j
raised the objection, that such a report could not
be legitimately made from that committee.' And
this question the Chair submitted to the decision
of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a point
of order. He said he submitted to the Chair
whether theie was not a mutter that the Chair
must decide, and not leave for the House to deter-
mine. The question was a novel one it was true,
and the interest he felt in tlie correct settlement of
it had no reference at all either to the character or
merits of the bill reported frdm the Committee on
Public Expenditures by the chairman. That bill
might be a good one; he had not inquired into its
details; but the question now under consideration
is, whether it can be brought before the Iiou^e in
this way. Can any committee of this House
report a bill on any subject which is not referred
to them,either by the general ordeis of the House
set forth in the House, or by some special order '
of the House ? He submitted to the Chair wheth-
er amj committee could originate a bill or meas- '
ure upon any subject, which is not thus devolved '
on them by the rules of the House, or some special !
order. By the rules of the House the general du- I
ties and powers of the Committee on Public Ex- !
penditures are enumerated and set forth in the 89th *
Ruie, which is in the following words: I
89. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Public Ex- I
penditures to examine into the state of the several public
departments, and particularly into laws making «ippropria- '
tions of money, and to report whether the moneys iiave ;
been disbursed conformably with surh laws; and al&o to re- ;
port, from time to time, such proiv&jons and arrrtngenn'nts •
as may be necessary to add to the economy of the depart-
ments and the accountability of their oilicers. :
Now, under this rule, certainly that committee j
could not pretend to claim and take jurisdiction :
over the matter embraced in the bill the chairman |
desires to report. If not, they must show some
special order or direction of the House requiring
them to take the subject-matter embraced in the ,,
bill under their consideration, with authority to !
report. IJas such special order of the House been ■
given? If so, let it be shown. He took it for j
granted that none such had been passed. And !
hence the question is narrowed down to a single !
principle of very grave and great importance in 5
parliamentary proceedings, and that is, whether
any one of the standing committees of this House
has power to originate and report bills upon a#y
subject which has not been either generally or
specially referred to them' This is "certainly an
important principle, and should be promptly and
correctly settled; and it must be decided by the-
Chair just as similar cases touching the introduc-
tion of bills are decided. Bills can be introduced
in three ways only. 1st. By general or unanimous
consent; 2d By leave of the House after notice
given; 3d. By or through a legitimate report of a
committee. If a bill is offered in any other way, it
is for the Chair to decide that its reception is out
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON said it was evident that the
gentleman from Ohio who.raised the question, hud
raised it as a question of order. If it was any
question at all, it was, as the gentleman fioni
Georgia [Mr. Stephens} had stated, a question of
order. And as it was the duty of the Chair to
preserve order, it was the province of the Speaker
to decide this question in the first instance.
The SPEAKER. That is the point raised by
thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] The
Chair in the first place desires to hear the ground
upon which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] puts this bill as a report from the Com-
mittee on Expenditures?
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to argue that the re-
port fell legitimately within the scope and range of
the duties of the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, as laid down by the rule, and even upon the
principle asserted by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens ]
Mr. J. read the rule, and was proceeding with
his remarks, when—
Mr. DUER rose to a question of order. He
submitted that this debate was not in order.
The SPEAKER said it was not legitimately m
order, but the Chair had indulged it because the
House had acquiesced. There was an important
principle involved in the question, but if debate
was objected to, it must be arrested.
Mr. DUER objected to further debate. If the
Chair would decide the question [Mr. D. said]
an appeal could be taken, and then, if debate was-
in order, it could proceed.
The SPEAKER. It was clear to the Chair, at
the outset of this matter, that tne House should
decide whether it would receive the report or not.
The only difficulty with the Chair was, how this
question was to be pre?ented—in what form. Upon
reflection the Chair is of opinion that it is for him
to decide whether or not the report is on a subject
legitimately within the juusdiction of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures; and that the
House, upon appeal, can decide whether or not
the report shall be received. This is the only
parliamentary mode which presents itself to the
mind of the Chair. It being the duty of the Chair
to decide, it is his opinion that the report made
by the Committee on Expenditures is not a report
on a subject referred to them by the rules or by the
action of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON appealed from the decision, and
was about to make some remarks.
The SPEAKER stated that the appeal was not
debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON. How can the House decide
upon the character of a bill when its contents have
never been read ?
The SPEAKER. The provisions of the bill
must conform to the title of the bill, and the title
has been read. But the entire bill can be read if
the House should so decide.
Objections were made.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken and decided in the affirmative* without a
division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the bill was not received.
the birth-day.
Mr. THOMAS, as a tribute of respect to the
birth-day of George Washington, moved that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CONGER asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the motion was agreed to.
the president's message.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, the Hous#
