1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
the bill in relation to donations Qf land to certain
persons in the State of Arkansas.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments having been concurred in, it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
f ' /THE ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA!
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the S- naie to take up,
for the purpose of making ita special oidei at such
time as may be designated, the bill (469)"for the
admission of California into the Union*- My object
is merely to make ita special order when it shall
be taken up.
Mr. DOWNS. I should like to know some-
thing about the order of business; and what vote
will be required to take the bill up ?
1 he PRESI DENT. -That of a majority.
Mr. DOWNS. Is this not the morning hour?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the very time to take
< it up.
The PRESIDENT. Petitions arid reports hav-
ing been passed, the regular morning business is
the consideration of resolutions which are lying
on the table.^ It is in the power of the Senate to
dispense with it, if it thinks proper.
Mr. DOUGLAS. What 1 propose, is only
what we have been doing all the morning.
Mr. DOWNS. Well, sir, as we have devoted
all our time heifetofore to California, I trust now
that we shall take up some other business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 merely proposej.o fix a
time for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. DOWNS. We have had the subject dis-
cussed in our ears for so long a time that it has
become quite disagreeable 10 hear it. Suppose,
therefore, we let it rest awhile.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senate will have it in
their power to postpone us consideration until
Monday.
The PRESIDENT. Gentlemen will come to
order—this conversation is not in order. The
Chair ascertains the position of the bill to be thus:
It stands among the special orders at this time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does itstand, then, as a spe-
cial order for one o'clock.
■ The PRESIDENT. The Chair finds that on
the I9.h of April it was made a special order for
the 6th of May.
Mr. DOUULAS. Does it stand then as a spe-
cial order to be reached at one ojclock ? My ob-
ject is to move to make it a special oider for to-day
or Monday. I am in favor of^> day.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator's motion is
to take up the bill wuh a view to postpone it to a
dayvcei tain, and make it a special order.
Mr. CHASE. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
whether this bill, as it now stands, is not the spe-
cial oider for to-day at one o'clock?
The PRESIDENT. The special orders will
come up in their order, unless otherwise directed.
Mr. CHASE. 1 mquiie if this is not the first
special oider?
Tne PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the bill to promote the progress of the useful arts.'
The question^was then taken on the motion to
take up the bill—the yeas and nays being ordered
—and it was agreed to, as follows:
YEAS—.Vlessrjs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Bright, Cas?,
Chase, Clarke, dlay, Cooper, David of Masgaclm-sKtb, Day-
ton, Dickinson, Dodge of WibCouMn, Dodae ol Iowa, Doug-
las, Ewmg, -Ft h-h, Grtsenfc, Hale, -Hamlin1, Joi.e.-, Miller,
Norns, Pm Ip-*, Seward, Sliirlds, Si/nih, Spruauce, Stur-
geon. Undtrwuod, Ujiham, Wales, Walker, Wintnr. p, and
YVhticomb—-35.
NAYrf—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Berrien,
Bullet, Cluneng, Davis of MicsybeJippi, Dawson, Dovviu-,
f\ ote, Houston, Hunter, King, Matiguni, fMiison, Moiton,
Praree, Pratt, Rusk, fcStbastian, Soul6, Turney, and Yulee
The bill being then up for consideration—
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to make the bill the
special order for to-day at twelve o'clock, and for
each subsequent day until-disposed of.
Mr. ATCHISON. i move to amend that mo-
tion by saying on Monday next, and on that
motion I caif for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. "Oh, withdraw the call."
Mr. ATCHi&ON. Well, 1 withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DOUGLAS.' I renew it.
Several Senators. "Oh no; withdraw it."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw it, then.
Mr. SEW ARD. I ask for the yeas and nays, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr. At-
chison s amendment to strike out " to-day "and
substitute "Monday," and it was rejected, as
follows:
YLAS—Messrs. AtcIn&od, Badger, Barnwell, Berrien,
Butler, Clemens, Davis oi Mississippi, Dawson, Down*.
Bootfe, Gret-.ne, Hale, Hunter, King, Mdfigum, Ma*ou, Mor-
ton, rearce, Pneip>, Pratt, Ku&k, JjeijdbUaii, borne, '1 iimey,
and VfuJee—25. j •
NA^ri—  ,esM-s. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Chase,
Olaikfi, Clay, Davis ot Massachusetts, Dajton, D.ekia^.ou,
D.tdije of WisCon&in, Douge -Of Iowa, D^ugi&sf, Jawing,
i*elcli, Hamuli, Jone , Aimer, Noiris, sJeward, Snielda,
d> • ltli, tfpruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upii^in, Wales,
Walker, Wwtiiropyuid Whiteomb—29.
Mr. AfCHiSON. I wish to make an inquiry.
Dots not this omnibus bill stand as the oiuer of
the day for twelve o'clock; for theie is such a bill
still in existence ? % It will then come up as the or-
der of tne day at twelve O'clock for its thud read-
ing, and the motion of the Senator tj'om Illinois,
it it prevail, will suspend action on it.
Toe PUESlDEN i'. The bill ordered to be en-
grossed yesterday was for the establishment ot a
government for Utah; arid that will come up for
us thud reading.
Mr. Ai'CtilcSON. I insist that the title has not
been changed. I he title ot the bill is suit lor the
admission of California into the Union^&c. Al-
though I know there is nothing left of u but the
provision which relates to Utah, it is sull the
special Order for this day at twelve o'clock, unless
the motion of the Senator from Illinois shall super-
sede it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill, when it is en-
grossed, will oouie up in its order, and my motfon
will not supersede it. it.wi.I have the , reference
in going lino Uie House, as, Irotri us position, u
will have its third reading first, and such is my
desire
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I appiehend that the
Senator from Missouri is right, and that if we
adopt the motion of the Senator from Illinois, it
,wiU, at twelve o'clock, take precedence ot tnis
omnibus bill, as it is called, i. suggest that it would
be better to say that the Caliloinia bill shall be
taken up immediately, as the otner bill, I undei*
stand, is not yet engiosscd. W nen it is, it can be
taken up at any tune and passed; «s theie can be
no opposition to it.
Mi. HALE. i understand that it will soon be
engrossed; and perhaps I should, in explanation to
the Senate, Say, that when, oy the appreciation of
the Chair, 1 was placed on tne Committee on En-
grossed bills this morning, I found the committee
in such a situation, from lattgue and elfects of the
hot weather, that they were not aole to Uo tneir
duty, and they devolved it upon me. [Laughter.]
It will be leportod in an hour or two.
Mr. JONE-S. The committee would have been
filled last week but for tne opposition of the-^ena-
tor from New Hampshire, who has now tailed to
perform his duties. [Laughter.] The Senator is
tesponsible tor the tact that the vacancy in the
committee was not filled.
Mr. RU&K. 1 propose that we shall make the
bill the special order tor to-morrow. it wiii be
done by common consent, i hope.
Mr. HALE. i hope so.
Air. F00i\E. i will state, as an additional :
reason for it, that I had hoped that we should have !
taken up that portion ot tne bnl which relates to
the boundaiy line and New Mexico, precisely us 1
it„was ye&teiday when the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois was rejected; for i believe that
we can make thai bill Satisfactory to a majority of
tne body, i hope, therefore, it will be at once
taken up, for certain reasons well known to all,
and passed here, and thai the California bill maybe
disposed of afterwards, fknow that the California
bill cannot become a law antecedent to the t&tao-
hshment of territorial governments, i speak ot
what I am pei fectiy assuied, and ot what i know,
and what the most aidtnt hieiids ot the admission
of California have been assuied, both in tnts JrJ ouse
and,out ol it. This being tne state ot things, 1
shall vote for the motion to postpone until to-nior*-
iow, with the intention of olfeiing the bnl I have
mentioned, and, if i can induce the Senate to do
so, of urging mat it be taken up for consideration
and action.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator from
Mississippi has stated that it is^well known that the
California bill cannot become a law without the
pas&age of certain bills. J ask hnn to inform the
Senate why it wiii not become a law.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 thought all undeistood, though
it has not been talked or recently, that there weie
certain parliamentary movements to be resorted
to, elsewhere thaft here, that would be effectual for
the'defeat of the California bill as a separate meas-
ure. I myself have dreaded a report to that, pro-
ceeding, because of the excitinsr and disorfanizino'-
scenes which I apprehended might grow out of iu
I alluded to this matter some months since, 6nd 4
expressed the opinion, which I entertain now, and
mtve never changed, that it was wholly impracti-
cable for this bill to pass both Houses as a separ- '
ate measure. And were it to pass-in that form,
consequences of the most dreadful character wouldf
inevitably lesult, and it is with a view to prevent
scenes of the character to which I have referred, 1
that I now, as I dtd some months ago, ask that the
territorial bill should be acted on first. J ^iifsay,
for my own part, and I believe I can say it for
other friends of the omnibus bill, thatT should
have no preference for the connection of the vari-
ous measures in it, but'for fehe rejection of my pro-
position to takes up tfie territorial bills. It is well
known that I made such a motion, which was laid
on the tabie from a regard to the dignity of Cali-
fornia. But if the territorial bills had been thus
acted on, they would have become the law of the-
land before tins time, and California would have
been in the Union two months ago. That is my
opinion. And the reasons for supposing that the
course to which i have alluded will be resorted to,
are stronger and more insuperable than they were
three months ago, and I undertake to predict that
the bill will never pass as a separate measure'. I do
not say it to denounce or Uneaten anybody, and' ,
i am now willing to vote California into the Union-
m the only mode I thought two months ago was '
practicable, and the only mode which I think is
practicable this morning. And I know that some
of the most zealous friends of California, in and
outof Congress, who did not agree wuh me in this
opinion two months ago, are now satisfied that the
bill will not pass as a separate measure.
Mr. RU^K. 1 have decided to withdraw my
motion, i had supposed it would have met with
general consent—very much exhausted as we gen-t
eially are.
The question was then taken on the motion- of ""
Mr. Douglas to make the bill a special order for
this day at twelve o'clock; and it was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn to-day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope not; I trust that the mo-
tion I have made will be acted on, and at this stage
of our proceedings. There are other reasons. At '
is known that the Senator front) Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] is to leave us on Saturday, and several*
others who desire a little respite, and,after consid-
enng this proposition an hour or two, we may ad- -
journ to Monday.
Mr. BADGER. It has been very near three
months since we have bad a holiday. We have
been sitting here day in and day out, every day
except Sunday, and yesterday we had a sitting of
nearly nine hours. The weather is excessively
and oppressively hot, and 1 do think that, under
the circumstances in winch we are placed, it is but
reasonable that we should have a little time to re-
cover. I hope the proposition will prevail.
Mr. DAY fON. I regret to differ with my
friend from North Carolina, and it seems obvious
to me that an adjournment from now to Monday
will accomplish nothing at all. Here are gentle-
men—the Senator from Kentucky and others 
who, doubtless, would like to go for a few days
out of the atmosphere of Washington; but to ad-
journ to-night to bern our places again on Mem-
day morning, would amount to nothing at all. We
may as well ^o on as to take a recess for two
days. Let us go on with the business before us;
let us feel of the question and see what it is made
of, and let us ascertain whether the Senate is dis-
posed to go into the discuss.on of the general
question, or content themselves with voting. My
opinion is that we should content ourselves wuh
voting; if we can, we may within two or three
days dispose of this question. As to (he remarks
thiown out by the Senator from Mississippi'that
this bill will not pass, and that the action of the
other House will be so and so, I trust the Senate
of the United Siates will never act m reference to
an assumption that the other House is to be disor-
ganized for the pu po&e of preventing the passage %
of a bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator will permit
me, and for the purpose of giving him an opportu-
nity to feel of this question of Caiiforuiar-now
