•1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Aug, 2.
for the firm, time I suppose—® withdraw the mo-
tion.
1 fHE CALIFORNIA BILL.
, • The hour of twelve o'clock having arrived, the
' Senate proceeded as in Committee of the Whole,
to the consideration of the special order, being the
- bit1 for ^he admission of California as a State into
the'Union.
Mr. FOOTE. ~ I rise to a point of order, to in-
. . quireof the Chair whether it will be in order for me
to move to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and substitute another bill not embracing Califor-
nia ? * ' *
The PRESIDENT. Jt will be entirely in order.
" Mr. FOOTE. J supposed so, and therefore
make that motion.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to strike out
all after the enacting clause.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope we may perfect the
bill before" that is offered
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order first to
perfect the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to amend the bill by
inserting what was the third section'of the former
bill. •
The amendment was read, as follows:,
" That the faid State of California is admitted into the
Union upon the express condition that the people of said
State, through their Legislature or otherwise, s4i<ill never
intrrlere with the primary disposal of the public hinds
within it* limits, and *1m1I pass no law and do no act where-
by ihe title of the United Stales to and riwht to di^po^e of
the same i-hail'be impaired or questioned, and timi they
shall never lay any tax *r assessment of any description
,whfttsotver upon the public domain of the United States,
and m'no c*as e shall the non-resident proprietors, who are
citizens of the United State«, he taxed higher than resi-
dents; and that all the navigable waters within the said
State shall he common highways, and forever free, as well
to the inhabitants of said State as to the citizens of the
United States, without any tax, impo t, or duty therefor:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
as recognizing or rejecting the propositions tendeted by the
people of California as artkles of compact in the ordinance,
ami adopted in th<« Convention which formed the constitu-
tion of that Mate."
Mr. BtfTLER. 1 wish simply to ask a ques-
tion witfyreference to that matter; arid I suppose
the Senator from Illinois has paid that attention
to the subject which wil) enable him him to an-
swer it, as he is prepared no doubt to maintain
that amendment. If the Senators and Represent-
atives on the floors of the diffeient chambers agree
to admit California, I ask him, as a question which
J presume he has considered, for it is a very im-
portant one, to say what control or what power
vwe could have to make California comply with
the conditions annexed ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the same point which
has been argued between the Senator from Louisi-
ana [Vir. Soul$] and the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Webster.] and in which discussion I
participated to some extent. I must leave it, there-
fore, where that discussion left it. The amend-
ment now, sir, is the same that was put upon our
tables three or four months since, and was subse-
quently made a part of the compromise bill. ] do
not now wish to go into a discussion of the sub-
ject.
Mr. FOOTE. I now offer, as an amendment to
the amendment, the same amendment^which f
offered the other day and withdrew, the object of
which is to reduce the boundary of California to
the line of 35° 30', and to establish a territorial
government south of that line. I propose to add
it to the end of the section:
"Andth t the said State «i California shall never here-
after el.um as withia her boundaries, nor attempt to exer-
e.-e jurisdiction over any poition of the territory at pre>ent
claimed by her, except that which is embraced wuhtii the
following bounda.ie*, to wit: commencing jn the Pacific
ocean, three English mile* from the shore at the 4>d degree
ot north latitude; thence with the southern boundary hue
of the Territory of Oregon, to Jhe Miminit ol the Siena Ne-
vada 5 thence aloiiti the er^st 'of that mountain to the puna
wheieit intersects the parallel of latitude of 33° oO'; thence,
with <;nd piralh I ol latitude to a point in tiie Pacific ocean
thrte E isli-h unlet, from the .-hore; and thence to the be-
ginning, including all elands, bay®, and harbors, adj-tcent
to or included within the hinit-s hereby assigned to said
Stitr. And a new Territory is hereby e t.iblb-hi d, to be
cahi d Colorado, to eon-i-t of the residue of ihe territory
embraced withm the limit-* of the said State of California",
a-;-p.Tifi'-d in th^ constitution heretofore adopted by the
people ot California ; lor the government Of which Tenito-
rv so established, ail the provi>ioi s of the act relating to the
Tenifory of Utah, except the name and boundaries "therein
gpec-fi'd, are hereby declared to be in force in said Tein-
<5 rv of C <lr rad >. from ami a't<-r tin-; day when the consent
of the Stale ot Cah'ornm >hall have been expressed in some
formal manner to the modification of her boundaries above
-described." '
' AJengthy discussion ensued, directed-chiefly to
the causes of the defeat of the compromise bill, in
which Messrs, Foote, Dawson, Clay, Pearce,
Rusa, Mason, Butler, Hale, and Dickinson,
took'part," a report of which will begiven hereafter.
THE COMPROMISE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California as a State into
the Union, to esfabliah Teriitorial Governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and making proposals
to Texas for the establishment of her western and
northern boundaries.
- The bill as amended came up on Us third read-
ing, and it was read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the title of the
bill was changed to, "A bill to establish a Terri-
torial Government for the Territory of Utah."
The Senate then adjourned.
-HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlugust 2, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. NELsON moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House- resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar. '
it was a long time (Mr. N. said) since the pri-
vate calendar had been taken up.
JV1 r. BAYLY callcd for the tegular order of busi-
ness. f
iVlr. HOLMES asked the unanimous consent of
the Hoube to introduce a resolution.
Mr. iN'ELSON objected.
Mr. HOLMES appealed to the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. Nelson] to withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr.'NELSON declined to withdraw.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Nelson, and decided in the negative, without
a division.
Mr. DANIEL asked the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the House decided that it would not proceed
to the consideration of the private calendar.
THE PRIVATEER GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. HOLMES again asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President of the United Slates be re-
quested to turiush this House with all the papers and cor-
respondence relating to the eapiuie of the United Stales
privateer General Armstrong, m the port of Fa>af, m the
year 1814, by a Bmish fleet, if not incompatible with the
public mieieat.
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not introduced.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
to which had betn referred the resolution concern-
ing tiie compilation of claim cases, asked leave to
make a report.
Objection was made.
So the report was not received.
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, commencing; (where the call
was last suspended)-wtth the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, made adverse reports on tile follow-
ing eases; which were severally ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed, viz:
The petition of Ja'mes AdcCowley, asking for an
invalid pension.
The petition of John Pearl, of the State of
Maine, asking for a pension for a wound received
in the war with Great Britain in 1814; and
The petition of Hiram Prather and others, ask-
ing that Samuel -Campbell be placed on the roll of
invalid pensions.
On motion by Mr. L., the Committee on Invalid
Pensions was dischaiged fiom the further consid-
eration of the petition of Jeremiah Hess, and
others in his behalf, praying for a pension on ac-
count of services rendered in the war with Great
Britain; and from the petition of John B. Cunning-
ham, asking for a pension for injuries received to
his consiitution while in the service of the United
States; and they were ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. L., the Committee on Invatfd
Pensions was discharged from the further-consid-
eration of the petition of Edward L. Young for
pecuniary relief, in consequence of the loss of his
righteye in the performance of his public duties
while jn the nijval service of the United Stales;
and it was referred to the Committee on Navai
Affairs.
JETHRO WOOD'S PATENT. '
. Mr. WALDEN', from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported a bill to extend a patent to the
heirs of Jethro Wood, deceased;-which was read
a first and second lime by its title.
The bill having been read twice by its title,
Mr. W ALDEN asked that it might be put upon
its passage.
Mr. NELSON called for the reading of the bill,
And it was accordingly read.-
Mr. NELSON said he presumed that every
member of the House was familiar with the merits
of this bill. He understood that the chairman of
the committee who reported it, [Mr. Walden,]
had asked that it might be put upon lis passage.
The SPEAKER said that motion was pending.
Mr. NELSON proceeded. He thought that the
bill should be disposed of at once. It was pretty
well understood, and if it were permitted to take
its place among the regular orders of the day, it
might produce, if not an excitement, at least a good
deal of sensation throughout the country.
The bill, as he understood it, proposed to put a
tax of twenty-five cents on every plough tb ba
manufactured out of cast iron in this country, for
the benefit of two young ladies and a widow. He
felt no disposition at this time to enter into a dis-
cussion of the merits of the bill. Most of the
members of the House, probably, had seen the
lepoit.niade during the last Congress by the chair-
man of the Committee on Paxnts, [Mr. Farref-
ly,] m which the history of the cast iron-plough
was given, and the meiiis of Jethro Wood's inven-
tion tn some manner canvassed.
[Nearly the whole of these remarks are guess-
work on the part of the reporter, so loud was the
conversation all over the Hall.]
The SPEAKER, at this point of the remarks,
interposed to order, and said, that conversation
was so loud that it was impossible to hear what
the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Nelson] was
saying.
After the lapse of a minute or two—
Mr. NELSON proceeded with his remarks. It
must, he said, be known to every gentleman here
that whatever mijPt have been the meriis of the
invention of Mk Wood for which patents had
been obtained, it was a matter about which, to
say the least of it, there was a controversy; and
that many persons who had investigated it, be-
lieved that no credit at all was due to him forlin
original invention. It was sufficient to say, that
in the year 1814, A patent was granted to Jethro
Wood; that it was rtissued in 1819 for the period
of fourteen yeais; and that subsequently, by an
act of Congress (passed in 1833, he thought) the-
exclusive light was extended by the operation of
that law, for fourteen years longer—so that the
full benefit of the invention, if invention it was,
had been enjoyed for twenty-eight years from the
year 1819. The records of the patent-office, and
especially the report of Mr. Farrelly,'would show,
that twenty five patents had been granted before
Mr. Wood obtained his patent; and, looking to
that report, it would appear that everything in the
principle of Mr. Wood's patent had been long
known. Subsequent to the grant of the patent
in the year 1819, about two hundred patents had
been issued. And now, at this late day, without
regard to the merits of the claim, but as a mere
act ot sovereign power, this House was asked to
; interpose lis authority and tax the farming inter-
i ests of the country for the benefit of two young-
j ladies and their widowed sister.
Mr. HOLMES (interposing) desired to make
an inquiry of the gentleman fiom New York,
[Mr. Nelson.]
Mr. NtiLKON yielded the floor.
Mr. HOLMES said, he did not know much
about ploughing, or the merits of ploughs. But he
desired to know whether the Empire State, which"
the gentleman-m part represented <jn this floor, did
not recommend a renewal of this patent?
Mr. NELSON. Not to my knowledge.
JVlr. HOLMES. One question more. Has not
the Agricultural Society of the State of New Yoik
recommended the renewal? !
Mr. NELSOjN said, he was not prepared to say.
