1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
til
submitted by him on the 16th ultimo; which mQ-
tion was agreed to, and the resolutions were read,
us follows:
Unsolved, That ihe Secretary of State be requested to
i-omuiunieate to the Senate such irifoimation or particulars
as may have corne to his knowledge, respecting tiie deten-
tion, imprisonment, and barbarous treatment, by the Japan-
ese Imperial and Provincial authorities, of American seamen
who have the misfortune to be shipwrecked on the coast
of Japan, and its dependencies, which are now fiequented
by u large American whaling fleet in the peaceful pursuit of
their lawful enterprise
Iie&olved, That the Secretary of State be also requested
to communicate to the Senate such recent and reliable in-
formation, in the possession of the Department of State, as
relates to the Independent (Mental nations, and their capa-
bilities for a profitable American commerce; and that he
report on the expediency of the appointment ot a special
diplomatic agent or commissioner of the United States, to
be vested with authority to open amicable relations and
make commercial treaties with tfte soveieigns of those
nations.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be further request-
ed to report to the Seriate whether the treaty between the
CJnued States and his Majesty the King of Siam,of the 20th
March, 1833, has not been violated by the King, in the mo-
nopoly by his majesty ot the trade in several ot' the staple
products of thatcountry, and which may require the inter-
vention of our Government in order to place our commercial
intercourse with that kingdom, abounding in al! the ele-
ments of a piofitable commerce, upon a proper footing, and
stipulate for the residence of a United States Consul at
Baukok for the protection of American citizens and their
lawful commerce in Siam.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire of the honora-
ble Senator from Maine if this resolution does not
ask the opinion of the Secretary of State about the
propriety of establishing a diplomatic agent at Ja-
pan?
Mr. HAMLIN. It simply calls for facts which
he has in his possession.
Mr, HALE. We have had this subject before
us many years. It strikes me that there are ob-
jections to the language of a part of the resolutions.
Mr. KING-. I move to strike out that portion
of the second resolution which requires the Secre-
tary of State to report on the expediency of estab-
lishing a special diplomatic agency at Japan.
The amendment was agreed to, and other mod-
ifications were made which that amendment ren-
dered necessary, and then the resolutions as
amended were adopted.
rescue of the caleb grimshaw. *
Mr. SEWARD moved to take up the following
resolution, submitted by him on the 24th ultimo,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire and report concerning the propriety ot giving
to Captain David Cook, ol the Bnti;-h barque Sarah, some
suitable token of the approbation of Congress of his gallant,
and humane conduct in rescuing the passengers, oriicers,
and crew of the American ship Calvb Gnmshaw, destroyed
by fiie on the Atlantic ocean, and bringing the in m safely to
the port of New York.
Mr. Seward modified his resolution by changing
the committee from the Committee on Commerce
to the Committee on Foreign Relations; and, as,
modified, it was adopted.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. FELCH moved that the Senate take up the
resolution submitted by him on the 30th ultimo,
which motion having been agreed to, it was adopt-
ed, as follows: *
Resolved, That the Committee on the i'ublic Lands be in-
stmcted 10 lsiquiie into the expediency ol causing to be pro-
pared and printed a collection of the official instructions, ol
aseneial character, winch have been issued from time to
time relative to the disposal and sale of the pulilic lands to-
eeilirr with the official opinions of theAttornpj G iteral on
Suctions ariMii" under the land law?, and a compilation of
the Spanish laws and regulations for the *alc and donation
of laud, so fai a* the sameappl) to territory now owned by
the United States.
adverse reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated that there ;
were sundry adverse reports upon the Secretary's
tilbMr. DICKINSON moved that they be taken i
up for consideration; which motion was agreed to. i
The adverse reports from the Committee on |
Claims in the case of ceitain clerks in the Adju- ;
taut General's office, on the petition of J. Downs, 1
oil the memorial of .Tames Robertson, on the me-
morial of lames Wilson, surviving partner of ,
Win Wilson & Sons, the memorial of John H
Eaton, and on the claim of Dr. B. P. Mullen; the ,
adverse reports from the Committee on the Public
Lands on the memorial of Charles. Byrne, on the
petition of Robert Butler, on the memorial o. citi-
zens of Kanevtile, Iowa, asking a grant ot land,
and on the memorial of Hall J. Kelly; the adverse
report from the Committee on the Judiciary on the
memorial of Caleb Green, clerk of the district
court of western Louisiana; the adverse report
from the Committee on Naval Affairs on the me-
morial of George Hervey, on behalf of the owners
and consignees of the Britisn ship Jaraes Mitchell;
the adverse report from the Committee on Foreign
Relations on the memorial of Abigail Shaler Still-
well; and the adverse report from the Committee
on Printing on the memorial of Wendell & Van
Benthuysen, were severally taken up and concur-
red in.
INDIAN TITLES IN OREGON.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
took up the bill authorizing the negotiation of
treaties with the Indian tribes in the Territory of
Oregon, for the extinguishment of their claims to
lands lying west of the Cascade Mountains, and
for other purposes. >
Mr. BELL moved to fill the blank in the sixth
section with the sum of $25,01)0, as the amount to
be appropriated to carry into effect the provisions
of the act.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the Senator explain
the operation of the bill ? s
Mr. BELL. The Senate will observe that the
tract of country tying west of the Cascade Moun-
tains, and extending down to the Pacific coast, is
in itself a very extensive country, extending from
42 to 49 degrees of latitude, and of various wdths.
The whole of this extensive tract of country is in-
habited by numerous Indian tribes, many of them
very small in numbers, but others more extensive
—some of them having two, three, and four hun-
dred warriors. There are scattered over the coun-
try some ten or twelve tribes. The knowledge we
possess upon this subject is not very_ accurate,
being derived mainly from the observations made
by those who have resided temporarily—some of
them for two or three years—within the Terri-
tory.
The precise locality of these numerous tribes is
not known. There are many small tribes that
live principally by fishing, others in part by hunt-
ing, others subsist in part on the supplies which
have been received heietofore from the Hudson's
Bay Company in the course of their trade* Some
of them, as you are aware, are of a peaceable dis-
position, acquired by long habit and intercourse
with the American and British traders, principally
the British. Others of them are wild and fierce
in then* temper and dispositions, requiring a good
deal of discietion and prudence in their manage-
ment.
One or other of these tribes lying west of the
Cascade Mountains sets up a claim to eveiy por-
tion of the territory. The inhabitants complain
that they have been there several years, and com-
pelled by necessity to make improvements and
form settlements, yet not one of them can say that
he has a perfect title to an inch of the soil he oc-
cupies. It is indispensable, therefore, that the
question of Indian titles should be settled in some
way or other.
This bill provides that the President shall ap-
point one or more commissioners, who, i hope,
will be gentlemen of sound discretion, ot business
habits, and acquainted with the Indian character,
and the inteiests and policy ot the Government in
relation to the Indians. The bill provides that
they shall form treaties at their discretion, and if
they find it practicable, that they shall remove all
these small tribes east of the Cascade Mountains,
and leave the whole of this most desirable portion
of the territory open to the white settleis from
: the States, and to the possession of the inhabitants
! now theie, on the best terms which they can pro-
i cure. If they find that impracticable, they are to
1 remove such portion of the tribes us they can, and
j procure the accession of territory as extensively
1 as they may, on such terms as they may think
j proper and reasonable under the.circumstanoes.
i The discretion allowed to these commissioners
is of necessity pretty large, i'iio Senate will per-
ceive th'at, from the great distance at winch the
j territory is situated from the seat ot government,
I and the uncertainty of communication, which can-
' not often be made m less than lour or live montns,
! it is impossible that the details of the government
of the Territories should be under the immediate
: superintendence of the Executive Department here,
1 and carried on by means of fiequcnt instructions
II to the commissioners. Whatever policy may be
|i adopted by the commissioners in their treaties with
the Indians, it will be submitted to the revising
power of the Executive and Senate of the United
States, so that no difficulty is apprehended on that
ground.
Another feature of the bill is the change it pro-
poses in the policy of the Government in the regu-
lation of the Indian tribes. It is one which, when
first sugsested to the committee, seenjed to require
some consideration. The committee did consider
it, and they thought there were sufficient grounds
for adopting a new policy in relation to the super-
intendence of the Indian tribes m Oregon, and
principally on account of the great distance. The
same element of consideration regulated the com-
mittee in reference to this provision of the blil
which governed them in the discretion given to
the commissioners in regard to the removal of the
Indians. Not only are these tubes west of the
Cascade Mountains to be governed andcontrolled—
some of whom are large, wild, and fierce, together
with smaller tribes more subdued and civilized in
their feelings and habits—but the territory east of
the Cascade Mountains is also inhabited by nu-
merous tribes, and in addition is subject to be
hunted over and intruded upon by the wild tribes
from the Rocky Mountains, the peaceable dispo-
sitions of whom have to be cultivated by careful
attention to their wants, their supplies, their trade, -
and whatever else is customary in the policy of
the Government m conciliating such tribes. '
Heretofore, as the Senate knows, the policy
has been to unite the superintendence ot Indian
affairs in our territories with the official duties of
the governors, making the governor ex officio su-
perintendent of Indian affairs. The committee
were unanimously of opinion that the considera-
tions which I have suggested—the great impor-
tance of attending constantly to the dispositions,
not only of the tribes west of the Cascade Moun-
tains—but also of the wilder tubes that roam over
the easiern portion of the Territory—such con-
stant supervision and vigilant attention to the dis-
positions of these tribes would requne ihe exclu-
sive and undivided attention, throughout trie whole
year, of some one of competent knowledge and
ability, of business habits, and understanding the
Indian character, in order to secure the objects of
peace and prevent the necessity of those collisions
j between these wild tribes and the settlers, which
| lead so often to wars, and the indefinite expense
i consequent thereon, and which will be more apt
' to lead.to them than heretofore, on account of the
immense distance of the territory.
The committee thought that the institution of
this separate superintendence would be a measure
of economy, as well as give peace and quiet to the
settlers in this Terntor-y. It is contemplated also
to give the superintendent/a large discretion.' _ A
piovision of the bill gives him the power, utder
the control of the Executive, of assigning at his
discretion to each of the agents that may be ap-
pointed, the charge of such portions of the Indian
tribes and such localities of theTerntory as he may
deem expedient.
In relation to the separate duties of the Govern-
ment of the Territory, the Governor of that Ter-
ritory, where there are so many atlairs public in
their character, as well as local in their mteiest
and importance to the people ot the 'lerritory, re-
quires to be invested with large discretion; and
being situated at so great a distance as three or
four thousand miles Irom the seat of Government,
he would have his hantls lull to attend to the af-
fairs which appropriately belong to his depart-
ment.
It has been suggested to me that the morning
hour has expired, and that the honorable Senator
Irom New Jeisey, [Mr. Miller,] is entitled to
the, floor. It would therefore be better? perhaps,
to postpone the fmiher consideration of this sub-
ject until to-morrow morning.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think it will occa-
sion any debate, or occupy much furthei time.
Mr BELL. Very well, then, I -will not fur-
| ther detain the Senate, as 1 have given all the ex-
planation which I desire to give.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the subject will be
| postponed, so as to give us time to consider it.
t The further consideration of the bill was then
I postponed until Monday.
Washington's birthday.
Mr. BADGER moved that when the Senate ad-
journ' it adjourn to meet again on Monday. He
