THE C0NGRES8I0N.A I, GLOBE.
P^S_LISHEP AT washington, by JOHN cTIuves^tbrms t^oFTius^EssiQN.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1850.
if such was the fact, it was not known to him.
He was merely stating facts as they appeared upon
the record, and which were open to the inspection
of every man. He did not .desire to detain the
House; and he would therefore move that the bill
be laid upon the table.
Mr. CASEY appealed to Mr. Nelson to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. NELSON" hesitated, but finally withdrew
the motion on the pledge of renewal.
So the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. CASEY then said a few words, scarcely
heard in the confusion, but he was understood to in-
timate his opinion that these applications for re-
newalsof patents, by which a tax wasto be imposed
upon the manufacturing and agricultural interests
of the country, had become to be a nuisance which
ought to be abated. These interests were already
sufficiently burdened with taxation. This patent
had been in existence since 1819, and the parties
had had the benefit of it ever since. He was in
favor of the passage of a law by which all these
cases should be referred to a proper tribunal,
where they could be properly examined. He was
opposed to taking up the time of the House in
discussing these matters, especially when it was
pressed so heavily with the weight of other busi-
ness. He should renew the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Nelson,] because he
had pledged himself to do so; but he would prefer
that the bill should be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, when it
might take its place on the calendar and undergo
the proper examination.
He moved therefore that the bill be laid uoon
the table. ^
Mr. HARLAN appealed to Mr. Casey to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. CASEY declined; not feeling at liberty to
do so—having spoken by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. BINGHAM, and others, asked the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced &5 gentlemen in favor of ordering the yeas
and nays.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for tellers upon
ordering the yeas und nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. McQ,ueen
and Ogle were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 40.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 59, nays 115, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Bay, Bingham, JBokee, Boyd, Burrows,
lJUit, Cartler, Crowell, Daniel, Dimnnck, Duer, Dunham,
Alexander Evans, Freodley, Fuller. Gilmoic, Uott. Hall,
llstmiltnn Thnm.ir T fir,- . ri  __ j n. r  • i .
New Series.... No. 95.
i, ^ y ' j y * j v/. '—' yvl j ajltlll.
Hamilton, 1 homas L. Harris, Haymoud, Heniy, Hihbard,
Howe, Hunter, VV. T.Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones,
Preston King, Job Mann, Marshall, McLarwlran, Morris,
Nelson, Newell, Otis, Owen, Pea*lee, Putnam, Riclmtdson.
iiisfey, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Ross, Silvester,
Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
btrong, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tiiunmm,
Venahle, Wallace, Wentworih, Wintilesey, and Wood
ward—59.
NAYS Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Altln, Alston,
Anderson, A-shmun, Bayly, Bennett, Bisseli, Booth, ttrisss,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, William J. Brown, Thomas B.
Sutler, E. C. Cabell, Jos. Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph
\xr n *-".u'v'n5 Casey, Chandler, Claikc, Cleveland,
W. K. VV. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corvvm, Dflierry, Disney,
JJixon, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Ewtnj?,
Feaiherston, Fuch, Fowler, Gentry, Gerty, Giddmgs, Gor-
man, Gould, Halloway, Hammond, if at Ian. Isluun G Harris.
Sampson W. Harris, Hebard,IIi11iaid, Hoagland, Hollad.iy,
Holmes, Houston, Howatd, Hubbard, luge, Joseph W.
Jackson, James L. Johnson, Roheit W. Johnson, Julian,
Kaufman, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
La bfcre, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Mason. Matte-
son, McClernantf, McDonald, McDowell, McKi«suck, Finis
McLean, McQueen, McWillie, Moorw, Morse, Morton,
Ogle, Orr, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Reed, Reynolds,
Kunisey, Sawtelle, Schermejhorn, Schoolcraft, Sedrton,
Shepperd, Spaulding, Stanly, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Uichuici
n. Stanton, Sweetser, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thomson,
Undeihili, Walden, Waldo, Watkms, Wellborn, White,
Wildrick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, and Young—115.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, appealed
95
to Mr. Bayly to withdraw the motion—for what
object was not heard.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 89, noes 45.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN announced the California
message and bill as the first business in order.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved to ay that message as ,
to take up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tellers.
Mr. SWEETSER inquired if it would not be
in order, as a privileged motion, to move to take up
the private calendar—this being the day assigned
by .the rules to the consideration of private bills.
The CHAIRMAN. Not at all. The private
calendar is under consideration in Committee of
the Whole House. 9
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo and
Ogi.e were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 98, noes 49.
So the California message and bill were laid
aside
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 331.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the bill ?
Several Voices. Tell us what the bill is.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Bayly, and was agreed to.
The House thereupon proceeded to the consid-
eration of bill 331. it is a bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1851.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise, for the purpose of terminating the general de-
bate.
Several Voices. What is the bill ? We know
nothing about it.
The title of the bill (which had not yet been
read) was read as above. I
Mr. BAYLY said, the bill was very long. The '
habit of the committee had been that bills should
be read through, and should then be read by items.
He hoped that the committee would dispense with
the general reading of the bill, and that it would
be read and considered by items.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected; and demanded
the reading of the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
After he had read a few items—
Mr. EWING interposed, and, on his motion,
the further reading of the bill, by unanimous con-
sent, was dispensed with.
Mr. SIBLEY moved to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. SIBLEY said: Mr. Chairman, before I pro- {
ceed to the consideration of the particular subject j
before the House, I crave its indulgence while I j
advert, in very brief terms, to certain remarks 1
made by an honorable gentleman from New York !
[Mr. Doer] a few days since, with reference to ;
the privileges of a Delegate to Congress. It was
my wish to reply to him at the time, but I could
not obtain the floor for that purpose.
That gentleman denied that a Delegate could be
invested with any rights in this House, save that
of addressing it upon subjects strictly appertaining
to the Territory represented by him; and he even
asserted that the practice of the House in permit-
ting a Delegate to make a motion, or to introduce
a bill or resolution, was not proper, nor in accord-
ance with constitutional restrictions. I do not in-
tend to go into a discussion of this subject, but
will merely state certain propositions, which I be-
lieve to be correct, to justify this body in extend-
ing to the Delegates from Territories every priv-
ilege of members, save that of voting.
Mr. DUER (Mr. S. yielding ) It was the gen-
tleman fiom Georgia [Mr. Stephens] and not
me, who assumed that position. I believe that
Delegates are properly allowed to debate all sub-
jects.
Mr. SIBLEY. The act of 1817, which defines
the duties of Delegates, extends to them the rightof
debating, but not of voting. That is to say, they
are permitted to do everything but that act, which
irr 'be sum and substance of all legislation.
If I do not entirely misapprehend what the term
legislation meansin its strict sense, it is the majority
vote of the members of a constituted body au-
thorized to make laws. All motions, or resolu-
tions, or other proceedings of such a body, are
the preliminaries, the prerequisites, the safeguards;
but the voie itself is the legislation, and nothing
else. Will any one contend that it is not in the
power of this House, at its discretion, to do away
entirely with all Ihe forms now required by its
rules, except so far as they may be provided for
in the Constitution itself, and vote at once upon
any naked proposition made by one of its mem-
bers and adopt it? Would the mere submitting of
such a proposition be a part of the legislation, or
would not the vote giving it vitality and effective-
ness be the legislative act? Until that vote was
given, the proposition itself remained a naked ab-
straction, inert, lifeless, and without strength or
virtue.
The right of debate to be accorded by tha
House to a Delegate, should, in the opinion of the
gentleman, be confined entirely to subjects of in-
terest to the Territory by him represented. Ad-
mitting tins constiuction, I would inquire what
great measures aie legislated upon by Congress
which do not as much affect the people of the
Territories as those of the States' All laws pro-
posed to be passed which have in view changes of
the tariff system, or in the price of the public
lands, or in the system of internal improvements,
or in the fiscal or commercial policy of the coun-
try; in fact, every subject of general importance
to which the attention of Congress is directed,
carries with it as much of weal or wo to the peo-
ple of your Territories as to those of the States
themselves. Would there be a show of justice in
precluding Delegates from taking part in the de-
bate upon such-topics?
After all, what is an organized Territory, and
what its political relation to the General Govern-
ment? It is a collection of citizens of the United
States upon the public domain, having individ-
ually, as such,aii the specific and constitutional
rights of other citizens resident in the States, and •
paying in the same ratio their proportion of the
expenses of the Government of the Union; but not
being sufficiently numerous to reach that standard
which is entitled to a vote under the laws of the
land, they are debarred from that privilege, but
from no other. In other words, your Territories
are members of the national family, not, indeed,
arrived at maturity, nor emancipated from paternal
i control, but equally interested in the welfare of Aat
family, with those who have arrived at full age,
and equally entitled to be heard on those subjects,
[ which are of importance to all.
M If this is a rational "and just view of the position
which a Territory bears to the parent Govern-
ment, and if there is nothing in the Constitution
which forbids this House from admitting Delegates
as consulting, but not voting members, I can-
not perceive the propriety of the views expressed
by the honorable gentleman to whom I have re-
ferred. If making motions and introducing res-
olutions are no more strict legislation, thanks the
mere act of debating such motions or resolutions,
then I must think the member from New York is
decidedly wrong in admitting the one privilege,
and rejecting or refusing the other.
The difference between a territorial condition
under this Republic, and a mere colony, is well
and forcibly described by an English writer.
"The United States," he says, "have no col-
'onies. California and Oregon, whether existing'
'as Territories or organized as States, are integral
' portions of the Republic. They occupy a definite
'place in a sireat impenai system, nicely balancing
'the centrifugal form of self-government, with
'the centripetal obligations of the federal league.
