1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4J3
members thereof, out of tlieir own individual funds,and not
from the public Treasury as heretofore practised.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, objected to the in-
troduction of the resolution.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to suspend the
rulsis for the purpose; which question was put to
the House and agreed to; and the resolution was
introduced and adopted. 1
The call for petitions procefeded.
Prom the State of Illinois: By Messrs. Baker,
Harris,^Richardson, and Wentworth.
Mr. B1SSELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, to grant the right of way
to the Alton and Sangamon Railroad Company.
Mr. BROWN, of -Mississippi, objected.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the rules be
suspended for the puipose.
The question was put and the rules were sus-
pended—two-thirds voting therefor. The bill was
then read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
STATE OF PESERET.
Mr. WENTWORTH presented apetilinn from
A. Morgan, Thomas Hunt, and other citizens of
Shelbourn, Lee county, Illinois, praying Congress
to protect the rights of American citizens while
traveling through the valley of the Salt Lakes,
and setting forth other matters concerning the
treasonable designs of the Salt Lake Mormons.
Also, representing that some of the prominent
movers for the organization of a State Government
in Deseret are in favor of a Kingly Government,
are robbers and murderers, and that these men are
all in favor of polygamy, &c., &c.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked that the petition
be read, with the view to its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BOWLIN objected to the reading of the
petiiioiPthrough.
Mr. JONES gave notice of his intention to de-
bate the motion to refer.
The CHAIR stated that the reading of the peti-
tion having been objected to, the question of per-
mission would have to be decided by the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he preferred to have
the petition read by the Clerk; but if the objection
was persisted in he would read the petition him-
self, as he had the right to do under the rule.
The CHAIR stated that the rule regulating the
presentation of petitions allowed only a statement
of the substance of the petition.
Mr. CONRAD inquired whether it was a re-
monstrance?
Mr. WENTWORTH said it was a remon-
strance from the State of Illinois against the admis-
sion into the Union of the Salt Lake Moi mons, as
a distinct political organization.
After some further conversation by Messrs.
RICHARDSON and WENTWORTH with the
Chair— ...
The question whether the petition be read was
put to the House and agreed to; and the petition
having been read—
Mr™ WENTWORTH moved its reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr JONES gave notice of his intention to de-
bate the question; which carried it over under tne
UlMr. YOUNG asked permission to introduce a
resolution, which was read as follows.
Rcolvd That the Committee 011 Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot reporting to tills
House A icnell lau gran,,.,, to all railroad conipjnies a
plank io.nl comp.ini. ^ and .,11 turnpike companies, that mas
lie lornied in tlm-i: Slaps where there are puolic , nds, the
ri«iit ot Will to const. uet Mich road:9;throughthe :puhhc ■land ,
with the privilege to oh- all MH-h timhrr, st.rnr, I, <uid
othrr matmal that mov be on «nch laiuU, m the nece.Mry
construction of such mails and that said companies or any
per.-on or pei ons, using -nth timber, stone, aavt , r othM
material,in such necessary construction of Mich oafls., shall
not he hnbit- to any action or suit (or damages, tor trespass#
o? other liiiinns neocssanly (lone upon any such lauds,
which shall be ptireha^d of the United States, after the
survey and location of such road.
Mr. YOUNG moved to suspend the rules to ad-
mit the resolution; and the question being put, it
\vus decultd in the negative.
Mr ALSTON (thfi rules havtn? been sua-
■ended for the purpose) introduced a ^".entitled
K'Ti lands to the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, and to aid
them in the construction of said road; which was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
imuee on Public Lands.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, asked leave
to introduce a joint resolution to grant to certain
widows a pension.
Mr. ROOT objected to its reception.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH TO PACIFIC.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the consent of the House
to introduce a resolution.
Mr. ROOT objected to the introduction of any
resolution, until the resolution submitted by Mr.
Doty, last Monday, concerning the admission of
California, be disposed of. ,
Mr. BOWLIN moved to suspend the rules t<P]
admit the resolution/, which was read for informa-
tion, as follows, viz:
1. Resolved, That in the opinion of this House it is alike
expedient and competent, under the Constitution, for the
Government of the United Stales to construct railioads or
other thoroughfares over Uie public domain, without the
limits of a State, so as to unite, lor military and commercial
purposes, the distant and separate portions ol the Republic.
2. That such a connection oujjht only to be made and
owned by the Government, through our own territory,
wheie the trade along its lines would he forever under
the protection of our own flap, and tend to enoonmge
the occupation and cultivation ot uur own vast public do-
main, and ought to be so constructed us to connect the waters
of the Mississippi with the navigable wateis ol the Pacific
ocean, in as central a position to temtory and population
as is compatible with a due regard to the best and must
practicable route.
3. That a railroad or other thoroughfare connecting the
wnteis 01 the Mississippi with the rmviirable waters ot the
Pacific should be a great public, military, and commercial
highwav—national m its design, national in its character,
and national in its construction ; and that itthouid belong
to the United States, and be tor* ver disconnected with indi-
vidual interests or speculations, and should he preserved
forever tree to the whole people of the Cont; deracy.
4. That it would bt: grossly unjust to the people of the
United States,and derogatory to thedignity ot the Republic,
to employ the national resources of the people in conduct-
ing a magnificent woikot this kind, ami leaven* totality
and proprietorship in the hands of any individual or indi-
viduals, subject to the influences of pnvate interest, upon
any terms, conditions, or stipulations whatevei—the v\ hole
people being the safest guardians ot woiks constructed
from their means.
5. That the public lands of the United States should fur-
nish the resouices tor the cousttuenon of such a road, and
that they should be so employed as to hasten its completion |
m the shortest practicable pei md.
* 6. That, 111 establishing branches from the western frontier
of the States easiwaidij to counf ct with the improvement
from Atlantic, nonh, ^outh, and cential, it N alike constitu-
tional and expedient (or Comiress to grant to lite States
thiough whn h they pass liberal appropiiauon? ot the pub-
lic land along the routes to aid said States in their construc-
tion.
7. That, as a preparatory mea^uie to the construction of
tin* road, Congre-s should at once encourage the establish-
ment of a line of the electro-magnetic tele.graph from St.
Louis to San Francisco by liberal donations oi the public
lands, and guaranteeing the protection of the Government
at her military stations along the route
8. That a select committee of thirteen be appointed to
take into consideiation the subject of the great national
highway to California and Oregon, and also the subject ot the
ma«neuc telegraph, and that thev be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of establishing the same upon the
principles above bud down, or upon such oihei printiples as
they may deem right and proper, and that they have leave
to repott by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ROBINSON expressed the hope that the
rules would not be suspended, for the reason that
the Committee on Public Lands had the subject
before them already.
The question was put, and the rules were not
suspended.
The call of the States for petitions proceeded:
From the State of Missouri: By Messrs. Bow-
lin, Greln, Hall, and Phelps.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. GREEN (the rules having been suspended
1 for the purpose) introduced a bill to authorize the
i relinquishment of school lands in certain cases,
j and the selection of others in lieu thereof; which
j was read twice by its title and referied to the
i Committee on Public Lands.
!| Mr. HOWARD asked the unanimous consent
■ j of the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
1 Mr. ROOT said he would object to the mtro-
i duction of any more resolutions until the resolu-
' tion of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty]
I was disposed of.
■ The call on the States for petitions was pro-
! ceeded in; when petitions were presented
■ From Michigan : By Mr. Buel,
1 Fiom Texas : By Mr. Kaufman.
| From Iowa : By Messrs. Leffler and Thomp-
! S From Wisconsin: By Messrs. Cole, Doty,
I and Durkee.
1 j From the Territory of Oregon : By Mr. Thurs-
!! ton.
Mr. THURSTON, (on the Territory of Ore-
gon being called for petitions,) said, Mr. Speak-
er: As I have no memorials to present, I will ask
fhe consent of the House to introduce a resolution.
I hope fhe House will do me the favor. {Mr.
Root objected.) Mr. Thurston said, then Mr.
Speaker, I shall have to move the suspension of
the rules. I am quite sure the House will do me
this favor; certainly, it will extend this courtesy, to
me. The resolutions pertain to my Territory,
sir; they concern no one but myself and my con*
stituents, and I know the House will suspend the
rules for my benefit. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The question being put, the rules were suspend-
ed, and the resolutions were introduced, read for
information, and adopted, as follows: *
"Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
stnicti'fl to inquire:
lot. What is the probable present population of Oregon
Territory, and what propoitioti of *aid population are
American citizens, and what proportion foreigner^, and what
proportion of .-aid foreigners* have filed their mtemiuiis. to be-
winic American citizen*. *
2d. What first led to the settlement of said Territory by
American citizens; what inducements weteheld out to
enugi<uiis> to th.it Ttrmoiy froui the States j the extent an<|
nature ol those inducement?!; by w h«>m held out, and what
benefit has acciued to the General G >vermm-nl from the
settlement of that Teiritory by American citizens.
3d. What tune it takes for emigrants to get to that Terri-
tory over land or by water, and wiiat are the probable ex-
penses of the journey each way.
4th. How long after the commencement of emigration"to
that Territory, before the General Government provided Urn
settler? there with a civil government, flow long the people
ol said Teiutoiy bad maintained a civil govermmnt nt
their own expend, when the Territory w«t organized by
the General Government; and what weie the hardships and
inconveuiences attendant on a m ttlcment in that T« rntoiy
not peculiar to ii setih mmt m the t-evenil territories wlneli
have been m tiled ea-tot the Itoeky J\,ouniatn>.
5th. Into the propi iety and justness ot donating land to all
AmeiK-an citizens* now in <anl Ten itorv, or oh their way
there for the purpose of settlement, and to all loieimurs
now theie who s>hali become naiuialt/i d citizens ; and into
the quantity to be donated, and the necuss-ary rples and
regulations to be atuulud to donations to be made to native
born and naturalized Ameiican citizens respectively.
6th. Into the pmpneu ot donating land, in proper quan- •
tines-, and with proper rules and reynMtions 10 such Ameri-
can citizens as shall   migrate to, and settle in "-aid Terri-
tory hereatter, and to the son* of Aim riean citiz« ns m said
TeiiHmy hereafter becoming ot age and willing thete.
7th. Into the propuety. when the 16th and S(fth s« cuone,
tesetved for school purposes by the at tot organization, shall
conflict with the land claims of individual* a* allowed by
the laws of the l.ite I'roviMOiial Government of *-aid Terri-
tory, of allowing  aid claimant* to hold their claims Mill,
and the Territorial Government to select other lands ot equal
value in <nme partot the Termor*, notctahmd.
And, finally, that cant Coimn ttee be limber ins ructed to
inquire into the best means to be adopted by thy Govern-
ment of piomoting the settlement and prosperity of s-aid
Terufory, and info the importance of the se'th ment and
proepeniy of that Territory to the commerce of the United
States.
From the Territory of Minnesota: By Mr.
Sibley.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution; which was read
for infoimotion, as follows:
nesohid, That the Committee mi Milila-y Affairs he in-
structed. i'rrsl: To n.quiie into llie tuftiurmy ol (he
mililitry (bice now MatiomMl on tlic lromn-rs ol Iowa, Wis-
COIIMII, mid Minnesota Territories, for the dek-nt-e llmrcot.
Secondly: I. cn-e tanl lo eu i  not .-ullicient, ami there
are no means at the disposal of the Derailment of War, to
instruct t-aid tonimillee to repoit a bill .uiihoiiziin; Hie
1'iesnlent ol the United States to call into the service of the
Dinted Slates sin h volunteers as may by linn be deemed
nece.-sary to pieseive the pi.aee of tlie couuuy.
Mr. HOOT objected.
Mr. SIBLEY moved tosuspend llie rules; which
j question was taken by lelleis, and decided in the
|l affiimalive—ayes 116, noes 9.
ij The resolution was then received and adopted,
j Mr. FITCH asked leave to introduce a bill, of
! which previous notice had been given.
i Mr. ROOT objected.
ii Petitions were still further presented—
li Fiom Alabama: By Messrs. Alston, Coee,
i! and Milliard.
|| From Mississippi: By Mr. Feathekston.
'S From Louisiana: By Messrs. Conrad and Jtjar-
j! MANSON. ^
ii From Ohio: By Messrs. Campbell, Carter,
i1 ComviN, Crowell, Giddings, Hoaoland, Hnu-
ll T£R, Olds, Potter, Root, Schenck, W hittle-
i! sev, and Wood. . . .
! Mr. GIDDINGS presented two petitions asking
for the esiablishment of a Congress of Nations;
which he moved to refer to a select committee,
and on that motion callediorthe previous question.
The previous question was not seconded by the
House.
