1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 2,
are about to remove the Oregon Indians to the easl
of the Cascade Mountains. The settlements in
New Mexico and in Utah, are driving the tribes that
roam the prairies in that quarter, towards the East
and the North. Your pioneers are encircling the
last home of the red man, as with a wall of fire.
Their encroachments are perceptible, m the rest-
lessness and belligerent demonstrations of the pow-
erful bands who inhabit your remote western
plains. You must approach these with terms of
conciliation and of real friendship, or you must
very soon suffer the consequences of a bloody
and remorseless Indian war. Sir, what is to
become of the fifty or sixty thousand savage
warriors and their families, who line your fron-
tier, when the buffalo and other game upon which
they now depend for subsistence are exhausted ?
Think you they will lie down and die without
a struggle? No, sir, no. The time is not
far distant, when pent in on all sides, and suf-
fering from want, a Philip or a Tecumseh will
arise to band them together for a last and desperate
onset upon their white foes. What then will
avail the handful of soldiers stationed to guard the
frontier. Sir, they, and your extreme western
settlements, will be swept away as with the besom
of destruction. We know that the struggle, in
such case, would be unavailing on the part of the
Indians, and must necessarily end in their exter-
mination. But this nation will subject itself to ad-
ditional and awful retributions of that Providence
without whose knowledgeand permission "not even
a sparrow falls to the ground," if it fails to use
every endeavor to avert such a catastrophe. This
Republic is even now expiating its guilt in this
respect to some extent, by the visitations of pesti-
lence, and the weakening of that bond of harmony
among its members which was wont to exist.
While manifesting an active sympathy for the
nations of the Old World, who are down trodden
by despotic power—while like the Pharisee of old,
we are thanking God that we are not as other men
are, we seem to forget that we are still pursuing a
line of policy towards the Indian race, which has
already destroyed countless thousands of them.
Sir, this nation of more than twenty millions of
people, can well afford to reach forth its friendly
hand to rescue the residue of this unhappy people,
from degradation and death. You are takingfrom
them their lands, their homes, their all, and what-
vver return can be made them in this hour of
their greatest need, should be granted with an un-
grudging and generous hand.
Well might the eloquent Sevier, whose voice is
now silenced in death, thus appeal to the. Senate
in behalf of the Indian tribes in 1839. Said he
" Let us remember the kmd and hospitable recep-
' tion of our ancestors by the natives of the country,
' a reception which has been perpetuated in carved
' figures in the walls of the Rotunda of this Capitol;
' and in remembering these things, let us this day
' step forward and do something for our wretched
' dependents, worthy of a great, a merciful, and
'generous Christian people."
Mr. S. withdrew the motion.
Mr. MASON renewed the motion. He said he
had listened with attention to the remarks of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] in be-
half of the Indian race. He (Mr. M.) did not
recollect that the gentleman had proposed any
particular plan for the amelioration of the condi-
tion of the Indians, but the gentleman was in fa-
vor of that principle generally. To the principle
of ameliorating the condition not only of this par-
ticular race, but of all other races which we might
suppose to be inferior to our own, he (Mr. M.)
had not the least objection. But, in view of the
history of the past, and of the efforts of philan-
thropists to raise the Indian to the level of the
white man in political rights, or to make hire equal
in any manner whatsoever with the white man, he
(Mr. M.) should despairof any such result. Na-
ture and Nature's God, (continued Mr. M.,) made
the white man, the red man, and the black man;
and when gentlemen undertook to make them'
equal, they undertook an impossible task. Our
friends in the free States from the North have
manifested as great a desire to elevate the condi-
tion of the African race—of the black man as
my friend from Minnesota has shown to elevate
the condition of the red man. Now, in my view
legislation will have about as much effect in pla-
cing these three races of animals, called men, on
the same footing of equality in point of intellect—
of form—of physiognomy, or color—as it would
have if. a law were passed to make every variety
of birds equal; to make those birds which have
heavy bodies and small wings, fly, and soar like
eagles and those other birds that have long wings
and light bodies. It is just the same thing. You
may take the canine breed. Some havea remark-
able instinct in one way—some in another. You
cannot by law make them the same; and theie-
fore 
Mr. SIBLEY interposed, and suggested that
John Randolph and other distinguished Virginians
had boasted of their Indian blood. Did not the
gentleman regard these men as furnished with long
wings and light bodies ?
Mr. MASON resumed. He admitted the fact
stated by the gentleman from Minnesota. He
(Mr. M.) knew that some of the most able, elo-
quent, and patriotic men had descended, in part,
from the Indian race. But did the gentleman
mean to say that this was common, or that these
cases were anything more than exceptions?
Mr. SIBLEY interposed, and (Mr. Mason yield-
ing the floor) said, I would say to the gentleman
that I do not regard the cases cited as exceptions
to the general rule, but know that whenever the
Indian race are allowed the same advantages with
the whites, they are as capable of improvement,
and are equal to them in every respect. We have
mixed bloods among our population in Minnesota,
many of whom are among our most estimable
citizens. The gentleman has not lived as long as
I have among the red men, or he would be better
versed in their history.
Mr. MASON contended, that however the argu-
ment might apply to individuals who might have
a sprinkling of the Indian blood in them, it was
not applicable to the masses of the Indian popula-
tion. What was the fact in relation to the manual
labor schools recommended by the gentleman, for
the purpose of educating the Indians? An exam-
ination of the history of the Indian race, since we
had any knowledge of them, showed that they
were averse to labor. Their physical organization
was adapted to the chase. Their muscles and
figures were light. They were not of the dray-
horse breed. They had not a natural disposition
to labor. He did not know that the white man
had that disposition by nature, but 
Mr. SIBLEY interposed, with a remark not
heard, but understood to lie in vindication of the
disposition of the Indian to labor, and of his en-
durance in the chase.
Mr. MASON meant to say (hecontinued) that
the life which the Indians most admired was that
of the chase; it was suited to them above all oth-
ers. The labor which they performed and the en-
durance they possessed were of a certain character.
But that which the white man called labor, the
Indian "scorned. The men killed the game, but
the squaws packed it in and took care of it. And
generally they were averse to labor. Such, at
least, was his experience of their character; and
every effort which had been made to make them
labor—he spoke not of individuals among them,
but of the masses—had only proved that to put
them to labor was to destroy them. The Spaniard,
on his first landing on the Gulf shores, had attempt-
ed to make slaves of the Indians, but could not.
It never could be done. Indians had been raised
as slaves from their infancy, and as soon as they
arrived at manhood they would make their way
to the woods and live on roots, or starve, sooner
than they would work. The race had noble traits
of character, peculiar to themselves, and he did not
desire to throw any obstacle in the, way of civilizing,
moralizing, or even christianizing them. The ex-
periment, however, had been tried and had failed.
The people of the United States had abandoned it,
and his northern friends had now taken up another
race, and were endeavoring to put them upon as
high a footing as that which this white man held.
He thought that this experiment had failed even
more signally than that with the Indian race. A
gentleman near him mentioned Governor Roberts
as presenting a specimen of what might be done
with the race; but that individual was not of black
blood altogether, having blue eyes, freckled face,
and other evidences of a white mixture.
For as many hundred years as we had any
authentic records of the race, their history had
been the same as it was at this day. He spokeof
that portion of the African race which had never
been in bondage, and whose ancestors had never
been slaves. They might be estimated probably
atthe number of a hundred andfifty millions. They
were tins day what they were hundreds of years
ago. They were naked—planted no com—used
neither plough, nor hoe, nor axe; read no Bibles,
and printed none; lookout no patents for inventions
—were not acquainted with the mechanical, manu-
facturing, or any other arts,and were unfed at least
a3 far as good food was concerned. They were
idle—they did nothing; they were cannibals, eating
each other up, and picking out the choice morsels
as a delicious food. Even the missionaries that
went to civilize and enlighten them, they had eaters
up—made their dinners of them—as they had done
or the crews of vessels shipwrecked on their shores.
Such was the African race, which it was desired
to elevate to social, moral, and political equality
with the whites. Let gentleman try it.
Gentlemen had spoken of the condition of the
slaves of the South. It might be true, that some
of them had had a hard time; but the condi-
dition of the three millions of slaves in the south-
ern States would, on the average, compare, m
physical comfort and happiness, with the condi-
tion of any three millions of people in Africa—out-
side of Monrovia. It would compare in intelli-
gence and comfort. The slaves of the South lived
in houses; the black men of Africa did not. The
slaves of the South had clothes; the others had
not. Many of these three millions could read the
Bible; the others could not. Many of the three
millions who could not read the Bible themselves,
went to heat it read. All of them either read it
or heard it read. And they were thus in a good
condition, not only as'regaxded this world, but also
the world to come, for they were taught the way
to Heaven.
Now, let gentleman just make a calculation.
Here we are (continued Mr. M.) about twenty
millions of people, with large exports, splitting up
and dividing about a people some seven tunes our
own number, who have no expoits (except a few
elephant's tusks)—who export nothing but them-
selves—their own men, women and children; bone
of their own bone, and flesh of their own flesh.
You want to civilize them, and if you cannot do
it, then you are going to destroy this Government
by taking from fifteen of the States of the Union
the rights which justly belong to them. This is
about the sum and substance of the whole matter.
As to civilizing them and putting them on an equal
footing with the white man, you might as well at-
tempt to give them wings and make them fly. No
one but the God of Nature, who made the black
man as well as the white, can do anything with
them.
Mr. MASON continued to address the commit-
tee m reference to the proper policy to be puisued
by our Government and people towards the I ndian
and African races among us; alluding to the course
of Mr. Giddings on the question of slavery, and
touching divers other points.
At the conclusion of Mr. MASON'S remarks,
some conversation took place between him and
Mr. OWEN, as to the position recently taken by
Mr. Clay in the Senate, when
Mr. OWEN said that, as he had heard the re-
marks of the Senator from Kentucky, he desired
that what that Senator had said should be cor-
rectly stated. It was this: that, m the event of
the State of Kentucky arraying herself against
the General Government, Kentucky being in the
wrong, he would not take part with Kentucky.
Mr. MASON said that, as he understood the
position taken by the Senator from Kentucky, it
was this; that if the State of Kentucky took part
against the General Government, he would go to
support the Geiieial Government.
Mr. M. withdrew the amendment.
Mr, GIDDINGS renewed it, and said he did not
rise for the purpose of following out the subject
introduced by the gentleman "from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mason,] although he had been alluded to
personally, and his views had been misappre-
hended. If (said he) I can obtain the attention of
the committee, I will call to their recollection the
fact, that we have now commenced upon the ninth
month of our session, and to this time we have
scarcely passed a law or perfected any business.
The time of our ordinary adjournment has gone by,
and we can hardly be said to have enteied upon
more than one of the many subjects for which we
assembled.
During these eight months we have been en-
