1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Wabash, in the State of Indiana, praying the ]>assageof a
. law bv emigres to cot reel a mistake in the location of a
certain section of land lescrved to «AMo-lah," a Miami
tndiau, by a treaty made with said Indian on thy 6th or No-
vember, 1SH8
AIm), a joint resolution of the'State of Indiana, praying
Confess to «ive to actual settlers on the public lands the
right to purchase eighty acres of land at what it cost the
Government.
By Mr. LEFFLER: The.petition of F. A. Pratt and 30
others, citizens of JSellevue, Jackson county, Iowa, praying
the establishment of a mail route.
Also, the petition of D. H. Johnston and others, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Prairie du Chien to
Independence.
Also, the petition of John 0. Fory and 46 other?, citizens
of Bellevue, Jackson county, Iowa, praying Congress to
pass a law tor the further reduction of postage.
Also, the petition of S. S. Swan and 36 other?, citizens
of the State of fowa, asking a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the city of Davenport, on
rhe Mississippi river, to the Council Blufls, on the Missouri
liver.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Four petitions from 167 citizens of
Miami county, Ohio, praying lor an appropriation to com-
plete the national road between Springfield and the western
boundary of that State.
Also, the petition of 60 citizens of Ohio, for a mail route
from Milton, in Miami county, to Greenville, in Darke
countv, in said State.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY : A petition of citizens of Wash-
ington county, in the State of Ohio, praying for a congress
of nations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Washington, in the State of
Ohio, praying for a post route from Barton, Washington
county, to Coolville, in Athens county.
Also, the petiiio s of citizens of the State of Ohio, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. THURMAN: Concurrent resolutions of the Leyis-
latute of the State of New York, in relation to the powcis
of Congress ni regard to the abolition and extension of
slavery, and in relation to the preservation of the Federal
Union.
A'so, concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New York, in relation to the establishment of a
Mint in the city ot New York.
AIm), concum-nt resolutions of the Legislatuie of the
State of New York, on granting a portion ot the public do-
main to the Hungarian exiles, and such other persons as
art not owners ot land.
Also, the petition of Thomas A. Tomlinson and 70 others,
citizens of Essex county, New York, asking Congiess to
pass a law establishing cheap postage.
By Mr. COLE* The petition of "the principal, tcachers,
and scholars of the Platteville Academy, praying for the
abolition of the tracking privilege, and for a uniform rate
of postage on psepaid letters of two cents per half ounce.
Aho, the petition of J. R. Doe, James H. Ogiivie, and
94 others, citizens of Rock county, Wisconsin, asking for
a uniform rate ot postage on prepaid letters of two cents
per half ounce.
Also, the petition of Dennis W. Clark, J. A. Jones, and
84 others, citizens of Grant county, asking for a uniform
rate of postage ot two cents per half ounce on prepaid let-
ters.
Al*o, the petition of David T. Savre, Timothy E. Gieene,
and 38 others, citizens of Fulton, Rock couniy, asking for
a uniform rate of postage on prepaid letteis of two cents
per half ounce.
By Mr. FITCH : The memorial of 215 citizens of Lapoite
countv, Indiana, asking Congress to secure to American
shipping tile free navigation of the St. Lawrence.
Also, one of sundry citizens of Wishawaka, St. Joseph
county, Indiana, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of St. Joseph Iron Company, Wishawa-
ka, Indiana, asking reduction of postage to two cents per half
ounce on piepaid mallei.
Also, one from citizens of South Bend, Indiana, on the
eamesKhject.
Also, one from John B. Ntles, and other citizens of La-
poite county, Indiana, on the same subject.
Also, two petitions of sundiy citizens of Indiana, for a
i tn-weekly coach mail route from Lafayette, through Monti-
cello, Vincennes, Plymouth,South Bend, Indiana, to Niles,
Michigan. „ , , „
Also, the petition of 237 citizens of Cass, Fulton, Marshall
and Stark counties, Indiana, asking a mail route fiom Lo-
san«port, north, through the western part of Fulton aud
Marshall counties, to intersect the road from Ply mouth to
AKo, the memorial ofCapt. James P. Smith, late of 16th
V. S. Infantiv, asking additional compensation inland to
the officers ot the late Mexican war.
Aly-o the joint resolution of Indiana Legislature, asking
donation of cverv alternate section of land belonging to the
„ United States for ten miles on each side of Kankakee and
Iroquois rivers, to aid in imptovmg the navigation ot said
""aUo, the joint resolution of Indiana Legislature, asking
redumon of prices of public lands in Miami National Re-
servation. „ , , 10.
Af^o. the petition of J. S. Jarnegan, S. Golfox, and 1^4
other citizen* of St. Joseph county, asking Congress to de-
vice way* and means to more effectually suppiess the Afri-
can slavc-tiade.
B\ Mr. GOVT- The petition of citizens of Syracuse,
New York, foi cheap postage.
AMo, the petition of Mary Kirby Smith, for an increase of
nension. . T
Bv Mr. PARKER: The petition and other papers of Lu-
cinda Wii-lnn^mn, Louisa Me.ule, and Elizabeth C. Tur-
ner hen* of 0/. .I 'ii'i Nelson, a surijpnii in the revolutionary
wai pravina compensation for sci vices rendered by iiim m
that'war.aiid lor which he received no pay.
13v Mr OltOWELL- The petition of Daniel Eaton,
Ehah W. Boswoitli and otheis, citizens of Youngstown,
Mahoning countv, Ohio, praying the « passage of a resolu-
tion that when ftve-mnihsof the electors ot any Slate or
States will petition Congress for a uniform paper currency,
and five-ninths of its Legislature win pledge the honor and
resources of the State to keep Congress indemnified from
any loss or damage by providing such State or States with
a paper curiency sufficient in amount to transact all its ex-
change business, paj able sixteen years after date in gold
and silver coin, with oue percent, per annum interest to the
bill holder, mude a legal tender for ita face, and interest to
be loaned out by the State at hx per cent, per annum inte-
rest, todij.charge the principal of s>uch State debt-sand for no
other purpose, until such State debts are extinguished; are
then to be applied to the payment of said curiency, and
they sincerely beseech Congress to grant their request, to
enable them to pay off their State debts and relieve them
and their children's children fioni the grasp of bank mo-
nopoly."
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition from the Mayor and
Citv Council of Steubenville, Ohio, tor cheap postage.
Also, the petition ot Samuel BuHmgfei and 79 other citi-
zens of Miiithfield, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition ot Samuel Patterson aud 16 other citi-
zens of S eubenville, < duo, on the same subject.
Also, tho pe.tmon of Colunel William C. M'Causlen and
18 other citizens, and one fiom Beatty Mel arlan,Esq., and
38 other citizens of Islandereek, Ohio, on the same sub-
ject.
By Mr. GOULD : The petition of citizens of Tompkins,
Di laware Count>, New } oik, foi cheap postage.
Also, concurrent resolutions-of ihe i.egir-laiure of New
York on slavery and its prohibition in new Tern tones.
Al>o, concurrent resolutions of the Legislaaire of New
Yoik lecommending wis-e and sufficient appiopnations for
the improvement of harbors and rivers.
Alco, concuncnt resolutions of the Legislature of New
York lor the removal of the obstiuetion  at Hui! Gate, in
East River, near the city of Now Yoik.
By Mr. HINGHAM: The petition of C. A. Trowbridge
aud others, citizens of Detroit, lor improvements on the
south bhoie of Lake Supeiior.
AUo, two petitions ror the establishment of a naval loute
from La Pier to Ponl-ac, m the State ot Michigan.
Also, a petition numerously signed b> the citizens of Sag-
inaw and other portion- ot Michigan, for the lemoval of
obstructions in the moutu of S<ignuiw river.
By Mr PULLER - The petition ot John (!. Jewett and
42 other citizcn* of Machiasport, in the county of Washing-
ton, and State of Maine, piaying for the reduction ot the
rates ot postage.
Also, the petition of George M. Reed and 46 other citizen*'
of Eastpoit, in the county afoiej-aid, asking Congress to
abolish tfie system of fioegms; in the United Slates Navy.
By Mr. ALKERTSON: The meuional ot Elijah Hurst
and 4L other ofheers, non-eoinnii-sioned officers, soldiers,
and volunteers of the la-t war with Great Bulain, citizens
of Uairison c<>u«ty, Indmna, nnd otheis, piaying Congress
to pass a law granting a portion ot the nation's wide-spread
domain to each othcei, commissioned and non-coinmis-
sioned, according to rank, and to each private soidiei and
volunteer who has not i^ceived from the Government any
other than pay and allowances authouzed by law at the
commencement of the wai.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut- The memorial of
Samuel Tweedev and others, prawng for cheap postage.
By Mr. SCHERMEllflORN : The inemoiial of tin-. Mayor
and Common Council of the uty of Rochester, New York,
asking for an immediate appio|>ri:ition of $30,000 to repair
the piers at the mouth of the Gcne&see liver, and for the
impiovement of the harhoi.
Also, the petition of the facultyand students of the colle-
giate institution of Rochester, Monroe county, New 1 ork,
asking for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of 153 citizens of Monroe county, New
York, asking for cheap postage.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: The memorial of Christiana
Weber, widow of John Weber, a deceased Illinois volun-
teer, piaying for a pension.
Also, the memorial of Richard Chany, of Illinois, praying
Congress to allow him a sum claimed to be due, as a soldier
in the wai of 1812.
Al-:o, the pe ition of John C. Hunt, late a caplam of the
4th Illinois volunteers, for a law allowing otiicers in tfie
Mexican wai bounty binds.
Al-?o, ihe petition of Dr. G. Elkin and 53 other citizens of
Illinois, for the establishment of a mail route from Pekm,
via Tremont, Mackinaw, Stout's Giove, Wilksboro', Bloom- !
ington, Leroy, Santa Anna, and Mahomet, to Urban mi. j
Also, the petition of David Atterberty and 72 otheis, citi- ;
zerrs of-Tazcwell county, Illinois, for a post road from Pe-
kin,via Dillon, Aimington, and Mount Hope, to Wayns-
ville.
Also, the petition of M. Tackerberry and 48 others, pray-
ing the establishment of a post route fiotri i'ekin, llhnoi-,
via Canton, and Kingston, to Tunbeipoint, m Peoria
county.
By Mr. PHELPS: The memotial of the Legislature of
the State of Missouri, asking foi a donation of alternate^
sections of land tor the space ot six miles, on each side of
White river, for the purpose of improving the navigation of
said liver.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
souu, asking foi a donation of alternate .-.eetions of land for
the distance of ten miles, on each side of the O.-age river,
from the western bonndaiy line of said State to the junction
ot said river with the Missouri, or such other grant of land
as may effect the desired objtct, for the putpo&e of lmpiov-
itig the navigation of the Osage river.
Also, the memorial of the. Legi.-latuie of the State of Mis-
soun, a-kiri<r the extension of the south-western boundary
of Missoun, and the extinguishment of the Indian title to
certain lands.
Afeo, tne petition of G. W. Williams and fifty-two other
citizcns ot Washington count\, Missouri, asking the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Ste. Genevieve to Faruuug-
ton.
The petition of C. F. Chambhti and thiriy-eight others,
citizens of Johnson county Mi^oun, praying Congress to
grant the right of way over the public lands to the Missouri
a d Whit' river Railroad Company, from Independence to
Forsyth, iu said State, and a grant of land to aid m the
construction of «md road.
m SENATE. '
Monday, * February 25, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication fr)m the War Department, made
in compliance with a resolution of the 18th instant,
calling for a report >f the survey and soundings of
the harbor of Racino.on Lajte Michigan, made by-
Lieut. Webster; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of Sal-
vador Pinistn, proposing to erect a national monu-
ment in front of the Capitol; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Buildings.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Ranson
G. Williams, and a hundied and nineteen other
merchants of New York, in favor of a reduction of
postage to two 'cents on all prepaid letters not ex-
ceeding half an ounce; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NORRIS presented the memorial of George
Dennett, asking compensation for services per-
formed while naval officer at Portsmouth, in the
State of New Hampshire; wluch was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, additional documents relating to the claim
of Salvador Pinistri; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Accounts.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition of citizens
of Georgia and Florida, in favor of a reduction of
the rates of postage to two cents on all prepaid
letters not exceeding half an ounce; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, representing that, m their opinion, the
right to life includes the right to a place to live,
and, in accordance with that opinion, they ask the
passage of a law granting the freedom of the pub-
lic lands m limited quantities, to actual settlers not
possessed of other lands; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Canton, Illinois,
and a petition of citizens of Chicago, in favor of a
reduction of the rates of postage to two cents on all
prepaid letters; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of Mr.
Julius Mciere, late professor of mathematics in the
navy, asking that certain allowances may be made
for quaiiers, furniture, &c.; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, two memoi mis of citizens of Pennsylvania
interested in the manufacture of iron, asking an in-
crease of duties on foreign iron; which were refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of M. J.
Hill, asking an appiopnation for the purpose of
testing by expenments the value of certain im-
provements in the science of naval gunnery; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, asking that-bounty lands may be allowed to
soldiers in the last war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Alfred G. Benson, proposing, on certain condi-
tions, to establish mail communications between
I San Francisco, California, and O.ihu, in the Sand-
| wich Islands, and Canton, in China; which was
\ referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
| Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of the
1 mayor of the city of St. Louis, Missouri, asking
i the cession to that city of all the public lands lying
! within itscorpoiate limits; which was referred to
; the Committee on the Public Lsnds, and the mo-
ll tion to print to the Committee on Printing.
i Also, the memorial of Sophia Davenport, heir
!! of Ed. James, asking indemnity for French spolia-
1 Hons prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie on
|! the table.
;i Also, a petition from Lazarus K.napp, a soldier
!i in ihe war with Mexico, asking to be allowed
ji bounty land; which was referred to the Committee
!i on Pensions.
ii Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
J. K. Rogers, legal representative of the widow
and children of a Cherokee Inflian, asking com-
pensation for an Indian reservation of which he
was dispossessed by the authorities of the State
of Georgia; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
