1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 2,
".filly-squander millions of money which has, much
of it, been drawn from the very bosom of the
West, upon the Atlantic sea-board; upon their for-
tifications, their rivers and harbors; but whenever
a few thousand are asked to be appropriated which
will be expended in the West, although for the
common benefit of all, they are so afraid that the
people of that section will get back some small pit-
tance of the millions that are drawn from their toil
for the use of this Government, that they at once
make war upon it as something outrageous. They
seem to think that we have no right to expend the
public money anywhere but where it will directly
find its way into the pockets of the people of the
eastern States. Talk about the money that has
been expended for the henefit of the Northwest!
Why, sir, she has hardly been permitted to par-
take of the crumbs that have fallen from the chil-
dren's table.
Bills have often been passed appropriating im-
mense sums for the eastern sea-board, and then,
by way of a salvo for the West, the poor pitiful
sum of one hundred or one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars has been added for the whole
West. For the purpose of inducing western
members to vote for their passage, they seem to
think that the necessities of the West are so great
that we dare not vote against a bill which gives
her any lum, however pitiful. This is the way
we have always been treated. Our rights have
been disregarded, because our numbers here have
been comparatively small, and our voice hitherto
weak. But let me say to gentlemen, that they
know but little of the elements of the great North-
west, if they suppose this will always be so. She
will soon be here in her proper strength. Her
voice will be heard in thunder-tones. Her Repre-
sentatives will be here, not to beg for her rights,
but to demand what is her due. And gentlemen
may be assured that they will have strength, too,
to maintain their demand and obtain justice.
Mr. HOUSTON (interrupting Mr. D.) said, he
had nevei; refused to vote for any appropriation
for the Northwest that had been proposed for
rivers, harbors, or any other purpose.
In the course of his remaiks Mr. D. was inter-
rupted by
Mr. BAYLY, who rose to a point of order.
He submitted that the rule required that a gentle-
man should speak to the amendment. Neithar the
gentleman who was now on the floor, nor the gen-
tleman who preceded him, had spoken in explana-
tion of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Brown, of Missis-
sippi,) pro tern, decided the remarks of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] to be in order.
Mr. DUNHAM continued. "Why all this op-
position to the Noithwest? Why are these gen-
tlemen so fearful of doing something for her inter-
ests? What would become of little Delaware?
what would becorrfe of all of the eastern States, if
it were not for the Northwest? What would be-
come of your manufactures if she did not furnish
you a market for them ? What would become of
your commerce if it were not for her immense pro-
ductions?—if the wants of her people were not to
be supplied > s
The whole land system of this Government is
a tax upon her industry—a system by which her
citizens are annually compelled to pay mi.lions, for
the poor privilege of changing the unproductive
wilderness into fertile fields; for the poor piivilege
of producing with their own toil a sustenance for
themselves and families fiom the bosom of the
earth. But, sir, the East is not satisfied with this.
She still further, by her tariffs, taxes that indus-
try for the benefit of her own. The East never
knows that there is a Northwest, unless there are
burdens for her to bear, or when she desires to
control her trade or monopolize her market.
Now, sir, for whose benefit is this bill? For
the West alone ? No, sir, but the East also. It
provides for the payment of money in accordance
with treaty stipulations, entered into for the pur-
pose of extending our national domain. And is
not the East benefited by this extension? Cer-
tainly, sir. She is benefited by the vast increase
of national wealth which tt has produced. She is
benefited by the immense growth of our commerce
which it has created, for she, more than all the
rest of the Union, reaps the benefit of that com-
merce. She is benefited by the almost unlimited
market for her manufactures which it has opened
up. And she is also benefited by the continual
revenues which are poured into the public Treas-
ury from the sales of that domain. The gentleman
from Delaware says that the revenues of the Gov-
ernment have never been benefited by the public
lands. The other day , when we had under consid-
eration the bill granting bounty lands to the old
soldiers of the Republic, gentlemen then talked very
differently. The gentleman from Maryland then
asid, (hat the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
weie a part of the revenues of the country. That
upon the faith of them our public debt had been
created, and that they were the great resource upon
which we must rely for the payment of that debt.
Now they yield nothing. Now the extension of
the public domain interests only the Northwest.
The East derives no benefit from it. Sir, if there
is any one section of this Union which more than
another is benefited by the extension of our terri-
tory in the Northwest or elsewhere, and the con-
sequent increase, of population, of wealth, of com-
merce, and market, then it is the northern Atlan-
tic States, and they cannot better advance their
own interests than by treating her with liberality—
than by aiding her in all just means of developing
her immense resources. I am happy "to see that
some of their Representatives upon this floor are
disposed to pursue this course. 1 thank them for
it, and to them my preceding remarks do not apply.
1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY rose and made an earnest appeal
to the committee to proceed with the bill without
further irrelevant debate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that if the
amendment was insisted upon, he wished to be
heaid.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
had been withdrawn.
The Clerk resumed the reading,and passed rap-
idly over several pages of the bill, without inter-
ruption.
The items of appropriation for the payment of
the permanent annuities, &c., stipulated for by
treaty, to the Eel River Miami tribe of Indians,
being read—
Mr. FITCH, remarking that there was now no
such tribe of Indians as the Eel river or Miami
tribe, moved the following proviso:
" Prowled, Thai the three preceding appropriations shall
not bfe p.ud to any person or persons until proof he obtain?(I
by the fkpnitnient that the Ee! River Miamis exist asa
tribe, and shall then be paid to such tribe only."
Mr. F. said, that the object of the proviso,
was to prevent these annuities from being,
diverted into some other channel. He appre-
hended they must have been so diverted for some
years past without the knowledge of the depart-
ment. He repeated that there was now no such
tribe of Indians. There had been such a tribe
some years ago, but the only individuals that re-
mained of that tribe were some two or three aged
females, who had intermarried and been incorpo-
rated with other tribes. He trusted therefore that
the proviso would be adopted.
Mr. BAYLY said, it occurred to him that there
might be some difficulty about this amendment.
He had no objection in the world'to us adoption
under the statement of facts made by his friend
from Indiana, but it occurred to him that it might
occasion some difficulty, as it was needed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ark., having renewed the
amendment which had been withdrawn at his re-
quest, to enable him to address the committee, advo-
cated the adoption of the provisfr. ' If there were no
such Indians, as they had good reason to believe
there were not, these annuities ought not to be
paid; and if there were such still living, the proviso
did not prevent them from receiving what belonged
to them—it did not cut off the appropriation in case
the proper recipients of the annuities were found.
Mr. BISSELL (the amendment being with-
drawn and renewed) remarked, that if two or
three individuals of this tribe, as he understood
from the statement of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Fitch] was the case still remained, al-
though they might be aged females, they should
not be deprived of the benefits of these annuities
which bad been guarantied to them by treaty stip-
ulation. He had no objection to the amendment,
provided those few remaining individuals would
not be prevented from receiving their money.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
the question whether, if there was no longer any
such tribe in existence, the provisions of the treaty
applied to whatever remaining individuals origin-
ally belong to that tribe. There might be those
individuals having incorporated themselves with
or become members of other tribes.
Mr. FITCH desired to state, in reference to
these individuals to whom he had alluded, that
they represented themselves to be the descendants
of that tribe; but whether they were so or not, he
could not, of his own personal knowledge,declare.
But he could affirm, for he knew the fact, that
there was no longer any such tribe as the Kel river
Indians or Miamis.
Mr. BISSELL remarked, that before the money
could be paid it must, of course, be ascertained by
the proper officer, whether these few individuals
were the remnant of the tribe or not. If they
.were, they were as much entitled to the money as
if there were fifty, or any given number. And
the fact of their having incorporated themselves in
a larger tribe, did not alter the case, nor affect
their rights at all.
Mr. TOOMBS (the amendment being in all
cases withdrawn and renewed) concurred in opin-
ion with the gentleman from Illinois in regard to
this matter. This Government (he observed) had
experienced a good deal of difficulty in reference to
its treaties with the Indian tribes, when particular
tribes had dwindled down to a few individuals.
But the Government was bound to pay the annui-
ties, no matter how few there plight be, if but one
individual remained. Unless a supplemental treaty
were made, there was no other way than to give
ihem their annuities; otherwise the stipulations of
the treaty would be violated. He hoped the com-
mittee would comply with the obligation which
the treaty imposed upon this Government, and
vote down any amendment that might be pro-
posed.
Mr. CROWELL remarked that he understood
the obligation of the treaty to apply only to the
tribe with which the treaty was made, so long as
the tribe existed as a tribe, and no longer. As
soon as the tribe became so reduced as no longer
to be known as a separate and distinct body, the
obligation of the treaty ceascd, for there was no
longer any body to pay the annuities to. So Jong
as the body of individuals, the quasi corporation
was to be found, the Government was bound to
carry out the stipulations of the treaty, but no
longer. If the quasi corporation ceased to exist,
and the remnant of the individuals composing it
became incorporated with other tribes, then the
treaty obligation ceased to exist also. He hoped
the proviso would be adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was in favor
of the adoption of the proviso. He enlarged upon
the point previously made by him, that theobhga-
tionof theGovernmentceased when the tribe ceased
to be known as a tribe, because then an important
requisite was wanting—$iere were no longer two
parties to the contract.
Mr. TOOMBS suggested that the practice of the
Government was to ptry these annuities ptr capita;
and he thought that the fact of a tribe being re-
duced to two or three individuals did not take away
the right of those few to receive their annuities.
Mr. THOMPSON said, that formerly it was the
universal practice to pay a certain sum to the tribe
collectively. It was found, however, that a large
part of the money went into the hands of specula-
tors. And some four or five years ago an act of
Congress was passed which provided that there-
after the money due to the tribe should be paid ptr
capita.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, replied to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] and advocated the adoption of the
proviso.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, renewed the amend-
ment. He said that the Eel River Indians were
originally a blanch of the great and powerful tribe
of the Miamis, who, in their emigration west, be-
came divided into three bands—the Eel Rivers,
the Weas, and the old Miami tribe. The Weas
sold their lands, and emigrated west. The Eel
Rivers did the same, and each of these bands re-
ceived their annuities separaie. The Eel Rivers,
at first but a small band, has become entirely ex-
tinct, and have no existence as a nation or a band.
At the last Miami treaty, it was ascertained that
the remaining members of this band had merged
with the old tribe, and was numbered with them,
,and per capita received their annuities as such.
Mr. FITCH expressed a wish to know when
these appropriations weie likely to cease? They
