416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25.
ENLARGEMENT OF THE CAPITOL.
XVIl*. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have been re-
quested to present the memorial of Robert Mills,
civil engineer and architect, asking an investiga-
tion of certain plans®, models, and estimates made
by him of improvements and additions to the
Capitol. In moving the reference of this memo-
rial, it is scarcely nectf sary forme here to suggest
that, in the Senate chamber, we shall soon want
more room, thai the House of Representatives is
not sufficiently large for the accommodation of all
the members, while it is well known that the
library is so cramped that many of the books
cannot be arranged, and that they have to be put
away in boxes. It is manifest that the Capitol re-
quires enlargement. I move the reference of this
memorial'to the Committee on Public Buildings.
The memorial was so referred.
RESOLUTIONS FROM NEW JERSEY.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I present cer-
tain joint resolutions from the Legislature of New
Jersey, asking for an appropriation for surveys
on the shores of that State.
- I beg to say in connection with this memorial
that, in reference to this survey, a small appro-
priation might be beneficially expended. The
eastern pait of our shoie is washed by the waters
of the ocean, arid in the bay of New York Ged-
ney's channel has been discovered. But Congress
seems to have ovei looked the fact in its past appro-
priations. Our coast survey has likewise dis-
covered a channel in Delaware bay of great utihiy,
in reference to which a small appropriation would
be exceedingly useful; and I beg respectfully to
a3k the attention of the Committee on Commerce
to the request of the Legislature of New Jersey m
reference to these matters. As these are legisla-
tive resolutions, I beg that they may be read,
printed, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The resolutions were accordingly read, ordered
to lie printed, and were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the petition of Cynn H. McCormick, on
the - les« f ih<* j^euat*, he reterred to the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Pate in Office.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN,
Ordacd, That the petition of James Chapman, on the
files of the Senate, be reieritd to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
settlement of accounts with the heirs and repre-
sentatives of ('n|. Pieice M. Butler, late agent for
the Cherokee Indians; which was read and passed
to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, a joint resolu-
tion to extend the provisions of a joint resolution
for the benefit of Fiances Slocum and her children
arid grandchildren, of the Miami tnhe of Indians,
approved March 3J, 1845, to certain other indi-
viduals of the same tribe.
The joint resolution having been read a first
time—
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I ask the Sen-
ate to consider this resolution now. I presume
there will be no objection. I can explain it in a ;
minute, by reference to the joint resolution whose
provisions it is intended to extend. It is therein
provided—
"That the portions or shares of the annuities or other
momn-j which are now or ma\ hereafter become payable to
the M aim tribe ot Indians due to the billowing named
person-. [Hum mi mrnuotn ■ member- n< said trine ot In-
dian-, slmll ht hereafter and mrever puyalrie to them and
tin ir d<'*ceuo'ani3 at Fort Wayne or Peon, or such other
place in the btate of Indiana as ilie {Secretary of War shall
dnect."
" Tint if the aforesaid Indian*, their descendants, or any
part thereof, s-hail hereaftei remove to the countiy west of :
the Miss-iy^ippi uvt*r, assumed to the Miami tilite ot Indians, j
then and in -uch ca-e the pmtxuis or shares of annutue^m j
oilier moneys payable to .-aid tribe, shall be paidto*ueh
persons so removing at the place of pa> merit of annuities
to said tribe ot Indiana." j
The Indians named in that joint resolution !
are still residents of Indiana and owners of land;
and the object is to make that annuity payable to !
them where they are. !!
1 he motion to proceed to the consideration of the J
^resolution was agreed to, and it was considered as Ji
m Committee of the Whole. j*
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the word t'i
"citizens" was changed to "residents." The
resolution was reported to the Senate; the amend-
ment was concurred in, and it was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
Mr. DAWSON,"from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of \
Margaret Hetzel, administratrix of the estate of '
Assistant (Quartermaster Heizel, submitted a re-
port, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret
Hetzel, widow ami administratrix of A. R. Het-
zel, late Assistant Quartermaster in the Army of
the United States, which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill to provide for the unpaid
claims of the officers and soldiers of the Virginia
State and Continental lines of the revolutionary
army; which was read and passed to a second
reading.'
Mr. YULEE, from theCommittee on Naval Af-
fairs,- to which was referred the petition of John
S. Van Dyke, made an adverse report on the same;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred the memorial of Mrs. Commodore
McKay, and the petition of J. Sydney Henshaw,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the petitions of
John Madlam and of citizens of Philadelphia,
moved to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same, and that they be refeired to
the Committee on Military Affairs; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred a memorial of the Legislatuie of Alabama,
asking the sale of certain public lands, submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill to authorize the sale of reserved
lands, and for other purposes; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the Legislature of Mis*
souri, in relation to an extension of the right of
preemption, reported that it was unnecessary and
inexpedient.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring m a bill to provide seals of
office for the Surveyors General of the public
lands; which was lead a first and second time by
its title and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT said there was a bill
on the table which had been read a third time on
the 4th instant, being the bill to relinquish the re-
versionary interest of the United States to a certain
the Senate to a circumstance so unusual to me,
that I believe it is the first time 1 have found occa-
sion to make such an appeal to the Senate for the
thirty years during which I have been a member
of this body. I was not in my place on Thursday
last, when the debate took place in which I was
referred to by the Senator from Alabama, now in
his seat, [Mr. Clemens ] I have seen in the
papers what appears to be a revised report of what
was said upon that occasion, and which I shall
read to the Senate:
"Mr. Clemens. The motion of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] and the first of the series of resolutions
presenttdnot long since by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Cla.yJ are in substance the same. I shall consider
and treat them as identical. They seem to be so legarded
by the Senator fiom Kentucky himself, though hi* speech
at one time certainly left a different imprc^nm on my
mind. I suppose I did not undeistand him rightly. Be
that, however, as it may, there is now entire concord of
opinion and action betw<en hnnsfclf and ihe Senator fiom
Mweouri. A concord which is by no means the lea^t sig~
mficantnf the portents by which we ate surrounded. 1
have read indeed that a time was coming when the lion
and the lamb should he down together, but I did not expect
to witness anything approaching that happy state in my
day. All incredulity, however, i  now at an end, and I am
prepared ro believe in any mnaele, and treat with grave
consideration any prophecy. Wlipn Thomas H. Benton and
Henry Clay, ' the great expunger,* and ' the s,rcat embodi-
ment ^ aie found holding sweet converse with each other,
foigetting the aninv-siti'-s of thirty jears, arid Jovmsly pull-
ing side by side in the same learn, (here can be nothing so
wild and fanciful as to defy belief.  x *■ * *
"Mr. Clay. Sn,it is not my purpose to enter into an
elaboiate reply to the aigumentof the eloquent gentleman
from Alabama—a Senator who, I am in hopes. ^ ill add
honor to this bodv by the talent and ability which he has
brought into it. But, sir, it seems to me that there v  ere
j iwo or three observations made by that Senator which de-
mand from me some short notice. And the first i> an allu-
sion to an intercourse between a Senator who is not new In
his se.it—the Senator fiom Missouri—and myself; in which
the gentleman remarked that the lion and the lamb had yot
together. I do not kno v to which of tlie?e quadrupeds lie
aligned me; I should make a vei.v poor lamb 1 am afraid,
and I am very far fiom being ambi ions of claiming the
prowe;-s of the lion."
''Mr. Clemens. I meanf, of course, that the Senator
fiom Kentucky was the hon. I meant simply to express,
by this figure, that they who had always heretotoie been the
antipodes of each other, had now met together upon this
qtiPflion, and therejore that the South uas menaced with
vang^r."
Mr. BENTON, (continuing.) Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, with all the decorum which is due to this
body 
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the Senator give way
for a moment for an explanation ?
j Mr. BENTON, certainly. 1 hope it will be
I unnecessary for me to say anything more.
| Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator has assumed
| what is not the fact. He has assumed that what
I he has read is a corrected report of what I said,
j 1 never saw the report of that remark in reply to
| Mr. Clay until after it was published. If 1 had
i done so, I think 1 should probably have expressed
the same idea, but in different language. I would
not have said that "therefore the South was in
reservation theiein mentioned, and to confirm the ij danger," bu; I would have explained that that
title of Charles G. Gunton, which bill was taken j! combination between the Senator from Missouri
up and passed, and sent to the House of Repre- .. and the Senator from Kentucky made it almost
sentauves for its concurrence.
The bill from the House supplementary to the
act entitled an act supplementary to the act en-
titled an act establishing a mint and regulating
| the coins of the United States, was read a hi&t and
second time by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
notices of bills.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that he would
at an early day ask leave to introduce a bill for
further regulating the navigation of the western
waters of the United States, and providing better
security theiefor.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce the following bills:
A bill to reduce the price of the public lands in the
great Miami leservation, in the State of Indiana.
A bill directing the sale of marsh lands in the
county of Jay and Adams, in the Suite of Indiana.
resolution.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
j tion, which was considered by unanimous consent
1 and agreed to:
| Resolve/!, That the Secretary of War fmni^h the Senate,
as soon as practicable, with anv rect nt repoit or other in-
formation in relerenci; to the ueology ,uid topography of
( California now m possession of the War .Department.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
| certain that California would be admitted, which I
i regaided as a great danger to the South. With
I this explanation, I am ready to hear almost any-
I thing which the Senator from Missouri has to say.
! Mr. BENTON. 1 am greatly relieved by the
explanation. I had hoped that the honorable
Senator would relieve me from the necessity of
saying anything further. He has not revised the
report of the part of his speech to which I
specially except, and I understand him now to
say that he regards the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] and myself to be of accord m wish-
ing to bring California into the Union, and that he
would consider the admission of Cahformaas men-
acing danger to the South. I believe that takes
away the necessity of my adding anything further,
and, happy to have an opportunity of catching at
anything that will save me the necessity of making
a denial on this ilooi, I accept what the gentleman
says. *
territorial governments.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
in order is the resolution of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, in relation to the establishment of Terri-
torial Governments for California, Deseret, and
New Mexico.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that that resolution be
taken up for the purpose of being referred to a
committee of thirteen—six of whom to be select-
Mr. BENTON. I wish to ask the attention of jj ed from the slave States and six from the free
