THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $5
FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session. FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1850. . *
New Series No. 27.
States, ard one to he chosen by these twelve—
with instructions to take upon themselves the duty
of endeavoring to procure acompromtse embracing
all the questions now arising out of the institution
of slavery.  
The motion was agreed to, and the question was
stated to be on the motion to refer it to a commit-
tee of thirteen.
Mr. TURNEY. It is not my purpose to pre-
sent any opposition to the reference which is pro-
posed. My principal object in rising is to cor-
rect a misrepresentation of the proceedings of my
own State in connection with this subject. I think it
is due to the State which I have the honor in part
to represent, that this correction should be made. 1
find in the National Intelligencer of Saturday morn-
ing the following article, which 1 will ask the Sec-
retary to read.
The Secretary accordingly read as follows:
" From the Nashville Union of February 14.
" The Southern Convention—Tennessee against it
—Tlie mover.-. Jit this $cliein(*al>rnad will not tail to mark
the fact that the Legislature which recently adjourned re-
fused to countenance ilie proposed Convention litre i  June
—refused to appoint delegates to it—on the contrary, con-
demned its. putposes, a* set fojth hy some of its udvoc<i(t>,
in the most decided manner. A<si strong indication of the
feelings which prevailed in that body, the lower houj-e, just
before its adjournment, passed, bv an almost unanimous
vote, the following resolutions, which were introduced Uy
Mr. Alien:
" 1 Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ten-
Mieysee, That the chief source 01 happiness and prosperity of
< th« people of the UnitecrStaie*, both a?- individuals and as
4 a nation, lias been conferied by and through the Union of
4 the States, and the adoption of our sacred'Constitution—
< the adoption of which wa-(flvcted by the compromises
«and concessions of our patriotic sires, both of tiie Noith
* and the Soiuli.
" * Resolved, further, Tiiat the continuation of that hap-
<piness and pi«*penty,and even liberty itself, depends upon
Mhe petpetuityof the Union, 'one and indivisible.' That
'the destruction of the cause of liberty in our own beloved
< land vvi I not confine its effects to the borders of the home
<of Washington, hut would sound tile death-knell* of liberal
< government in every pait of the civihz< d vvoild.
Resolved, further, That the patriotic people of the State
< of Tennessee, deprecating the sud effect^ of a disunion oi
«these States to tnemselves, to their children, and to the
< woild, and also feehng a sacn d irgard to the memory and
* services of their revolutionary father*, v.ir,i, st \nd by a.nd
<d-effndthf union 1 a.t all hazards am) to the i.a'.t
i extrlmity 5 "
" We are glad that, so far, Tennessee has no part nor lot in
ihi*maficr. She has lef'u-eri, hy her le islatme, to recog-
nize if, and wi.-elv, too ; and it i* fot the prople here tofiovvn
upon it a* it deceives. In the purposes avowed by its pro-
jectors, she can have no participation. H«t State capital,
it is true, may be desecrated by men who, undei the influ-
ence of mistaken zeal, or, worse, panicidal vvi-hes to blot
out the national existence, may come here; but she, we
cannot doubt, will, in all possible wavs, enter her solemn
protest against the whole movement; and we envy not the
future of tho^e who, forgetting the d« votion of the g^cat
men who.-e last re^tng place is- beneath het sod, sh.d! be
found consoling with thovo who would rend in picces the
glorious flag undei which her patriotic, dead gained the
laurels which now cluster atoutid their tombs.
Now, sir, in the first place, it is not true that
any such article ?s this ever appeared in the Nash-
ville Union. The Intelligencer has mistaken the
paper from which u has made the extract, i have
before me the Nashville Union, advocating; the
southern convention as strongly as any paper, I
believe, in any of the southern States. 1 do not
charge this as a fraudulent and intentional mistake
upon the part of the Intelligencer. X know not
how they fell into the error. 1 dnubt not thrv can
explain it, and that their explanation wiM ac-
company the remarks which I make. I repeat,
that I make no charge of any intentional misstate-
ment upon the partof the National Intelligencer.
Again : Mr. President, this does not give the
resolution as adopted by the Legislature of Ten-
nessee. The last resolution is a correct copy, as
far as it £oes, but it leaves out the most important
and material part of the resolution, artd^ is thete-
fore calculated to make a false impression .upon
the public mind, as to the position and the opin-
ions assumed by the Legislature of that State.
The resolution, as adopted by the Legislature of-
Tennessee, reads as follows:
" Rrsoh-eJ fiuthrr, That the pnftioric people of the State
of Tenne* «'e, deprecating the sad effect-* ol a disunion of
these States to themselves, to their children, and to the
vvoild. and also feelina a sacred regard to the memory and
services of iheir revolutionary fathers, will stand by and ue-
27
fend the Union 1 at all hazard* and to the last extremity;'
and that the only manner hj which the Union can be preserved
in Us originalpuritv, so as'to secure to the several States their
constitutional rights^ is ly resisting, atall hazards and
to the last extremity, any and all attempts to violate the
spirit and intent of its jirovisions
[The portion to which the honorable Senator
particularly referred is printed in italics.'—Rep.]
This part of the resolution, sir, being the most
important and material portion of those adopted
by the Legislature was entirely left out by the In-
telligencer, yet I do not charge that the editor has
done it; doubtless he has taken it from some other
paper. But certain it is that he did not take it
from the Nashville Union; he must have taken it
from some other paper. '
Asrain, this account is false in this: it assumes
that the Legislature of Tennessee not only ftyled
to appoint delegates to that Convention, but that
they condemned the holding of this Convention,
and the motives and objects of those who have
moved in it, and who were its' advocates. It is
equally false and untrue—palpably false in relation
to one party of that Legislature; and I would add,
sir, equally false as to the other—palpably false as
relates to both of the great political parties of that
State.
The history of the proceedings before the Legis-
lature upon this subject is this: The Democrats
had a majority in the House, and the Whigs a
majority in the Senate. The resolutions were in-
troduced into the House, and were, 1 believe, sub-
stantially copies of the resolutions passed by the
Legislature of Mississippi, w ith the exception of a
resolution taking a bioad and strong ground against
the admission of California, placing it, I believe,
upon the same footing of the Wilmot proviso or
a territorial bill. These resolutions passed the
House, and also a resolution providing for th$ ap-
pointment of delegates to that convention—a
southern convention, to be held at Nashville.
The resolutions passed the House by a party vote.
The Whigs, however,offered resolutions, substan-
tially those which I hold in my hand, and which
were finally pa^&ed by both Houses. And in re-
lation to the sending of delegates to the conven-
tion, the Whig party took this ground: First, that
they deemed it proper that the people themselves
should determine v\ hether they should choose the
representatives in that convention; and, secondly,
if they choose to be represented in the convention
to be held, that they themselves should choose the
representatives in that convention. Therefore it
is that I assume the charge contained in this paper
 copied, I have no doubt, from some other paper
—iS palpably false in relation to both political par-
ties of th© Legislature of that State; that neither
pa*ty repudiates nor condemns the southern con-
vention, to beheld at Nashville. One of the parties
advocates it, and maintains that the Legislature is
| the proper party to appoint these delegates, and
j they passed a resolution to that effect. In one body
I of the Legislature, they had a majority; and in the
other House where the Whigs had a majority,
they believed it inexpedient for the Legislature to
determine upon the propiiety of sending delegates
—far moic for them to select these delegates—but
that they should be selected by the people them-
selves.
While I am up, I would say one word further.
Why does the Intelligencer select those one-sided
statements coming from the South, and publish
them in the columns of that paper ? i doubt not
the editor desires to preserve the Union, and we
can find nothing scarcely in the columns of that
paper but the Union and the great Whig President.
Is that the only mode of proceeding;? Can the
Union be preserved by such a course of policy?
A one-sided opposing of the South, and assuming
yet a peaccable mode of preserving the Union, \s
but carrying out the designs and wishes of the
northern fanatics upon the rights and interests of
the South; and the submission of the southern
people seems to be the only peaceable mode, in
the estimation of the editor of this paper, by which
the Union must be preserved.
Mr. President, the people of Tennessee love this
Union as sincerely—yea, as dearly, as the editor
of the Intelligencer; and y„et, sir, they must siand
by the resolutions that they have passed. They
have decided upon a peaceful mode of preserving
it. It is to defend and protect the Constitution
• which guaranties it, which cements it, and which
created this Union itself, and without which there
can be no Union. They therefore resist, at all
hazards, to the last extreme, any encroachment
upon their rights—eitherupon their rights as equal,
or their rights and property This, they say, is
the only mode by which it can be pie&erved; and
it does seem to me that the editor of this paper,
occupying such a position, the sole object of which
is to preserve the Union, should not be so remark-
ably one-sided in all his editorials. Sir, it leaves
but one impression upon my mind; and that is,
that much as he loves the Union, he is willing to
place it in jeopardy by carrying out those measures
which the Legislatures of the southern Slates have,
almost every one of them, pronounced a sufficient
cause for resistance, in that they foreshadow the
result of the dissolution of the Union. If he is
for the Union, he is for it according to the wishes
and desires of the northern people. He will
jeopard it as a sacrifice, rather than fail to carry
into practical operation the designs of these north-
ern fanatics which have produced such excitement.
If he desires the preservation of the Union, let him
make one or two appeals to his noithern friends,
and not appeal entirely and exclusively to the
South. Does the editor suppose that there is no
patriotism in the South? It he docs, for one I
cannot agree with him. The North have nothing
to sacrifice in regard to this question; for, if they
have something to sacrifice, they would be willing
to make an equal sacrifice. They do possess pa-
triotism; and if the Intelligencer would appeal to
them, and ask them to stay their hand iiwheir
onward road of aggression upon the South, they
would be more likely to preserve it in that way
than in the mode he chooses to adopt.
Mr. DOWNS. Will the honorable Senator
| from Tennessee allow me to ask him a question?
It has been stated in many of the papers that the
people, or the municipal authorities, I cannot tell
which, have interfered to prevent the assembling
of this Convention at Nashville. I should be glad
to hear if the honorable Senator has any informa-
tion on that subject; and if he has, I hope he ^i!I
be kind enough to furnish it to the Senate. And
as something lias been said also about Gen. Arm-;
strong being opposed to the Convention and being
willing to use Gen. Jackson's sword to disperse it,
will the honorable Senator give usany,information
he may possess on that point.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, my informa-
tion from Tennessee is that the people are anxious
that the Convention should sit there, and they
will afford them every possible facility. I hope
and beheve that they will have delegates to sit
with them, and that'these rumors referred^ to by
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] in rela-
tion to the declaration of Gen. Armstrong are
false I had n. conversation with Gen. Armstrong
on Sunday morning in relation to the misrepresent-
ations about the lesolutions passed by the Legis-
late of Tennessee, and in relation to what steps
should now be taken, inasmuch as no provision has
been made for the appointment of delegates, b-en.
Armstrong: is in favor of the State sending dele-
gates to this Convention, and he told me he would
exert his influence among his fi lends in the State
to induce them to call a State Convention and ap-
: point delegates. I, therefore, feel authorized
| state that the rumor in relation to Gen Armstrong
is-untrue and has no foundation in feet.
Mr FOOTE. I rise to say that I will not now
pre-s the motion I have introduced, as the hour
1 for proceeding: to the orders of the day has arrived.
I move that the subject now he on the table.
Mr. HALE. I wish simply to ask, what is
the (state of the question now ?
■ Mr. FOOTE. X wish it to be passed by m-
f°The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution was
taken up and a mot.on made by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi to refer it to a select
