1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.
under the head of Pottawatamies, was for the pres-
ent fiscal year, ending the 30th of June, 1851, and
that the other appropriation of $32,000, again to
be counted under the head of Pottawatamies, was
identically the same in every respect, except that
it was to commence after the first appropriation
expired, viz: after the 30th June, 1851, and run to
the 1st of July, 1852 The appropriation bills of
the next -session, it was well known, would be
passed previous to the fourth day of March next,
to commence in 1852, and ^o run to the first of
July, 1853. It would be time enough then, he
thought, at the next session, to pass this addi-
tional appropriation.
S®Mr. CROWELL said he saw no reason for
doubling this appropriation which would not apply
to any other of the appropriations in the bill. It
was stated that the double sum was to provide, in
one case for the present year, and in the other to
provide in anticipation for the next year. He
was opposed to this mode of making appropria-
tions, because it was both unusual and likely to
lead to confusion.
Mr. BAYLY (interposing) said, if the gentle-
man would pause, he would propose to strike out
the appropriation for the next year.
Mr. CROWELL. Well,agieed. I am satisfied.
The question was taken and the amendment was
agreed to.
So the item was stricken out.
Mr. McGlUEEN moved that the committee rise.
Rejected.
The Clerk resumed the reading.
The bill having been read through—
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope not.
I have several amendments which I am instructed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer.
Mr. BAYLY. I did not know it. 1 will not
press my motion then.
Cries of " rise;" " Wait till to-morrow."
Mr. JOHNSON. These amendments, which
I am instructed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs to offer, will take considerable time. I
will act according to the pleasure of the com-
mitte. If they prefer to rise now and to act upon
them to-morrow, I have no objection.
The motion was made to rise.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Waldo and Clingman were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 40.
So the committee rose and reported.
After an ineffectual effort to adjourn to Monday,
The House adjourned. .
PETITION'S.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. CALVfN: The petition of Susan Tool, the widow
and relict of Jacob Tool, deceased, who was a soldier of
the late war, pra\ins* Congress to grant tier 160 acres of
bounty Jfuirt.
Also, lite petition of John Penn Janes nnd R others, citi-
zensioi Pennsylvania, praying for a modification of the larifF
of'184i).
By Mr. VOUNG: The petition of Richard Bcclc, of Mi-
nois, asking Confess to allow in in compensation tor extra
services rendeied in Monterey, in Mexico, in printing for
the use of the arm} of the United States, while in posses-
sion of that place.
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 2, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, sent in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 5th of July, requesting
him to communicate any information, if any had
been received hy the Government, showing that
any American vessel had been recently stopped on
the high seas, and searched by a British ship of
war. The message says the Government has no
knowledge of any alleged stopping or searching on
the high seas of American vessels, except in cer-
tain cases mentioned, which would be explained
by the correspondence on file in the Navy Depart-
ment.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was ordered that
the message and accompanying papers be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and be
printed.
Also, a message from the President, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
8th of July last, calling for the causes which led
to the evacuation of Fort Polk. The Adjutant
General says, in reply to the President, "That
Fort Polk was abandoned by the order of General
Twiggs, of 5th July, 1849, no force in his opinion
being required there, and the necessity that existed
of making such a disposition of the limited forces
assigned to the 8th department (Texas) as would
render it most effective for the purposes of pre-
serving treaty stipulations with the Indians.
The message was read.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. GREENE. Mr. President, I am informed
by the Journal that, on the motion of the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] yesterday, to
substitute "Monday" for u this day," on the
question to postpone the California bill, my vote
was recorded in the affirmative. I intended to vote
in the negative, and desire that my vote may be so
corrected.
The PRESIDENT. The Journal will be so
corrected.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Illinois, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Newton to Martinsville, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of New York, asking that the public domain
may be granted in limited quantities to actual set-
tlers not possessed of other lands.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of one
hundred and twenty-nine citizens of Coventry,
Rhode Island, residing in Washington and An-
thony villages, for a modification of the present
tariff. This petition is signed by the present Lieu-
tenant Governor of the State, and other gentlemen
of distinction, and a large portion of them are me-
chanics and laborers, who immediately feel the
present deep depression of their business. They
ascribe this depression to the present revenue laws
of the country allowing the value of the dutiable
article imported to be fixed by the importer—and
thus reducing them, the free laborers of the coun-
try, to a ruinous competition with the cheaper and
ill-fed operatives of Europe.
Also, the petition of Charles H. Franklin and
eighty-eight other citizens of Olneyville, setting
forth that the present-revenue laws place them at
the mercy of foreign labor and foreign capital, and
asking for the fixing of a specific duty equal to an
ad valorem upon the prices which existed at the
passage of the tariff of 1846.
Also, a petition signed by more than two hun-
dred and fifty inhabitants of the town of East
Greenwich and the vicinity, setting forth the em-
barrassments under which they are laboring in
their industrial pursuits, and urging upon the at-
tention of Congress such amendment of the present
revenue system, as will afford protection and a
just reward to their laber. 1 know,most of these
individuals whose names are affixed to this peti-
tion, for they are my neighbors and friends, and I
know the depression under which they are now
laboring. The insufficiency of the tariff of 1846,
and the delusiony which follow an ad valorem
duty, are fully and forcibly set forth by the peti-
tioners, and they pray for such duties in a specific
form as will restore them, their laborers, artificers,
and mechanics, to their accustomed prosperity.
Their labor is their only capital—and that is the
capital which they seek to protect.
Also, a petition of ninety-seven citizens of Crans-
ton, mechanics, artisans, and calico printers, who
all feel severely the present depression in the manu-
facturing and printing business. The materials
used in dyeing and printing are for the most part
imported from England, and the duties upon those
articles, with the freight and charges, are nearly
equal to the duties upon prints under the present
revenue laws; and in the manner in which they
are levied, this branch of business forthe past year
has been ruinous, and unless soon relieved from its
depression, must cease. The grey cottons are the
raw material of the printer, and when that article
is no longer required for that purpose, the whole
field is given up to the foreign manufacturer and
printer, and the machinery thus employed is use-
less, or falls back upon other fabrics, which are
already below thecost of labor and material. The
quantity of prints imported is immense, having
nearly doubled in the past year. Many details
are furnished by the petitioners, which conclusively
show the utter prostration of their business.
Also, a petition of Simon H. Green, and one
hundred and twenty-eight others, laboreis and arti-
sans in the villages of Phenix, Lippitt, and the
Clyde Work, in Warwick, in the State of Rhode
Island, setting forth in strong terms the depression
in their business, which is the manufacture of cot-
tons and the printing of cotton. One of these
establishments has suspended work, and the labor-
ers are seeking for some employment elsewhere.
Also, a petition of A. A. Tillinghast and three
hundred and thirty-eight others, citizens of North
Providence, in the State of Rhode Island, and
Pawtucket, Massachusetts, asking for such change
in the revenue laws as will enable them to with-
stand the ruinous competition of foreign fabrics,
with which the country is inundated at this time.
They complain that the present system of assessing
duties is unwise, and induces to frauds upon the
revenue, and deprives the American laborer of a
just reward for his labor. A specific duty, equal
to twenty-five per cgnt. upon the value of cottons,
as they \rere at the time of the passage of the
present law in 1846, would enable them to pursue
their business, reward their labor, and check
excessive importations, which at no distant day
will exhaust the resources of the country.
Also, a petition signed by Owry Tatt and one
hundred and eighty other individuals and commer-
cial firms of the city of Providence, in the State
of Rhode Island, representing that the present de-
pression in all manufacturing and mechanical pur-
suits loudly calls for the best consideration of
Congress; that large amounts of capital have
been invested in the various branches of indus-
trial and mechanical pursuits, and that at the pres-
ent time it is wholly unproductive; and that the
fabrics of their manufacture, of*vhich labor con-
stitutes their principal value, are now much below
the actual cost of production. They believe that
this depression is not caused by any want of abil-
ity to con&Ume by the great population of the
country, but rather by the present unexampled in-
flux of foreign fabiics, imported by foreigners un-
der the unjust and delusive system of duties now
imposed by law. The petitioners believe " that
many establishments of business, which have
heretofore given employment to large numbers of
industrious people, must be abandoned,1' unless a
revision of the revenue laws is made; that the ex-
isting laws, as experience shows, operate most un-
favorably upon the industry of the country, ex-
posing it to all the fluctuations of the European
markets, and placing it at the mercy of capital;
and further, " that a system of ad valorem duties
presents such temptations and facilities to fraud
that the duties cannot be fairly and honestly col-
lected, according to the true intent of the present
laws. And they ask that the duties may be made
specific, taking as the valuation of the dutiable ar-
ticles the average price at the time of the passage
of the tariff of 1846."
Also a petition of Byron Diman and two hun-
dred and eighty citizens of the town of Bristol,
Rhode Island, representing that the manufacturing
business in that town, in which the petitioners are
personally engaged, is now unproductive and their
labor is without reward. They attribute this de-
pression to the present revenue laws and the sys-
tem of ad valorem duties, and to the excessive im-
port of foreign fabrics induced by that system and
the fraudulent invoices which it invites. They
ask that the duties may be made specific.
Also, a petition of William S. Slater and forty
other citizens of Slatersville, m the State of Rhode
Island, setting forth in strong terms the present
ruinous condition of their business in the manu-
facture of cottons, and asking for such revision of
the tariff as will insure a fair collection of the du-
ties now imposed, and a change to specific duties
in lieu of the present fraudulent ad valorem sys-
tem. A specific duty upon a fair valuation of
goods, as that value was when the act of 1846 was
passed, would enable these petitioners to share in
the great markets of their own country.
Also, a petition of William Spragueand one hun-
dred and seventy other citizens of Warwick, Rhode
Island, asking for a revision of the tariff and a
substitution of specific for ad valorem duties, and
a valuation of fabrics equal to their value at the
passage of the present law in 1846. These peti-
tioners are principally mechanics, farmers, and la-
