le 50.
FHJK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
question of slavery in this hail, we have placed
the Union in still greater peril. It is possible, in my
opinion, to dissolve this Union by agitation within
the halls of Congress. I am unwilling, therefore,
that this debate should progress much farther under
existing circumstances. If we can have a practi-
cal plan of adjustment presented, or even if we cap
have a prospective plan presented, that simple
fact, in my judgment, will tend to calm the excite-
ment that prevails here and elsewhere, throughout
the Union ; and when some scheme, judicious in
its character, shall be presented to us and adopted
here, and carried into the House of Representa-
tives, J cannot doubt it will there be ratified, and
that it will tend to put an end forever to the con-
troversy which 'now so seriously endansers this
Union. I believe the remedy to which i have re-
ferred is the only remedy ; for, sir, if we continue
to discuss these abstract resolutions all the week,
we will find ai the end of the week" that we have
done nothing except to increase still more the ex-
citement which prevails m this body, and to en-
gerder, iii a still greater degree the spirit of hos-
tility which is novv existing in both Houses of
Coneress. In my opinion, we would find it
wholly impossible at the end of the week to obtain
any adjustment of tho prevailing difficulties. Be-
lieving' this to be the case, and being a sincere
lover of the Union—having no especial confidence
in my own judgment, but very great confidence m
the judgment of those with whom I have consult-
ed, and for whom I entertain a very high 'respect
—I fee! bound to persevere m the motion that I
have made, If it be voted down, let gentlemen
take the responsibility. Sir, here in the Senate,
when a public discussion is sjoinj* on upon cui ex-
citing qut-Mion, when honorable Senators feel au-
thorized to declaim finely on either side in such
a manner as necessarily to awaken feelings of a
character endangering the safety of the republic, it
is unreasonable to expect that, a spirit of compro-
jnise will spring up in our midst; but, sir, send
thirteen of the more discreet members of this body
into a private room, there to confer with each
other calmly and coolly, in the absence^of all ex-
citement, in the absence of every cause of irritation,
and it will result, I believe, in their agreeing upon
some plan of compromise that will settle this ques-
tion ibrever.
Honorable Senators may dispose of this motion
as they please; the responsibility of its rejection, I
repeat, if they reject it, will rest with them. 1 am
decidedly disposed to press the motion, though I
cannot now argue it so forcibly as I would have
been glad to do.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 have no wish to protract
this debate. [ think the Senate will bear me wit-
ness that I have shown no disposition to intro-
duce into our discussions any element of an in-
flammatory nature. I have long since come to
the conclusion that it has an evil tendency, and I
am still less inclined to do it now, as we seem to
be approaching a ciisis of a solemn and poit-
tentous character; for It cannot be otherwise than
highly unfavorable to a deliberate and final settle-
ment of the question. If it were at a distance I
could afford to indulge somewhat in the temper of
the times, but I think the time is past when de
clamation, inflammatory declamation especially,
should be allowed; and I am not one of those who
think that these long protracted speeches are going
to have much effect in the settlement of the ques-
tion. I should like to see the Senate converted
into a conservative body. Whatever may be trie
result of this controversy, let us remain personally
upon good terms. If the gieat calamity ivhich
has been indicated should come about, I should
wish to part without having any unkind personal
feelino- with any member with whom I have been
connected. I have no feeling of the kind. I know
there have been veiy free imputations made upon
some members of this body, especially on some
o-entlemen from the South, but I have made up my
mind, thoroughly made up my mind, and when
that is done it is unnecessary to indulge m any
declamation one way or the other. I shall yield
to no compromise that does not rest on a basis
recognizing, in my opinion, the equality of the
gtates
Mr' FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator
allow'me to sav that if the plan proposed by the
committee should be by them unanimously adopt-
ed he will not be bound to vote for it; although i
am satisfied, from some little knowledge which 1
possess of the feelings of the members of this
body, that no plan of adjustment will be brought
in by any committee that is not fair and honorable
on its face—fair and equal in reference to both
sections of the Confederacy. If tra committee
could not agree upon some such plan as that, they
would make no report at all. If they should de-
vise such a plan, who would not rejoice to see it?
And if it were not in such a shape that we might
adopt it, at least it might be presented for our
modification. Would it not be better to have
some definite plan before us, especially when we
consider that at present all we have to deal with is
abstract resolutions, leading to wild, stormy, and
almost unlimited debate upon topics which are in
the highest degree calculated to excite and distract
the country ? I believe that if such a plan were
submitted to us, gentlemen would consider it I
calmly, and that it would have a gicat tendency to
allay cxcitement. I thmk, too, that the hope of
the adjustment of all these distracting questions
would allay excitement in the other end of the
Capitol. I know '.his to be the opinion of many
of the best men in the other House, without re-
gard to party feelings. They have assured me
that, if we could do anything here towards ar-
ranging these difficulties that would not trench
upon the rights and honor of the South—anything
that would protect the character of the South in
the adoption of a plan inatked with equality, with
biothcrly kindness—if I may use such a term as
that—if any such plan should be adopted here,
and sent to the House of Representatives for adop-
tion there, good might result from it; for I must
say, Mr. President, that by large majority of the
people of this country, the Union is believed to
be in the most imminent danger; and every body
seems solicitous, it' possible, upon any honorable
pretext that may be offered, to aid in saving itfioni
the rum which is now impending.
Sir, the piesent opportunity is a favorable one
in other respects. We learn that only the other
day—last Saturday, I believe—a large meeting
was held in Philadelphia, nt which fanaticism was
rebuked, sieat principles nobly asserted; at which
the true spnit of Amencanism displayed itself so
gloriously as must necessarily have established in
the hearts of all, that love, for our Union which
perhaps was growing very faint in the breasts ot
some portions of the community. I do think
the present occasion is the most favorable, the
present time the most opportune of any that can
possibly be selected, for raising this committee,
and if it could be raised now, and could have the
advantage of hearing all the able speeches ex-
pected shortly to be delivered, they would be
enabled by Satuiday next to report a plan. The
gentleman from South Carolina may shake his
head, but I know what I say; let gentlemen take
the responsibility of voting down the proposition
if they please. I believe they would leport a
plan with which I should be satisfied, and I would
never give up a hair's breadth of the rights,
nor do anything to compromise the honor of the
South. That committee should he composed, not
of ultraists, not of prejudiced men, not of fanat-
ics, but it should be formed of the wise men of
this body; patriotic men—men who dare to .nec-t
faction, and put it down; who dare to risk them-
selves before the country in behalf of the Union.
I would risk my life on their being able to report
a plan which the whole Senate would be willing to :
ratify. Gentlemen Jo not seem to comprehend the |
difference between the action of individuals here i
and thirteen Senators acting in a committee-room, i
Each one then would feel himself sustained by
twelve others. In any proposition of adjustment i
which might be recommended, these thirteen men
of high character, weight, and influence, from every
part^of the republic, would be able to sustain
themselves against the efforts of all tactions to put
them down. "This they would feel,and upon that
feeling they would act with becoming firmness;
and that plan, thus supported, thus backed by high
character, would meet with proper respect here,
and in tho House of Representatives, and through-
out the republic, and we should be saved from
those evils, to which, as a nation, we are, in my
opinion, speedily approaching.
Mr. CLEMENS. How docs the Senator pro-
pose that the committee shall be constituted?
Mr. FOOTE. I propose to refer all questions
connected with this subject to a select committee
of thirteen, to consist of six members from the
South and six from the North—the twelve to ap-
point the thirteenth.
Mr. HUNTER. Who will elect the six south-
ern members?
Mr. FOOTE. The Senate, of course.
Mr7 WALKER. In the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi he lias expressed the be-
lief 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin pardon me for a moment? I propose that the
committee shall consist of three Democrats from the
North and three Whigs from the North, and an
equal number of Whigs and Democrats from the
South.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Missis-
sippi has expressed his strong conviction and firm
belief that if this committee be raised in the man-
ner he proposes, they will be able to propc.se some
plan for the accommodation of these difficulties
with which he at least will be. satisfied. Accom-
panying that remark of the honorable Senator is
the declaration which he has made before the Sen-
ate, that he will not give up one hair's breadth of
the rights of the Sooth. .He construes the rights
of the South for himself, and of course gentlemen
of the North construe the rights of the North for
themselves, and they are standing in opposition to
each other. It appears to me that the declaration
made by the honorable Senator from Mississippi
sounds rather harshly when regarded as coming
from one who is proposing to be a compromiser.
Sir, what does the South claim to be her rights ?
The honorable colleague of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi told us, upon one occasion, what is the
least tha' he will be content toaccept.
Mr. FOOI'E. Will my friend bear with me?
I did hope that the merits of this question would
nor be discussed now. I hope the Senator from
Wisconsin will not embarrass the question by de-
hate at this t>me, which will increase excitement
1 OH this question. I desire that we may be allowed
to make t'lc experiment that I have proposed.
! Mr. WALKER. I am not disposed to do any-
j thing that is calculated to produce excitement; I
1 think I have shown, oil the other hand,some de-
sire. to allay excitement. But I was going on <0
j say that the other honorable Senator from M;ssis-
I sippi [Mr. Davis] gave his explanation the other
; day, and I understood it to be the Missouri com-
j promise line, with a guarantee on the part of Con-
i gress that slave property should be protected south
! of that line. Well, sir, that amounts to the estab-
' lishment of the institution of slavery south of that
j line. Now, if that Senator expressed the views
of the South, if that is theultimatum, and if there
is nothing short of that with which they will be
satisfied, mark my words, you may raise a comr
mittee here, and you may swear them on the Holy
Evangelists to discharge their duty to their coun-
try, to themselves, and to their God, and they
will never biing in a proposition which will be
adopted.
, Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understand the
] Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] to say
j that he did not understand my position.
Mr. WALKER. I spoke of the Senator s po-
[ sition as I understood it, but I believe he has ex-
II plained it several times.
i Mr. DAVIS. My position was, that under the
Constitution of the United States every species of
I property held by citizens of the United. States had
i a ri*ht to g;o into the territory which is the com-
; mon possession of the United States; that was
my position \ then stated, in a spirit of compro-
, mise, that if we could not a^reeupon the question
which now divides the North and tne South the
North insisting thn slave property could not go
into any of the Territories, the South insisting
that it could ao into all the Territories—if no set-
1 tlement could"bs made between these conflicting
opinions, I was willing, in a spirit of
to divide, the territory, waiving the question which
1 is presented between the two sections of the Uni-
ted States, and to say that the Missouri compro-
; mise line be extended to the Pacific, specmcaliy
b recognizing that right which we contend to exist
I in all the territory south of the line 36 30 , and
i giving to the North the territmy north of that line
I'tith slavery prohibited. That was a,distinct
l proposition; that was a distinct compromise
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Not to establish
|i slavery south of the line. ,
!l Mr. DAVIS. No,not to establish slavery; but,
I! as we' could not settle this question during the
