15U
TOO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 3,
" For the reappropriation of the sum carried to the surplus
lund, under head of 6 fulfilling treaties. with the Otto-
was and Chippewas,' .Tune thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
forty-^even, per surplus fund warrant number nineteen,
$2,412 16."
Mr. T. said: The motion made involves the
question of a reappropriation of money carried
to the surplus fund. I regret that I have not
the time to express my opinions on this sub-
ject as full as I would desire. This subject came
up some time since on the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] which alleged that
the sum ot £152,249 had been drawn from the
Tieasury after the same had been carried to the
surplus fund. Since that time I have given the
subject some consideration, and now that the sub-
ject is befoie us, I feel unwilling to allow this op-
portunity to pass without entering my protest
against the decision made by the Secretary of the
Treasury and Comptroller, in withdrawing from
the Treasury $152,000 without authority of law.
I do not believe there has been any official miscon-
duct, nor any corruption; but I do think arms-
construction has been given to the statutes by our
officials, and the committee so believed, and there-
fore this item of reappropnation is inserted. But
the argument furnished the committee deserves a
respectful consideration.
in the year 1795 the surplus fund was constitu-
ted, and all appropriations, except in certain cases
named in the statutes, which have remained un-
expended for more than two years after the act
making them was passed, shall be carried to the
" surplus fund;" and then, in the language of the
statute, "such appropriation shall be deemed to
have ceased and been determined." And as no
money can be drawn from the Treasury without
a previous appropriation by law—to draw money
thus returned to the Treasury, it makes no differ-
ence whatever as to the object of expenditure, is
a usurpation of power, and a violation of the Con-
stitution.
This law creating the surplus fund has existed
since the year 1795, and has never been repealed.
It is true that a modification of it was made in
1820. From the year 1795 up to the year 1820,
whatever amounts were appropriated for any
given object were to be retained as subject to draft
on Lite books of (he Treasury, for two years, al-
though the object for which the appropriation had
been granted had in the mean time been effected. To
obviate this difficulty and probable embanassment,
the statute of 1820 was enacted, by which the
Secietanes of War and Navy were required to re-
poitto the Secretary of the Treasury all sums
remaining unexpended whenever the object for
which the appropriation had been made has been
effected. This act did not repeal the general law
of 1795, but, on the contrary, it only made it
necessary, if the object of an appropriation had
been effected in less time, the money remaining
unexpended should be restored to the Treasuiy
without further delay.
It is a uniform rule of construction, adopted by
every judicial tribunal, that where there is no
nccessary conflict of law, statutes must be so con-
sulted that they may ail harmonize, and be effect-
ive. By the law ot 1795, it was made the abso-
lute duty of the Secretaiy of the Treasury to re-
store to the surplus fund all unexpended balances,
after the appropi ia-tion had stood for more than
two years. By the law of 1820, it was made his
duty to restore the same earlier, if m the mean
time the Secretary of War or the Navy informed
him the objects ot the appropriations for their re-
spective departments had been effected.
As a demonstration that such is the true con-
struction of these statutes, Congress passed a law
m 1822, two years after the passage of the law of
1820, making it imperative that all the money then
to the credit of those departments should be re-
paid into the Treasury of the United States. The
tone and temper of that statute of 1622, convinces
mc that the construction now set up by the Treas-
ury Department, that the law of 1820 had repealed
the law of 1795, had been adopted and acted upon
by the then Secretaires of War and Navy, and it
was passed by Congress as a rebuke of a construc-
tion of jaw which Congress then deemed might
lead to corruption.
The whole policy of this law is apparent, that
each Congress should have the entire control of
the Treasuiy for the two years of their exigence,
and be of course responsible to the people for its
management.
But the officers of the Treasury are correct in
their interpretation of the law, that so far as ap-
propiiations made for the War and Navy Depart-
ments are involved, the law of 1795 was repealed
by the statute of 1820. Yet, it seems difficult
to understand how the money could be drawn from
the Treasury after it had actually been repaid into
the Treasury, and carried to the account of the
surplus fund.
Mr. SWEETSER here interposed, and desired
to know how the Committee of Ways and Means
came into possession of the facts?
Mr. THOMPSON continued: Soon after the
discussion which took place in this House, in ref-
erence to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
to raise a special committee to examine into the
very subject now under consideration, the Secre-
tary of the Interior replied to the interrogatories
previously made.
The case which gave rise to all this inquiry is
the removal of the Seminole Indians. The facts
are few, and may be briefly stated. In 1832 the
United States made a treaty with the Seminole In-
dians, at Payne's Landing, by which we agreed
to remove the Indians west of the Mississippi
river within three years. From time to time ap-
propriations were made for this object. On the
30th June, 1847, the amount of unexpended bal-
ances of these appropriations, being $152,249 94,
was regularly carried to the surplus fund. In
December, 1849, the said sum was drawn from
the Treasury, without any appropriation by Con-
gress, and it is presumed that the same has been
applied to the objects for which it was originally
designed.
The ground assumed by the Treasury officers
is, that this money was erroneously carried to the
surplus fund, and as error, they have made this
sum of money subject to the draft of the Secretary
of the Interior. Even if you admit that the Secre-
tary of War in 1847 committed an error in resto-
ring this money to the Treasury, still the fact
exists that it was repaid, and that it had remained
in the Treasury for more than two years. Could
this money be reached after that lapse of time,
without a reappropriation? If it could, then there
is no limit as to the time when other sums can be
reached in the same way. The sum thus within
the discretion of the Secretary, is very large, and
the power possessed is most dangerous, and no
individual, however pure, should be invested with
a discretionary power so unlimited. So, if I be
wrong in the construction of this statute, still all
must agree with me as to the impropriety of draw-
ing money from the Treasury after it has been
reguiaily received into it, without the authority of
law.
I have said thus much, simply to present my
own opinions on a mooted and interesting subject.
As I approve of the reappropriation from the
surplus fund contained in the bill, and think the
very passage of this bill will adopt by Congress
my constiuction of the law, and condemn that of
the Treasury Department, 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. FITCH renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of correcting the report of some remarks
of his, as published in the Globe. The great
wonder, he said, was, that any remarks made in
the House could be reported with anything like
accuracy, amid the noise and confusion that gen-
erally prevailed.
The inaccuracy which he was about to notice,
was a matter of very little moment to the House,
or to the country; but as it involved a statement of
facts, he desired that the statement should be cor-
rect. He was made to say—
The agent fnr oiip tribe acts as the aaent of another.
There are no sub-agences among these Indians. If a Irjbe
tails into decay, and diminishes down to a lew individuals,
the agent will not admit the fact. He will contrive to pick
up some straggling remnant of the tribe to become hi# sub-
agent, and they will receive the amount of the appropria-
tion, and divide it between them."
What he had said was, that there was no sub-
agent for any one tribe—that the same sub-ageat
acted for several tribes; aud further, that when any
one of the tribes run out—becamc extinct, and Con-
gress appropriated money for that tribe, the sub-
agent might not leport the fact of its extinction, but
that he might find some individual or individuals
who would not be unwilling to call themselves or
be esteemed descendants and representatives of the
tribe, if the sub-agent would divide the money
with them, to be applied to their own private pur-
He had stated further, that the object of
the proviso was, to require that it should be ascer-
tained, before the payment of the money appro-
priated, whether this tribe of Indians existed aa
a tribe. If not, the money ought to be left in the
Treasury.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed the amendment, and
said that the object he had in calling upon the gen-
tleman from Mississippi for the information which
he had received from the First Auditor of the
Treasury, was, to know whether the facts which
he had hitherto charged in a resolution, were
admitted to be true.
It was now admitted that the Secretary of the
Treasury had taken from the surplus fund one hun-
dred and fifty-four thousand dollars, which had
accrued, and actually transferred to said fund under
the provisions of the act of 1795; which act had a
general application to all appropriations which
were unexpended for the period of two years after
the appropriation had been made by Congress.
Theofficersof thelate Administration weie driven
to the wall. Not being able to withhold the fact
charged, of using the money without authority of
law, they had fallen back from the explanation here-
tofore given in this House, that it was the mere
correction of an error in book-keeping, to the
provisions of the act of 1820, which had applica-
tion to the War and Navy Departments, and never
were understood to apply to the miscellaneous
appropriations made by Congress.
The assumption, to help the department out of
the dilemma into which their own acts have pre-
cipitated them, that the act of 1820 repeals the act
of 1795, is an absurdity that will not avail. It will
be recollected that the same officers who perpetra-
ted the act complained of, appealed to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to include in the appro-
priation in the current year, an item to cover the
amount which had thus beefi unlawfully with-
drawn.
No man who respects himself or his opinions,
will in this House contend that the act of 1795
was repealed by the act of 1820. The assumption
that such is the effect of the act of 1820, is intended
for present purposes.
Sir, the evil complained of is important. The
country looks to Congress as the custodian of the
Treasury. And the tendency of the executive
branch of the Government to reach out and airo-
gate to themselves power which properly belongs
to the representative branch of the Government,
should alarm the country. The Treasury has been
guarded by repeated acts of Congress, which clear-
ly admonish the executive branch of the Govern-
ment that Congress intends to hold the money of
the country subject to specific appropriation, and
that any act which contravenes legislation upon
that subject will not be received with favor.
Sir, there is in the Treasury about five millions
of money which has accrued to the surplus fund
under said act of 1795. If we sanction this act of
usurpation, we may as well yield up all control
over the Treasury. I do not intend to make such
a surrender, neither do I intend to permit the per-
version of the act of 1820, or permit a resort to
such a subterfuge to avail a delinquent public
officer.
I am well satisfied with the exposition which
has this day been made. It is well known that
the act of 1820 was intended to prevent certain
abuses which had grown up in the Treasury De-
partment, in withdrawing from the Treasury ap-
propriations, within the two years, and make spe-
cial deposites, to be used at their convenience; and
to make the act of 1795 more stringent.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER renewed the amendment,
(pro forma.) He had no intention to occupy the
attention of the committee for five minutes; but
he could not refrain from entering his solemn pro-
test against the charge which had been made, and
reiterated by the gentleman from Ohio, against the
late Secretary of the Treasury. Sincc that gen-
tleman had been foiled m his attempt to obtain a
committee to investigate this charge, he had more
than once repeated that he had found something
in the conduct of the late Secretary which was
deserving of censure. Instead of endorsing the
charge made by the gentleman from Ohio, the
House had adopted a resolution calling on the
Treasury Department for full information, not
only in reference to this particular transaction, but
