1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
institution of slavery; to which an amendment has
been offered securing; to the inhabitants of the re-
cently acquired territories all the privileges and
liberties which were secured to the inhabitants of
the Northwestern Territory by the ordinance of
July 17, 17b7. 1 read only the latter part of the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi.
Now, it is perfectly evident that we are called
upon to vote upon the great questions involved in
this matter in this summary and off-hand manner.
Are we prepared to do this? WiH not this be the
effect, to commit those six gentlemen from the
North who may deem it desirable at some future
time to modify their views? Those very gentle-
men whom it may be desirable to place upon this
committe will vote pro or con upon this very ques-
tion—upon the most exciting part of it. The ef-
fect will unquestionably be to commit—and to
commit irretrievably and in a summary and direct
mode—those gentlemen upon this great question.
I submit, with great respect, that such a course is
unwise; that the result is likely to produce harm
rather than good. Why not tarry a little? Let
us wait a little; let us have the light of the minds
of other gentlemen who are disposed to give us
their opinions upon this question—fori understand
that there are several gentlemen on the other side
of the chamber who are desirous of speaking.
Let us hear what they have to say to us. This mat-
ter may surely be discussed as temperately before
the appointment of a committee as after. Why
appoint this committee now, before gentlemen have
expressed their views? Why not rather end the
discussion, sum up the whole matter to the jury,
and then send them out to consider their verdict?
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend allow me simply
to say, as I have said before, that the agnation
which prevails is tending rapidly to a dissolution
of the Union, and this agitation will continue for
months if some plan be not adopted to check it.
Mr. DAYTON. Well, in that matter there is
only a difference of opinion between the honorable
Senator ftom Mississippi and myself. I do not
apprehend the evil which he does from this talk
about dissolving the Union. It is not so frail a
thing. I have greater confidence than that m the
ligament which binds us together. It will never
be talked away.
Mr. CLEMENS. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. I fear the ligaments which bind us together
are loosening every day, and for that reason, more
than any other, i am ready to vote for this lesolu-
tion. If we talk for three weeks longer it is not
in the power of man to save the Union.
Mr. DAYTON. That is merely a difference of
opinion. Certain of our friends on this side of the
chamber are desirous of expressing their views
and sentiments on this subject. That i3 ail. But
if I understand this proposition, it is not to stop
debate. Not at all. Why, there are many of the
friends of the honorable Senators from Mississippi
and Alabama on that side of the chamber who are
desirous of presenting their views calmly, deliber-
ately, and quietly; and they are desirous, I sup-
pose, of presenting those views before this plan is
reported. To take judgment and then debate the
subject, seems to me objectionable..
Mr. FOOT. In my opinion the most pressing
danger is that some of our friends are now urging
most earnestly the adoption of a specific measure
which is extremely offensive to the South. So
long as that measure is pressed, as it is being
pressed elsewhere than here, and even here to
some extent, the public mind will be kept excited;
it will grow more and more excued the more and
more this proposition is pressed, if a general
plan were reported by the committee, this ques-
tion would be relieved from its present distinct
character, and intermingled with the various other
propositions of compromise and adjustment; and
the public mind, as well as this hall, would
thus be freed from one fruitful cause of excitement.
Mr. DAYTON. I have no doubt that the
Senator from Mississippi exercises his calm, de-
liberate, and patriotic judgment in reference to this
matter; but, as I said before, there is a difference
of opinion on this question; and,I ask again, if
we are called on to vote as to the application of
the ordinance of 1787 now, what is there left for
us to say on the question of compromise or ad-
justment? I do not desire to consume further j
time in the discussion of this subject. An impor-
tant amendment, to this resolution has been offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator from
New Jersey can move that amendment now.
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly not; that was not
the purpose of my remark. The Senator from
New Hampshire offered that amendment, and
probably desires to say something upon it. At
all events, he desires to vote upon it; and he could
not have anticipated that this question would have
been taken up to-day.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 told him distinctly that I should
call it up to-day. Perhaps he does not desire to
be present.*
Mr. DAYTON. I think he was not desirous of
being absent when this question is taken. What-
ever may be the merits or demerits of that Sena-
tor, he will never shirk this question. I will war-
rant he will stand up to the square upon it. It is
one that I think he will be particularly anxious to
vote upon.
I do not desire to consume the time of the Sen-
ate by discussing the question further, and will
move to lay the whole matter on the table for the
present.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion for a moment?
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire merely to say, Mr.
President, that I do not find the difficulty referred
to by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Day-
ton.] Here is a motion to raise a committee
for the purpose expressed in that motion to
which an amendment has been offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] The
adoption of that amendment would be the de-
struction of the original resolution. You propose
to raise a committee who are to mature a plan of
compromise upon all the questions in relation to
slavery* The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] proposes to amend that motion by instruct-
ing the committee to adopt the extreme of the ul-
traists on one side of this question. You raise them
with general and undefined power to mature a
scheme or plan ofcompromise, and then, by the
adoption of the amendment you take away from
them ail discietion whatever, and require them to
adopt the ultra extreme proposition of one of the
parties between whom that compromise is to be
made. The question, therefore, whether gentle-
men would be disposed, in an act of legislation, to
vote for or against the Wilmot proviso, is a ques-
tion which cannot arise in this resolution. Gen-
tlemen who believe that the Wilmot proviso ought
to be attached to territorial bills, may well re-
fuse to vote for the amendment of the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] be-
cause it takes away the discretion which it is the
object of the original resolution to give to this
committee. It takes away from them all possibil-
ity of fulfilling the purpose for which the commit-
ter is raised. Therefore, no gentleman who votes
for that amendment is committed upon that ques-
tion ; he is not committed when it comes up as a
substantive act of legislation. I cannot conceive
this difficulty can possibly arise ; but I have a dif-
ficulty upon the propriety of adopting this resolu-
tion at this time ; and 1 appeal to the Senator from
Mississippi to allow at least the interval between
this and to-morrow to elapse for the purpose of
giving us an opportunity of considering this mat-
ter. There are considerations which recommend
such a course very strongly.
Mr. FOOTE. I will not press the motion at
this time, if it be the desire of the Senate that it
shall be deferred.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will move then, if it do not
interfere with the views of the honorable Senator,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate ad journed.
*We are requested by Mr. Foote to say that
he did not design to charge Mr. Hale with skulk-
ing from responsibility. He only meant to be un-
derstood as asserting that Mr. Hale might have
offered' his amendment if he had been in his place,
which he was not. Neither did Mr. Foote con-
sider himself as pledged to Mr. Hale to allow the
latter to offer his amendment, except to Mr. Ben-
ton's resolution. This statement Mr. F. deems
proper, in order to exonerate himself from the
charge of not having kept full faith with Mr. H.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February*26, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part.
Mr. BR1GGS moved that the further reading
be dispensed with. *
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
unanimous consent.
Objections were made from several parts of the
hall.
The reading having been then concluded, the
Journal was approved.
Mr. SAWTBLLE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw certain papers
from the files of the House.
Mr. BURT sud,that the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Sawtelle] could accomplish his object un-
der the rule. He (Mr. B.) should, therefore, in-
sist on the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
can effect his object by handing in a memorandum
to the Clerk.
The regular business (continued the Speaker)
is the call of the committees for reports.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees, in their order, for
REPORTS.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the following bill and joint reso-
lution; which were severally read twice by their
titles and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, viz :
A bill to increase the rank and file of the army
and to encourage enlistments; and
A joint resolution to restore the settlement of
the three months' extra pay claims to the account-
ing officers of the Treasury.
On motion by Mr. BURT, the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Z. Fuller and other citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a law
granting bounty to the United States army and
volunteers who served in the Seminole war in
Florida; and it was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. B also, from the same committee, reported,
an amendment to the bill to regulate brevet rank
and retire disabled officers; which was ordered to
be printed and refer.ul to the same committee on
the state of the Union to which the bill on that
subject had been referred.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, from the
Committee .on Military Affairs, reported a bill for
the relief of Charles Lee Jones, which was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee of
the whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
William P. Wallace and Joseph R. McFadin;
which was read twice by its title and referred to
the Committee of the whole House, and ordered to
be printed with the report accompanying.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
the Committee on Naval Affairs was discharged
from the further consideration of the following
memorials, and they were referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, viz:
The memorial of the legal representatives of
John Jackson, deceased, for a pension for the loss
of his arm; and
The petition of Richard Robinson, of Duchess
county, New Yoik*, praying relief for wounds re-
ceived in the naval service m the war of 1812, '13
i and '14.
BOUNTY LAND TO SAILORS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill granting
bounty lands and extra pay to the sailors actually
engaged in the war with Mexico, whether in the
Gulf of Mexico or on the Pacific ocean; which
being twice read by its title,
Mr. S. moved that the bill be read a third time
and put on its passage.
Mr. McGAUGHEY objected to its consider-
ation then. He could see no good reason why
this bill should have a preference over a similar
bill, providing bounty for those who served in the
.war of Then,
On motion by Mr. STANTON, the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Horatio
