1850.
THE CONGRE8SK)"NAL GLOBE.
mn
^covering all acts of this kind under every Admin-
istration, and by all the Secretaries. Now, after
the adoption of this resolution, before any reply
has been received, it was a great departure from
courtesy to use language conveying an implication
that the Secretary had been guilty of any impro-
priety in his official conduct. He repelled the
common salvo resorted to on these occasions, that
nothing was meant. He presumed the gentleman
from Ohio would not contend that charges of this
serious character could mean nothing. Andwhen
that gentleman violated the rules of courtesy so
far as to make and repeat these charges, and then
shelters himself behind this salvo, it was perhaps
only just to him to presume that he does mean
nothing.
Mr. SWEETSER said he meant just what he
had said this morning—that the action was not
authorized by law.
Mr. CHANDLER ("resuming) said, the House
had already decided this matter, by calling on the
Secretary for information as to all his official acts
in this and similar subjects. During the interval
before a reply is received, it is undignified, to say
the least, to throw out these insinuations. He did
not wish to proceed further with these remarks,
but would simply ask for the reading of the amend-
ment.
Mr. WHITE renewed the amendment, and in-
sisted upon a vote.
The question was taken, and theamendment was
rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the fol-
lowing amendment, to be added at the end of the
bill:
" For cariying into rffect the treaty of 1846 with the In-
dian u ifoes of Texas, ami lo enable the United Sialic to pre-
serve peace with said tribes—the sum to be expended under
the direction of the Seeietary of the Interior, $15,000."
He sent up to the Clerk, by whom it was read,
the letter of the Secretary of War showing the
necessity of the appropriation asked for. He
briefly explained, that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs recommended an appropriation of $10,000;
the Committee on Indian Affairs, m consideration !
of the great delay which had taken place, and after
consultation with the delegation from Texas,
had increased the sum to $15,000—to be appro-
priated under the trea'y of May, 1846, as made by
Butler and Lewis with the various Indian tubes of
Texas. Ten thousand dollars of this sum was
immediately necessary; it ouyht long since to have
been paid, and, if paid, would perhaps have pre-
vented many of the evils which had resulted from
the failure of the Indians to fulfill their part of the
treaty, which failure they contended had arisen
from the previous failure of the United States to
execute their part of the treaty. The amendment
was unanimously reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs. He did not deem any further ex-
planation neccssary.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed it, and said, he re-
gretted to be obliged again to trouble the House;
but, for the third time, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had made a personal attack upon him,
(Mr. S ,) and had wholly perverted 
Mr. WHITE interposed, and made the point of i
order, that the gentleman was out of order, and !
must confine his remarks to the amendment before
the committee.
Mr. SWEETSER. I will keep in order. Sir,
are gentleman on that side of the House, for the
sake of any feeling they may have cfor a retired
Secretary, against whom I have never made a
charge, except such as his public acts involve 
Mr. S I'ANLY. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina rises to a point of order. The gentleman
.will state his point of order.
Mr. STANLY. 1 ask the Chair to say wheth-
er the gentleman is in order.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore (Mr. Brown, of
Mississippi) said, that were it not for the latitude
of debate which had previously been allowed, the
Chair would certainly rule the gentleman from
Ohio out of order; but the present occupant of the
chair did not feel himself authorized, contrary to
the uniform practice of the committee, to rule the
gentleman from Ohio out of order.
Mr. STANLY. Does the Chair decide the
gentleman from Ohio to be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. STANLY appealed, and insisted upon his
appeal, remarking that they had enough of this
irregular debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee
Mr. DUER inquired if the g-e'ntleman from Ohio
had not previously made one five-minutes' speech
upon this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN replied, not at all; and again
stated hi«* decision.
Mr. STANLY called for the reading of the 34th
rule.
The rule was read.
"No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House, or in committee ; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com.
mittee, may open and close the debate: Piovided.-that where
debute is closed by order of the House, any member fhall be
allowed, in committee, five minutes to explain any amend-
ment he may offer.5'
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the remarks of Mr. Sweetser were decided to be
out of order.
The question recurred, and was taken upon the
amendment, and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, under instruc-
tions from the Committeeon Indian Affairs, moved
the following amendment, to come in at the end
of the bill:
"For expenses of holding treaties with the Tndian tribes
of Oregon for an extinguishment of their claims to lands-
lying we«;t of the Cascade mountains, authorized by the act
of Congress of the 5th of June, 18,50, the same being in
addition to the appiopriation made by that act, $15,000."
Mr. J., in explanation of the amendment, sent
up to the Clerk's table, where if was read, a com-
munication from the Indian Department showing
the necessity of the appropnation. He also added
that, according; to information derived from that
department, there were now within the limits of
Oregon about forty Indian tribes; that the expenses
attending the negotiation of an Indian treaty were
considerable any whei e, but were necessarilv moie
than ordinary in Oregon; that a large portion of
this anpropriation was necessary to sustain the
vorious delegations during the time the treaty was
in progress of negotiation; that, according to the
statement submitted from the Indian bureau, and
explained to him by the chief clerk of that bureau,
$20,000 out of the original appropriation of
$2$,000 would be requiied to support the agen-
cies, and for the usual contingent expenses; and
that the additional $15,000 asked*'for, was to be
used in making and concluding treaties for the
lands west of the. Cascade Mountains. The ex-
planation had been submitted by the Commission-
er of Indian Affairs to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; it had been deemed ample hy them, and
they had unanimously reported in favor of the ap-
propriation.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, under similarin-
structions, reported the following amendment:
" F<>r expenses of removing the Pottawatomie?, and Sacs
and Foxes, from fowd we^t o( the M«*-ivippi liver, to their
own land*, aareeablv to the term5? of a contract entered into
bv R revet Mt]orS. Woods, United Siates Army: Pro>-iiied,
hnvever, Thattlie same shall be. deducted trom and paid out
of the annuities fro rata of said tribes, $2,000.
Mr. J. said, he held in his hands a bundle of
papers, explanatory of a difficult affair, and of the
necessity for this small appropriation. It would
consume time to read them; he would explain
their substance, as he, with the Committee on In-
dian Affans, had maturely examined them. Two
facts would satisfy the House of the propriety, as
well as wisdom of this appropriation. It was to
provide means to fulfill a contract made, by which
about four hundred Indians were to be transported
four hundred miles to their own lands, (from
which they had run away,) at the rate of $3 50
per head. It was a most admirable and extraor-
dinary contract, for we have been in the habit of
paying from thirty to forty and sixty and seventy
dollars per head for the same service. Again, this
money came not, in the end, from the Treasury,
but from the annuities of the Indians themselves.
No one could now object. He would only say,
that honor might be given to whom honor is due,
that this most troublesome and difficult matter had
been conducted and consummated by Brevet Ma-
jor Woods, (Sam Woods) of the United States
Army, an admirable soldier, a nobleand estimable
gentleman, an honor to the service and his coun-
try.
The question was taken and the amendment
was agreed to,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, under similar
instructions, offered the following amendment.
" For medals for Indian chiefs, $1,500."
Mr. J., in explanation of this amendment, af-
ter having caused to be read the communication
from the Indian bureau, showing its necessity,
stated that it had been the uniform custom every
four years, upon a new President coming into
office, to make an appropriation providing for cast-
ing of medals with the inscription of the head of the
President upon them, to be presented to the chiefs
and other distinguished and meritoiious individ-
uals of the different Indian tribes, to give them
some impression of the countenance and appear-
ance of their Great Father, the President of the
United States. If they should refuse to follow
this course at this time, it might perhaps be con-
sidered discourteous to the present President.
The amount was small. He had consented to
vote for it, though he did not know but the House
might refuse to.
Mr. BAYLY inquired whether upon any of the
prior medals the Indians had had the image of
General Taylor; for he thought there ought not to
be a hiatus in which that would be lost to them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, replied, that med-
als had been struck with the head of General
Taylor upon them.
Mr. CROWELL. Several hundred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. And the object
contemplated by the bureau, is to have them recast,
with the head of the present Chief Magistrate
upon them.
Mr. BAYLY. Then the Indians will not re-
ceive any with the head of General Taylor?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Only those
which have been distributed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, referred to
the last general appropriation bill, showing that it
contained an appropriation of $2,500 for medals for
the Indians. This, he said, was at the time when
General Taylor came into office; this amendment
was intended to make a similar provision in regard
to Mr. Fillmore, at this time.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, under similar in-
structions, moved the following amendment:
" For expenses of procuiiitg information and collecting sta-
tistics necessary to the Indian Bureau, and for making
treaties with, and pi events to, the various tribes of Indians
leading within the limit* of the United Slates, upon the
border^ of Mexico, §o0j000.'J
Mr. BAYLY said he would move to amend the
amendment by re'ducmg the proposed appropria-
tion to the sum of ^25,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he had con-
tented himself with the reading of the papers in
explanation of the amendment, and should not
now avail himself of the five minutes allowed him
by the rule.
Mr. BAYLY said that, according to the letters
which had been read, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs himself had expressed the opinion that the
sum of $25*000 would, with proper economy, be
an ample appropriation. Such being the case, he
(Mr. B.) did not see the necessity of appropriating
a higher sum.
Mr. HALL moved an amendmentto the amend-
ment, striking out $25,000, and inserting $1,000.
Some conversation followed on a point of Older;
after which—
Mr. BAYLY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HALL was then understood to move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Johnson,] by striking out the sum
of $25,000, and inserting $500.
Mr. HALL said, every one would concur in the
importance of procuring all the information which
could be obtained in relation to these Indian uibes
which had come under our jurisdiction in conse-
quence of the recent treaty with Mexico. If
money must be appropriated for this purpose, let
it be appropriated in a manner calculated to obtain
the information that was needed. The plan pro-
posed he legarded as utterly worthless for the pur-
pose. The only way to obtain knowledge of the
Indian character was by going to live among the
Indians, and becoming familiar, -from aecouats
