422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
N. Crabb; which was referred to the Committee I
of the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered !
to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, also, from the same committee,
reported the following; bills, which were severally
read twice by their- fides and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, viz:
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Sarah Duncan,
widow of Silas Duncan, late master commandant
in the United States Navy; and
A bill for-the relief of the sureties of Benjamin
F. Hart.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
Mr. WHITE also, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs; reported a joint resolution requiring
the Secretary of the Navy to enter into contract
for the supply of American water-rotted hemp,
for the use of the navy, with George W. Billings;
which was twice read by its title, with a view to
commitment.
Mr.WHITE also, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which had been relerred the joint
resolution heretofore introduced by Mr. More-
head, being a joint resolution in relation to the
purchase of water-rotted hemp for the use of the
American Navy, reported tiie same back, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WHITE said he was instructed by the
committee to ask that the resolutions be now put
upon their passage.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions will be read.
The second resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives cf the
United States of Omenta in Congrats assembled, Tli.it the
Sec-remry of the Navy bo, and he is hereby required, in pro-
curing the hemp wnich may be necessary tor naval purp<x-p,
to pmcimse Ameucan wnter-rotted hemp alone, or such
otht*r AmMieun hemp as the navy may wish, either by open
purchase or under comiact, as to him may appear advan-
tageous to the public interet-t: Provided} the same can b': had
Of equal quality with the be-t foreign hemp, and at a price
not «>xceedin  the average price of foieign hemp foi the five
year* piecrding ttie passage of the joint re-oluuoa ri"-p< et-
mg contract loi iwutp fui the u*e of llie American Navy,
approved Ma\ 9th, 18-18.
2dL Be it further ra>oh<ed, That hereafter the Sccietary
of the Navy, in advetUMus for niareriaN lor tiie navy, shM!
adveitif-e lor cordage, bfiil-cloth, ami dut k, manufactured m
the United Stat* s, out ol Amr;mati ec.ttou Oi hemp; and in
receiving bids-, m ail ca?«- give the piefercnce to the
American manuUeturer: Fiovu'ed, the same be in ail res-
pects equal to the foreign article.
JVIr. WHITE said that there was a report ac-
companying the iesolutions, which he desired
might be ordered to be pi inter), notwithstanding
that the resolutions might be passed.
The resolutions were tl.en lcud
The SPEAICr.it amd tbnf the question would
be on the engrossment thaicof.
Mr. GER11Y o/Feicd the following amendment,
which was read: k'Aod that the test of water-rot-
ted hemp shall be ivusr-d from 4,200 pounds to 4, ICO
pounds on a rope 1^ inches in diameter."
Mr. WHITE demanded the previous question.
The SPEAKER said thegentleman from Maine
[Mr. Gerry] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WHITS intimated his readiness to accept
the amendment, and asked the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said that he
understood the gentleman from Alain?* [Mr
Gerry] offered this as an amendment to the origi-
nal resolution under the authority of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and that properly, it ought
to have been reported by (he gentleman from New
York, [Mr. White ] The mistake (Mr, S. was
understood to say) had, he supposed, arisen from
the fact that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Gerry] had offered the amendment in commit-
tee.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he regretted exceed-
ingly that the gentleman over the way [Mr.
Gerry] had thought proper to offer an amendment
of this character to the resolution which he (Mr.
M.) had intiodueed. He was sure that if the
genllenun from Maine, or if the members of this
House understood t'ie purport of the resolution,
they would see that there was no necessity for the
adoption of the amendment proposed.
Mr. GERRY (iii'e:posi'i^) was understood to
say that he had reported the amendment under the
instructions of the Committee on iVuval Affairs.
Mr. MOREHEAD continued. Kg regretted
that the committee s hou'd third: proper to nu.ke a
discrimination against our owi hemp' to the extent
of two hundred pounds, thus requiring- it to be
two hundred pounds better than the best foreign
hemp. What more could the Government ask than
that our own farmers who raised hemp should
make it equal to the best foreign article that was
in the market? He trusted that the standard
would not be raised. He believed that the Amer-
ican farmer could stand this increased test, but
there was no necessity to raise the test, when the
resolution required that the domestic hemp should
be equal to the best foreign article.
Mr. GREEN moved that the resolutions and
amendments be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The matter
was an important one, and involved a subject
of deep interest to the State which he represented.
Mr. G. said he would give way at the request
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
who desired to eay a few words.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he desired
tq say a word in reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Morlhead.] That
gentleman seemed to be under the impression that
the addition of two hundred pounds to the forty-
two hundred which had heretofore been- the test
for hemp for the use of the navy, was a discrimi-
nation against our own country. If gentlemen
would look at the tests heretofore applied by the
Navy Department to American hemp, they would
find that many samples of that hemp had gone up
to a test as high as forty-six hundred; and,
although the discrimination required the Ameri-
can hemp to be stronger and better than any for-
eign hemp had hitheito been, yet facts were in
existence m the Navy Department to show that the
American hemp was able to bear the test. And
it was for the purpose of showing that American
was better than foreign hemp, (a fact which had
never before been conceded or believed,) and be-
cause the committee were satisfied that the former
would stand the increased test, that they were
induced to adopt the amendment introduced by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Gerry.]
Mi. STROiNG mterpused and said that, with
the permission of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] he (Mr. Strokg) wished to ask
a question. It was this: In what lespect did the
first resolution repoued by the committee differ
from the joint resolution parsed m 1848.' and it U
did not differ,where was the necessity for the pas-
sage of such a resolution ?
Mr. Si ANTON. In leply to the inquiry of
the gentleman hom Pennsylvania, [Air. Strong,]
1 will state, that lie will find that the resolution
now before the House is peremptory in its char-
acter, lequirmg the Secretary of the Navy to pur-
chase American hemp; whilst the lesolution of
lt>46 r- quired him to do so if in his judgment it
.should be expedient. And the case seems to have
been that the Secretary of the Navy never did
think it expedient to purcnasc American hemp.
Mr. HALL, (to the Speaker.) Is an amend-
ment to the resolution m order?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
becausc the motion to commit is the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. HALL said he had understood the gentle-
man trom Missouri [Mr. Green] to withdraw
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand.
Mr. HALL. Then I will call the attention of
the House to the fact that, m the first of the joint
resolutions, the Secretary ot the Navy is required
to purchase American hemp only in case he can
purchase it at a price not exceeding the average
s,um paid for foieign hemp lor the last five years
preceding 1848. But in the second resolution no
such limit is specified; and the Secretary of ths
Navy may make the purchase no matter what the
price may be. i hope, therefore, that, if the
House should determine that the joint resolutions
shall not be committed, but shah be put upon
their passage, an amendment to the second reso-
lution wilt be adopted, making it similar in all re-
spects to the first—that is to say, that the Secre-
tary of the Navy shall purchase &ail-cioth, &c., of
American manufacture, provided it can be pur-
chased at a pi ice not exceeding that heretofore
paid for the foreign aiuclc.
Mr. EVANS, of Maiyland, ucsired to be in-
formed what the reason cf the committee was for
dc^nmg to mciea^e the teat'
Mr. ST ANION, of Tennessee, replied that the
committee were satis/led that tiie American hemp
furnished the navy would stand the test of 4,600
pounds. The object was to increase the quality
of the article, and to show that the American
hemp would bear a test greater than any foreign
hemp.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, wished to know if
the bill, as reported, increased the test upon for-
eign hemp?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. EYANS. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Morehead] seemed to think that the in-
creased test was to be made to apply only to do-
mestic hemp.
Mr. STANTON, (continuing.) I think that
was the intention of it. I did not notice the phra-
seology particularly. I am very sure that it ought
to apply to foreign as well as to domestic hemp.
Mr. EVANS. [ call for the reading of the
resolution.
It was read, as above.
Mr. EVANS. Gentlemen see that it applies
to foreign as well as to domestic hemp.
Mr. MARSHALL. No.
Mr. EVANS. Certainly. It says so express-
ly. I want to introduce nothing at all to militate
against American hemp: on the contrary I wish
to do eveiything to bring it into use in the navy
and elsewhere. It is a test which will apply
equally to all hemp.
A few words of further conversation occurred
between Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. EVANS of
Maryland, upon the extent to which the test was
to apply.
Mr. BAYLY said, as gentlemen did not seem to
understand each other about this resolution, to
leave them time to examine it, he would move that
the rules be suspended, and the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
| the Union.
Mr. GERRY appealed to®the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw the motion, in order to ena-
ble him (Mr. G.) to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, appealed to the gen-
tleman from Virginia to waive his motion so as to
aliow the resolution to be referred and printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
resolution and amendments will be priated.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. And referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. That question will be pend-
ing.
Mr. WHITE. I hope the resolution will not
be referred. There is an obvious necessity for act-
ing upon the subject immediately.
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, the
resolution and amendments will be considered to
be ordered to be printed.
No objection was made.
THE ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The motion of Mr. Bayly being agreed to, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky,
m the Chair,) arid resumed the consideration of
jj the series of resolutions proposing to distribute the
jj President's annual message among the several
11 committees of the House.
j Mr. MILLSON (who was entitled to the floor
jj from a former day) lesumed and concluded his re-
i! marks. [His speech will be found in the Anpen-
|id«.]
ij Mr. M. having concluded—
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor, but yielded to
1 Mr. H1BBARD.
' FUNERAL OF GEN. McNEIL.
| Mr. IIIBBARD said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 am informed that the Senate
j have voted to adjourn at two o'clock, for the pur-
| pose of affording gentlemen an opportunity to at-
| tend the funeral obsequies of Gen. John McNeil,
of New Hampshire, which are to lie observed in
this city to-day, at that hour, with military
honors.
, I propose, sir, to move that we adopt the same
j course. It seems to the delegation fiorn our
State, and toother members of "the Mouse with
. whom we have conferred, that it would be but a
fitting tribute to the memory of an officer so widely
| distinguished, so eminently patriotic as General
McNeil.
The hand of death lias just stricken him down
'■ suddenly in our midst, while temporarily in this
i city, in the fu'hiess of his glory, if not of his
years. He. needs no eulogy from me. 1 shall
