IMS
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.
<%
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
providing that the bills reported frqm the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia shall be made the
special order of the day for the third Friday of
August, and each day thereafter until said bills
shall be disposed of.
Objections were made.
Mr. BROWN moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion of the
gentleman was not now in order, as a prior motion
to suspend was pending.
Mr. WHITE inquired if it would be in order-
to move to suspend the rules, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER replied that such a motion was
not in order,.pending a previous motion to suspend
the rulea.
There was now a motion pending* made when
the House adjourned on Monday last, by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] that the
rules of the House be (suspended to enable him to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the admission of
California as a State.
Mr. PRESTON KING. Upon that question
J demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit this for the con-
sideration of the Chair: whether when a motion
to suspend the rules is made, and the question is
not taken, it does not fall by adjournment? I am
sure that was the decision in former Congresses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has held other-
wise. There may be precedents on both sides; but
the Chair thinks the gentleman from North Caro-
lina will find the fact to be as the Chair will state:
Until the lust Congress the motion to suspend the
rules was in order every day in the week; and-
whenever the House adjourned pending such a
motion it came up the morning following. During
the last Congress the rule was altered so as to per-
mit the motion to suspend the rules to be made
only upon Monday; and since that time it has
been held by my predecessor and by myself, that
the motion when made on Monday and not acted
upon, does not come up on the following day,
(because the motion to suspend is not in order ex-
cept on Monday,) but on the following Monday.
The Chair entertains no doubt upon the question.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I will not take an appeal;
but as the House is thin I move a call of the
House.
The question being on the motion for a call of
the House, was taken, and
The SPEAKER announced that the noes ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and riays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 38, nays 120.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurring upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules to enable the gentleman from Indi-
ana to ask leave to introduce a bill for the admis-
sion of California—
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PRESTON KING desired to inquire of the
Chair whether this was not resolution day, and
being so, whether upon a motion for leave to in-
troduce a bill to admit California, made by either
of the gentlemen from Wisconsin, the bill could
not be introduced by the vote of a majority ?
The SPEAKER replied, that this was resolution J
day; and when the States were called, a gentle-
man obtaining the floor when his State was called, j
who had given previous notice, could ask leave to 1
introduce a bill, and it could be introduced by the
vote of a majority.
Mr. PRESTON KING. That being the case,
the State of Wisconsin being first to be called,
and two membeis from Wisconsin [Messrs. Doty
and Durkee] having given notice of their intention
to ask leave to intioduce a bill to admit California,
I ask the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Rubin-
son] 
Calls to order.
Mr. PRESTON KING (continuing his sen-
tence) to withdiaw his motion, to enable one of the
gentlemen from Wisconsin to ask leave to intro-
duce his bill. J
Renewed calls to order. j
The SPEAKER stated that debate was not in order. I
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, said he would j
move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not entertained, and not insist-
ed upon.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the suspension of the rules moved by Mr. Robin-
son.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended r"
was taken, and resulted—yeas ill, nays 67; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Ashmun, Ba-
ker, Bay, Bennett, Bisstll, Bokee, Booth, Brig^s, William J.
Brown, BueJ, Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Cariter, Casey, Chandler, Cleveland,
Corwm, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Fowhr, Freedley, Fuller,
Giddingt=, Gilmore, Gorman, Goit, Gould, Grinned, Hall,
Hallovvay, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hib-
baid, Hoagland, Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, George G. King, James G. Km*;, John A. King,
Preston King, Leiiier, LitUeheld, HoraeeMann, .lob Mann,
Matteson, McClemand, MeL.mahan, Meaehaai, Moore,
Morrn, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peaslee, Peek,
Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Pottei, Pfltnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Richardson, Ridley, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rum-
feey, Sawtelle, Schemerliorn, Schoolcraft, Silvestei, Spaul-
ding, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser,Taylor,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Undeihid, W.tlden,
Waldo, Wrntworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrtek, Wilniot,
Wilson, Wood, and Young—Ill.
NAYS—Messrs. AU-ion, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bocock,
Rowdon, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burl, E. C. Cabell,
I George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chngman, Wil-
j liamsou R. W Cobb, Daniel, Deberry, Echnuiidson, Evving,
Featherston, Hamilton, Haralson, isham G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hilhard, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, Inge,
Jospph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sfere, Mar-
shall, Mason, McDowell, Robert M McLane, Finis E.
McLean, McMullen, McGlueen, McWillie, Meade, Morse,
Morton, Ojr, Outlaw, Owt.ii, Powell, Robbing, Ross, Sav-
age, Seddon. Shepperd, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander II.
Stephens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tooinbs, Venable,
Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, and Wood-
waid—07.
So the rules were not suspended, (two-thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
And the bill was not introduced.
[Before the result was announced—
Mr. FiTCH rose and addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called ?
Mr. FITCH. I was not; but if I had been, I
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose and said,
that he had paired off with the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Conger,] and asked, therefore,
to be excused from voting.
Mr. S. was excused.
Mr. DISNEY rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to vote.
Objection was made.
So the vote of iVlr. D. was not received.
Mr. BINGHAM, rose and addressed, the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman within
the bar when his name was called?
Mr. BINGHAM. I was nut within the bar,
but I desne to say, that if I had been, I would
have voted in the affirmative.]
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the Hou&e icsolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER staled the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WILMOT asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRESTON KING desired the Speaker to
state, for the information of the House, what the
regular order of business was.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness for this day is the call ol the States for reso-
lutions. But a motion to suspend the rule, for
the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, is in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING. As explanatory of a
point of order, which it is my intention to make,
I ask that the Clerk may read the twenty-sixth
rule of the Heuse.
The lule was read, as follows:
"No. 26. All the St.u< s and TVrntories shall be called
for resolutions on each alternate Monday during each ses-
sion ol Congress, and, if neePs-saiy to seoui e tins object on
said days, all resolutions which shall give rise to debate
shall he over for di>cu^ion, under the rule*, ol the Ilou^e
already c.-tabhshed ; and the whole of >aid days? shall oe ap-
propuated to resolutions, until all the States and Territories
aie called through.-'
The rule having been read—
Mr. PREcSJTON KINUsaid: I now make this
point of order, that it is the duty of the Chair to
announce when the regular order of business is
called for, what it is; that under the rule which
has btfen read, it is imperative that the States  lmll
be called for in their order upon alternate Mon-
days for resolutions; and that it is the duty of the-
Chair to recognize a member from that State which
may be first in order on the call. It is known to the
House, that thegentlemen [Mr.DoTYand Mr. Dur-
kee] from Wisconsin, months ago, gave notice of
their intention to introduce a bill for the admission
of California as a State into the Union. That
State (Wisconsin) is the State next m order on
the call, when the States shall be called for reso-
lutions, and under this rule the bill referred to
could be introduced by either of those gentlemen,
under a majority vote. I hold it to be the duty
of the Chair 
Mr. INGE interposed, and said, that he ob-
jected to debate.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from New
York [Mr. King,] was stating his point of order.
Mr. PRESTON KING. 1 was saying at the
moment 1 was interrupted by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] that I hold it to be the duty
of the Chair to state the regular order of business,
and to assign the floor to a gentleman from Wis-
consin, instead of assigning it to a member from
any other State.
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and addressed the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point of order. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. King] submits as a point of order, under the
26th rule, that, on each alternate Monday, (that
day being set apart for the call of the States for
resolutions,) the Chair must call the States for res-
olutions, and must recognize a member from a
State which is first entitled to be called on that
day; and that the Speaker cannot recognize a
member from any other State than the one in or-
der for iesolutions. The Chair overrules the point
of order, and decides, under the invariable and
uniform practice of the House, that on every Mon-
I day, (when a motion is in order to suspend the
| rules,) it is in order for any member to be recog-
i nized by the Chair, and to move a suspension of
i the rules, requiring a vote of two-thirds, to take up
] any business out of the regular order of business,
: or to move to suspend the rules (under a majority
| vote) for the puipose of going into Committee of
| the Whole on the state of the Union. The Chair
j decides that any member may be lecogmzed for
| these purposes, and that such motions are in order,
| as is the motion made by the gentleman from Vir-
j ginia [Mr. Bayly] at this time The Chair there-
fore overrules the point of order.
j Mr. KING. I took an appeal upon this point
j the other day. At that time the Chair stated, a3
j the reason for notannouncing the order of the day,
i that a special order was before the House. I shall
| not now appeal from the decision of ihe Chair, but
j will call for the yeas and nays on the motion to
! go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BAYLY, (to the Speaker.) I desire to ask
a question of the Chair for information. Is not
the question of the admission of California the
subject first in order before the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and cannot a
majority of the committee take it up if they desire
: to do so ?
| Mr. WILMOT, (in his seat.) Yes, but you
' never can get it out of committee.
The SPEAKER (replying to Mr. Bayly) said,
; these were questions, the decision of which be-
| longed not to the Speaker, but to the chairman of
J the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union. The Speaker would state, however, that
the business first in order before the Committee of
i the Whole on the state of the Union, was the spe-
j cial message on the subject of the admission of
! California.
j The question on the demand for the yeas and
! nays on the motion to go, into Committee of the
| Whole on the state of the Union was then taken,
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
! The question was taken, arid decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 9tf, nays 90; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. AUton, Andeison, Ashe, Ashmun, Aver-
ett, Bay, Ba>ly, Uncock, Bokee, Bovvdon, Boyd, Brock,
Brings, Albert G. Biown, Hurt, E.O.Cabell, Gemae A.
Caldwell, Jostph P. Caldwell, Ciingma>>, W. U VV. Cobb,
Colcuck. Daniel, Deherry, Duer, Duncan, E
Nathan Evan*, Kwinj;. f'Vaiheiviou, Frecdley, Fuller, Gen-
try, G.)tt, Grinned, liall, Hamilton, Hatabon, I-iliam G.
Harris, Sampson VV. Hams, Hawnond, Milliard, Holladay,
Holmes, Houston, Howard, Inge^ Joseph VV. Jackson, VVil-
