ism.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
IP&t ,
ham T. Jackson, Andiew Johnson, James? L. Johnson,
Kohert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, James C. King,
La Sere, L'-ffier, Horace Mann, Marshall, Mason, McDow-
ell, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen,
McQueen, MeWillie, Meade, Morse, Motion, Nelson, Orr,
Outlaw, Owen, Phoenix, Powell, Reed, Risiey, Robbing,
Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Svivag-1, Seddon, Shepperd, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stevens, Taylor, Thomas3 Jacob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs, Veimble, Wal-
lace, VVatkins, Wellborn, White, Williams, and Wood-
ward—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Baker,
Bennett, Bingham. Oisself, Booth, William J. Brown, Buel,
Burrows, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Cartter, C.t?ey. Chandler, Cleveland, Cole, Corwtn,
(Jrowell, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Dunham,
Durkee, Fitch, Fowler, Giddings, Gilmore, Gorman, Gould,
Hallowav, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Hib-
bard, Hoagland, Howe, Hunter, Julian, George G. King,
John A King, Preston King, LiUlcficld, Job Mann, Matte-
son, McClfcmand, Meacham, Moore, Morris, Newell, 0<?le,
Old*. Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Robinson, Root, Ritmsey, Sacknt, Saw-
rolle, Sohcrmerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silv«'-*ter, Spauiding,
Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Stet-nn, SvvoeUei,
James Thompson, Underbill, Walrien, Waldo, W«nt-
worth, Whittlesey, Wtldriok, Wjlmot, Wilson, Wood,
and Young—90. *
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN announced, that the Presi-
dent's California message was the first business in
order.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the California message
be laid aside, with a view to move to take up House
bill No. 233, making- appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year ending
30ih June, 1851.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Wentworth
and Ogle were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported,
ayes 94, noes 75.
So the California message and bill were laid
aside.
OREGON LAND TITLES.
Mr. THURSTON rose for the purpose of pro-
posing to take up the Oregon land bill. He said,
he had refrained from troubling the House upon
this matter. He had thought of asking the House
this morning to make this bill a special order for
some future time. He understood from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, that
the appropriation bill which he should ask the
committee to take up next, after the present (the
Post Office bill) was the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, which would take some two
weeks, lie apprehended that it would not take
more than an hour to finish the Oregon land bill.
He wished the committee would do him the favor
to take up this bill. He made that motion.
The CHAIRMAN announced the question upon
the motion of Mr. Thurston, to take up bill No.
250, entitled "A bill to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon, and
to provide for the survey, and to make donations
to settlers of the said public lands."
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had just voted to lay
aside the California bill for the express purpose of
taking up the Post Office appropriation bill. He
wanted to know if it was in order to move to take
up any other bill ?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that it was in order
to take up the bill indicated by the gentleman from
Oregon. A motion, however, to take up the ap-
propriation bill would have the preference.
Mr. ASHMUN. J moke that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. To take up what particu-
lar bill ?
Mr. ASHMUN. The Post Office appropriation
bill.
Mr. THURSTON. If it will accommodate the
committee better, I will withdraw my motion.
Several gentlemen appealed to Mr. Thurston
to withdraw his motion, stating that they would
vote to take up his bill after the Post Office appro-
priation should have been disposed of.
Mr. THURSTON. I withdraw my motion. I
give notice, however, that I shall ask the commit-
tee to take up the Oregon bill before the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill is taken up.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ore-
gon withdraws his motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to take up bill No. 330,
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, during the year ending June
30, 1851.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
So the bill " making appropriations out of the
revenues of the Post Office Department, for its t
service during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1851," was taken up.
The bill was read through.
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
After some conversation—
The bill was read by sections.
Mr. CAMPBELL yielded the floor to
Mr. POTTER, who offered the following amend-
ment:
Stuke from the 7th line of the bill the words "arising
from the revenues ot said department," and insert the words
i( not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. CAMPBELL resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during his hour, in a gen-
eral review of the history of party politics, from the
foundation of the Government, with the avowed
purpose of showing, (m reply to the speech of his
colleague, Mr. Olds,) who (he said) had main-
tained that the Democratic party—from its uni-
form consistency upon political questions—was
the only national party, that the Democratic party
had been upon both sides of every political ques-
tion which has been agitated since the foundation
of the Government.
[The speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. OLDS rejoined, vindicating the positions
he had assumed on a former day, in respect to the
distinctive measures of policy of the two great
parties; and adverting, incidentally, to various
minor matters of public policy and political his-
tory. Mr. O. yielded the floor frequently to Mr.
Campbell for purposes of inquiry and explana-
tion.
[A report of the speech will appear in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. 0. having concluded—
Mr. WHITE obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise, with the intention (he
said) of offering a resolution in the House closing
general debate on the bill.
Mr. W., however, withdrew the motion at the
request of Mr. Potter, (chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office,) and on his pledge of
renewal.
Mr. POTTER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting as follows:
Strikeout the woids "arising from the revenues of the
said depaitmeut," in the7th linn, and ui&ortthe words "not
otherwise appropiiat<>d."
Mr. P. said, that as the bill was reported, it pro-
vides that these payments shall be made out of the
revenues of the department. It was the object of
this amendment to make them a charge on the
general treasury. He explained, that as the Post-
master General was a member of the Cabinet, and
filled one of the Executive offices, it was only
proper that his salary should be paid out of the
Treasury, and not from the revenues of ths Post
Office Department. He stated, that under the law
which provided that an account should be kept at
the post office at Washington, of all the free letters
sent through that «office, it had been found that
these letters amounted to 500,000. From the ac-
counts kept in this House and in the Senate, the
letters sent free amounted to 396,369 per annum;
and that the further amount paid out as compensa-
tion to postmasters at the places to which these
letters were addressed, for delivery, was $47,500
So that it appears the total amount properly
chargeable to the Government for the free postage ;
of these letters and their estimated delivery, and !
which is charged against the department, is i
$644,605. I
He referred to the standing appropriation of
$200,000 in the general appropriation for the pur- j
pose of meeting any deficiency which may arise j
in the revenues of the department, in consequence j
of the franking privilege allowed to members, i
This sum, however, as it appears, is not one third j
part of the amount required to make good this de- ;
ficiency. Now, what his amendment proposed I
was, to make the expenses of the home depart- j
ment of the Post Office, payable out of the general i
Treasury. He stated that there was now standing !
to the credit of the Post Office Department, on the i
books of the Treasury, including the surpluses J
which had accumulated over the expenses for !
some years past, the sum of about a million and ;
a half of dollars. He proposed to amend the bill j
so as to make the salaries of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the Auditor of the department, and officers-
and clerks employed- in the building, payable out
of the Treasury, by way of set-off to the losses in-
curred by the department on account of the frank-
ing privilege and the charges which come upon it
for the delivery of free letters. The Post Office
Department he regarded as the pack-horse for the
Army and Navy Departments, and every other
department of the Government; and a very useful
one it was; and perhaps might continue to be so.
It appeared to him to be proper that these salaries
should be charged on the Treasury, and he hoped
that his amendment would be adopted.
Mr. PHELPS then rose and stated some objee-
tions which he had to the bill, and which would
prevent him from voting for it. As reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, the bill ap-
propriated the sum applicable to the expenditures
of the department, in gross.
Mr. JONES (interrupting) suggested that he
had prepared an amendment, which he proposed to
submit as soon as he could find an opportunity,
making these appropriations specific as to the ob-
jects to which they should be applied.
Mr. PHELPS expressed his gratification that
the gentleman from Tennessee had prepared an
amendment of this character. Had that gentle-
man not done so, he (Mr. P.) would have offered
an amendment at a proper time. He then pro-
ceeded to comment with some disapprobation on
the course of the Committee of Ways and Means,
charging the committee with having retrograded
in the science of finance, in having reported appro-
priations in gross. This was the practice in the
early steps of the Government. The Committee
of Ways and Means had entirely disregarded the
recommendation of Mr. Jefferson, that all appro-
priations should, as far as practicable, be specific
in their character. To show to the committee
what the opinions of Mr. Jefferson on this subject
were, he read an extract from the first annual mes-
sage of Mr. Jefferson, recommending specific ap-
propriations.
The amount proposed to be appropriated by the
bill as reported is precisely what the Postmaster
General, in his estimates, says is necessary for the
service of the year. But being appropriated in
gross, without any specification of the objects to
which it is to be applied, it is left entirely at the
discretion of the Postmaster General to apply it as
he may think best. It may be all consumed in
the expenses of the department, in the compensa-
tion of mail agents, or in any other way which
may fall in with the views of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. He could not but express his astonishment
that the Committee of Ways and Means should
have reported a bill in violation of the Saw, which,
requires the Postmaster General to send in his
estimates of the amounts requited for the year, and
the specific objects for which they are required.
This was an objection he had to the bill. It
ought to have specified the objects of these appro-
priations, whether for the transportation of the
mail, the payment of postmasters, orofficial agents,
or for the advertising of letters. This is the only
way in which a strict accountability can be se-
cured.
Another objection he had to the bill was, that
the Committee of Ways and Means, in reporting
it, bad departed from the usual couise of proceed-
ing in former Congresses, in requiung that the
salaries of the Postmaster General, the Auditor,
and the clerks, shall be paid out of the revenue of
the Post Office Department. Heretofore it had
been the practice to provide for these items in the
general appropuation bill. Now the Committee
of Ways and Means had made them chargeable on
the revenue of the Post Office Department, it
would have been much better, he contended, had
it been the object of the committee to stop the drain
on the Tieasury, to have repealed the law which
appropriates $300,000 out of the Treasury.
He regarded the bill as now leported as in
contradiction to the law organizing the Post Office
Department, which directs in what manner these
appropriations shall be charged. If this law was
to be changed—if it was deemed expedient to
adopt a new couise of policy, it ought to have
been done by the passage of a general law, de-
claring that all these lttms of expenditure shall be
charged on the department.
These were his objections to the bill. And he
could only further say, that at a moment when it
