1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42S
tion of Congress prohibiting the existence of
slavery in the Territories of the United States.
On the other hand, at the South, southern
Democrats, relying implicitly upon the fidelity of
their northern Democratic brethren, and Uie well-
known adhesion of their Presidential candidate to
the principle of Congressional non-interference
with the institution of slavery, had cheerfully and
zealously contested the canvass with southern
Whigs, who denounced the Democratic candidate
as a Free Soiler in disguise, and who appealed to
the southern people to accept in his stead a south-
ern planter, whose individual associations and
opinions were represented as offering to the South
the surest, if not the only, barrier against the
unconstitutional legislation of Congress These
combined but opposing elements m the Whig par-
ty prevailed, and the present Administration and
the present Congress were now called to conduct
the legislation of the country. The candidate
thus repudiated was who and what r A northern
statesman, who, without regard to his own per-
sonal opinions on the subject of slavery, had denied
the power of Congress to legislate upon that sub-
ject in the Territories as well as in the States;
contenting himself with a policy that should
leave this question to be regulated by the people
inhabiting the Terri'ories, under the general re-
straint imposed by the Federal Constitution upon
the people of the Territories. He actually voted
in the other end of the Capitol for a territorial
government for California, which left the slave
question to be regulated in the Territories under the
judicial sanction of the Supreme Court of the
United States, which was the place of adjustment
of this question most earnestly desired by the
South, and which had been actually digested by
the mo.>t accomplished statesman.
He would call attention to the emergency in
which Congress was called to legislate. The Pies-
ident thus elected by the North and by the South,
who had by his own action excited the hopes both
of the North and the South, was understood and
known to be committed t£> a policy now entirely
acceptable to northern Whigs. "*•
He was now the President of the North. He
was committed to a policy to which distin-
guished statesmen—indeed the great mass of the
statesmen of the North were willing to subscribe.
And without any great distinction of party—
with only a few exceptions—guerrillas as they
were called—with few exceptions of note—north-
ern statesmen were willing to accept the policy of
the Administration. But southern Whig**, who
discovered that the issue had gone almost beyond
their reach, found themselves allied with southern
Democrats. And now, passing from the issue of
non-intervention, which thesuccess of Gen.Taylor
seemed to have swept from the political issues of
the day, Whigs and Democrats alike claimed the
positive action of Congress. He would pass over
the argument whether it was to protect an existing
right, or to provide for the tiansfer of a right ex-
isting in the States to that Territory. They all
knew that southern men, feeling that a crisis had
come upon the country, made a demand for abso-
luteguarantees on the part of Congress, that withm
certain limits of tlW Territory, their rights of
property under the laws of the States, should be
respected. Without regard to speculative opin-
ions whether slavery existed in that Territory or
not without regartl to the judicial decisions of
the courts whether slaves could go into that Ter-
ritory or not, (for all these questions were ad-
journed,) a ctisis had arrived, and southern men
had-felt at libeity to make the issue and to call
upon Congress to decide it. Here, then, stood the
two extreme issues between the two sections of
the country: the one demanding Congressional
action to extend slavery to, or to protect it in the
Territories; the other insisting that whenever the
Federal power can be exercised at all in the way of
legislation, it shall be exercised to destroy slavery.
This was the issue made up by the extreme party
at the North. Call it a guerrilla party, if you
will. It is a party that you of the North cannot
keep m subjection. And this Congress is to de-
cide whether either shall prevail, or whether the
moderate, conservative, and constitutional policy
of non-intervention shall be revived and estab-
lished. . , . _ .
He stood ready to extricate himself from any
views connected with geographical position, and
to cooperate with any men from the North who
were willing to extricate themselves from a similar
thraldom.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio in his eye
[Mr. Miller] had served in this House since the
Wiimot proviso was first introduced. He had sat
here when the intrigue—the plot—(for so ho, Mr.
McL., must call it)—which gave bit th to the Wit-
mot proviso was first concocted. He had sat here
during the Mexican war, when this anti-slavery
prohibition (now called the Free-Soil principle)
was introduced to prevent the acquisition of terri-
tory by treaty. He sat here when the bill to en-
able the Executive to negotiate a treaty of peace
came in. He was here when the plot to defeat
that measure was concocted. The parties to this
plpt knew that we must necessarily acquire ter-
ritory which, they now told us, was free, and
on which no slave could tread without positive
legislation. Gentlemen knew they could pievent
positive legislation, yet they instigated, concocted,
and cheered on the intrigue which enabled nine or
ten men to tie our hands, and with the assistance of
a distinguished Senator from the East, to prolong
the war. He (Mr. McL.) felt satisfaction in re-
fer* ing to his friend from Ohio [Mr. Miller] as
one of the original and consistent advocates 01 the
policy of non-intervention by Confess from this
point forward, m view alone of the constitutional
obligation to confine Congress to iis expiess and
limited powers.
The tenth amended article of the Constitution
declared that " the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States, are leserved to the States re-
spectively or to the people." Gentlemen would
look in vain for any expiess power of municipal
and political government over the Tei ritories ol the
United States. No southern statesman had ad-
mitted that any such expiess power was conleried.
He was aware that a distinguished authoiity from
the South had suggested (or vindicated) the ab*
stract right and power of Congress. His friend
from Ohio,and other distinguished northei n Demo-
crats, accepted this constitutional view; and those
who admitted that such power was vested m Con-
gress, concurred with their political brethien,
North and South, and pledged to each other then
faith to abstain from its exercise. He gave them
the right hand of fellowship. He adopted them
and their choice as his choice. In his judgment
they constituted the great heart of the Demoeiatic
party in the last canvass. To these men he now
turned. He had never separated from them. He
never would do so. And so long as there was a
northern Democracy that was willing to adjourn
individual opinions and to reject all interference
on the part of Congress with the institution of
slavery, or with the municipal affairs of the Ter-
ritories, he would stand with them. He believed
in his heart that the responsibility rested upon
these men. He believed in his heart that with
them the real adjustment of the difficulty lay.
And here he would especially ask the attention
of southern men. They might talk of the Mis-
souri compromise. If they meant that the tine
of 3fi° 30' was to be run to the Pacific ocean by
the authority of Congress, and that that authority
should declare-that north of that line slavery
should never be tolerated, but that south of that
line the question should be left open to be deter- j
mined by the people—then he would say he \
wanted no such compromise. That was the j
principle of non-intervention south of 3G° 30', •
and the Wiimot proviso north of 36° 30'. He
would say to the southern men, embrace the ten-
der of the northern Democracy—take non-inter-
vention overall the territoi y; unless, in good faith,
the Missouri compromise line, with slavery north
of it expressly prohibited, and with slavery south
of it expressly allowed, is tendered m lieu thereof.
And here, m the spirit of the argument of the 1
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] as he (Mr. !
McL.) understood it, he would remaik that no |
man in the North could reasonably take exception !
to this doctrine. It was an admiSNion that Con- jj
gress had power to govern the country. Some [i
might say it was an admission that there was no "
constitutional power to govern the country, but
that the country, having been acquired outside of
the Constitution, was to be governed outside of
the Constitution upon abstract principles of equity
and equality.
But he stated the question thus because he did
not want to be trifled with; he did not want to
affect enthusiasm, as a southern%man, upon a
question which was not practical. He wanted
no point ot honor settled. There was no point of
honor at issue. It was a great mistake,when the
people of California were told ihat this question
was a sentiment at the North and a point <>f honor
at the South. That was a skulking and a dodg-
ing policy. It was a policy which was lepudiatrd
now by the most patriotic statesmen; who treated
this as a practical question, and who treated the
rights of the South as practical rights, whether
they were rights within or without the Constitu-
tion. Such representations had exerted an influ-
ence in the formation of the State constitution of
California, and he had in his eye a disnn^i i>bed
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer^] who
would take advantage of this state of" things and
accomplish indirectly all that the most enthusias-
tic. ad vocate of the free-soil doctrine could desire.
Admitting the free State of California now, in-
dulging the sentiment of the North, evading the
point of honor of the South, he would bide a
future*time to peiform the same evolution in re-
gard to the remainder of the Territory. Such a
consummation he (Mr. McL) would deeply de-
plore.
fie asserted, then, that to stiy that this was a
sentiment at the North and a point of honor at the
South, was not true. It was a question of consti-
tutional light at the South, and they had always
advocated that doctrine. He knew very welt
what he conceded when he said that, as a southern
man, he wou'd be content to let the question
re&t—to let the people of California have a
Government without Congressional mterfeience.
He knew that the institution of slaveiy was a
municipal institution within the States He
knew that by the Constitution of the United
States, Congiess could not imerfeie with the im-
portation of such persons as any of the Stales,
previous to the year 1800, chose to admit—and he
knew that afterwards, the institution was always
regulated by the laws of the States; although he
knew that so far as Congress were concerned, it
was a political as well a3 a municipal regulation.
He knew that when the l^de ral GovernmenUcamo
to act upon slaveiy, it first recognized it os a mu-
nicipal relation of master and servant—the same
being property—such property as the States
chose to make it, and that if it escaped from the
Stales, the Constitution still recognized lias piop-
erty,and provided for its ieclamation. He knew
further, that when Congress next came to regulate
this property, it provided for the ratio of represent-
ation for persons held in involuntary sei vitude—
in other words, for slaves; thus constituting this
relation a political relation as connected with the
Federal Government. He knew, therefore, that
Congress could not interfere with it, except in Lhe
mode and manner expressly provided in the Con-
stitution. The only question left for htm,aSa
southern man, to he anxious about, was whether,
as a citizen of Maryland, he could travel to ali-
fornia with his slaves, there being no law in Cali-
fornia for or against slavery. For he did not be-
lieve that there was any Mexican law on the
subject. He did not believe that the Mexican de-
crees were valid; and if they were, as slavery was
a political relation in its connection with the Fed-
eral Government, these deciees would nut be of
force; for it was the municipal law of Mexico,
and not the political, that would remain in force
after ihe act of acquisition.
But he felt anxious to know whether he could
take his negroes into a country where no law,
either for or against slavery, existed. He knew
that the adjudications of our courts were both for
and against this right. He knew that the adjudi-
cations of the Supreme Court were, that slavery
was a local institution. But he knew also that
there were other decisions equally clerr, that de-
clared that slaves could go into these Territories.
He had certain authorities in his mind, with
which he would not now trouble the Commmee.
He knew that there were decisions which declared
that men held in bondage could be carried by their
masters into any territory or country where do-
mestic slavery was not positively prohibited by
law; whilst, on the other hand, there were au-
thorities requiring absolute and positive munici-
pal law to allow the existence of domestic servi-
tude. With a full view of all these controverted
points, he was willing to leave the question to the
courts. He had his opinion as fixed and a* clear
