426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
in his own mirfd as General Cass had his; and he
(Mr. McL.) took occasion to express his regret |
that the distinguished gentleman from Mississippi, ;
[Mr. Brown,] should have declared that there was j
any ground for misapprehension as to the opin- j
ions of the candidate of the Democratic party in the 1
last Presidential canvass. Neither in his letter
tiorin his speech did Gen. Cass present his own
opinion on these legal questions as an element of
the least importance or consideration. He left the
question to the people, subordinate to ihe Consti-
tution and the laws, to be controlled, of course, by
judicial arbitrament. Some of us might entertain
eniiie confidence that that arbitrament would be in
favor of the South; others might doubt it. And in
this connectkm, he (Mr. McL.) desired to call the
attention of the committee to the position of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] Why
did the gentleman vote last year against the com-
promisewbill? Because he believed that the ques-
tion which by the bill was left to the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, wonld
be adjudicated against the South.
Mr. WELLBORN interposed and inquired of
the gentleman if he knew that General Cass has
recently expressed the opinion in the Senate, that
the Mexican law abolishing slavery in the Terri-
tories of California and New Mexico, would pre-
clude the slaveholder from taking his slave with
him into those Territories?
Mr. McLANE said he did not know what Gen-
eral Cass's opinions were about Mexican law. He
(Mr. McL.) was referring; to the point in his letter
and speech which related to the power of the
people of the Territories.
Mr. WELLBORN inquired whether the gen-
tleman, in his remarks about the Missouri com-
promise, included in his denunciation the amend-
ment of that compromise proposed m the second
resolution he had the honor to submit to the com-
mittee in a speech delivered by him a few days
ago ?
Mr. McLANE replied that, as he rccollccted
the gentleman's amendment, it provided for a pos-
itive recognition of slavery south of the line, and
a prohibition north, of ifj and was the Missouri
line to which he had referred as a compromise'
which he could well understand southern men
would prefer.
Mr. WELLBORN expressed his satisfaction
that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane]
so considered it.
Mr. McLANE continued. This was a very
different matter fiom the Missouri compromise in
its common acceptation, to which he had ahe.uly
referred. How could the oiiginal spirit of the
compromise Hppty ,n this caser The line then
ran through slave territory, and all south of the
line remained slave territory by positive law.
Congress, therefore, could well be silent on the
subject south of 36° 30'. Now, however, what
life would the Missouri compromise have when
run through territory said to be free territory;
or, at best, territory where no positive law ex-
isted to protect slavery. He repeated that this
was non-intervention south of the line, and anti-
slavery prohibition north of it. Such an adjudication
of the question he despised, and should always
despise. Hence it was he desired to adhere to
the northern Democracy,.and their policy of non-
intervention faithfully represented in the couise of
the Democratic candidate for the Presidency in the
last canvass. This he had called the policy of the
national Democratic party; and this party he did not
believe was dissolved. He did not believe that it
had been wafted away with the fumes of the dead
carcass of the Bank of the United States, referred
to by his fj iend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable ] He entirely concurred with his friend
from No i th Carolina in absolving himself from po-
litical assocation with those at the North who had
attached themselves to that new orgamzation,whose
aim and purpose was confined to the effort of de-
stroying the fopstitutional rights of the States and
the people. AH he desired to say was, that he (Mr.
McLane) believed this class was not respectable
in numbers among the people, and the appeal he
now made to northern Representatives was, that
they should extricate themselve-5 fiom the restraint
which this class has heretofore imposed upon them.
He well understood the remarks of his friend fiom
North Carolina [Mr. Venable] to concede that
the hfe and heart of the sound democracy had not
altogether exhaled with the fumes of the dead
monster. He believed it was alive in the North
and in the South. He believed that the National
Democratic party would live. It might go into a ;
minority, and he, for one, would cheerfully bide
his time with it until its hour of progress and tri-
umph returned. It might falter. It might run
away from non-intervention; it might run away
from the free-trade principles of the tariff of 1846;
it might even come here and offer to make terms
with the -protectionists; but still he believed that
the great heart of the Democratic party would
live. Parties at the North and the South might
choose to continue their sectional organizations,
and abstract power and force, for the time being,
from the national partv. All that he asked of north-
ern men was to adjourn their individual opinions.
He would adjourn his own. He would not ask
them, as he'had a right to do, to vote that he might
takt his slaves from Maryland to California. He
would leave that question to the courts. All he
asked was, that they would not seek a legislative
declaration to deny the right. He asked them to
stand by the doctrine of non-intervention, to let
the courts decide the question, without regard to
the consideration, whether General Cass, or any
other statesman in the Democratic party, was of
the one opinion or the other, provided they would
all acquiesce in this submission of the case to the
judicial arbitrament referred to.
If he was right in his position that slavery,
though a municipal regulation within the States,
was a political regulation so far as the Federal
Government was concerned, then he would like to
know whether the people of the territory belong-
ing to the Government would not also have to go
to the courts to ascertain whether they had the
right to pass such a law. He might think they
had or had not the right to pass such a law; Gen-
eral Cass might think they had or had not; north-
ern Democrats might think they had or had not
that right; he [Mr. McLane] wished them to an-
swer this question. If they were willing to let
this question alone, to let it rest with the people of
that country {subordinate to the Constitution—that
Constitution which protected the rights of the
States and the rights of the people, which provided
that "the powers not delegated to the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the Stales, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people;" he would meet them on that
giound. if they of the South had not the right,
under the Constitution, to take their slaves into
the Territories, he did not want to take them there.
He wished not to be mistaken—he had been two
years ago, when he had talked about the outrage
—as he now considered it would constitute an out-
lage to force slavery over an unwilling people,
against their legal and constitutional rights as
American citizens. He was not to be confronted
with the declaration that slavery was a national
disgrace, a moral wrong. He did not believe the
Uruon could exist when the great body of the
noithern representatives came here proclaiming
that it was a national disgrace and a moral wrong,
and acting upon this idea by bringing the power
of Congiess to bear upon and destroy it. He saw
befoie him the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. McLanahan,] who, though he
thought it a national disgrace, amoral wrong, took
his stand upon the doctrine of non-intervention.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker] had
spoken of plantmg«the flag of this Union upon the
snow-capped hills of Cahiornia to float there for-
ever: it must be the flag of this Union, as the flag
of national honor, not as covering the relation of
political disgrace.
He lived m a border Stale that could do very
well without slavery, but which did not for that
reason say that slavery was a moral wrong, a na-
tional disgrace. They did not think so. Sickly
spirits might so clothe their philanthropy; the peo-
ple of his State thought it an institution which
was a moral necessity where it now existed: ad-
vantageous in some States, but necessary in all the
States wheie it now had an exUtcncc. A single
view of this question: he did not care one particle
whether northern men on either side of the House
gave him their acquiescence or not—it wasaques-
1 tion which came nearer home to him than to them.
We could not live m the midst of a large black
; population without the law of slavery, it was a
j law as necessary to the discipline of the free black
| man tts of the slave—a law which the free States
j adopted, every one of them. They had every one
of them got their slavery; they had every one of
them found it to be necessary to enact their laws
establishing negro slavery. Cultivated men of the
North did not deny it. Beyond the political dis-
tinction which they made against the blacks, there
was the social and municipal dis'inction. It was
this social distinction of which he spoke. It was
bondage, bondage in degree. It was necessary to
them—he was not reproaching them for it. They
could not live without it. It was thus limited in
degree with them on account of their free sparse
black population, and their overwhelming propor-
tion of whites. Now, in Maryland the whites
were not so overwhelming in numbers as in Penn-
sylvania and the other free States, and therefore
they wanted a more complete system of bondage
than the people of the free States—they wanted
more than a prohibition against blacks and whites
entering together into the sacred bonds of matrimony
and the other like municipal restraints imposed
upon the black population. They required the law
of sjavery. Did not every man know that in the
revolutionary war the black slave messed with
the white soldier, and no white soldier objecte'.1 to
it? This was the case upon the battle fields of
North Carolina, in thegallant corps of South Caio-
lina, in Greene's army, in the corps of Washing-
ton at Yinktown—black slaves messed with the
white soldiers, and the whites made no objection.
Why ? Because there was a consciousness of
moral and legal supeiiority on the part of the
white; but the slave, though inferior, was called
there to defend his (the slave's) fireside, his wife,
his children, as the white men were defending
theirs. And if there had been no law recognizing
slavery—if the blacks had been free blacks, the
white soldier would not have messed with them.
That was why they must not distuib slavery
in Maryland. He had just now stated that he
was perfectly content with thedoctiine of non-in-
tervention; content to stand by the sound Democ-
racy of the North, and let the Free-Soil Democ-
racy stand out or bring them in upon terms ; and
to northern Democrats of this kind ke thus had a
right to speak. He would say to his friend from
Illinois in his eye, [Mr Richardson,] hold on !
because if you do not you will make Maryland go
with those who not only believe that slavery is
a necessity and an advantage to the South, but •
who have, in language for which honorable gen-
tlemen themselves alone are responsible, declared
that it is a blessing, not only to the slave, but that
it was an abstract moral blessing. Their opinion
deserved and received quite as much respect as
the abstract opinions of those gentlemen who
thought it a national disgrace. The constitu-
tion of that man was not more extreme in one
view who pronounced it to be God's blessing
upon the black and the white, than that of the
sickly philanthropist who pronounced it a na-
tional disgrace, a national wrong—at the mo-
ment when it was interwoven with the foundations
of the most glorious, the most progressive, the
most successful Government on the face of the
earth. He said,if this Democracy of the North
—to whom he looked with affection, with pride,
with hope—gave way, then Maryland must be
brought to think slavery fft>t only a necessity,
but that necessity would create another necessity,
that was, to cling to those who thought with her
that it was a necessity as well as an advantage,
and who were ready to extricate themselves from
; an association witji a family, members of which
differed with them upon points so vital to their
peace, harmony, and even existence. And thus
might occur that contingency to which gentlemen
from the North and the South had referred—of a
defence on the part of the South of this very soil
on which the Capitol stands, because this was
their soil. Pie did not claim for Maryland any
right to interfere with slavery here. He did not
think Maryland had anything to do with u. He
had never introduced or supported resolutions
proposing an interference on the part of Congress
with slavery in this District when the State of
Maryland or the people of this District should
consent to it. He understood too well the ques-
tion. The legislation of Congress over the Dis-
trict was exclusive—not unlimited, but exclusive
of Maryland and Virginia, indeed of any State—
and within the Federal limits, within thexwell-
defined powers of Congress complete and pei feet,
lie theiefore claimed no right for Maryland to
legislate with refeience to slavery in this District;
