,W'-
1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.. 6,
temperament, and am perhaps easily frightened,
£S everybody knows with whom I am acquainted,
and I-became anxious to make an explanation
which would correct the error into which the gen-
tleman had been betrayed. But no, sir; he re-
fused me that courtesy which, in the practice of
this House, no gentleman on this floor ever re-
fuses to another. I appeal, to every member of
this House if I am not correct in this statement.
It frequently happens, sir, that a gentleman falls
into an error in some statement of facts bearing on
the question under consideration. And this is
sometimes the case with members who pay some
regard to the truth, as well as the member from
Missouri. Xnd.it has uniformly been regarded
as proper to allow a correction to be made. I
was refused this opportunity by the gentleman
from Missouri, and refused, sir, in such terms as
I must always regret to have heard on this floor.
Sir, i was compelled to abandon the effort to cor-
rect the blunders and erroneous statements of the
gentleman from Missouri, for they were full of
errors and destitute of truth. ,
He assumed, for example, that I voted for the
act of 1848. He assumed further, wnich is en-
tirely incorrect, that this system of foreign mail
service commenced at that time. The gentleman
is mistaken in all of these particulars. The pres-
ent system commenced in the year 3845. It was
established by the act of the 3d of March of that
year. And if it was an unconstitutional measure,
the President, who signed that bill, and the mem-
bers who aided in its passage, are equally amena-
ble to the charge of having committed a violation
of the Constitution. But the member from Mis-
souri does not seem capable of appreciating and
understanding this fact.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said, he believed the
first act was passed in 1844, during the adminis-
tration of President Tyler.
Mi. CROWELL resumed. The system was
not established until this act was passed; and it
was approved, as 1 have said, on the 3d of Match,
1845. I have taken pains to examine the Journal
and the Congressional Globe, to inform myself of
the proceedings which took place while this act
was pending. On the passage of the act there ap-
pears to have been no division. It provides for
the transportation of the mail between the United
States and foreign countries, and authorizes the
Postmaster General, under the restrictions and
provisions of existing laws, to contract for the
transportation of the (Jnited States mail between
our own and the ports of any foreign Power, when-
ever, in his opinion, the public interest would be
thereby promoted.
This act contains a variety of provisions which
it is not necessary for me to recite. 1 refer to it as
laying the foundation of our foreign mail service.
The Postmaster General was clothed with large
discretionary powers.
The next act was passed in the following year,
and it authorized the Postmaster General to ad-
vance §25,000 towards the transportation of the
mail in steam vessels to Bremen. There was no
division, I believe, on its passage.
In the year 1847 there was another law passed
to establish post offices, and for other purposes.
On examination of the Congressional Giobe, I do
not find that there was any division on its final
passage. I cannot, therefore, take it upon myself
to say who were the persons that voted for or
against the bill.
In this 'way, sir, the matter stood when I be-
came a member of this House. All the contracts
made, and which the gentleman from Missouri has
denounced with so much bitterness, were made
when Mr. Polk was President, of the United States,
and as such signed the bills—all of them, except
the first one; and Mr. Cave Johnson, then Post-
master General, (and a very good one, too,) gave
his sanction to the system, and made ail the con-
tracts that are now m existence, i believe. The
gentleman from Missouri says, that this system, -
instead of being introduced in the Post Office bill, !
was commenced in the Navy Appropriation bill, j
in the year 1848. This is not so. At that time I
both the gentleman from Missouri and myself held !
seats on this floor. On the passage of that bill,
containing the appropriation for the foreign mail j;
service, there was a division. Let us turn to the I;
recoid, and see who voted for this unconstitutional ![
appropriation of $874,000 for these contracts, ||
tnade, as the gentleman from Missouri asserts, |j
exclusively to benefit the commercial interests of the
country, at the expense of the agricultural. And,
after I shall lmve succeeded in showing who it-is
that voted for this atrocious appropriation, on the
authority of the Journal, 1 will then say to the
member from Missouri, " Let us both go to our
homes, and make our peace with our constituents
as best we may."
The remarks made yesterday are very briefly
reported in the Globe. The conversation which
took plaee between the gentleman from Missouri
and myself, is entirely suppressed, and I am in-
debted to another paper for a report of what passed
between us on that occasion. When the question
was taken on the passage of the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the navy for the
year 1849, the vote stood—yeas 105, nays 41.
(House Journal, page 935-6.) On that bill, which
has called forth the indignation and abuse of the
gentleman from Missouri, and has evoked his bit-
ter denunciation of me and of my course, and the
supporting of which he deems such an atrocious
offence against the Constitution of the United
States,—on that bill, Mr. Chairman, the name of
the gentleman is recorded among the affirmatives,
and mine stands among the negatives. Though
the occasion would justify it and the temptation is
strong, I shall indulge in no denunciations against
the member from Missouri. He has asserted on
this floor that he did not vote for the appropria-
tion: the record shows he did.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 believe the gentleman from
Ohio will find my name also in the negative.
Mr. CROWELL. The name of thegentleman
from Missouri furthest from me, is recorded, with
mine, against the UlL
The following extract from the last report of the
Postmaster General, furnishes all the additional
facts which 1 wish to present on this subject. The
dates of the contracts, and other interesting facts,
may be gathered from it.
foreign mail service.
"The mail sei vice by the way of Southampton to Bremen
has been, under the eonti act with this department, earned
the past year by the steamships Washington and Hermann
tor the sum ot two hundie i thousand dollars, and ihegioss
amount leahzed m postage from that service lor the year
ending October 4, wa> .^bJ, 114 30. The gross amount
from 1st June, 1647, to Octobor-4, 1848, was $29,0*5 51.
"Mot ee has leeently been ieceived hom the proprietors
that this service will be suspended until Febiuary next, in
orilei to mike the necessary repdiis nmv required fur the
tmetv of these steamships
"The maillrorn Charles-ton, via Savannah, to Havana,
untiei the contract wuii this department, has been carried,
since the J8th ot October, 1846,m the steamer Isabt J, with
a good degree, of legularsty, at the cost of $35,086 2*2. No
other foreign mail is carried bj contract with this depart-
ment,
" By a contract with the Navy Department, made by dnec-
Uon of law, piovit-ion was made for cam nig a mail twice in
each month between New York and New Orleans, via
Charleston, Savannah, and Havana, and <iKo for like trans-
portation between Havana and Chagre6;. Tins was- entered
upon in December, 1848, and has been partially performed.
Underahke contract with the Navy Department, steamships
are carrying the mails on the Pacific, between Panama and
California, once in each month. By a treaty,ihe Government
ot New Granada is bonnd to tran>port Uie mail across the
Isthmus. Thi*. servke,more particularlyon the Atlantic and
across the Isthmus, has been very imperially performed,
and the connections ha\e been veiy unsuccessful. Tins
tne department has not been able entirely to remedy, the
contractor not being within us contiol. Exertions have,
however, been continued, and uiuhariangements have been ;
made and assurances received, a« to give a good degtee o(
confidence that, with the cooperation of the Navy Depart-
ment, the mails' will hereafter receive regular dispatch
through this entne route of gieat and mciea-inj;impo) tancc.
"By the piesent organization of the Post Office Depart-
ment, established in ld3o, ihe mail btivice, of the United
2>tates is Mistimed by appropriations entueiy from the
money derived hotn postage.
"Congress, by the act o? March 3,1217, entitled "An act
providing for the building an., equipment ot lour naval .-teau.-
ship*,," entered on the policy of encouraging the election bv
individuals of war steamers, so th.it on tin emergencv ot
a war, they might he ready for public Use, Contracts were
oidered and made by the Navy Department lor three lines I!
of war steam; rs onefioin N'ew"Vorkvia Havana to New
Orleans, and hom Havana to Chagres. and one from Pan- '(
<iuia ro California and Astoria, anil oneV tween Ns- w Yoik '!
and Liverpool; all which, requiring thirteen war «tcam-
.-hip^. were to cairy the mail, and to recuve ivjien com-
pleted the sum of .^74.ui)0 per antium liom the Treasury.
Whether thie* policy i* to be continued o,- extended, is en-
tirely a ques-tion lor Congress; but it seems proper to ob-
M.rve, that any change by which this shall he declared mail
i«-e, and tins great additional demand be made a claim
on me income from po-tauo, n ill greatly embarrass and de-
iang" the operations of the department. So great is the
co>t of,building and sustaining these ve.^els, and so small
the postage to be derived Hieieirom, that it will, if so or-
dered, defeat the present system ot sustaining the mails with-
in this country; put an end to all extension of its accommo-
dations, all reduction of postage, and all improvement of its
condition, ft is much to he hoped that no proposition so
disastrous lirits consequences will be entertained. In any
course Congress may think proper to piusue in relation tr>
those war steamers, their support, while continued, must
be ffrawn from the Treasury, as provided when adopted, and
as now done.
"The transportation of the mail across the Isthmus, being
in a foreign country, is the proper subject-matter ot a treaty,
and is not within the power of thi department. It>s,lrow~
ever, respectfully suggested that this service, now done by
the Government of New Granada, is very tardily and care-
lessly perfotmed, and the compensation under the treaty
probably inadequate. Reliable information has been re-
ceived that they would willingly yield up-this service, A
new arrangement should immediately be made by treaty, if
practicable, permitting this service to be performed by our-
selves, but guaiantying its piotection there, and placing it
under the direction of this department. The amount re-
quired by the treaty to he paid to New Granada for carrying
that mail", being in no other way piovided for by Congress,
has been paid by this department up to tht* lime.
u No steamship has yet been dispatched on the mail ser-
vice from New York to Liv< rpool uncfer the contract will*
the Navy Depaitmeni, but ic l.-eApeeted soon to be done.
" Since the last session of Congress the postal treaty with
Great Britain has been carried into full operation by regula-
tions settled in pursuance of ihe treaty by this department
and the Post, Office Depaitim-nt ot that country, which reg-
ulations have been promulgated. The leading feature of
that arrangement is, that letters on which the po>tage is
wholly prepaid, or on which none is paid, pass through the
mails between the two countries, and are dispatched anc?
delivered in the same manneras if those counines weie one;
and an account is kept in each ol the postage collected for
the other, which is periodically settled. The effect ot this
is, that, while the sea-service is almost entirely pe  formed
by the British steamships, thesea-postage belonging to them
makes the balance m accounting largely against us. The
operation of this is no injury, as we actually receive all we
paji but it is stated in order to explain that now all this
po-iage goes into the account of postage received in this
department, and to swell its apparent amount, when it is
subject always to the annual reduction of this balance pay-
able to Great Britain. Whenever oar mail steamships shall
perforin service between New York and Liverpool, which-
i«soon expected, it will tend to correct this balance. The
eftoits to extend this arrangement through England and
France have not been successful."
My purpose is now answered. I have exposed
the errors into which the member from Missouri
had fallen—I will not say fcnoioingly3 for I thmk
he is entirely innocent of much accurate knowledge
on this or any other subject—and have shown
that his bitter denunciations apply to his owr*
course and his own conduct, and not mine. And
here, sir, I will leave this modern Haman sus-
pended upon the gallows which his own hands
have made ijjpr another, and dismiss the whole
matter as unworthy of further consideration.
The time allotted for the general debate having:
closed, the Chairman's hammer fell,
And Mr. Crowell resumed his seat.
Under the rule, thegentleman who reported the-
bill, (Mr. Bayly, in the present case,) was entitled
to address the committee.
Mr. BAYLY took the floor, and said that he
desired to submit a few lemarks, to which he re-
quested the attention of the committee. They
would he confined entirely to the two objections
which had been taken to this bill. These objec-
tions were: first, that the expenses of the Post
Office Department were charged upon the revenues
of that department; and second, that appropria-
tions of an aggregate sum were made in place of
making them m detail, for the various objects of
expenditure.
Mr. JONES interposed, and asked the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to yield the floor
for a moment.
Mr. BAYLY having yielded—
Mr. JONES said, that with the permission of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] he
(Mr. J.) would send to the Chair a substitute,
which he proposed to offer in lieu of the second
section of the bill. After the general debate was
closed, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
as the gentleman who reported the bill, ha.d the
ri°ht to address the committee for an hour, and aa
the gentleman had announced his intention to
speak to the sui- jcct-matter embraced in the amend-
ment, he (Mr. J ) desired that he should have the
amendment before htm. He would now simply
rerrmik, that the amendment was a copy of the es-
timates of the Postmaster General —each item as
reported by him as necessary for the service of the
piesent year. Mr. J. asked that the amendment
might be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" For transportation of the mails, including the sei vice in
California and Oregon, two millions nine hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the mails in two steamships from
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, at one hundred
thousand dollars for eacn ship, under the contract with the
Ocean <Steam Navigation Company of ,\ew York; and for
transpoitation by two thips, under th<j same contract, from
New York to Havre, at suventy-five Ihousand dollars, each,
