1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(in addition to former appropriations for the same olyect,
which, it!? estimated, will remain unexpended ou the 30th
-June, J850, at two hwidied and seveiity-thiee thousand
three hundred and thirfy-threc dollais,) seventy-six thousand
«ix hundred and sixty-seven dollars.
For transportation of the mails between Charleston and
Havana, by way of Key West, calling at Savannah, under
flie contract with M. U. Mordt cat, fifty thousand dollars.
For tranfpoitation of the mails across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama, thirtv-five thousand dollars.
For compensation co postmasters, one million four hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollais
. For ship, steamboat, and way-letters, forty-five thousand
dollars.
For wrapping papers, twenty-four thousand dollars.
For orfice furniture, (in post offices.) eight thousand dol-
lars.
For advertising, sixt.y-five thousand dollars.
Foi mail bags, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For blauks>, twenty-eight thousand dollars.
For in>11! locks, keys,and stamps, ten thousand dollars.
For liuui depredations and special agent5*, thnt^thousand
dollars.
For clerks for offices, (in the post offices.) three hundied
and forty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous. seventy thousand dollais.
For publishing new editions of the post office laws awd
regulations, and of the table of post uffices, eight thousand
five hundred dollars."
Mr. BAYLY proceeded. He said, that at the
time he was interrupted by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] he (Mr. B.) was saying
that he should confine the remarks which he felt it
his duty to make, to the two objections that had
been made against this bill. First, that the ex-
penses, of the Post Office Department are charged
upon the revenues of thawdepartment instead of
the general Treasury; and secondly, that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had made an appro-
priation of a round sum in lieu of making the ap-
propriations in detail, as proposed by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.]
.Now, as to the first point. The consideration
which had influenced the Committee of Ways and
Means in charging the expenses of the Post Office
Department, except the salary of the Postmaster
General, upon the revenues of the department were
to simplify legislation in the appropriation bills.
The purpose of the Committee of Ways and
Means was to put in each of the distinct appropri-
ation bills which they had reported, to carry on
the different branches of the public service, the
subjects which appropriately belonged to them.
This would enable Congress and the country to
see at a glance the expenditure upon each of
them, without hunting through many bills to as-
certain it. No one could dispute that the expense
oY the Post Office Department was a part of the
expenses of the mail service; and the Committee
of Ways and Means regarded it as a proper ob-
ject for the Post Office bill rather than for the Civil
and Diplomatic Appropriation bill.
Another motive actuated the committee in this
course. They desired, as far as practicable, to ar-
rest the constant misrepresentations which were
made as to the expenses of the mail service. Ail
those agents who were laboring for the reduction
of postage—the newspapers which were m favor
of it—and, indeed, the reports of the Postmaster
•General, gave a colored statement of those expen-
ses. They went on to credit the department with
all its receipts from every quarter, and then omit-
ted to charge it with a number of legitimate ex-
. penses belonging to it.
The Postmaster General, in his annual report to
Congress, states that revenues of the Post Office
Department exceed the expenditures for the year
ending 30th of June, 1849, by the sum of
#691,682 70, and it is estimated that the excess
for the last year and for the present will be as
great. Now this statement is paraded throughout
the countrv to show that after suppoiting its
expenses, the Post Office Department yields a
surplus. But how is this surplus made up?
$465,555 50 of the appropriation from the general
Treasury is included, which deducted, would
Jeave $226,027 20. From this deduct the expenses
of the general Post Office here, and in place of a
surplus from the revenues of the department, there
is a deficit. But besides this there are our ocean
steamers—the lines to Liverpool, ana Chagres,and
Panama, and California. The expense of these is
paid from the general Treasury. The amount of
it is §874,600. The expense of this service is all
charged to the general Treasury, whereas the re-
ceipts go to the Post Office fund. These receipts
cannot be precisely ascertained, as no separate
account is kept of the California and foreign letters.
But it cannot be less than between one and two
hundred thousand dollars. The result is, then,
that so far from the Post Office establishment sup-
porting itself, it falls very far short of it. 1 state
this that the House and committee shall under-
stand it, and that the impression shall not be made
that the Post Office Department, after defraying its
expenses, has a surplus. The reverse is the fact.
But I will not go more fully into the matter now.
Thus, in inserting in this bill the appropriations
for'the expenses of the Post OfHce Department, the
Committee of Ways and Means had been actu-
ated by two motives: One was, putting in the bill
homogeneous subjects; the other was, .that the ac-
counts of the Post Office Department might show
at a glance the real condition of its revenue, and
the actual legitimate expenses of the mail service.
But in reply to this, it was said that it was very
improper_that the correspondence of the. country
and the postage upon newspapers should be made
to pay the expense of the free mail matter, and
that the expenses of the Post Office Department
should be paid out of the general Treasury as
compensation for transporting free matter. He
noticed and replied to tins objection, and said that,
if the franking privilege were to be continued, (he
was in favor ot greatly modifying it,) he consideied
it proper that the expense of the transportation
should fall upon the revenues of the Post Office
Department, and not upon the general Treasury;
fqr the reason that that portion of the community
who maintained a private correspondence, and
received newspapers through the mail, are the
same class of persons who received franked mat-
ter. As a general rule, those who had no other
correspondence, and consequently contributed
nothing to the support of the Post Office Depart-
ment, recerved no franked matter, and enjoyed no
benefit of the franking privilege. Hence, if they
charged the expense of franked matter upon the
general Treasury, the people of the community
who received no advantage in receiving this free
mail matter, would contribute equally with others
towards its expenses; whereas if the expense of
franked matter were thrown upon the Post Office
Department, the precise people who received the
benefits of free matter, would pay for the cost of
transporting it. Notwithstanding this, we appro-
priate annually $200,000 from the general Treas-
ury to compensate the Post Office Department for
transporting free matter.
He next noticed and replied to the objections
taken by Mr. Phelps and Mr. Jones to the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means, in insert-
ing general in place of specific appropriations in
this bill, and stated the considerations which had
influenced the committee The Postmaster Gen-
eral had been before the Committee of Ways and
Means, and had stated that from making specific
appropriations for the different items of expendi-
ture very serious embarrassment resulted. He
explained that the expenditures under the various
heads fluctuated from year to year—insomuch that
it was impossible with any accuracy to make
specific estimates. Pie instanced the item for pay
of postmasters: their compensation being depend-
ent upon the postages received, varied with the
volume of mail matter, and of course fluctuated
from year to year. If they appropriated a specific
sum for each item, and it happened to be more
than enough for any one of them, it remained in
the Treasury; if for any one it was less than was
required, the expenses could not be paid out of the
other items of appropriations—as transfers could
not be made. The Postmaster General stated
that this occurred more than once, and it occa-
sioned great embarrassment and injury to the pub-
lic servicc. He (Mr. B.) contended that specific
accountability and not specific appropriations was
the true security, and read from a letter of the Post-
master General, Mr. Kendall, to Mr. Cambreleng,
in 1837, taking the same ground—recommending
reliance upon specific accountability, and requiring
the accounts to be kept under separate heads.
This letter (he said) pointed out the pernicious
practice which prevailed in the departments of
borrowing from one item of appropriation and
using the money for another—to be paid back
when new appropriations were made. The effect
of which was explained m Mr. Kendall's letter.
Mr. PHELPS (in h:s seat) inquiied if this
practice prevailed in the Post Office Department?
Mr. BAYLY replied that it did not, but that it
had prevailed in the other departments, in evasion
of the law.
He repeated, in conclusion, that specific appro
priations alone were no sort of security. ^Any
man of business—any accountant would see, if the
object was to hold the officers of the Government
to a strict responsibility in the disbursement of the
public funds, the proper mode was to enforce a
specific accountability, and that it could not be
effected by specific, appropriations without that
accountability. Here Mr. B. read the following
letter from Mr. Kendall:
Post Office Department, Feb, 3,1837.
Hon. C. C. Cambrelinh,
Chairman Committee oj Ways and Means, <5|'c.: . "
Sir : It is perceived tharthe amendment of the 'appropri-
ation bill, reported fiom jour committee, in the clause
which relate* to the service or tin*, department, is so framed
as to make each head of aeneral account a specific appro-
priation. it so passed it would make an essential changein.
the i-V'Hem prescribed by the net of last session, and one
winch I apprehend would he highly detrimental to the pub-*
he service.
Tiie firs-t section of that hill piescribes that all the reve-
nues of the dfpditnieiit shall be paid into the Tiea^ury. The
second provider, that ihe Fostmaster General shall furnish
estimates ot expenditures under certain specific head;-, and
account for them und  r the «-ame heads. The third section
is in the following words, viz: " That the aggregate sum re-
quned < for the service of the Post Ofhce Department' in
each year, sli.ill be appiopriaced out of the revenue of the
department," &c.
The plan is that, although there are many specific ac-
counts under which the fo<tnid ter General is required to
estimate and account for all his expenditures, there shall be
but one appiopriatton. He is not confined to his estimates
under the -pecific heads, but if lie exceeds them he may, at
any tune, be called on fur the reason—indeed, the reports
he is required to make io Congress will show it. It is be-
lieved that this *y>tem seeuie> ail the benefits of specific ap-
propnation-s without anv ot their inconveniences or evils.
When in the Fourth Andttoi'.- ofhce, 1 witnessed what
had been the practical < ff ci ol the system of specific ap-
propuationsmthenav.il service. Alihough the Register's
and Compuulh r'  bonk- sh<>w ti-at all the money* appro-
priated specifically from IblG down,-have been drawn out of
the Treasury under the proper head-, the Fourth Audit-
or's books j-'how that they had been expended to a great
extent under ditfeient head*., and the amount now on those
books never readju-ted by tran<fei, exceeds, if I rightly re-
member, three and a hail million- of dollars. Cases occur
in that department, under Mich a system, in which the head
has no alternative bni to violate the law, or permit the pub-
he service to suffer great n^ury. Indeed the system has
been, and ever will be, tound iinpi acticabl.* in war, and the
source of endless errot, ttouhle, : itd vexation in peace.
The service of this department ii not so well settled as to
enable the head to make accurate estimates, and for some
vears to fjnne the expeiiiinurea will, undoubtedly, essen-
tially varv from them. If his eftiinates are made separate
appropriations, he cannot vaiv fiom them in his expendi-
tuie-i without wolating the law, and he must permit the
public service to sutler without the least public necessity
therefor.
Specific accountability is, after all, the great public secu-
rity, and not specific appropriations. There is no &pecific
accountability in the Wai and N avy Departments, because
\ou receive only the reports, of the sums drawn from the
Treasury under each head, a id not the amounts applied
undei cach head. The Post Office Iippartmeht proposes to
give you the amount applied under each head of general ac-
count, and these head*, may be multiplied so as to embrace
the minutest object uf expenditure.
At the nc xt «?i-sion or Confess you will have reports, ex-
hibiting the practical operation ol cftir system, puor to
which, I trust no change will i «- made in tins essentia! fea-
ture. AMOS KENDALL, Postmaster General.
[In the course of Mr. B 'a remarks, Mr. Phelps
made certain explanations—which we have not
deemed necessary here (o insert, as his views will
be fully given in the Apptndix.] _
Mr. GREEN said, he was not fond of bringing
himself into any controversy, nor desirous of in-
truding upon the House by personal explanations.
And while he never sought any personal difficul-
ties, it was very certain he would not avoid a
necessary one; but in this instance the attack was
so puerile and ridiculous, that he would not have
arisen, were it not for the fact that he had been
I flagumtly misrepresented by the gentleman from
i Ohio, [Mr. Crowell ] He had listened to the
! epithets thrown out by him with perfect astonish-
I ment, and h/3 could find but one explanation for
I such conduct, and that wrs, that*there were some
persons whose mental organization better qualified
! them to indulge in abuse rather then in sound, logi-
• cal argument."The gentleman had pronounced him
! as unfit to hold a place on this floor; and with due
I deference to the Iiouse, he felt constrained to reply,
that he spurned the rernarK and its author with the
contempt which they deserve. ^ The gentleman
m,o-ht make use of such expressions a3 those to
which he had given uticiance; but if any man
could find such low, vuhiur, undignified, and dis-
courteous remarks in any thing he said on yester-
day, he would resign his &eat in the House, ana
go home at once.
' When he (Mr. G.) was speaking on yester-
! day, without any reference to the member fiom
