1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens of
New Haven; a petition of citizens of Harwinton;
and two petitions of citizens of South Farms, in
the Stale of Connecticut, asking a Auction of the
rates of postase; which were referred tif (he Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition r^ffhos.
R Joynes, asking indemnity forFrench sp^PFtfons;
■wh'ch was ordered to lie on the lable.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens of
Macomb county, Michigan, asking an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the Clinton river, in
tha' State; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON submitted an additional doc-
ument relative to the petition of Daniel Nippcs;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a memorial of
merchants and others, of Evansville, Indiana, ask-
ing that that city may be made a port of entry and
delivery; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BRADDURY presented the petition of Jas.
Wiiglit, asking to be allowed a pension in conse-
quence of disease contracted while serving as engi-
neer on board of a revenue cutiei in the Gulf of
Mexico during the Mexican war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of W.
K. Inaiish and John C Douglas, volunteer officers
in the late war with Mexico, asking an allowance
of bounty lands; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. B. also presented a petition of the late and
present officers of the Champagnole land office, in
Arkansas, asking to be allowed commissions on
entries of land under bounty land warrants; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted a communication
addressed to him by Phihp Ripley, exhibiting
statistics of the iron works in the State of Con-
necticut in the years 1845 and 1850, and the effects
of the present tariff upon those interests; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHASE presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Ohio, in favor of the adoption of such
measures as will lead to-the liberation of Kossuth
and his associates, Hungarian exiles, from then
captivity in the dominions of the Sultan of Tur-
key; which were referred to the Committee on
Foieign Relations, and ordered to be printed
Mr. C. also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Ohio, in favor of the acknowledgment of
the independence of Liberia; which was leferred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also presented a petition of John b. tee
and other citizens of Lewis county, Kentucky,
asking that the icsoluttons submitted by the Hon.
Henry Clay may not be adopted by the Seriate,
nor any other measuie that does not restrict the
institution of slavery; that California may bead-
mitted into the Union with her present boundaries;
and that slavery may be abolished in the District ot
Columbia; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr KING presented a petition of citizens or
Alabama, asking a grant of public lands and the
right of way to the Alabama and Georgia Railroad
Company; which was refened to the Committee
on Public Lands. , .
Mr CORW1N presented a petition of citizens
of- Cleveland, Ohio, asking the adoption of mens-
ures for the construction uf a railroad from the
valiev of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, on
the plan proposed by Asa Whitney; which was
refeired to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. C. also presented a petition of citizens ot
Jefferson county, Ohio, and a petition ot the pro
prietorsand employers of the rolling mills of Ports-
mouth, Ohio, asking a reduction of the rates ot
" ...  J . _ * I. A P /\ .v  ivi i Maa nn
postage; w 
the Posi Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented a petition of citizens ot
Cleveland, Ohio, asking the adoption of measures
for acquiring the right to the navigation of the
river St. Lawience; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
\1 r C. also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio, in favor of the adoption of such
n.eastwes as will effect the liberation of Kossuth
«nd his associates, Hungarian exiles, from captiv-
ity in the dominions of the Sultan of Tuikey, and
the removal of Kossuth and his family to the
hich was referred to the Committee on
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. C. further presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Ohio, asking*the recognition of the
independence of Liberia; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of C. E.
Greneaux, asking; to be released from a judgment
obtained against him by the United States as one
of the sureties of Benoit Laurens, a receiver of
public moneys; which was referred to the Com*
mittee on Judiciary.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Freeman
Blakely, a pensioner of the United States, asking
an increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Grand Haven, Michigan, asking the adoption of
measures for acquiring the right to the free navi-
gation of the river St. Lawrence; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 have been requested to pre-
sent a memorial of the citizens and residents of the
valley of the Rio Grande, in which they Yepresent
that it is their desire that all of the section east of
the Rio Grande and south of the line of New Mex-
ico distinct fiom the province of Texas, be erccted
into a new Territory, to be called the Territory of
the Rio Grande; and they ask the usual forms of
territorial government. Without reading, 1 ask
that, it be referred to the Committee on Territories,
and that it be printed.
Mr. R.USK expressed the hope that it would be
printed, together with the names that were attached
to it.
The petition was referred, and the question of
printing was referred to the Committee on Pant-
ing.
LAKE HARBORS.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President, 1
present to the Senate a memorial from Colonel
Philo White, a most respectable and intelligent
citizen of Racine, Wisconsin, embodying much
valuable information and many interesting statis-
tics upon the subjert of lake commeice, and going
to show the necessity and expediency of construct-
ing harborsfor the preservation of life and property
on the western shore of Lake Michigan. I move
you, sir, that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and printed.
the question of printing must go, under our
rule, to the Committee on Punting, and as the sub-
ject is one of deep interest to the State which I in
"part represent, I trust, that that committee will re-
port in favor of printing, and that it may be the
pleasure of the Senate to order it to be dune.
On motion by Mr. CORWIN,
Ordered, Thar the rap^rs of Cadwalader Wallace be
taken 'rom the rites and referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Laurie
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
citizens^of Pennsylvania on the subject ot extra pay
and bounty land to the soldiers in the last wai wuh
Great Britain, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
petition of C. L. t^rrington,asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
i that It be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
i tionary Claims. .
Also, from the same committee, to which was
! referred the joint resolution for restoring the set
| tlement of the three months' extra pay claims to
I the Accounting officers of theTreasury, reported it
' back without amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
! diciary, to which was referred the hill to amend
I certain acts entitled "An act to establish the Ter-
t ntorial Government of Oregon," and "An an act
i to establish the Territorial Government ofMinne-
i sola,reported it back with a recommendation that
!' it do not pass.
i' Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee for tne
'! Distiict of Columbia, to which was referred the
II petition of Owen Connolly, reported the following
!! resolution:
i! R^ohed. That there be paid to Owen Connolly, out of the
i | contingent fund, a sum equal to the amount of his pay trom
ll the tune oi his removal as one of ihe police of the capuoi,
on the 30th day of April, 3849, to the present time, in con-
sideration of injuries sustained by lura in th e di «-elt arge oi'his
public duties, and which has disabled him for life.
The said resolution Having been read a first and
second time, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole, when its further consideration was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of
James Chapman, administrator of Thomas Chap-
man, submitted a report accompanied by a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of the late
Thomas Chapman, formerly collector of the port
of Georgetown, South Carolina; which was read,
and passed to the second reading, and the report ac-
companying the same was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, reported a bill to establish a col-
lection district and a port of entry and port of
delivery in the State of Mississippi, and for other
purposes.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committeeof Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Wm. A.
Duer, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Socretaiy ot ibn Interior be directed
to repoit lo the Senate ihe number ami names of the re^x c-
live clerk*, messengers, and all other officers, and the com-
pensation of each, who have been employed in bis own
office (s-tutimr aho during what period each has been em-
ployed) i>mce the 4tl) oi March, 18-.9. Also, the laws by
authority ot which they re>p< ciively have bush employ* d.
AI*o, the names and compensation ot eaehch-ik or other
otbeei who ha  be< n tran-terred to his otttee from another
Depaitment or ofhee ot the Government ; when tians-
(i nod, and bywli.it authority. Abo, whether unv oleiks
or oihei officer.- are oi have been entplmed in hi;* office who
are now leceiviiig or have r<-tetv<d compensation (while
employed in his office) .i* clerk> or otiict-r* ot an> oi the
i>n)<i,ius .-ubordinatc to sjud SeeieLiiy,and by what authori-
ty of Congress oi otherwise < ueh cletks or officers ate or
have been so employed in his office.
Mr. BELL submitted the following resolution,
which, by unanimous consent, was considered and
agreed to:
R solved, That the Committee on Pensions inquire into
the jtt-ltt o and ptoprieiy of allowing Can Blevntf, wile of
Heniy Blevins, deceased, who wa* a soldier ot the Revolu-
tion, a pension
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following re-
solution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill granting to
the widow or heirs oi David L>mn, a s-ohber in he war of
181*3, five years' hall pay, in lieu ol the pension to which lie
would have been entitled.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, by unanimous consent, was consid-
ered and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate the number ol dealis occurring
annually in the United States squadioiton the coa.-t of Afri-
ca the number ot mi'ti composing the s.tute, together with
the an tin.11 eo^t ol tnai n taming it. Al o,an estimate of deaths
in this Mjuadrou compared wuh the deaths in other squad-
ums on toreign stations.
OBSTRUCTION TO NAVIGATION.
MAKING. Mr. President, I submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resulted. That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inctuiie into the evpodienej of making an appropriation
lor the r< inovat ol the obstructions to the navigation of Pa-3
Manchae, which were placed there by oider ot tien. Jack-
son in 1614.
The obstructions to which this resolution relates
were placed there by the order of Gen. Jackson to
' . t-  i i _ _  ...... iwp t l-n> lubaa
prevent the British from passing to the lakes.
They have remained therefrom the year 18J4to the
present time, to the great inconvenience of tho?e
I who wish to navigate the lakes to and from the
Mississippi; when l y opening this pass as it was
i ori inallv, navigators would be aWe to reach-the
I citv of Mobile at one-half the expense of what it
! now costs to go round. We have heretofore, on
many occasions, removed obstructions that have
been placed in navigable stieams by the order of
the Government, or any of the commanding offi-
cer- and liberal appropriations have been niade
for that purpose. t hope the committee to whom
I propose to refer til's mattei wnl look into it as
t.„lv as possible, and that their report maybe
such a one as will relieve us from the inconven-
ience of these obstructions in the navigation of the
Mississippi. While I am up 1 will make another
observation. It will probably be argued that the
