w
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Aug. 6,
Ohio, for he never referred to one so unimportant
fcnd/inane, still the member thrust himself for-
ward to ask questions, and he (Mr. G.) replied
with perfect good humor, though somewhat tart,
and yet by no means abusive, as the Chairman
and the Howse will bear witness. And to day,
instead of meeting him as any other gentleman
Would, by fair debate, he has gone into abusive
denunciation, which proved to him that the (i galled
jade winces.9 9 Let him take his remedy. Hisabuse
will be regarded only as the barking of a spaniel
at his heels—not worthy of notice, unless to call
for repelling force from ^he foot. To his con-
stituents (said Mr. <* ) he was responsible, and |
by them he was willing to be judged, by his
standing as a member of the House, in the esti-
mation of intelligent and honorable members.
But the principal purpose for which he had taken
tke floor, was to correct a misrepresentation made
by the gentleman from Ohio. On yesterday, when
he (Mr. G.) addressed the committee, he spoke
against the appropriation for the mail steamers,
and contended that that item, in a former bill,
for the support of the navy, was wrong. If it were
urged as a branch of the mail service, it was cer-
tainly inexpedient, for it expended millions of
money while the receipts were merely nominal,
if it were urged on the pretence of building up a
steam navy, it wj s inexpedient, because the char-
acter of the vessels was unfit for efficient naval
service. But some had undertaken the defence of the
mail steamers, on the ground of aiding and bene-
fiting and facilitating commeice; and this latter
ground he (Mr.G ) said was unconstitutional; that
Congress had no right to expend money to benefit
one particular branch of industry, however meri-
torious, at the expanse of other branches of in-
dustry equally meritorious; that there was no
more power to lay out millions of dollars, belong-
ing to the people of all the States, to facilitate
commerce than there was for agriculture, mechanic
arts, &c; and that ofi this view of the subject,
the man steamers could not be defended, but were
clearly unconstitutional. But if they were really
and bona fide constructed in order to build up a
steam marine, they would be constitutional; though
these he thought inexpedient, and had opposed
them from the first, because of the gseat #aste of
money, without any corresponding benefit to the j
people at large.
These positions he distinctly stated yesterday,
and every intelligent member must have ..under-
stood him, if in hearing. And if there should be
an obtuse intellect that could not apprehend and
comprehend distinctions as plain and palpable as
the sun at noonday, why he hoped no one would
be held responsible for such. JNow, if the gentle-
man from Ohio did not thus understand him (Mr.
Gr) on yesterday, he had innocently misrep-
resented him*, biit if he did thus undeisland it,
he was guilty of a willful misrepresentation. These
positions were so well understood, that in order
to carry them through Congress, they were put
into the navy bill, which passed this House, arid
was approved by Mr. Polk. And so far from
saying that that btil was unconstitutional, he dis-
tinctly and emphatically said it was not, and that
Mr. Polk did right when he approved it, rather
than break down the navy by withholding all sup-
plies, as the gentleman's vote tended to do, and
would have djne, if it had prevailed. He de-
fended the President yesterday, because he had
done but what was right and proper; and to day
the gentleman thinks he has discovered wonders,
because he says his (Mr. G.'s) vote stands for
the navy bill, which the President properly ap-
proved, because he had to take the whole bill,
or get no appropriation for the navy. But the
real point shall nftt be dodged by the gentleman
in that way. When considered as a branch ot the
navy, though clearly constitutional, still it is
a wasteful expenditure of the public money, and
the gentleman seems to exult at finding his vote
against the whole bill. Why that exultation? Is
it from the fact that he is opposed to the mail
steamers? How did the gentleman vote on that
single item m Committee of the Whole? Did he
vote against it? Who kept it in the bill? Then
was the time to test his opinions, and he must an-
swer these questions before he can extricate him-
self from his position, and exonerate himself from
the responsibility that attaches to one who squan-
dersthe funds of the Treasury. The putting of that
item in the bill, constitutes the real wrong, and he
cannot deny that it originated with Mr. King of
Georgia,and was mainly supported by that side of
the House. The gentleman comes forward champ-
ion-Jikejfor he seems to wear a military title, derived
from a militia commission, and doubtless feeling
quite chivalrous, and enters upon the defence ot
the Senator from Missouri, who he says was im-
properly attacked. Perhaps he may earn the title
of defender of the faith, but the character of the
defender, would not add to the reputation of the
defended, in the State of Missouri. Mr. Gr.
said, however, that he would take this occasion to
say, that np reference ever would have been made
to the Senator, but for the taunting expression
made by the gentleman from Ohio, who provoked
a retort; and though he regretted the expression of
the sentiment in that place, he had no qualification
to make, to the sentiment itself, understood in a
political sense-, with reference to political paities.
One word more. The gentleman has said that
some of his (Mr. G.'s) remarks were sup-
pressed in the Globe^ and that he had seen a report
of them in another paper, if the gentleman meant
to insinuate that he had caused them to be sup-
pressed, he pronounced the accusation utterly false;
and if he did not mean to make that insinuation,
he should have known the force of language better
than to have employed that term with the remotest
reference to him. He had never spoken one word
to the reporters on the subject, and had seen the
report only after it appeared m the paper. It is
impossible to report everything that may be said.
Some omissions will occui. But there are some
people whose moral nature is so deformed, and
whose motives of action are so corrupt, that they
are ever ready to impute bad motives to others;
and whenever he found one always ready to charge
improper motives, he came to the conclusion that
the allegation proceeded from a consciousness of
capability for the same act m the person making
the change. If the gentleman should fall into that
category, he hoped he would not judge others by
himself.
Mr. G. said, his whole purpose was accom-
plished—that of correcting misrepresentations, and
setting himself right on the subject of the mail
steamers. And he would again state, that what he
had pronounced unconstitutional, and the only
thing, was the position taken by some in defending
mail steamers, that " they would facilitate com-
merce." And having said thus much, he would
leave the subject, for he did not, he repeated, bandy
epithets, and had nothing to do with blackguaids,
nor with those who do not demean themselves as
gentlemen.
Mr. PHELPS said he undeistood the gentle-
man from Virginia to state, that the revenue of the
General Post Office Department was not sufficient
to defray its expenses, and to refer to the report of
the Postmaster General for the purpose of estab-
lishing the fact. The report of the Postmaster
General shows that the groes revenue of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1849, was $4,705,176 28, not including the
permanent annual appiopuation of §200,000 The
expense for the same time was §4,477,663 72;
showing an excess of revenue over expenditure
of upwards of s227,000—more than sufficient to de-
fray the salaries of the clerks and officers employed
in the Post Office Department in this city. But
the report of the Auditor of the Treasury for
the Pest Office Department showp, that since the
reduction of postage, a balance to the credit of that
department has accrued of g,60t>,338 17, derived
from postages, on the 30.h oi June, 1849. And
there has accrued the sum of &465,555 55 to the
credit of the department remaining m the Treas
ury by virtue of the act of 3J March, 1847, for
compensating the department for such mail ser-
vices as may be perfoimed for the several depart-
ments of the Government. The total amount to
the credit of the department on the 30th June,
1849, is, theiefore, #1,071,893 72.
My colleague [Mr. Grkln] stated, yesterday,
that the department had not paid its expenses, and
that I could not point to a year in which it had
been able to pay its expenses. I referred him to
the report, for the fiscal year ending 30'h June,
1849, of the Postmaster General, to show that he
was mistaken, and also to the estimates of the
revenues and expenses for the fiscal year just
closed, and which estimates have been,substan-
tially verified.
Without making further examination, X refer to
him to two years, where the revenues exceed the
expenses of the department, even if you add to
us expenses the cost of the management of the de-
partment accruing tn this city, which I estimate at
about $215,000.
Why, let me ask, as the expenses of the de-
partment, now proposed to be ehaiged* upon its
revenues, about equal the amount of the permanent
annual appropriation—why repeal thaL law, and
let these expenses be defrayed as formerly from
the Treasury proper, or let the appropriations for
that purpone be made, as has always been the
case since 1836, in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill?
My colleague yesterday replied to this by say,
ing that this amount was theamount to be paid for
the transmission of public documents, and news-
papers, and letters, sent by and to members of
Congress, and communications received and sent
by the departments free of postage.
My colleague at the same time boasted of the
minute examination that he had given to the sub-
ject, and that he was well informed on the subject,
and that this permanent appropriation was about
equal to the amount of postage which the fiee
matter sent by mail would have yielded if it had
been charged with the regular rates of postage. In
this statement there is an error.
The postage to which the free matter sent by
mail through the post office of this city, for the
year ending 30th June, 1649, would have been
chargeable, at usual rates, it* stated in the last
report of the Postmaster General, to be about
$&00,000—nearly four times the amount estimated
by my colleague as being adequate for that pur-
pose. In this debate allusion has been matte to
the mail steamer system, and the great expense
which in consequence of it is chargeable upon the
Treasury.
1 should not have adverted to this subject if
my colleague had not. I am opposed to it, and
voted against the bill by which the Treasury is
now charged for a portion of this service $874>0U0.
The bill providing for the mail steamers came
from the Naval Committee, and that service is now
in part charged upon the Post Office Department.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
since I have been a member of that committee,
have never sanctioned this system. I concur in all
my colleague has said in opposition to it.
But if you make the amounts embraced in the
first section of this bill a charge upon the depart-
ment, you dimmish the ability to establish new
I routes i am, therefore, opposed, knowing that
increased mail facilities are desired by my constit-
uents, to that couise of legislation w-hich will m-
crease the expenses of the department, and de-
prive the people of my State oi those privileges to
!j which I think thern justly entitled.
Mr. P. also referred to the revenue derived from
mail steamers, and stated that the only routes
winch thus far had yielded a revenue worth men-
tioning, were the routes from New Yoik viaCharles-
ton, Havana, &.c., to Chagres, and from Panama
to California; and referred to the report of the
postmaster of New York showing the number of
letters sent and received by those routes lor the
quarter ending on the 30th of June last.
Mr. PHECPS having concluded—•
Mr. BAYLY rose and was proceeding to make
some further remarks, when
Mt. POTTER interposed to a point of order.
Mr. BAYLY said, if the gentleman objected, he
would not trouble the Chairman to decide the
point, and he resumed his seat.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, a message had just been
communicated by the President to this House (he
understood) in regard to New Mexico. He moved
that the committee rise for the purpose of having
the message read and printed; they could then go
back into committee.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Kaufman and Ogle were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 76, noes 29.
So the committee rose and reported.
MESSAGE TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, by general
/consent,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication, just received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Robert G. Campbell, Esq., his Private Secretary.
