urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 6,
Mr. CAfiTTER. I lenew it.
Mr. BAYLY. I have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. 'Bayly] will proceed with his remarks.
Mr, BAYDY resumed. I had demanded the,
previous question on my motion, with a view to
stop debate in the House. I made the motion be-
cause I knew that debate here would obstruct all
other business. I moved to refer the message to
the Committee of the Whole on the ptate of the
Union, but did not intend nor desire to stop de-
bite altogether. On the contrary, I moved the
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, where we all knew that a lati-
tude of debate is allowed which does not exist in
the House. Nor, sir, would there be any unrea-
sonable delay in getting at the subject by making
that reference. On the contrary, the message can-
not be printed until to-morrow or next day, and 1
did not presume that gentlemen desired that the
discussion should take place, until the papers had
been printed. I hope that the Post Office appro-
priation bill will be got through with to-day. I
shall, as I have already announced, rail up the
Civil and Diplomatic bill so soon as the Post Office
bill is disposed of. It is not my intention to offer
a resolution to stop debate on the former bill,
until a reasonable time for debate shall have been
allcfWed. For, sir, if my call for the previous
question should be sustained by the House, the
debate on the message would be postponed only
for a Hay, and I presume its commencement sooner
than that cannot be desired, as it would but ob
struct the public business. I can see, therefore,
no impropriety in the motion I have made. But
as there is a clamor here among some of my
friends, 1 withdiiw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. HOWARD rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved that the message arid ac-
companying documents be laid upon the table and
printed. f
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] has moved to refer the message
and accompanying documents to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
they be printed. If the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] insists on the motion to lay on the
table, the question must be first taken on that mo-
tion. And it is not debatable.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion, f
presume, however, that i am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER absented.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (to the Speaker.) Is
it in order to move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
Mr. HOWARD claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman would
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. MORSE. Will the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] allow me a single moment ?
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot yield the floor. 1
wish to submit the few remarks 1 have to make
now.
Mr. HOWARD proceeded. On the present oc-
casion I desire to make only a very few observa-
tions on the message of the President of the United
States. It is as unfortunate as it is extraordinary.
It can have no other tendency at this critical junc-
ture of public affairs, than to prevent an adjust-;
ment of this boundary controversy, by defeating i
the passage of the bill introduced into the other !
wing of the Capitol on yesterday, by the Senator j
from Maryland, which might, m all probability, 1
have been so amended as to have secured the I
rights of Texas and the honor of the South. j
# In what attitude has the President placed the j
issue in the communication which he has made to i
Congress as to Texas? So far as the right of!
possession, if not the title itself, is concerned, all ;
the country on the east hank of the Rio Grande is !
assumed by the message to be in the United !
States. This possession, in exclusion of the ju- !
risdiction of Texas, the President declares he will i
maintain by the military arm of this Government, j,
It is true that, while he assumes that the country,
to the extent of the ancient limits of New Mexico,
belongs to the United States under the treaty with
Mexico, he recommends to Congress to make to
Texas a liberal compensation in money for her
claim. He draws the sword upon Texas, and
then calls upon her to cede her territory. As one
of the Representatives of Texas, 1 never will vote,
without positive instructions, to cede any portion
of her territory while the sword is thus pointed at
her throat. By no vote of mine, sir, is the State
to be coerced and overawed into a transfer of her
territory.
Sir, this message is an artful and studied mis-
representation of the most material part of the his-
tory of this subject. The President assumes, that
he is doing no more than to maintain the con-
dition of things as u existed after the conclusion
of peace with Mexico. He remembers to forget,
that one of his predecessors, in February, 1847,
in reply to the Governor of Texas, .gave assu-
rances to that State, that the temporary military
government established there for the purpose of
the war, would cease on the conclusion of a peace
with Mexico. The Secretary of State, by order
of the President, gave to Texas the following
pledge as to this military government:
" Tt is merely such a government as must exist under the
laws of nations arid of war, to pie«erve order and protect
th* rights of the inhabitant*, ami will cea^eon the conclu-
sion or a treaty of peace with Mexico."
The President in his message chooses to over-
look the fact, that, after the treaty of Hidalgo on
the 12'h of October, 1848, the Secretary of War,
Mr. Marcy, gave directions to the military gov-
ernor at Santa Fc, that all the country on the east
hank of the Rio Grande formerly pertaining to
New Mexico, was within the rightful limits of
Texas, and that the jurisdiction of it was to be
turned over to that State, and that her civil author-
ities were not to be interfered with by the military,
otherwise than to be sustained on all proper oc-
casions. it was to this effect;
" In regird to that part of what the Mexicans called New
Mexico, lung east ot'the Rio Grande, the civil authority
which Texas has established or way establish there, i< to
b$ respected, and hi no manner whatever interfered with
by the military torce m that department, otherwise than to
lend aid on proper occasions.in sustaining it."
This order was expressly recited and adopted
by Mr. Secretary Crawford in his instructions to
the same officer, of the date of the 26th of March,
1849, with the single modification that it was not
anticipated that Texas would extend her jurisdic-
tion to that remote region; but if she attempted to
do so, he would so arrange his command as not
to oppose or come in conflict with the authorities
and jurisdiction of Texas. That portion of it was
m the following language:
" f have to remark, that it is not expected Texas will un-
dertake to extend her civil government over the remote
region Uenj;imt«-d; but should she do so, you will confine
yotir action, under the clause above cited, to financing
your command in such manner a<% not to come in conflict
"with the authouties so constituted."
Thus both the administrations of iVlr. Polk and
President Taylor admitted the right of possession
to be in the State of Texas, and ordered it de-
livered over to her authorities. It was an invita-
tion to her to take possession of the country.
President Fillmore now changes these orders after
the right of possession has thus vested in the State
of Texas, and been acknowledged by this Gov-
ernment. It is a gross usurpation, and a fraud
upon the rights of that State.
The instructions of Mr. Crawford to Colonel
McCall, of the 19th of November, 1849, directing
the military authorities in New Mexico to aid the
people of New Mexico in the formation of a State
constitution, are not in terms a change of the
order of the 26'h of March. No boundary is
mentioned. Nothing is said whick could warrant
Colonel iVlunroe in authorizing the people on
the east bank of the Rio Grande to participate in
that State government. I am aware that General
Taylor intimated to Congress that he intended to
maintain the possession for the United States on
the east bank of the Rio Grande, until the question
of boundary was settled; but he never issued any
order to that effect. President Fillmore, therefore,
has changed the whole position of this question,
and threatens to uphold that change by the force
ofarms.
It now remains to be seen whether a sovereign
State of this Union can be invaded by the Federal
Government, and subdued within its own limits by
military power and violence. The solution of this
question will form an era in the history of this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. H. having concluded—
Mr. MORSE rose to inquire of the Speaker
what the question was?
The SPEAKER said, that the question was on
referring the message and accompanying docu-
ments to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordering them to be printed.
Mr. MORSE. So I supposed.
Mr. MORSE said, he ^ad been exceedingly
gratified with the remarks of the gentleman from
Texas who had just addressed the House, and
who had characterized this message as £ne of the
most'extraordinary productions of the age. And
he desired to say further, that he hoped the House,.,
before giving its sanction" to the doctrines con-
tained in that message, would refer it to a special
committee, with instructions to examine and ascer-
tain whether they were such as should emanate
from the House of Representatives of the United
States in the nineteenth century. He would go as
far in extending courtesy to the Executive Depart-
ment of this Government as any gentleman on
that floor, but he could not vote to print, much
less to endorse sentiments that seemed to militate
against every idea of State rights. It had long
been seen that the action of'this Government was
tendingto the annihilation of State rights. And,
sir, (continued Mr. M.) since the days' of the alien
and sedition laws, there has been nothing in the
history of this country that so completely annihi-
lates every idea of State rights as thievery mes-
sage.
Sir, the President of the United States, so far as
I can judge from the imperfect manner in which
I have heard the message read, tells you thai it is
his sworn duty to execute the law. It is true, it
is his sworn duty to execute the Jaw; but 1 have
yet to learn that it is the duty or the right of the
Executive Chief Magistrate of this country, to
decide a question of boundary between a sovereign
State and this Government. Sir, he cuts the Goy-
dian knot; he undertakes to settle, by an Execu-
tive edict, the rights of a sovereign State of this
Union to territory equal in extent to one of the
largest States. And as a neighbor of Texas, and
as a friend of State rights, I will not sanction by
my vote even the printing of a document con-
taming such monstrous heresies as this contains,
if I have heard it aright. 1 move, that it be re-
ferred to a special committee /or examination;
and in making that motion, I will take occasion to
say that 1 have no desire to be the chairman of
the committee. That is a right which belongs to
the gentleman from Texas. 1 hope, however,
that before the publication of such a document as
this is authorized by.this House,it will at least be
subjected to an examination by a committee, and
that the- report of that committee will accompany
it, when published, in order that we may see how
far a doctrine of this kind is to be sanctioned by
this House. 1 move that the question of printing
be refened to a select committee.
Mi. DUNCAN nextobtained the floor, and said
he did not r^e to debate this question, it seemed
to him that debate was out ot place at this time.
Befoie it could intelligently be debated, they
should have it printed -and before them; there
cuuid then be no room for misrepresentation and
mistake. Nor did he see what tfdvamage could
occur from debating this subject at this time.
They had no measure before the House for its
action; they were likely soon to have some such
measure, and upon Hall would have the opportunity
of expressing their views in relation to the whole
subject. He would, therefore, move the previous
question, and he gave notice that he should not
withdraw the motion.
Mr, BURT desired the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to allow him to move that the mes-
sage be made the special order for some early
day—say Friday or Monday. He desired to
speak to the message at the eailiest day.
The SPEAKER. The motion to make a spe-
cial order can only be received by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BURT said he supposed nobody would
object.
•Objections were made in various quarters.
Mr. HiLLIARD inquired wnat was the ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it was upon the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayj-T,] to refer the m^sage and accompnti) ing
documents to the Committee of the Whole on the
stateof the Union, and order them printed. The
Chair understood the gentleman from Louisiana
to move their reference to a special committee.
Mr. MORSE (in his seat) nodded assent.
The SPEAKER said, if the House refused to
