434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
furnished the sureties required, and I can see no
good reason why the contract should not be
awarded to him.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said, if the peo-
ple of Kentucky, Tennessee,- Illinois, and Mis-
souri are to derive any advantage from this reso-
lution, it is of the utmost importance it should be
passed, and passed immediately. The reasons
which make it important that it should not be re-
ferred to the Committer of the Whole, and thus
lost amidst the mass of business, or defened to
the latter part of the present session, are these: It
 S now the peiiod when the people interested in
the advantages to be derived from the resolution
are about to make their preparations for the cul-
ture of the article. If the resolution shall-be
passed they will water-rot their hemp, otherwise
they will pursue the usual course of dew-rotting
it. They had an assurance from the Government
that the hemp prepared by water-rotting tor the
use of the navy, will be purchased if of suitable
quality, before they will incur the expense of pre-
paring it in that way. This assurance the reso-
lutions before us afford, and I trust it will not be
sent to the Committee of the Whole, but immedi-
ately disposed of.
But (said Mr. S.) what stands in the way
of the p< ssage of the resolution? We are told
by thegentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong]
that one George W. Billings is eniitled to a
contract to supply the whole amount of hemp
the navy may need for a series of five years. The
chairman of the Naval Committee [Mr. Stanton,
of Tennessee,] informs the House that the com-
mittee have reported a biil,or resolution,directing
the Secretary to contract with him for furnishing
three hundred tons only each year, for the period of
five years. Now, 1 understand that at least seven
hundred tons are required each year for naval pur-
poses, and you refuse to pass this resolution,
which would give the farmers of Kentucky the
advantage of supplying t'our hundred tons of this
amount, because the measure of relief to Billings
cannot be passed with it, that having gone to the
Committee of the Whole. While I am decidedly
in favor of keeping the faith of this Government
■with all persons'who, have dealings with it, t de-
mand that justice shall be done to the people«of
the West. They have already suffered too much
from the action of this Government in regard to
this very matter of supplying the navy with hemp,
and 1 would protect them from the monopolists of
„the Noith, and protect them now and without
Wlelay. The two measures, the resolution reported
by the committee instructing the Secretary to pur-
chase A merirnn hemp, arid the one directing him
to contract with Mr. Billings, do not necessarily
conflict.' Let the resolution now before us be
passed, and passed now, and when the one in
favor of Mr. Billings comes up, if I find, upon an
investigation of the facts, that he is entitled to his
contract, justly and rightfully, he shall have it if
my vote will give it to him, for 1 will not'do injus
tice to any man. But do not refuse to puss this
resolution, and deprive my constituents and others
interested in the West, of the privilege of supply-
ing that portion of hemp needed for the navy
which may not be embraced m the contract of Mr.
Billings.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said it was true
that in this document the Secretary of the Navy,
in giving a history of the proceedings of the de-
partment as to the purchase of American hemp,
stated the fact that Mr. Billings furnished no hemp
under his contract of 1846. But (continued Mr.
S.) the particulars of this transaction were not be-
fore the committee, and were not, therefore, the
subject of its consideration. I certainly did not
understand that the Secretary of the. Navy had
placed his refusal to contract with Mr. Billings on
this ground; though such may possibly be the
fact. The circumstance was adverted to, but it
was said that Mr. Billings had a complete legal jus-
tification for not fulfilling the contract of 1846. I
know nothing of the merits of the matter. I will
not deny that such a failure, under certain circum-
stances, might authorize the Secretary to refuse a
contract to the lowest bidder.
The committee were called upon to determine !
whether, under the late advertisement from the i
Navy Department, Mr. Billings was entitled to ;
the contract. The opinion of the Attorney Gen- I
cwiflWai! Produced, pronouncing the bids illegal, !
chiefly because the prices for the five successive !
years were graduated. The committee did not
concur in the" opinion of this high officer; and I
think I may venture to say, there is scarcely a
lawyer in this House who would.
Further, Mr. Speaker, the committee were sat-
isfied, not only that Mr. Billings was able to com-
ply with his, proffered contract, but also, that he
had presented undoubted security. Believing he
was the lowest bidder, and his bid a legal one, the
committee could not see why the contract was not
awarded to him.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I have very little con-
cern in the matter, except to secure the purchase
of the western hemp, which, I am sure, is superior
in strength to any foreign hemp. I care not who
gets the contract, and am perfectly indifferent be-
tween the friends of Mr. Billings, and the gentle-
man from Kentucky. The Committee on Naval
Affairs has expressed its judgment upon a matter
referred to them, and it is for the House to do what
it will. I desire, at nil events, that the joint reso-
lutions shall eventually pass, whatever may be the
fate of that for the benefit of Mr. Billings.
Mr. BOWLIN said that he had taken the
floor to endeavor to bring back the question to
the legitimate proposition before the House—
which was, not whether Mr. Billings had a legal
claim to an exclusive monopoly of the hemp mar-
ket for the navy, but whether the Secretary shall
have authority to go into the open market, and
buy through his agents directly of the farmer who
produces the article, in such quantities as he can
furnish. This was the question, and the sole
question, for the House to decide. Mr. Billings's
affairs had been most improperly lugged into this
debate, with which it had nothing at all to do.
It was proper to pass this resolution, no matter
'what, the House might hereafter decide with re-
gard to giving Mr. Billings the monopoly of the
hemp market for the navy, at the expense of the
interest of the farmers of several of the western
States. This departure from the question was
taken by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Strong,] for what purpose or for what intent it
was difficult for him to perceive, as this was a
mere question of reference.
Mr. STRONG interposed, (Mr. B. yielding the
floor,) and said his reason was this; If this resolu-
tion passed, it authorized the Secretary of the Navy
to go into open market and purchase the hemp
needed for the use of the navy. If this authority
were given to the Secretary, they would then be
told when the other resolution came up for con-
sideration, that no hemp was needed, and that the
, contract ought not to be entered into.
Mr. B. (lesuming) said that he had intend-
ed to come to that subject, at another point of
his remarks; but, as the gentleman had invited
his attention to it, he would notice it now. The
proposiiion then was, that.as Mr. Billings claimed
a right to a monopoly of all the hemp to be fur-
nished for the navy—for five years to come—all
operations must cease until he was satisfied, or
until the House disposed of his pretensions, and
decided whether ihe inteiestof western farmers,
in their great slaple, were to be turned over to his
speculative mercy. Now, the gentleman did not
understand the proposition, or he did not want to
understand it—for nothing proposed in this reso-
lution, in the slightest degree interfered with Mr.
Billings's interest, even should the House finally
decide, that the farmers of the west held their
maiket at his sovereign will and pleasure. That
was a future question, and he utterly repudiated
its being forced into this debate, to forstall that
immediate action which was required upon this
lesolution. lie would, he said, endeavor to put
the question fairly to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Srr.OKC,] and to the-House. It
was simply this; That, since hemp 'had become
a great staple with the farmers of the west, there
had been a constant struggle, to introduce'it into
the use of the American Navy—where it proved
equally good as the foreign article—and thus to
encourage, as far as that consumption- would do
it, the farmer in that pursuit of industry. Agen-
cies _ had been established at Louisville and St.
Louis, to test and'purchase; yet, by the interpo-
sition of monopolizing contractors, these agencies
were perfect smeeures. They purchased no hemp
from the farmer who produced it by his labor.
When ^they brought their ten, or twenty, or of
fifty baies, they were told that there was no au-
thority to purchase—that Mr. B. had the contract
for furnishing all that was wanted—and they must
make their sales through him. That they were
compelled to purchase only from A, and could
receive nothing from B, C, D, E, F, &c., thereby
subjecting the whole farming interest, as far as
that staple and that market were concerned, to
the arbitrary will of the contractor,. They must
sell to the Government contractor; and as he was
the chief market, his will regulated prices. His
dictum fixed the market, whilst he received the
highest prices given for the article.
Now, it was to change this system of outrageous
monopoly, that the resolution was introduced, and ?
not to interfere with the rights of any mail. The '
Government had agencies immediately in the hemp
growing region, and they wanted to compel the
Secretary of the Navy !o make his agents purchase
from the farmer, no matter how small a quantity
he produced, that would bear the test, and give
him the advantage of the higher price, given by
the Government for the best article. They wanted
no intermediate pet between the farmer and the
Government market, who reaped as much benefit
for a breath, a word, as the farmer did for a year
of toil, and that too at the producer's expense.
Does the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Strong] now understand what is wanted on be-
half of the hemp growers of the West? They
wanted no advantage-—all they wanted was the
open market—or in other words, that their rights
and interests should not be transferred to monopo-
lists. What interest have they in the introduction
of American hemp, if the same system of monop-
oly should prevail with the domestic article, as
had heretofore prevailed with the foreign produc-
tion?- It would add nothing to the price in their
hands. It would hold out no inducement for im-
provement, in the culture of the article.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania feared,
that if we pass this resolution, and the Secretary
ef the Navy should try the experiment, it might
afford an argument against giving an individual a
five years' monopoly of the whole maiket. And
this is a reason introduced to intelligent statesmen,
to induce them to put the hand of pressure upon
the agricultural interest of half the States of the
West! Away with such reasons to him—he had
no patience with them.
Mr. B. again expressed his regret that Mr.
Billings and his private interest had been dragged
into this case. It had nothing to do with it. If
this resolution should pass, the present demands
of the Navy would be supplied in an open market,
until Mr. Billings's pretensions to supply tho
whole demand for years were settled. His was
an intricate matter, to be examined and decided
upon full investigation and deliberation, and he did
not wish to be forced to express an opinion about
it; but he' did not want this resolution to be staved
off to accompany his claim to a five years' monop-
oly of the market. This resolution would only
act until the other question was finally settled.
Then, if this House, in their wisdom and patri-
otism, should decide that the whole naval market
should belong fur five years to one man, and that
the ^western hemp-growers should be excluded
from it, the Secretary had but one course to pur-
sue, and stop purchasers in open market under
this resolution. This was all—and he could not
comprehend why certain gentlemen were so
tenacious about this resolution. It could at best
only act until this House, if such should be their
pleasure, should bind the Secretary of the Navy,
by an iron rule, to deliver up the farmers of the
West to monopolists in the hemp market. When
they made their rule, the operation of the reso-
lution ceased, of course. The Secretary of the
Navy must give out the contract to furnish the
whole, and he can, of course, purchase no more
from the farmer who raises the article, but must
purchase from the speculator, in obedience to the
decision of this House. This was all. Our farmers
wanted a chance in the market, in the intermediate
time, before this House determined to render hern
a sacrifice to monopolists. Is this an unreasonable
request? «•
Mr. B. was astonished at opposition. Did gen-
tlemen propose that no hemp should be bought for
the navy, until they had a chance of bringing the
western farmers under the dominion of one man?
If the Secretary was not allowed to buy Western
hemp until Mr. Billings's pretensions were settled,
would he not buy foreign hemp? Was everything
to stop until this House could force the Secretary
