1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
to give Mr. Billings a monopoly of the market? If
this was the plan let it be openly avowed.
Mr. B. here avowed himself to be the uncom-
promising foe to monopoly of every kind. He was
against it in every form. He never would con-
sent to put the agricultural interests of this country
under the control of any scheme of monopolists,
unless forced by a high legal obligation. They
set up that Mr. Billings has a legal right to this
monopoly of the hemp market, and if he has,
when the time comes for settling it, the country
must submit, however ruinous the consequences,
to western farmers. He would not himself, will-
ingly, vote against a legal right, though it should
press hard upon his people. But he would frank-
ly tell gentlemen that when they set up a legal
right to despoil his constituents of their hard earned
means, it must be so clear that there is no room
left for doubt, or he should denounce it in the most
unqualified terms, and resist it at every step. If a
!egal right were set up to plunder his constituents,
it should be clear and unequivocal. There must
be no escape from its obligations. Then he would
yield to it, and only then. He did not wish to
prejudge Mr. B.'s case, and hence his regret at its
being thrust into this debate. He might even vote
for it under the pressure of legal obligation. He
did not want to argue it now on a proposition to
direct the Secretary of the Navy to purchase, in j
open market, such American hemp as he might
need, until otherwise commanded by the House.
But, sir, to come bank to the question of the
committal of this resolution, or its immediate con-
sideration, which its fiiends ardently desire. To
commit it, is totally to destroy it. The House
had much better vote it down, and not hold out
any illusory hope of a market to the people now
preparing their hemp, which will never come if
this resolution is committed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, here inter-
posed, stating that the morning hour had expired,
and, with permission of the gentleman, (who
could finish his remarks to-morrow,) he would
move to take up the regular order of business.
Mr. B. yielding for that purpose, the House
went into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
california.
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd
in the Chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the President's message communicating the con-
stitution of California.
Mr. CONRAD addressed the committee upon
the slavery question.
Mr. PARKER followed upon the same subject.
[The remarks of both gentlemen will be found
in the Appendix.]
In the course of his remaiks, Mr. Parker, gave
way for purposes of explanation to
Mr. BIS3ELL, who said: I expressly disaffirm
all intention, in the remarks 1 submitted to this
committee- on a former occasion, of casting any
imputation on the Mississippi regiment. I could
not have been so unjust to that regiment, or to
myself. My object solely was to remove an erro-
neous impression which had been created, as I
'thought, unintentionally, of course, by the remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Seddon,]j
in reference to certain incidents of the battle of j
Buena Vista. I take pleasure in saying now, as ;
I have always said, that the Mississippi regiment j
bore itself as gallantly on that field as any other j
regiment there. I
Mr. Parker having concluded— _ ;
Mr. SACKETT obtained the floor, but yielded ;
it to , , , i
Mr. McDONALD, who moved that the com- |
mittee rise. . i
Me. CLEVELAND said it was apparent that i
there would be no legislation until this slave ques- !
tion was disposed of. He therefore hoped that ,
the committee would sit until four o'clock to hear j
S^The6question was then put on the motion of ,
Mr. McDonald, and carried in the affirmative
ayes 77, noes not counted.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
progress. Then,
On motion, the House adjourned till to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock.  
PETITIONS, &C.
The following petitions, memorials, &c.,
presented under the rule and appropriately re-
ferred:
By Mr. COBB, of Georgia: The proceedings of ,i meeting
of citizens of Iiulrma, c n vened at Indianapolis on the 9th
of February, 1850, us favor of a grant of public lands to the
surviving oificprs and soldiers who served in the Indian
Wfirs and in the last war with Engl tnd.
jjy Mr. JBEAIjE: The petition ot Franklin SomcrviHfc an'l
others, for a post route from Glenvilie county, Virginia, to
Hariisonville, in the comity of Ritchie, Virginia.
Also, the petition of Philip Cox and others, tor the estab-
lishment ot a mail route from Gilmor court-house to Ritchie
court-house, all in the State of Virginia."
By Mr. WALDO: The petition of E!i Hammond and
others, electors of the town of Somets, Connecticut, for a
uniform rate of postage, and the abo!iiio%of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Henry K. Keith rnd
42 other citizens of Kingston, Massachusetts, prayingr Con-
gress to reduce postage on papeis to one cent, and on pre-
paid letters to two cents
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of Joel Jones, William
D. ICelley, and 238 others, citizens and seamen of Philadel-
phia, ptaving that Congress should extend to the seamen
enir  ged in the war with Mexico the same bounties winch
have been niantod to the soldiers and marines.
By Mr. WOOD: A petition signed by Cyrus T. Smead
and"3i other citizens of Ottawa county, Ohio, ,nd also 18
ladies of the s-tme place, praying Congi ess to abolish slavery
where it has the constitutional power to doso.
Also, petition of E. Huntington arid 300 other citizens
< f the Maumee valley, praying Congress to make an appio-
piiation for the improvement of the Maumec river.
Bv Mt. JACKSON: The petition of N. T. William*,
cashier of Tompkins County Bank, C. L. Grant, agent of the
Ithaca Falls Woolen Manufacturing Company, mid 8U others,
citizens of Ithaca, Tompkins county, New Vork, on the
subject of cheap postage.
Also, the netition of Rev. P. H. Fowler, pastor, and Sol-
omon L. GilletU Simon Benjamin, Hiram Potter, Oinn Rob-
inson and Letter Smith, elders of the firt-t Presbyterian
church and congregation, Elmira, Chemung county, New
Yoik, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of It. S. Ila'scy, N. Cnttenden, and 40
others membeis of Ithaca Lodge, No. 71, of " f. O. of O
1<\," Tompkins county, New Yoik,on the same subject.
Also, the petition ot W. II. Oryley, John Cnehmon,and
40 others, citizen^of Havana, Cheinun™ county, New York,
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of 13. S. Humly, E. Jones, and 37other*,
citizens of Elmira, Chemung county, New York, on the
same subject. ^ „
Also, the petition of Martin Holmes, A. N. Harpending,
and -13 others, citizens of Penn Van, rates county, New
York, on the simp subject.
Bv Mi PRESTON KING: The petition of Daniel Palmer,
for an increase ot pen-ion.
Al-o, two petitions ot business men, of Potsdam, New
York, asking (or cheap postage.
Also, a lesohiton of a town meeting of Martinsburg,
Lewis counts, New Yoik, in tavor of cheap postage.
Also, the petition ot -28 men and 26 women, of Ca/.enovia,
New York, asking the attention of Congress to the atrocious
wrongs and stupendous frauds done in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Also, the pftition of citizens of Livingston county, New
York, asking for the abolition of slavery and the slave tiade
in the District of Columbia,- and of the slave tiade on the
A'laniic and Gulf coasts, and for a law to prohibit-Javery in
the Territories. .
Bv Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of S. G. McKee
and 23 others, euijfcns of Carrollton, for a mail route from
Canollton to Snleflf, Ohio.
Al^o, the petition ot Levi Boulton and 50 others, citizens
of East Fairfield, Ohio, lor a mail route from Canton, Ohio,
to Dailmgton, Pennsylvania. * , T* ™  
By Mr CARTER: The petition of Charles Ilav, Ehhu
Stanley, and 85 other-", citizens of East Fairfield, (or a mail
loute from Canton, Ohio, to Darlington, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. CLEVELAND : The petition of citizens of Green-
ville, Connet ncnt, for cheap postage.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of John Williams, J. E.
Buller, and 1J0 others, citizens of Jamaica, Vermont, foi
cheap po.-tag
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 85 citizens of Auburn,
New Yoik, piaying Congress to establish a unifotm rate of
postage, not to exceed one cent on newspapers, and two
cent^on each prepaid letter of half an ounce for all dis-
tances, and other conespondmgrefoims.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: The petition of A. N. Dills,
and 98 othci>, citizen? of Illinois, tor'a mail-route from Pp-
kin via Dillon, Armmgton and Mount Hope, to WavnsviHe. i
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition ot officers and soldier- of i
the late war with GreatBnt.un, re-siding in Brown county, j
Ohio, asking Congi c<s to grant them bounty laud*.
Also, the petition of citizens of Brown countv, Ohio,
askrig Congress to grant bounty land** to the otnceis and
soldiers of the late war with Great Britain.
By Mr. BRIGGS : The petition of citizens of New York,
establishing the latesof postage on piepaid letters, at two
cents per half ounce. .
By Mr. BENNETT: The petition of citizen* of New
York, for cheap postage.
Also, two petitions of S3 citizens of Chenango county,
New Yoik, for the free circulation of newspapeis, within
thirty miles of the place of publication.
Bv Mr. STETSON: The petition of E. S. Greeley, of
Maine, for compensation for damages'sustained by reason of
hia imprisonment by the Government of New Biuuswick,
while iri the service of the State.
Also, the petition of L. Hatnbhn and 80 others, citizens
of Orono, Maine, tor cheap posu.ge.
Bv Mr. COLE: The petition of M. W. Maitin, J. W.
I Blamhng, and 112 others, citizens of Grant county, praying
' tor the establishment of a mail loute from Mineral Point,
1 via Wmgville, etossing the Mississippi at' Wyoming, and
! intersecting the route from Dubuque to McGregor's Land-
Also, the petition of Governor Nelson Dewey, Judge Hub-
beii, and 262 others, citizens of Wisconsin, pravmg for the
establishment of a mail route from Madison to Mosses^
Mill, on the Lemanwiue river, in Sauk county, Via" Lodi,
& c.
Also, a memoiial froro the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin, asking for the establishment of the same routd.
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of William Bates and
335 others, of the town of Attica, New-York, praying
Congress to establish a uniform rate of postage on newspa-
pers of one cent, ami two cents on prepaid letters of half
an ounce for ail distances.
were jj ing
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Februavy 28,1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a cortfmunxation from the Secretary of the
Interior, in answet to the resolution of the Senate
ot the 19th, calling for information in relation to
the operations of Ihe Commission appointed to
run and mark the boundary between the United
States and Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. "WHITCOMB presented the petition of
Michael R. Boos for a pension, on account of ser-
vices in the United States army during the last
war with Great Britain; which was referred to thfe
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON" presented • the memorial of
Charles Findlay, in behalf of the chiefs, headmen,
and counsellors of the Delaware tribe of Indians,
asking the balance of pay due for services in the
Seminole war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Inilian Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
Edward Storer, a purser in the navy, asking the
allowance of ccrtain items in his accounts rejected
by the accounting officers of the Treasury; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
citizens of Lewis county, Kentucky, asking a re-
duction of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of mer-
chants of Providence, Rhode Island, asking a re-
duction of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
, Mr. FELCE-1 presented the petition of citizens
of Ann Arbor, in the State of Michigan, asking a
reduction of the rates of postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. . .
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens of
Williamsport, Maryland, asking a reduction of
the rates of postage; which was referred toihe
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.1*
Mr. JONES presented a petition of citizens of
Buchanan county, Iowa, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a remonstrance of
citizens of the United States against the further
extension of ^Vood worth's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents. . . ... „
Mr. B. also presented a petition of citizens ot
Wnterville, Maine, asking that a charter may be
granted to P. P. F. Degrand and others, for the
construction of a railroad and the establishment of
a line of telegraph from St. Louis to Sap Fran-
cisco; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. _ _ . .
Mr. CASS presented two petitions oi citizens
of Michigan, asking that compensation be made
to the 'widow and children of Herbert Lacroix*
for property desti overt by the enemy during the
last war with Great Britain-, which were referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DODGfE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of citizens of Iowa, asking the establishment of a
1 mail-route from lowav.lle to Memphis; which
! was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
: papers withdrawn and referred.
I On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa
j • Tfnf the napprs in the cast ot J- W. Aye be
! taken from tlie files w i,Ui oa
| cl3ims' reports from committees.
1 Mr BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
in" to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the people of the Rio Grande, asking
he establishment of a Territorial Government, re-
ported in favor of printing the same, wan the
