mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL(lSk
.The question was then stated to be on the
amendment of Mr. Chandler.
Mr. JONES requested the Chairman to state
whether, in his judgment, the amendment was in
order.
The CHAIRMAN stated that, inasmuch as the
amendment proposed to increase the number of
eleiks provided for by law, it was not in order.
So the amendment was not entertained.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend that item of the
bill which appropriated $3,038 for repairs of the
Post Office building, furniture, &c., by increasing
the amount to $5,000.
Mr. PHELPS explained, that this sum was re-
quired in consequence of the increase in the num-
ber of clerks in the Post Office Department. The
Postmaster General had estimated that an addi-
tional sum of $2,000 was necessary to procure ad-
ditional furniture, &.c.
The question was taken, and the amendment
Was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the item (previously under consideration) by in-
creasing the number of additional clerks from ten
to fifteen.
Mr. S , in explanation, said, he understood
from those who were more particularly interested,
and who knew more of the wants of the depart-
ment than he did, or than, probably, any member
of the House did, that these clerks were necessary
to facilitate the business of the department.
# The'CHAIR interposed, and ruled the amend-
ment out of order on the same ground on which the
Chair had ruled out of order a similar amend-
ment offered by the gentlen\an from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. STANTON appealed from the decision.
A lone; conversation followed on points of order,
after which—
Mr. STANTON, at the request of Mr. Jones,
withdrew the appeal.
Mr. JONES then submitted that there was no ne-
cesity for the increase of temporary clerks pro-
posed by the bill, inasmuch as authority had been
given during the last Congress to employ perma-
nently all the additional clerical service which the
public business required, and that provision had
been made for their pay up to 30th June, 1851.
Mr. CASEY renewed the amendment, and ex-
plained the necessity for the proposed increase of
clerks in the office of the Sixth Auditor. He said
that in consequence of the employment of the
twenty-two additional clerks authorized by the de-
ficiency bill in the Post Office Department proper,
the business had been sent much more rapidly to
the Auditor's office, (where were passed all the
accounts of the Post Office Department.) and that
it was clogged there for want of a sufficiency of
clerical force. The same reason for an increase
of clerks existed at the Auditor's office that had
existed in the Post Office Department proper.
The increase was absolutely necessary for the
dispatch of the public business; it was a mis-
placed economy to withhold it. He withdrew the
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER renewed it.
Mr. RICHARDSON renewed, and insisted upon
the point of order, that the amendment was Out of
order, as it proposed an appropriation foran object
not authorized by law. He caused to be read the
81st rule.
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto
tor any expenditure not previously authorized by law • un-
less m continuation olappropnations for such public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment."
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and decided the amendment to be in order.
Some irregular conversation followed on the
point of order, in which
Mr. HOLMES quoted the last clause of the rule
just read, to justify the decision of the Chair; and
said that the department being established bylaw,
anything necessary to the activity of its machinery
was a "contingency for carrying it on," and was
in order.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. CHANDLER said, that the remarks of his
colleague covered the whole ground, and rendered
any further explanation of the amendment unne-
cessary. It was well known (he said) that the
business of the Post Office Department was falling
behind more and more every year; and that no!
Aug. 0,
PETtTION.
The following petition was presented, under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. JOtINSO\r, of Tennessee: The memorial of the
RiiTm. J n b,°eM'0lders of Virginia and E,i.-t Tennessee
nnhl^ rin ™Pa,ny'-5'?i'ng ConBress to make a grant ot the
public domain, to aid in the construction of said road.
only from the deficit of clerks but from the great
increase of*the business. Twenty-two additional
clerks had already been assigned to the Post Office
Department proper, who (though still not a suffi-
cient force) had accelerated the business and sent
it forward to the office of the Auditor of the Post
Office Department more rapidly than it could there
be disposed of. Hence the necessity for these
clerks. He trusted that no objection would be
made. He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. POTTER renewed it, and said, the Post
Office Committee had received a communication
from the Auditor of the Post Office Department,
which explained the necessity for these clerks. The
communication being very long, he did not pro-
pose to read it entire, but at the request of gentle-
men around him, proceeded to explain it and read
extracts; and before he had concluded, his five
minutes expired.
Tellers (Messrs. Venable and Fowler) were
appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 66, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
A motion was made and withdrawn that the
committee rise.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the bill at the
end of the first section, by adding the following
words:
After line 43, insert as follows:
"For additional compensation to two night watchmen in
•lnG ?r"ieral 1 huildin?from 1st July, 1*349, to June
JU, l?ol, so a< to place them on the same tooting as the
watchmen in the othr-r Executive budding?, and to correct
an error in the act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year commen-
cing 1st July, 1849. whereby #130 was appropriated for the
" messenger,  instead of the two watchmen m the Post
Office Department, {Acts second session 30th Consress.
page 62,) $260. And the paid clause, makm* an appro-
priation of : dditiomil compensation of $130 for messenger
of the Post Office Department, is hereby repealed."
Mr. PHELPS explained that the object of the
amendment was to correct an error in the civil
list bill of last year, in the section providing for
the increase of the compensation of the workmen
of the Post Office Department.
Some explanatory conversation followed on the
part of Messrs. JONES; BROWN, of Indiana,
and PHELPS—after which—
Mr. PHELPS so modified his amendment (on
the suggestion of Mr. Jones) as to repeal the for-
mer provision increasing the compensation of the
messengers. [It is inserted above, as modified.]
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to amend the bill by
inserting the following, viz:
" For rearranging files of quarterly returns, and providing
boxes and cases, and for ariangmi;, indexing, and film?
vouchers in the aichivts of the office, $1,500   °
After a word of conversation with Mr. Potter
Mr. CHANDLER withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CASEY renewed it, and briefly explained
that there had been so large an accumulation of
the quarterly returns and other papers in the Aud-
itor's office, as to render the amendment necessary.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. POTTER renewed it, and said, there was
no necessity for this appropriation for the re-
arrangement of the papers. If they were deranged,
the derangement had taken place since P G
Washington left the office. While that gentleman
was Auditor, the papers were filed in such order
that the clerks could at any moment lay their
hands on any file from any part of the United
States. The present clerical force was sufficient
to preserve them in perfect arrangement.
Pending the question—
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee rise.
I he question was taken, and the vote stood 
ayes 56, noes 56.
The CHAIRMAN' voted in the affirmative,
making—ayes 57, noes 56.
So the committee rose and reported.
i\tr. JONES made an unsuccessful effort to in-
troduce a resolution, (which was not read.)
And on motion, the House adjourned.
- IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jiuguit 6, 1850.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial of pas-
sengers on board the United States mail steamer
Tennessee, on her voyage from Panama to San
Francisco, asking the enactment of a law to regu
late the number of passengers to be transported in
vessels employed on that route. The memorialists
set forth a list of great grievances, and complain
of abuses. They say that many who agreed and
paid for berths had neither beds nor sleeping places
furnished them, and were forced to keep in all
weathers on deck, or in such places between decks
as they could stow themselves; that so crowded
are these vessels, that, m the event of a gale of
wind, when the passengers are .forced below, it
could not fail to be fatal to the lives of many.
They call attention to the treatment of steerage
passengers, who, for the most part, belong to the
best class of citizens, accustomed to all the decen-
cies and comforts of respectable homes, and who
paid one hundred and fifty dollars for their pas-
sages, and expected in return fair treatment and
decent food, but, instead of which, the meat fur-
nished was frequently partially putrid, the bread
decayed and miserably scanty, and the vegetables
poor and unsound; that this unwholesome food
was frequently served, half-cooked-; amid filth and
all uncleanliness, on the forward deck, exposed (o
all weathers, where the stench of hogs and cattle,
kept to supply the table of the officers of the ship
and cabin passengers, rendered their meals so dis-
gusting and loathsome that it was with difficulty
they could lake sufficient food to support life; that
the entire saloon of the vessel is abandoned to pur-
poses of gambling, when not occupied as a refec-
tory, and the tables are regularly spread with all
the paraphernalia of gambling, piles of gold and
silver,and nothing is seen orheard but the players at
faro and rrtonte,by playing which men are frequently
ruined in fortune and blasted in reputation. They
submit the whole subject io the wisdom of Con-
gress, and ask such legislative provisions as shall
correct the evils, and prevent the recurrence of the
abuses complained of.
I move (said Mr. D ) that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator that the reference had better be made to
the Committee on Commerce. Cases of the kind
are numerous, and require the investigation of
that committee.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have no objection, and
will move that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which.was agreed to.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Montpelier, in the
State of Vermont, representing the depressed con-
dition of manufactures, and asking that the law of
1846 may be so altered or amended that manufac-
turers may be enabled to pursue their vocations
with no other obstacles than the vicissitudes of
domestic trade—heahhful competition—and that
the revenue law of 1846 may be so amended that
the material prosperity of the country and the dig-
nity of labor maybe preserved and perpetuated;
which was referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
to the State of Alabama the right of way and a
donation of public land for the purpose of locating
and constructing a railroad from the point at which
the Nashville and Chattanooga road crosses the
Tennessee river to the town of Chattanooga, re-
ported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
House bill for the relief of Jacob P. Montgomery,
repotted back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. MANGrUM submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolied, That Mr. Palmer have leave to withdraw, take
out a copyright for, and print on Ins own account, the doc-
uments entitled "A comprehensive view of ihe principal in-
dependent maritime countries of Ihe East," illustrated hv a
chart, winch accompanied the report of the Secretary of
btate to the Senate under date of the 23d of April last, and
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations; and that
the becretarj- of the Senate be anil he is hereby authorized
