1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to subscribe for five thousand c«pies of the work, together
with the chart, under the above title, for the. use of the Sen-
ate; provided the same shall be delivered by Mr. Palmer at
a price not exceeding two dollars per copy of not less than
five hundred pages octavo, printed on fine paper, and neatly
bound in muslin.
COMMERCE OF BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts, submitted the
following, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate, at the next session of Con-
gress, such information he has or may obtain respecting
the trade and commerce of British American colonies with
the United States and other placcs since 1829.
COLLECTION DISTRICT.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 300, being the
bill to amend the act entitled " An act to amend,
in the cases therein mentioned, the act to regulate
the duties on imports and tonnage."
The bill having been read a second time, was
considered in Committee of the Whole, and, no
amendment having been proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time by unan-
imous consent, and passed.
MAE OF TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the following resolution,
which was submitted by him on Thursday last:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Senate purchase for
the use of the Senate one thousand copies of Di^turnell's
map, which accompanied the treaty ot Guadalupe Hidalgo,
provided they do not cost exceeding one dollar each.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope -the Sena-
tor from Texas will give some reason why we are
to buy ore thousand copies of this map.
Mr. RUSK. The reason is precisely this; the
question of the boundary of Texas and New Mex-
ico is a matter which is much discussed, and of
course information will be desired on the subject.
The map I propose to buy is Disturnell's map,
which accompanied the treaty. J look upon this
map as material m this controversy, as it would
throw a great deal of information upon a vital and
important question, which should be desired by
those who oppose, as welt as those who sustain,
the claim of Texas.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
would like to know from the Senator from Texas
whether there is any possibility of purchasing the
'map described. I recollect that when the treaty
was under discussion, a resolution was introduced
to furnish each Senator with a copy of that map.
But when theSecretary attempted to buy the map,
it was not to be found. He finally furnished each
member of the Senate with a copy of a map, which
was not the map which was used in the treaty
and had the seal of the treaty upon it, but one
with many errors corrected, which were known to
exist in the old map. A map was furnished to
the Senate with those corrections in it. At that
time I called the attention of the Seriate to the mat-
ter. On the old map there were errors of latitude
and longitude which were corrected in the new.
And I doubt very much whether the Senator can
find an exact copy of the map used in the treaty,
except it be in the possession of a private indi-
vidual.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, if the map
cannot be had, the difficulty suggested by the
Senator from Mississippi may be obviated by an
amendment, directing the Secretary to furnish the
map, "if it can be conveniently obtained." Now
this map would cost more than the Senate would
be willing to pay, and more than the Senator from
Texas anticipates, if, as the Senator from Missis-
sippi says, it can only be procured from private
individuals, in whose possession it is. I would
suggest the amendment that I spoke of a moment
ago.
Mr. RUSK. The resolution is to obtain pre-
cisely such a map as was attached to the treaty.
Before I introduced this resolution, I had a con-
sultation with the publisher of the map. He in-
formed me that he had the plates of the map that
were used in the treaty, and could furnish a thou-
sand copies in eight or ten days at one dollar a
piece.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the Senator from
Texas, this is a map that puts all New Mexico on
the west side of the Rio Grande.
Mr. RUSK, (in his seat.) Itisjustsucha map
as was used in the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. HALE. And it is now proposed to buy a
thousand copies of this map, which puts all New
Mexico on the west side of the Rio Grande. Now,
to make it fair and even, I think we ought to buy
an equal number of maps putting New Mexico on
the east side of the Rio Grande. The proposition
now is simply to buy a thousand copies of an ar-
gument placing New Mexico on the west side of
the Rio Grande. I will not occupy the time of the
Senate on this matter, but I hope there is to be an
end to this. I should like some committee of the
Senate to find out how many agents of maps, and
books, and ships, and railroads, and pensions, and
of everything else, there are besieging this city at
this moment, and getting these resolutions passed
morning after morning. I am opposed to this
whole system from beginning to end, and have
voted against it, and shall do so again.
Mr: RUSK. Mr. President, so far as I am
concerned, I have no acquaintance with any agents
of maps, or anybody else, that tries to get reso-
lutions through during the morning hour. This
matter is debated and discussed here. This map
was made part of the treaty, as a description of
boundary. The observations of Senators have
gone forth denying the Rio Grande as the map of
Texas, and others affirming it. This map is a
matter of material evidence, if the discussion is to
go on. All that I ask, is, that these maps may be
procured, that everybody may understand the
matter. If the Senator from New Hampshire
wants this matter covered up, if he desires that no
light on the subject should go before the commu-
nity, let him object to the resolution. That is all
I have to say.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, there have fre-
quently been applications for the publication of
books and maps, but it does seem to me that this
has less ground to stand upon than anything of
the kind I have lately seen or heard of in the Sen-
ate. Sometimes we aid in the publication of a
work which contains valuable commercial or geo-
graphical information, when the publisheror author
is not able to do it himself. But here is a map that
has nothing peculiar in it, that gives no original
information. It merely happens to lay down the
boundary of New Mexico in a particular way, and
in reference to this treaty. That is all. And
every member of the Senate knows just as well
what that map contains as if it were hanging be-
fore his eyes. We all know it. We know every-
thing that is on it, so far as it respects this question
between Texas and the United States. Now,
what earthly use or propriety is there in our pur-
chasing a map of that description for this purpose?
I would be very happy to oblige the Senator from
Texas, but really it seems to me that there is no
just cause for purchasing the map. I therefore
move to lav this resolution on the table.
Mr. WINTHROP. I trust my fiiend from
New Jersey will withdraw his motion for the pres-
ent.
The motion was withdrawn.
Mr. WINTHROP. Mr. President, I desire
only to detain the Senate a single moment on this
subject.' I am one of those who usually have
voted, whenever I have been in either of the legis-
lative halls of Congress, for printing or d isiributing
any reasonable number of copies of any useful or
valuable work, which might be proposed by any
one. And, sir, even now, I should not be dis-
posed to object to«he resolution proposed by the
Senator from Texas, merely on the ground sug-
gested by the Senator from New Hampshire, or
on that suggested by the Senator from New Jer-
sey. But there seems to me to be one substantial
ground upon which we may object to this pro-
ceeding. My own reason, certainly, for voting to
lay the resolution on the table, if that motion
should be renewed, will be, that I am unwilling,
for one, as an humble member of the Senate, to
vote for any resolution which contemplates a post-
ponement of the settlement of this question of
boundary between New Mexico and Texas. I
believe, sir, there is nothing at this moment which
the interest and peace of the whole country more
emphatically demand than the settlement, in some
way or other, of this precise issue.
Now, if the distribution of one thousand copies
of this map were about to lead to that result, I
would most cheerfully vote for the proposition.
I would vote at this moment for supplying every
Senator—if the Senate are without them, as I cer-
tainly am—with a copy of this map, for his own
immediate use. But this resolution looks to a
distribution of these maps among the people of1
the country. It looka like an appeal to public,
sentiment upon this question of boundary, with .a
view to a future and protracted controversy. It
seems to me, sir, that it is altogether too late to
appeal to public sentiment on that subject. Our
duty is not to make the issue before the country*
it is to make the issue here, and to settle it without
further delay. The best interests of the country
call upon us to settle it in some way which shall
take the subject entirely'out of those controverted ~
questions to which it does not rightfully belong,,
and the amicable adjustment of which it so greatly
tends to embarrass and postpone.
For myself, therefore, sir, I shall vote for laying
this resolution on the table,on thesimpleground that
I desire—although it may be possible that no bill
may be presented here for which I can vote—yet
that I most earnestly desire to be able to find some
proposition, some measure, some bill, upon which
I may unite, now, at once, with other members of
the Senate, and with the other branch of Congress,
in running the boundary line between New Mex-
ico and Texas, and in thus putting an end forever
to all further controversy upon that subject.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President 
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senator from Texas
to be kind enough to allow this subject to be post-
poned.
Mr. RUSK. Very well.
Mr, PEARCE. 1 move, therefore, that the
further consideration of this resolution be post- .
poned till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
HONOR TO MAJOR GENERAL SCOTT.
On motion of Mr. CLEMENS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of conferring by law
the brevet rank of lieutenant-aeneral on Major General
WmfieJd Scott, with such additional pay and allowances as
may b<; dcemc-d proper, in consideration ot the distinguished
services rendered to the Republic by that officer during the
late war with Mexico.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to refer the resolution
to the Military Committee.
The PRESIDENT. It must b£ adopted, and
then it will go to the committee as a matter of
course.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate a moment, but 1 think this resolution ought
not to pass, even by way of inquiry. 1 do not
waftt to give countenance to any such measure,
even by silence. I think it is wrong, utterly and
totally wrong, for an infinitude of reasons. I will
not go into them, but content myself with ex-
pressing my dissent to this measure, totally and
entirely, in all shapes and phases, now and forever.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 hope the lesolution will be
adopted. 1 am not at all surprised at the opposi-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire. 1 think
that on various occasions, when the Senate was
conforming to the well-established rule of voting
thanks for services which had been rendered by
distinguished and illustrious officers, such is the
horror with which all military successes on the
part of the United States seem to be invariably
regarded by the Senator from New Iiampshires
that he has stood forward alone to oppose them.
This was the case both in reference to the late
Piesident and to General Scott. I hope the reso-
lution will be adopted, and the subject referred to
i the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
1 TEXAS AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PEARCE. I now ask the Senate to take up
the bill for the settlement of the Texan boundary,
which I introduced yesterday.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate postpone
the orders with a view to take up the bill making
proposals to the State of Texas for the establish-
ment of her northern and western boundaries?
Mr. WALKER. What orders is it proposed
to postpone? «
The PRESIDENT. All the previous orders.
Mr. WALKER. Is it intended, in plain Eng-
lish, to postpone the bill for the admission of Cali-
fornia ?
The PRESIDENT. No; certainly not. That
is not among the general orders; it is a special
order.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Chair will allow me, I will
state that it is confidently anticipated that this
