4S8
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
sion of the territory at some future time, and when
the settlement in it shall require. This is pro-
posed, upon the idea that it is not proper or ex-
pedient to give any assurance to that peculiar
people, the Mormons, by' providing a separate
•territorial government for them, or to hold out
any expectation that they will ever be admitted
into the Union as a separate State, It may be
proper that they should be admitted; but till we
know more of their policy, designs, and institu-
tions—1 speak not exclusively of religious insti-
tutions—I-should think that no Senator would be
disposed to do more for them than to extend to
them an adequate protection. The proposition in
this resolution is to provide for the Mormons, and
all other settlements and inhabitants, as in the case
of New Mexico, a form of government suited-to
their condition. They will want but little more
than the protection of our arms, at least, for a
considerable" time, against the depredations and
mae&acre of the Indians.
The next resolution proposes the immediate ad
mission of California as a State of the Union; and
it embraces the itleaof accepting iis present bound-
aries. It has been objected to the admission of
California that her boundaries are too extensive;
that her territory is too large; that two or more
States mightbe carved out of the tenitory assigned
to it. Be it so. Is it desirable that it should be
so divided, either to the North or to the South ? It
will make a large and powerful State, it is true;
but, for my part, I wish it had included the coun-
try of the great Salt Lake in addition to its present
territory. I care not how large it is. It will not
be so large, I believe, as the proposed new State
to be erected in Texas. It is objected, and strong
exception is taken to the manner in winch the
constitution was framed, but it should be remem-
bered that that constitution is satisfactory to the
inhabitants of that country; and upon what pretext,
therefore, can Congress object? We hear no
murmurings of dissatisfaction on the part of any
of the inhabitants of California. There was, in-
deed, a small minority opposed to it on some par-
ticular points, but they acquiesced in its adoption
by the majority. As to the competency of the
people for self-government, I would refer you to
the provisions of the constitution itself. It is not
acceptable to me; it is not acceptable to the South
generally on one particular point; but it is clear
that that is a point which we must concede, since
it is the will of the people of that country.
I know it is objected that many of the residents
California are not citizens of the United Slates;
'roat they are not permanent lesidents; that a great
portion of them are foreigners, who have found
their way into that country 111 puisuitof gold; or
that they are transient passengers. But where is
the evidence of that? The whole population of
that Territory is described as being about a hun-
dred thousand; and some ten or fifteen thousand,
no doubt, may have gone there with a view of
returning as soon as they have gratified themselves
by seeing the country, or in reaping as much of
its fruits as they can secure. But, sir, .there is
also a class of permanent inhabitants—not includ-
ing the old Mexican inhabitants—enterprising
men, who have become residents; who have ac-
quired a foothold on the soil, who have made val-
uable improvements; who have fixed their destinies
there during life. A large number of this class
are engaged in various enterprises; ,r.ot merely in
gold-digging, but in the cultivation of the soil, in
the erection of buildings, in the pursuit of trade
and commerce, building up towns and cities.
These are the portion of the population, at least
it was this description of population who had the
principal a°ency in forming this constitution.
They are satisfied with it, and that is sufficient
I have heard it suggested that this constitution
was framed under the exercise of an improper
influence on the part of the President of the United
States. I have seen no evidence to sustain that
suggestion. The initiative in the formation of that
constitution was taken before any message or even
any ship arrived from the United States conveying
a message from the President; before any intelli-
gence had reached their shores as to what were
the opinions and policy of the President upon
that subject. That is a fact incontestibly estab-
lished. And, sir, in regard to the recommenda-
tion which he afterwards gave through his agent,
even the impartial objectors to this constitution
do the President the justice to impute the most
patriotic motives to him; and I add also that he
was guided by what was then, and would be now,
under the circumstances, the soundest policy and
the truest wisdom in relation to the true interests
of this country. Wisdom and patriotism were
alike conspicuous in the policy of the President in
relation to th'is subject. And what was it? Merely
to give his countenance to the manifestation of
their true opinions regarding the form of govern-
ment which they should adopt. I have not heard
one intimation, public or private, founded upon
evidence or authority, tha£ he desired, meditated,
or suggested anything in relation to the question
.of slavery or no slavery in the formation of this
constitution, leaving the people entirely free from
any influence he might possess as the supreme
Executive of the Union. I am, therefore, in favor
of the immediate admission of California into the
Union with its present boundaries, in connection
with the other propositions which I submit. I
say nothing of what I should do if the question
were to come up stripped of all other questions.
The next proposilion proposes to regulate the.
manner in which and the time when the people of
the territories of the United Slates shall in futuie j
adopt State constitutions. That, I think, we j
all see the importance of at the present time. |
It proposes to avoid the irregularity and anoma-*|
lies which, in some instances, have heretofore at- j
tended the formation of Slate constitutions by the j
inhabitants of the territories, which are always ,
more or less embarrassing to the Government,
and are likely to be still more so in view of the !
great number of new States which will soon be;
pressing their claims for admission into the Union. |
I think the proposition speaks for itself.
The next resolution proposes that when Con
gress shall consent that the people of any terri- j
tory shall form a State constitution, they shall '
have the sole power to legulate their internal |
affairs and policy on every question whatever; ;
and that they shall be controlled only by the ex- \
press lestrictions contained in the Constitution of ;
the United States. This is only important in '
view of quieting for the futuie all apprehensions
as to certain questions which have heretofore
given much dissatisfaction. This is merely a
quieting proposition.
The last proposilion is that these several propo-
sitions be committed to the Committee on Terri-
tories, with instructions to report a bill in con-
formity with their spirit and principles.
1 have puiposely avoided, Mr. President, as |
the Senate will see, incumbering these resolutions
with too many provisions; with subjects and j
questions not altogether distinct, but which may j
be easily disposed of when sepaiately taken up ,
and considered. There is Ihe fugitive slave bill; j
I have taken no notice of that. On that subject I ,
entertain no distrust that whatever Congress can ,
do will be done. And so as to the question of the :
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia. I believe these questions '
can be readily and satisfactorily adjusted, if we j
can only settle this great question m controversy ;
relating to the ncwly-acquued Territories of New '
Mexico and California. i
Mr. President, I do not propose to enter into
any general discussion, or into the discussion of
the general principles involved in this question of
slavery now. Perhaps I may on some future oc- ;
casion; but I desire to be indulged, before I close, I
with a few remarks of a general nature.
I have not obtruded myself, as the Senate well |
know, upon the attention of this body in the dis-
cussions with which we have been so liberally en- i
tertained and inteiested during the present session. :
I have not done so, mainly because I did not be-
lieve myself able to shed light upon the path of |
other gentlemen, and especially when I could see [
my own pathway, or the one I was inclined to '
tread, so dimly. I have no bigoted conceit, or
confidence, with regard to any proposition, not I
even those which I have now presented. They :
arc the best, under the circumstances, that I can |j
conccive of; and upon the suggestion, and with the
advice of a few friends, I have undertaken to pre-
sent them. I do not know that they will meet
with general acceptance even from gentlemen
from the South, while I would be satisfied with
them, as indeed I would with some m a different
shape. Yet, sir, of what consequence is my in-
dividual opinion upon such a subject? I am but an
individual. The sentiments of the South at this
time may go far beyond any conception which I
may have of what they would deem satisfactory.
Mr. President, I believe I have been neither
more nor less agitated or excited, in contemplating
the present distracted state of the public mind,
than the nature and tendency of the questions in-
volved may fairly wairant; but I can readily con-
ceive how gentlemen coming from the South, and
perhaps having no greater interest in this question
than I have, or whose constituencies have no
greater interest in it than the constituency which
I lepresent, may indulge in feelings of more in-
tensity than I have done, or entertained views in
regard to the dangers which threaten the great in-
terests of the South more gloomy and desponding
than 1 am disposed to entertain; and, for jjie same
reasons, I can readily excuse the extreme proposi-
tions that have been forwarded to us from the
South, expressed in various remonstrances and
resolutions of legislatures, of conventions, and
of primary meetings of the people. Though
they may go beyond what my judgment would
approve, yet I can excuse them. It is possible,
indeed, that they may be the wisest at last; for I
believe I would not be a laggard in the exercise of
all the necessary means, whenever the contingency
shall arise, of resisting or of redressing any fla-
grant violation either of the rights or the honor of
the South. At. the same time, I must say, that in
the State of which I am a public servant here, I
have given no countenance—no encouragement at
least—to some of the extreme measures proposed
in the South. I have not countenanced the assem-
bling of the Southern Convention among my
friends in Tennessee. I have, on the other hand,
rather encouraged the reposing of a liberal confi-
dence in the North for the settling, not only of this,
but of all other great questions of national and do-
: mestic policy, upon ail equitable and liberal basis,
; as the best mode of repressing any hostile senti-
j meius on the part of the North against the institu-
j tions of the South, or of the South against ths
I North, on any ground whatever. If, therefore,
! any good should result from the proposed South-
: em Convention—and I trust that good may result
j from it; if it is held—I shall not be entitled to any
| credit for it; and if, on the other hand, evil
i should spring from it, though I may be a suffeier
[ with every other citizen of the Union, I shall not
] be responsible for it.
| But I am not altogether free from apprehension
as to the consequences to the peace and harmony
of this country, if those who hold the majority
power should, in the settlement of these distracting
questions, exercise it stringently and arbitrarily.
1 may have indulged in sentiments and opinions
in relation to the °ood sense, the justice, and the
patriotism of northern gentlemen far too generous
and confiding; but I shall not surrender those
opinions until I see the most decided manifesta-
tions of a contrai y spirit.
Sir, I am afraid that the sentiment is but too
common with northern gentlemen, in viewing the
demonstrations in the South of a spirit of deter-
mined resistance to the avowed policy of the
North, upon the subject of slavery, in the light of
mere bravado—of gasconade.
I have heard, ill my private intercourse with
northern gentlemen, the suggestion that most or
all of these extreme resolves at the South, these
extreme demonstrations, may be fairly imputed to
party, to the impulsive passions, and to the irregu-
lar ambition of political aspirants, and that it would
be discreditable and pusillanimous in the North to
yield a title 6f what they have considered their
true policy upon this subject, under such circum-
stances. I desire to tell these gentlemen, in all
candor, that I think they are mistaken. I have
watched the whole movement for years, and I
think I have seen a considerable accession of
strength to those who favor extreme measures of
resistance and redress among leading men in many
of the States of the South, not to say in all who
are not active participants m the party strife of the
day. I have seen, too, in some of the southern
States, leading men of both parties cooperating in
the same cause. Everyday I hear of some gentle-
man of intellect and influence, to whom it would
he unfair to impute motives of personal or parly
aggrandizement, committing himself to these vio-
lent resolves. Is it, then, the part of wisdom to
say that no consideiation is due to these move-
ments ? For, though it may be that the great body
of the farming and planting interests repose in
