mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 6,
bill can be given consideration and acted on daring
the mornmg hour. I trust, therefore, that it will
betaken up.
Mr. DAYTON". I regret very much to inter-
fere at a!! with my friend from Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE,(in his seat.) I do not care about
it.
.Mr. DAYTON. Tf the Senator does not care
about it, it i-s a matter of less importance, but, in-
asmuch as we are within fifteen minutes of the
tiroe for taking up the California bill, the effect of
this motion will be to supersede it.
Mr, EW1NG. I am not satisfied that this bill
should be taken ur> in advance of the other; for
that is to be the effect of this motion. As to pass-
ins: it through this morning:, before the morning
hour has elapsed, that is out the question, it strikes
me. f am not ready to vote upon it, and there are
a great many other gentlemen in the same situa-
tion, I have no doubt. It cannot, therefoie, be
passed through this morning, in my opinion, and
I object to taking it up and giving it a place in ad-
vance of the bill that we had under consideration
yesterday. I hope the motion will not be pressed
this morning.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to suggest—I believe the
Senator from Maryland accedes to it, and I hope
the Senate will accede to if—that, in order to give
Senators time to consider the bill, it should be
taken up now; and, as it is one of great import-
ance and urgencv, J will move to inakeitthe spe-
•cial order of the day for to-morrow at half-past
eleven o'clock.
On a division, tbe motion to proceed to the con- j
federation of the bill was agreed to—ayes 25, noes
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and is open
to amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. I move now to make this bill the
special order of the day for to-morrow at half-past
eleven o'clock.
Mr. PRATT and other Senators. Go on now.
Mr. FOOTE. Oh, very well, if you wish it.
Mr. GREENE. Oh, no. 1 hope not. We
took the hill up with the understanding 
The PRESIDENT. Really,Senators must ad-
dress the Chair. Gentlemen cannot be permitted
to converse across the Chamber.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I make the motion to post-
■ pone the further consideration of the bill till to-
morrow at half past eleven o'clock, and make it
the special order for that time. I think, if Sena-
tors will examine the bill, that we can dispose of
it by twelve oVlock to-morrow.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi, and to the friends of this bill,
without intending to interfere at all with their con-
trol or management of it, whether it would not be
as well to go on with it to-day ? Why not to-day
a® well as to-morrow ?
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that ( should be very glad to go on
with it now, but I find that there js considerable
opposition to it, and I am not disposed to press it
against that opposition. I hope, however, that by
to-morrow Senators will have had time to consider
the bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I wiil state, as a reason for not
going on with the bill now, that several Senators
around me voted to take it up on the understand-
ing that it should be postponed, so as not to inter-
fere with the California bill. That being the case,
I think that we ought in fairness to sustain the
motion to postpone it till to-morrow. I hope,
under all the circumstances, that it will be agreed
to.
Mr. YULEE. It appears to me that it would
be better to proceed with the Texan boundary in
advance of the California bill, and that course
would be more agreeable to me, for the reason that
the amendment 1 desire to propose as a substitute
for the California bill is a lengthy one, consisting
of some forty-odd sections, which it mijrht bp de-
sirable shoirid be printed for the information of the
Senate, and greaier convenience to myself in dis-
cussing it before it is taken up. I will also say
that, from the suddenness with which the Cali-
fornia bill hua been taken up for action, I have not
been able fully to prepare and arrange the refer-
ences I shall desire to make to material documents
connected with the discussion. 1 should suppose
that we msght make some progress to-day with the
bill of the Senator from Maryland, and we might
put it in such a shape as would be most accepta-
ble to its friends,, and the California bill might
await final action upon it. I make the suggestion,
because it would be preferable to myself.
Mr. FOOTE. So far as the matter now brought
to our notice is concerned, that need not operate
as an obstacle, because I shall myself offer an
amendment presently which will, I thinfc, occupy
the attention of the Senate to-day. I think so. I
am sure none of us would desire to prevent the
Senator from Florida from speaking at any length
npon this subject, with nil the aid which he ex-
pects to derive from those references to which he
has alluded. The nation will, I am sure, be equal-
ly edified as ourselves by anything coming from
the Senator from Florida on this subject.
The further consideration of the hill was then
postponed until to-morrow, at half-past eleven
^o'clock, and made the special order for that time.
SHIP CANAT. AROUND ST- MARY'S PALLS.
Mr. FELCFI I ask the Senate to take up and
read a second time the bill granting to the State of
Michigan t e right of way and a donation of the
public lands for the construction of a ship canal
around the falls of the river St. Mary's, in said
State.
The motion was agreed to, and the hill was
taken up and considered as in Committee of the
Whole
Mr. FELCH then moved to fill sundry blanks
j in the bill, as suggested by him; which amend-
ments were agreed to, and the bill was reported to
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I regard this as a very impor-
tant hill, and, though I am free to sav that I have
not fully considered it, vet T think it indicates
some new provisions,-different from bills of a sim-
ilar character which have already passed, and to
which I objected at the time. It does not propose
to give alternate sections, as do the other hills to
which I refer, making donations of public land
for the building of railroads and canals, hut seems
to be a general appropriation of so much land to
build a road in Michigan. I move that the bill
He over nivil to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I trust the Senator from South
Carolina will see, on reflection, that further delay
is unnecessary. This bill provides for the open-
ing of a communication between Lake Superior
and the great lakes upon a lower level, and lying
between it and the ocean. This difference in ele-
vation is about twenty-one feet, and a canal of
about three-quarters of a mile will accomplish the
object. There is not in the Union a wovk whose
! result would be greater in comparison with the
i means employed. Now all navigation into Lake
Superior is interrupted, and a double commercial
marine has to he supported above and below the
Falls of Ste. Marie; and in the event of a war
with Great Britain, if such a canal is not con-
structed. we should be compelled to build and
equip a double fleet, one to defend Lakes Huron,
Michigan, and Erie, and the other to defend the
upper lakes. A very small part of the additional
expanse rendered necessary for a temporary pur-
pose would construct this work, and make it per-
petual for all the objects of peace and war. As
the great landholders upon Lake Superior, we
I • eon Id take no measure which will more enhance the
! value of our property. The bil^eeures the rights
;; of the United S'ates in the most effectual manner.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not considered this hill,
i'1 and I cannot consent that it shall be at once dis-
posed of in this way. I am opposed, on princi-
ple, to this giving the public lands to railroads, or
any other work of the kind; and I cannot dis-
tinguish in favor of this case. It may be all true
what the Senator says, that this canal will be of
great importance, so far as it regards the TTnited
States, but it is not proposed that the United
States shall make the improvement, and have it
under its jurisdiction; for, as I understand it, it is
to he made by the S'ate of Michigan.
Mr. CASS, (in his seat.) The United States
cannot make it.
Mr. BUTLER. I know that it could not, and
there is the difficulty; and, therefore, as I am not
prepared at this time—whatever I may do here-
after, I cannot say—to give my assent to the bill,
I hope it will lie over.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA-
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for th« admission of California as a Stat®
into the Union.
Mr. YULEE submitted a substitute (of forty
sections) for the bill, which he desired to be
laid on the table in order to be printed.
Objection being made, the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. TURNEY moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert as follows:
' When it chall he made to appear to the President of the
United State?, by -satisfactory evidence, that the people in-
habiting the Territory of California, (or 9ft much of said
Terntory is comprised within the limit® proposed hy this
bill as Hie boundrtrie* of the State of California,) assembled
in co'iveniion. have ngr«*ed to a line not further rfoutli than
the parallel of 3S0 30^ north latitude as the southern boundary
of said State, and limned the representation of said Slate
io one Representative until after the nevt census of the in-
i habitants of the United Sta e?, the said State of California
\ may be admitted into the Union, upon the proclamation of
i the Pr< sident, upon an equal footing with the original States.
{ "Pec.—. Jliid be it further cnaclerf, That the line of
' 36a 30' of north latitude, known as the Missouri compro-
\ rwse line, as defined by the eichth section of an act. entitled
| { An act to authorize the people of the Missouri Territory
j to form a constitution and State Government, and for the
i admission of such State into the Union on an equal footing
i with the original St te«, and to piohilut slnverv iri certain
! Territories:,' approved March 6(h, 18-20, be, and the j,im«
I is herebv declared to extend to the Pacific ocean : arid the
! said eighth section, together with the compromise therein
i effected, is herebv revived, and declared to be in full force
and binding for the future organization of the Territories of
the United States in the >anip sen^e, and with the same un-
derstanding with which it was originally adopted."
Mr TURNEY supported his amendment, and
the debate was continued by Messrs. DOUGLAS,
TURNEY, and FOOTS.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by the bands of Robert G.
Campbell, Esquire, his Private Secretary,
j; Mr. BERRIEN. I ask the indulgence of the
ji Senate for a moment to make a suggestion. I
j, understand that the Executive message which has
!, been received relates to the Texas boundary. We
i| have a bill on the subject which has been made
| the special order for half-past eleven o'clock to-
I morrow, and with the assent of the chairman of
| the Committee on Territories, I ask the unani-
j mous consent of the Senate that the bill now under
j consideration be informally passed over, merely
| to receive, read, and order to be printed this Exe-
! cutive message. After that, we can again resume
the consideration of this measure,
j* Mr DOUGLAS. 1 presume unanimous con-
j sent can be given for the adoption of this course,
! and a formal postponerrent of the bill obviated.
Mr. PRESIDENT. It mars the Journal,unless
I it is formally disposed of. It can be laid on the
j table, and taken up again immediately after the
I reading of the message.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well, sir.
j Tfee PRESIDENT. With that understanding
| the bill will be laid on the table, and will so ap-
; pear on the Journal.
j The PRESIDENT then communicated to the
j Senate the message from the President of the
j United Stated.
1 [The message "will be found in the proceedings
( of the House.]
I Mr. DOUGLAS moved, and the message was
I ordered to be printed.
1 ADMISSION OP CALIFORNIA,
j Mr. DOUGLAS moved, and the California bill
1 was again resumed.
: The question was stated to be upon the amend-
I ment of Mr. "Turney, and, being taken by yeas
; and nays, was rejected by the following vote:
; YEAS—Me^r*. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bu'ler, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
; Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter. King, Maneum, Mason,
j Morton, Peaice, Prait, Rus-K, Sebastian, Sould, Turney,and
; Vule —04.
I NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Biadbury, Bright,
I Caf«. Clarke, Cooper, Davis, of Massachusetts, f ayton,
I Dirkin-on, Doricc of WtMJonsin, Dodge of Jowa, l)oiielas,
Evuns. Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jone*, Norris, Phelps,
Seivaid. Shields, Smith, Spruance. Sturgeon, Underwood,
Upham,'Wales, Walker, Wiiitcomh, arid Winthrop—32.
Mr. FOOTE submitted an amendment, which,
after debate by Messrs. CASS, BALDWIN,
FOOTE, DAVIS of Mississippi, and BUTLER,
was variously modified, sc> ps to be a proposition
granting the assent of the United States to a divis-
ion of'California by the line of 36° 30'.
After further debate, the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. YULEE submitted a substitute for the bill.
The substitute contained forty-odd sections, and
