1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1588
continues in force the existing government in Cal-
ifornia, not as a State, but as a territorial govern-
ment.
The amendment occupied some time in its read-
ing:, when
Mr. SOULE moved that the Senate proceed to,
the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was ruled out of order.
Mr. YULEE commenced a speech in support of
the substitute, and then eave way to
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, wh-o moved that
the bill be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Cadger, BarnwHI, Bp!!. Bf>r-
rifti, Butler, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
Hunter, King. Manyum^ Mason, Morton, Pratt, Soul6, Tur-
uev,am1 Yniee—19.
-NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Biiglit, Cass,
C!aik<% Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts Duton, Dickin-
son, Dodge of VVfsco Mil, Douglas, Ewing, FHoh, Gret  r,
Hale, Jone«, Norris, Plifclp>, Sewaid, Shields, Smith,
Spiuance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upliain, Wales, Walker,
Wfnicomb, and Winthrop--30.
So the Senate refused to postpone the bill.
Mr. YULEE resumed his remarks, and in afew
moments gave way to
Mr. BADGER, who moved that the Senate ad-
journ. And, the question being taken, the Senate
refused to adjourn, by the following vole:
Y< A^—M^r*. AtcliifOn, Badger, liainwrll, Bel!, Ber-
rien, Butler. Davis of Mb" t*stppi, Dawson, D>>wn ,Huut«-r,
Kmg, Manguiu, Mason,Morton, Pratt, Soul6, Tuiney, and
Yulee—]8.
N VYS—Mf-ssrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Oa<s, Clarke,
Davis of M is&aclu^eits, Dajton, Dielous-on, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of iov\a, Douglas, Ewing, F-kli, Greene,
Hate, H.initin, Houston, Jones, Noiri-, Phelps, Seward,
Shields, Smith, SpriMitee, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upiiam,
Wales, Whitcomb, aud WirHhiop—30.
Mr. YULEE again resumed his remarks, and
after some time, gave way to
Mr. SOULE, who moved that the Senate ad-
journ. And, the question being taken^ the motion
was negatived by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bell, Butler, Davis
of Mi.ssi^ippi, Dioknu-on, Down>, Hunter, King, Mangum,
Ma>on, Morion, Pratt, Sebastian, Soul6, and Yulte—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Cass, Clarke, Cooper,
D.ivip or Massachusetts, Da\ ton,'Dodgt ot Wi-coiu-ui, D .dgt-
of Iowa, Douglas, E«ving, Fdeh, Greene, Hamlin, Hou>ton,
Jones, Noriis, Phelps, Sovv.trd, Shields, Smith, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Underwood, Uphaui, Wales, Whitcoinb, and
Winthrop—28.
Mr. PRATT moved that the Senate adjourn. «
Mr. DOUGLAS raised the point of order. No
business had intervened since a like motion had
been made and rejected.
The CHAIR sustained the point of order.
Mr. SOULE ihoved that the bill be postponed
till to-morrow.
A debate ensued upon the respective powers of
endurance of the friends and the opponents of the
bill, and upon the propriety of sitting the bill out
to-night; in which Messrs. ATGHfSON, UN-
DER WOOD, BUTLER, FOOTE, YULEE, and
MANGUM, advocated the postponement, and
Messrs. DODGE of Iowa, DOUGLAS, and
DICKINSON, opposed the postponement.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. .DAYTON called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
resulted in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Atchison, Barnwell. Bell, Butler, Davis
of Mississippi, Down-f, Foot*-*, Houston, Ilunf-i, King, Mari-
gum, Mason, Morton, Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Seba&tuui, souid,
Turuey, Underwood, and Yuh-e—21.
NAY'S—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Clarke, Davis
of Ma-suchusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Wwoiisin,
Dod"e of lovva, Douglas, Ewing, Feich, Greene, Hamlin,
Jones, Norn*, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Upham,
Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and Wiuihrop—93.
The question recuricd on the motion to post-
pone, and it was also rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bell, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Downs, Fooie, Houston, King, Mangum, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Soui6, Stutgeon, Turuey, Underwood, and
Y u lee 17.
FJ.\STS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bristllt, Clarke, Davis
ofMassacliuseits, D.tyton, Dodge ot Wi-coiism, DoiJg« of
Iowa, Doujria.-., Ewing, Jones, ri^'.vani, Smith, fcpril.uiee,
Uphiun, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb, and Wluuttirup—
S3.
Mr. YULEE resumed his remarks, and had pro-
ceeded about ten minutes, when
Mr. SOULE called the attention of the Chair
to the' fact that there was not a quorum present.
The CHAIR directed the Sergeant-at-urms to
count the members present. After a pause,
The CHAIR announced that there was a quo-
rum present.
Mr. YULEE again resumed, and after he had
spoken a few sentences,
Mr. SOULE again called the attention of the
Chair to the fact that there was no quorum pres-
ent.
The Sergeant-at-arm counted the Senators pres-
ent, and
The CHAIR announced that there was no quo-
rum present.
Mr. DOUGLAS inquired whether there could
be a calFof the Senate ?
The CHAIR replied theie could not,
Mr. SOULE moved the Senate adjourn.
And the question being taken, the Senators
present refused to adjourn—yeas 7, nays 93.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the Sergeant-at-
1 arms be directed to go after the absent members,
i and bring them to the Senate. And the motion
was agreed to.
| The PRESIDENT directed the Sergeant-at-
arms to bring in the absent members.
I After some considerable delay,
I Mr. DOUGLAS said that, as several of the
' friends of California who had promised to stand
1 by the bill had gone home and abandoned her, he
| moved the Senate adjourn.
! And then the Senate, at five o'clock, adjourned,
i [A full account of the day's debate will be found
in the Appendix ]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlugust 7, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. RICHARDSON (no objection being made)
gave nonce of his intention, on a future day, to ask
leave to introduce a bill granting a portion of the
unsold public lands tn the county of Greene, m
the State of Illinois, to the White Hall Male.and
Female Acadcmy and Orphan A«ylum.
THE DEAF, BLIND, INSANE, &C.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he wished to make
an inquiry nf some gentleman upon the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. It would be iecollected,that
some time since a resolution had passed the House
instructing that committee to leport a bill granting
a township of land in each State for the purpose
of supporting, or assisting to support, an institu-
tion for the benefit of the deaf, the dumb, the blind
and insane. He wished to kijow whether that
committee had reported such a bill? or whether
they might be expected to report such a bill soon?
He hoped some gentleman would answer the in-
quiry.
The SPEAKER said, this conversation was
out of order, and could be only carried on by the
unanimous consent of the House.
The SPEAKER proceeded further to call the
committees.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked and ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files certain pa-
pers.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he would like to
reply to the inquiries of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot proceed, unless by general consent.
No objection being made—
Mr. COBB proceeded to state, that, in conse-
quence of the absence of the chairman and the
indisposition of many of the members, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands had had but few—perhaps
not more than two—meetings since their action
upon the resolution which they had last reported.
At one of these, they had had under consideration
a bill, introduced very early in the session, to re-
duce and graduate tile pi ices of the public lands.
Tlie committee, he would state, had acted favora-
bly upon this bill, and had placed it m the hands of
a gentleman who was authorized to report it to
the House. At the last meeting of the committee,
(yesterday,) the resolution referred to by the gen-
tleman from Illinois had been brought up, and
postponed, in consequence of the committee not
being able to act upon it. The committee in-
tended, he was sure, to act upon the suiiject, and,
he had no doubt, at an early day would report a
bill.
CLAIMS ON PORTUGAL.
Mr. HOLMES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate (if not incompatible with the public
interest) the amount of the several claims, of the Jtmted
States against Portugal; the imiure of those elaimapthe
correspondence upon the subject, both at Washington and
Ijishon, between the two Government*; also, the amotftrt
and nature of claims preferred by Portugal against - the
United Htati-s, and all the correspondence between ilie two
Governments.
The SPEAKER said, if no objection was made
the resolution would be received.
No ob|ection being made,
The resolution was received.
Mr. WENTWORTH suggested to the gentle-
man from South Carolina to modify his resolution
by adding a pioviso, viz: " Provided that it be not
incompatible with the public interest."
Mr. HOLMES accepted the suggestion, and
modified his lesolution accordingly.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Do 1 unddtstand that
the consent of the House is given to the gentle-
man from South Carolina to introduce this reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heard no ob-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The resolution, then,
is before ihe House for consideration?
The SPEAKER replied, that the resolution was
before the House, and the question.would be upon
its adoption.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, he would avail him-
self of the present opportunity to notice certain
I reports which had no doubt prompted the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] to move
the pending resolution. It had been published in 
the newspapers of this couritty—extensively pub-
lished—that Mr. Clay, our charge d'affaires near
the Government of Portugal, had been instructed
to make a final demand upon that Government for
payment of certain claims due to citizens of the
United States, and which had remained unpaid .
since 1814: and that in the event of the refusal or
failure of the Government to answer satisfactorily
upon the subject, a squadron of the navy of tha
United States had been ordered to open a camion-
a le upon the city of Lisbon. Mr. lVtcC. said he
bad noticed these publications, and he supposed
there was no other authority for them than the
fact that two of the ships of war of the United
States had been seen in the Tagus, hefoie Lisbon.
He had considered these reports to be wholly un-
founded, and had not deemed them worthy of se-
rious inquiry.
Mr. HILLIARD (interposing) desired to in-
quire if he had understood the chairman of the.
Committee on Foreign Affairs to say that he bad
information showing that any fleet, or any portion
of the naval force of the count! y, had been ordered
to Portugal, with a view of enforcing our claims,
or intimidating that Power?
Mr. McCLERNAND replied that he had been
making a statement, by implication, the very re-
verse.
These reports (he continued) attributed to the
Executive of this country a power as absolute
over peace or war as that which appertained to
the Executive of the most despotic Government of
Europe. The President of the United States pos-
sesses no power under our Constitution of gov-
ernment, either to declare war, or to declare a
blockade in time of peace. These powers, by the
express grant of the Constitution, belong to Con-
gress, and any attempt to exercise them by the
Executive, without the previous consent of Con-
gress, would be a most dangerous usurpation of
au hority—such an usurpation as would be uni-
versally condemned in tins country. He had not
supposed, and did not suppose that the President
histl been guilty of any such usurpation.
It was probably true, that our charge d'affaires
i at Lisbon'had been instructed to make a final de-
mand upon iheGovemment of Portugal, and thatin
the contingency of the failure or relusal of that
Government to answer the di mand satisfactoi ily,
one of our vessels had been ordered to receive
Mr. Clay, and to convey him home. This was
probably all that had been done under the orders
of this Government.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, said that the
newspapeis of the morning state that Mr. Clay,
the charge at Lisbon, had demanded his passports,
i and was preparing to leave his post, and that the
American ships of war had sailed from the Tagus.
Unde#thrse circumstances,a communication from
the Piesident will, Uoubtitss, shortly be made to
Congress, and the object of the proposed inquiry
will thus be accomplished, without interference on
