1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7f
th^fiart of this House, which, therefore, need not
move in the matter. 1 therefore object to the con-
sideration of this resolution.
The SPEAKER ruled that the objection came
too late, as the resolution had been received.
Mr, ASHMUN inquired if the resolution, being
a call upon the departments for information, must
not He over one day under the rules?
The SPEAKER stated that this objection also
came too late*, the resolution having been taken up
and been under consideration for some time, and
the Chair having announced the question upon
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the
resolution. It was read.
Mr. ASHMUN. As the information we have
through thl public prints shows that the matter is
a delicate one, and that a delicate negotiation is at
this time pending, 1-suggest to the gentleman
from South Carolina, the propriety of allowing the
resolution to He upon the table for one day, to give
time for reflection.
Mr. HOLMES replied, that the subject was one
of two much importance, involving as it did inter-^.
national affairs, and perhaps the peace of this^
country with a highly respectable, though com-
paratively small power of Europe, for him to have
introduced this resolution without much and seri-
ous reflection. The State which he represented
had a direct interest in the matter, as affectingthe
rice trade and the Madeira imports, and he felt it
his duty, as a member of that branch of the Gov-
ernment invested with the function of declaring
war, to demand of the Government all the infor-
mation in respect to proceedings which might
involve us in difficulties with foreign powers.
This House had on former occasions been guilty
• of negligence in suffering the Executive branch of
the Government to proceed so far as to make it a
point of honor *' that we should declare war." If
we were intrusted by the Constitution with the
power of making war, we were expected by the
people, whose rights and interests, and hunors
were involved, to watch all the proceedings of the
Executive which might by possibility lead,to that
war. On the present occasion, a demand is made
uptm Portugal for indemnity, arising from .the
capture of the General Armstrong, an American
privateer, by'a British fleet, in the year 1814. At
that time we were at war with Great Britain.
Portugal -was a neutral power. The General
-Armstrong was lying in the port of Fayal, under
the guns of a fort, and was captured by a British
fleet. The fort was> manned by eight men and
had two old guns.
The owners of the privateer General Armstrong
claimed, through this Government, indemnity from
Portugal, as a neutral power suffering a capture in
her waters.
To this demand Portugal feplies her inability,
with her small force, to have protected, and de-
mands redress from the British Government.
The British Government agree to indemnify the
families of those persons who were killed in Fayal,
but refuses indemnity for the destruction of the
General Armstrong, on the ground that the priva-
teer fired the first gun. Our Government, appar-
ently satisfied with ihe answer, suffers the matter
to drop. In the last few years, however, the
owners of the privateer again urge upon the Gov-
ernment their claim for indemnity. Two succes-
sive Administrations refuse, through their Secre-
taries of State, to revive the claim. The last
Administration, however, through Mr. Clayton,
Secretary of State, think proper to revive it, and
to make a peremptory demand of the Portuguese
Government; nay, even refuse to submit the mat-
ter to aititration, on the ground that it is a private
cL-im,—as if all Government claims are not on pri-
vate account, except where injury has been done
to national property; as if the claims between
Great Britain and ourselves, submitted to arbitra-
tion at the treaty of Ghent for indemnity for ne-
groes earned away were not private; as if we did
not submit our private claims against Mexico to
the arbitration oi Prussia. But, under this flimsy,
untenable pretext, arbitration being refused, our
" charge at Lisbon" is ordered to make a final de-
authorized to enforce the indemnity; but the ques-
tion arises, how came so large a fleet in the Tagus?
It may have been without authority; it mighthave
been a pleasure excursion. But whatever may
have been the cause, it behooves us to know that
cause.
There can, therefore, be no impropriety in
making of the Executive the lequest for the cor-
respondence in question. And it is surely be-
coming in this House, intrusted with such great
interests as war and peace, to inquire Sito these
startling events; and to see that the power of the
Executive, which has so long been on the increase,
do not absorb all the other powers of the Govern-
ment. It is the policy of this Government to re-
main, as far as possible, neutral; and it does not
become us to set an example of onerous exactions
for other neutrals, when we happen to be a bel-
ligerent. I hesitate not to say that it will best
comport with the honor and dignity of this nation,
in contest with a weakerpower, upon a mereques-
tion of indemnity for property taken or destroyed,
to submit the matter to arbitration. And if the
facts be as stated, i trust that this House will
legislate upon the matter, and pass an act to sub-
mit to arbitration. 1 must, therefore, insist upon
my resolution.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, remarking that he
apprehended the House would notdesire to go into
a debate upon the resolution, moved the previous
question.
Mr. ASHMUN addressed the Chair, and was
recognized.
Mr. HILLIARD appealed to the gentleman
from Illinois to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER stated that he had recognized
the gentleman from Massachusetts, but the pre-
vious question having been moved, debate was not
in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to his colleague
[Mr. Harris] to withdraw his demand for the
previous question, to enable him (Mr. McC.) to
express an opinion as an offset to that of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, on the merit of the
claim growing out of the case of the General Aim-
strong. He differed with the gentleman upon that
point.
Mr. ASHMUN said, he hoped the previous
question would be voted down, to afford an oppor-
tunity to answer the remarks of the gentleman
from South Carolina.
Mr. HARRIS said, as there seemed to be a
general disposition to go into this debate, he would
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN. Whatever of doubt or hesita-
tion I might have at first had as to the propriety
of introducing, or the expediency of adopting the
resolution of the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, 1 now have none. The remarks which have
just fallen from that gentleman, are of such a char-
acter as to demand a moment's notice, and requne
that the resolution should receive an unanimous
support; not on account of the merits of the reso-
lution itself, but in order that no misrepresentation
nor misapprehension should be permitted to take
hold of the popular mind. That gentleman has,
by implication at least, said that the Executive
has, 111 the measures adopted for the enfoicement
of the claims against Poitugal, exercised poweis
not conferred upon him by the Constitution or by
Congress; in other words, that he has, without
the previous authority of Congress, presumed to
exercise the war power. Now, sir, if any such
thing has been done, or is proposed to be done, I,
for one, desire to know it, and to denounce it, and
, to call upon this House to condemn it; as 111 a for-
| mer instance it emphatically did.
; The gentleman alluded to the case of the unau-
j thorized exercise of the war power by Mr. Polk,
i ^ ordering the army to the Rio Giande, by which
: the Mexican war was precipitated upon us; and
seemed to express a fear that a similar act was
; now about to produce similar results. Sir, I
, have no fear that the late President, (General Tay- ,
1 lor,) nor the present one, (Mr. Fillmore,) will !
ever be guilty of any such usurpation. If they
should, I will be one of the fust and the loudest
mand, and an American fleet makes its appearance ; in the denunciations which such an act would de
off Lisbon. Europe oecorv.es startled at the intelli- '*
gence; members of the British Parliament Justify
their threatened repnvals against Greece from the
attitude assumed by us in Portugal. Now, it is :
true that we knew the fleet could not have' been -
serve; and I am sure that every gentleman on this I
side of the House will, as they did in the case of I
Mr. Polk, cheerfully give a vote which snould fix
upon the Journals of the House, its emphatic cen-
sure. And now that the gentleman, from South
Carolina [Mr. Holmes] has thrown out intima-
tions that possibly some similar acts had been
done, I desire that there should be the fullest,
freest, and deepest research, by any resolution he
may bring in. Let the Executive Department be
probed to the bottom, and my word for it, no pre-
tence for any such intimation or suspicion can be
found.
. When this resolution was first read, I confess
that it did seem to me to be premature. The con*
dition of our gelations with Portugal are just now
| of the most delicate nature; and, indeed, from the
reports which have to-day reached us by telegraph,
it is quite clear that the Administration cannot
have received as yet official information of the
state of the negotiations which have been in prog-
ress in Portugal. No satisfactory answer can,
therefore, be given to a call upon the Executive.
The gentleman says that Europe is alarmed, and
that this matter has been spoken of in the British
Parliament. Sir, I do not think there is any dan-
ger, or cause for alarm either here or m Europe;
at all events, the language of the gentleman will
hardly contribute to allay any existing apprehen-
sions. The very expressions which he has now
used are well calculated to do more harm in this
respect than anything else; and as a means of
preventing any such harm I shall row be compelled
to vote for his resolution, in order that it may
be shown by the answer which it will draw forth,
that there is now not the slightest foundation for
any suggestion in any quarter that the Adminis-
tration has, by the use of the war power, done
anything which endangers the peace of the coun-
try or of the world.
Mr. H1LLIARD said: I entirely concur with
the remarks made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Ashman.] If there has been, on
the part of the late Administration, any act tran-
scending its legitimate authority, affecting our re-
lations with Portugal, it should be made known to
the country. If the late Administration was dis-
tinguished for anything, it was for a scrupulous
forbearance to usurp power, or to employ the
power which belonged to it, so as to involve the
country in war. Our relations with other nations
were rigidly observed, and every obligation which
rested upon us faithfully regarded. I bear this
public testimouy to the honorable and satisfactory
manner in which they conducted our foreign inter-
course, with great pleasure, because I found myself
compelled to dissent from some of the domestic'
policy which it recommended.
1 hope, therefore, that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] will
be adopted, and that it will be promptly and fully
responded to, that the whole country may know-
how unfounded is the statement lately made in
various fonns, as to some measures resorted to by
the late Administration to enforce the payment of
certain claims against Portugal.
1 do not suppose that there is the slightest danger
of any stretch of power by the present Adminis-
tration; on the contrary, I look for wise and pru-
dent measures. The Executive department is in
safe hands. The country has, in the Secretary of
State, Mr. Webster, a guarantee for an eievated
and noble policy. His large experience—his
statesmanlike views—his conservative, character,
inspire the greatest confidence in the future man-
agement of our foieign affairs.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, interposed,and
(Mr. Hilliard yielding the floor,) inquired
whether, in speaking of the enlarged and slatesman-
[ like views of the Secretary of State, he designed to
refer to his recent letter m relation to Texas and
New Mexico ?
Mr. HILLIARD. There is no appropriateness
in the question. 1 cannot, of course, undertake at
this time to discuss that subject; it would be
wholly out of place; but I shall be happy to do so
when it comes up. 1 shall not now even intimate
an opinion in legard to it, but I shall meiely say
that I am confident Mr. Webster will amply vin-
dicate any positions which he may think proper to
assume, when the issues come to be made up.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] remarked, that our course towards Por-
tugal had been criticised in the British Parliament.
1 trust, sir, that we shall never imitate the course
of the British Government towards Greece. An
attempt recently made to enforce a claim against
that Government, in behalf of Biitish subject's, by
the aid of a British fleet, met the condemnation of
