440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
territory acquired by the United States from the Republic of
Mexico without positive auuilments, it is inexpedient for
Consircbsto piovide by irtvv either for its introduction into,
or collision from, any part of the said territory," &e.
Mr. RUSK then resumed, and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday.
- Mr. WALKER. I propose that the amend-
ment which I submitted this morning be printed,.
and I will then move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolutions until to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the attention of the
honorable Senator from Texas for one moment.
I listened to his remarks-with a great deal of pleas-
ure, but I want to correct a statement made by
him in regard to a matter of history. The Senator
spoke of a certain hobby. 1 suppose he alluded
to the Wilmot proviso, upon which, he said indi-
viduals had ridden into Congress. I will inform
the Senator, so far as so humble an individual as
myself is concerned, that 1 was elected to Con-
gress some twelve months before the introduction
of that proviso. The Senator will percei^ there-
fore, that I, at least, have not ridden into Con-
gress upon that " hobby."
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator mistakes
me if he supposes that I said he rode into Congress
upon the Wilmot proviso. 1 said it was a Sena-
torial hobby. I am willing to give the Senator
from New Hampshire credit for coming in on foot,
and I hope he will keep on foot. [Laughter.]
The motion to print and to postpone was agreed
to.
Mr. BADGER suggested that it would be ne-
cessary to have an Executive session to-morrow,
and he hoped the Senate would meet to-morrow
with the understanding that there should be an
Executive session.
Mr. BORLAND remarked that, on the part of
the iMi'itary Committee, he joined with the hon-
orable Sena'or from North Carolina in the hope
that to-morrow would be devoted to Executive
business.
On motion the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 1, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was rearl and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked that
the House would proceed to dispose of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The SPEA1CER said unanimous consent would
be required.
Mr. WALLACE called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. THOMPSON" mild he would limit his re-
quest to Senate bills on the Speaker's table. A few
minutes only would !>o required to take up and re-
fer them to the aporopriate committees.
Mr. WALLACE insisted on the regular order
of business.
So the motion of Mr. Thompson was not enter-
tained.
AMERICAN HEMP.
The SPEAKER, announced the business first in
order during the morning hour to be the joint re-
solution heretofore reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and the amendment thereto, in
relation to the purchase of water-rotted hemp for
the use of the Navy of the United States; the
question immediately pending being on the mo-
tion to refer the bill and amendment"to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOW LIN was entitled to the floor, (in
continuation of his remai ks of yesterday,) which
he now concluded, as follows:
Mr. BOWLIN said, that at the time of the in-
terruption, to change the order of business yes-
terday, he was endeavoring to get back to the
original question before the House involved under
this resolution. Hp was not responsible for the
departures, as he had only followed gentlemen op-
posed to the resolution, who had thought proper
to introduce extraneous matter—associated with a
pretence of individual right—to embarrass the
action of the House upon the question before
them. But, whatever had been the coursc of the
debate heretofore, he intended now to confine him-
self, in what he had to say, strictly to the subject
ot committal, and its effect upon the object sought
to do obtained. J s
To commit this resolution, sir, would be to de- !
deSoefk t0faL'.the, PurP°ses for which it was
designed by its friends. If it was to be of any
use or benefit to the hemp growers of this coun-
try, it should be passed immediately, or the time
would have gone by when the farmers might be
induced to prepare the year's crop for the market.
The quality of the hemp, he said, was not so
much determined by the growth of the staple as
by the manner of preparing it, and now was the
time when the preparation was going on for the
market of the last year's crop. If. this encourage-
ment was not held out to the farmers, they would
not prepare it for the navy; for they would not
incur the expense and trouble of water-Totting the
article, when, under the present system, they can
only command a dew-rotted price.
Within the next four months the hemp would
be prepared and marketed; a period within which
this resolution would never be heard of if commit-
ted at all. And if committed to await the action
of the House upon the controverted points between
applicants for contracts and the Navy Department,
he hazarded but little in the prediction that it
would never be reached; so that to commit it was
to destroy it, as far as this year's operarions were
concernetl, and he wished the vote to be regarded
as a test whether the House intended to open the
market to the producers or close it for the benefit
of monopolists. Whether they intended that the
department should take it in such quantities as'
the farmers prepared for the market, or force them
to give out the whole contract to one or a few men,
who neither sowed nor reaped yet flourished on the
profits.
Mr. B. said it was utterly ridiculous to tell him
that this resolution had'anything to do with the
contest about the Billings bid for the contract;
and the gentlemen cut the throat of their own argu-
ment when they told them that they only designed
to force the contract to the extent of three hundred
tons—only one-half the amount of the annual con-
sumption. Then why not lot the producers have
the benefit of the resolution for an open market
and free trade for the balance of the amount con-
sumed' The Secretary could take, no more in
open market than the surplus needed, afier obey-
ing the iron rule of the committee to foice him to
contract with specific individuals.
If it be true, he said, that they only design to
force the department to take one half from one
person, why the objection to this resolution for
the balance—in favor of an open market for those
who produced the article from the soil by their
own labor? He could not regard this argument
as offered in sincerity, as the resolutions bore no
relation to the subject with which they were at-
tempted to be connected. It was simply an in-
genious method of getting them into bad 'company,
in order that they might be lulled for being found
there. It was a kind of flank movement, to aricst
the progress of an open market and free-trade sys-
tem without openly supportinga monstrous system
of monopoly, at the. expense of the hemp grower.
Although the projectors of this scheme of making
the Government give a monopoly of the hemp
market, to favorite pets, at Lhe expense of the pro-
ducers, might not have to tace a hemp-growin"
constituency, yet it would be right awkward to
face any constituency with a perfectly open hand.
Hence they heard so much about the law, and.
the nghtsof contractors,—or rather seekers of con-
tracts, upon a resolution, the whole spirit of which
was to make the Secretary of the Navy purchase
in open market, from the farmer, the remnant he
might want after satisfying all legitimate demands
to a monopoly in the trade.
The friends of this resolution had no objections
to the Secretary satisfying all legal obligations
upon him, even to the extent of supporting for a
time a peifect monopoly; but they did notlntend,
if they could help it, that he should go any fur-
ther. They intended him to stop there—precisely
where his legal obligations stopped; and in the
future to interpose no intermediate contractor,
whose profits were nearly equal to the amount of
his outlay in purchases, and thus make the Secre-
tary, in open market, under free competition, pay I
the farmer directly for his produce, to the extent I
of the demands of the service. This was all they '
wanted, and he was free to say, that the resolu-
tion did look to the period when this system of
monopoly would be broken up, and the producer
would reap the full profit of his labor, but not
until all legal obligations were satisfied—if any such
existed—so that these pretended sticklers fo'r heal
obligations need have no alarms. This legal right
to monopolize the hemp trade of the West, the
House would look into when it came up for con-
sideration. At present it was not before them in
any other light than as it was dragged into this
debate, to produce confusion over a very plain
and simple proposition to make the Secretary buy
in open market under a free competition.
One word now, he said, as to the proposition to.
increase the test from forty-two to forty-four
hundred pounds, as proposed by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr, Gerry.] It was ceriainiy
very flattering to the pride of our farmers to tell
them they could beat the world in the production
of this staple; yet it was that kind of compliment
that did not line the pockeus. And when the gen-
tleman supposed that "flattery would sugar the
pill, and render the dose palatable, he could only
tell him that he had made a most egregious mis-
take. Why raise the test? Who demanded it?
What \yas the object? He thought he could tell
them. To encourage hemp-growers to water-
rot their hemp, and prepare it for the navy, to be
purchased in such quantities as they might pro-
duce, was yet, to some extent, an experiment.
And to put them to an extreme test—beyond the
requirements of their own navy—or the naries
of the civilized world—might serve to defeat the
effort, and throw the navy back to the old sys-
tem of monopoly. That was the only inference
he could draw from the proposition.
Mr. B. again asked who demanded this chan^c
in the test? JNot the navy. He had himself
called upon the Secietaiy to know if this increase
of test was demanded by the department, or w.\tf
necessary, and that officer had ftankly told him
that h was neither demanded nor necessary.
That the present test was abundantly sufficient;
that it had proved so in other navies, as well as m
our own, and that there was no kind of ne-
cessity for it. They neither asked it, nor wanted
it. Who did want it, then, heasked r He thought
he could teil. It was the monopolists who wanted
it; and the monopolists alone, to break down the
producer. They had had the monopoly in the
foreign trade, and finding the spirit of the age
was to use our own staple, they wanted to lay
their grappling irons upon it, and drive the farmer
out of the contest.
There was another curious fact about this mat-
ter, to which he desired to invite the attention of
the House; and that was, the locality of the gen-
tlemen who were so very anxious to take the
interest of the western hemp grower under their
especial care and keeping. And first, sir, of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. JStaxton,] he is
from the cotton region; and if he had made ail
argument to subsidize the cotton planter and cot-
ton interest, to keep up a monopoly upon the arti-
cle in the hands of one man, he should have
listened to him with much more profound atten-
tion—supposing he was speaking for his const.t-
uents, and advocating their wishes. The "-entie-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] from the
iron and coal S;ate, asks protection to the labor
of hi$ people, whilst he would deny the western
farmer an open maiketand fair compention upon
the pioducts of his labor. He would give the
market to one man, and let him take cafe of the
hemp growing interest. This was consistency.
The hemp grower asked no protection; he only
asked a free market against the world; and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot even
allow them this, unless he yields the profit of
his labor to an inteimediate contractor. And
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Gerky]—the
land of fishing bounties and drawbacks—where,
to support their labor they must needs tax
his (Mr. B 's) constituents,—could not think of
letting the Western farmer have an open market
and free trade, upon the products of his own labor;
but must needs devote him to the spirit of monop-
oly.
Sir, (said Mr. B ,) was it not a little curious, what
anxiety these gentlemen showed to take care of
the interest of the hernp giowers? It might be
true, sir, that they did not study their interests
quite as closely, perhaps, as the constituents of the
gentlemen from Maine and Pennsylvania, but any
school boy amongst them could figure out*the sum
pf their loss, when you monopolized the market
for their produce, and give to the speculator nearly
double what he in his generosity gave to them.
They could figure out that sum pretty clearly—as
they would demonstrate after the census of J850.
