1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
all the States of Europe, and was, I believe, se-
verely animadverted on by the liberal party in
England. I have a great abhorierice of that mode
of pressing claims, and especially when it is re-
sorted to by a powerful nation to intimidate a weak
one. I hope that the present Administration will
be characterized by just moderation m conducting
our foreign affairs, and in treating our domestic dis-
turbances. Force is always to be avoided ,in a
constitutional government, where there does not
exist an absolute and imperative necessity for em-
ploying it.
Mr. HOLMES inquired of Mr. Hilliard, if
he was opposed to the course pursued by the
British Government towards Greece, why he
did not aid him in passing his resolution in re-
gard to the course of our Government towards
Portugal >
Mr. HILLIARD resumed. The gentleman
misconceives me: while I approve the foreign
policy of the late Administration, and while 1 have
just confidence in the Administration which has
just entered upon its duties, I am decidedly in
favor of the resolution before us.
I hope that the resolution will be adopted, and
promptly responded to. I think the response will
show that no such course as ha_s been apprehended
has been pursued, or is at all likely to be.
Mr. McCLERNAND requested the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] to yield the floor
to him (Mr. MeC.) for a few moments.
Mr. HILLIARD having yielded the floor,
Mr. McCLERNAND proceeded to say, that
the opinions expressed by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] rendered it neces-
sary that something should be said in relation, at
least, to one of the claims against the Government
of Portugal. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina had said that the claim growing out of the
case of the General Armstrong was invalid and
unjust; that it was such a claim as ought not to
be made, or attempted to be enforced by this Gov-
ernment. Upon an investigation of the facts of
the case, he (Mr. McC.) differed from the gentle-
man from South Carolina. What were the facts?
Jn the year 1814, during the existyice of the war
between the United States and Great Britain, the
brig '"tienera! Armstrong," on the 9th of Sep-
tember left New York, and arrived at Fayal, in
the Archipelago of the Azores, on the 24th, he
believed, of the same month. She entered the port
for the purpose of taking in water. Whilst lying
there, one or more British vessels of war appeared,
under circumstances which excited the suspicions
of'Capt. Reed, of the General Armstrong, as to her
designs. To avoid anything like collision between
the American and British vessels, the American
vessel was brought immediately under the guns of
the castle; but, notwithstanding this, armed men
from several vessels approached the American
brig. They were warned off, but in vain. The
consequence was that a conflict ensued. The
point intended to be made was this: Portugal, being
. g friendly Power, failed to maintain her neutrality,
and, by so doing, became responsible for the de-
struction of the " Armstrong" by the British force.
At this point in the remarks of Mr. McC.,
Mr. ROOT interposed to a point of order, and
was understood to submit that it was not in order
for a gentleman to yield the floor to another to
make a speech.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had repeatedly
made that decision.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had nearly con-
cluded all that he desired to say.
The SPEAKER, interposed, and said that the
point of order having been made, the Chair must
rule the gentleman^put of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I was about to say 
The SPEA KER, (interposing.) The Chair re-
peats, that the point of order having been made,
the Chair must enforce the rule.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did not the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] yield the floor to
me unconditionally ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Hilliard] had yielded the floor un-
conditionally, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McCler.vand] suggests, it would have been the
duty of the Chair to recognize another member as
entitled to the floor, because the gentleman from
Illinois has already addressed the House on the
subject. The Chair could only recognize the gen-
tleman from Illinois on the ground that the gentle-
man from Alabama yielded the floor to him for'the
purpose of explanation.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I was about to say,
that 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
cannot proceed with his remarks if the point of
order is insisted upon.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope, then, that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] will
proceed to 
Calls'to order.
And the SPEAKER said, the gentleman was
Hot in order.
Mr. HILLIARD. I shall only say, in con-
clusion, that the presence of some part of the
American naval force near the coast of Po^ugal
was not intended to intimidate that Government
or to enforce our claims; at least 1 am very fully
satisfied that it was not the purpose of Geneial
Taylor's administration to extort the payment of
the claims by such an expedient. If a fleet should
be sent to the mouth of the Tagus for any such
purpose I should unhesitatingly denounce it as a
monstrous usurpation of power, and an unworthy
attempt to employ foice on the part of a great
nation against a feeble one. I could never approve
any such policy, nor could 1 respect a Government
which adopted it.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand the previous question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, expressed las
desire to say a single word.
The SPEAKER. Does the gehtleman fiom
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to request the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] to
modify the resolution. I
Mr. STANTON appealed to the gentleman from I
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to waive his_ demand for j
the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. How long do you desire to
speak ?
Mr. STANTON. Not five minutes.
The SPEAKER.. This conversation is out of
order. Does the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] withdraw the demand for the pievious
question ?
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I will withdraw it.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON proceeded. I simply desire to
say (he said) that in putting to the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] the question I did, it
was not my intention to express any want of con-
fidence in the general ptudenee of Mr. Webster,
the Secretary of State. I have no doubt that in
the affair with Portugal, he will conduct the nego-
tiations with prudence. This I say, without
knowing anything about the manner in which
these negotiations have been conducted hitherto.
1 am willing to submit the matter to his hands,
and to believe that the country will in all proba-
bility be safe. My object was, while the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] was express-
ing such confidence in the large experience of Mr.
Webster, to inquire whether he [Mr. Hilliard]
concurred with the Secretary of Slate in regard to
the matter to which he (Mr. S.) alluded; desiring
at the same time to express his dissent from Mr.
Webster, and to say that lie (Mr. S.) had no con-
fidence m the piudence, or propriety of these
views, but precisely the contrary.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 demand the previous cpies-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman fiom South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] in lelation to his resolution.
Calls to order. *
Mr. McCLERNAND. I have no doubt——•
The SPEAKER, (intei posing.) Objection is
made.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I only wish to say that
if the gentleman will 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only pro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The pre-
vious question is demanded.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Fowler ) Does the
gentleman withdraw the demand?
Mr. FOWLER. 1 do not.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question is not withdrawn. Is there a Second ?
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the resolution was '
adopted.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. FOWLER rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He desired to move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the resolution in relation to
the claims on Portugal had been adopted.
The SPEAKER. There is already a privileged
question pending, the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Does the gentleman, continued the Speaker, (ad-
dressing Mr. Bayly,) withdraw the motion?
Mr. BAYLY said, he did not withdraw.
So the motion of Mr. Fowler was not enter-
tained. •
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and' decided in the affirmative, with-
out a division.
THE POST OFFICE BILL.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd in thechaii,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill making appropriations out of the reve-'
nues of the Post Office Department for its service
during the fiscal year ending June 30,1851.
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Chandler, inserting the following:
" for rearranging tiles of q larterty returns,and providing
boxes arid eases, and the arranging, indexing, and filing
vouchers in Ui<; archive*- of the office, £1 ,o0j."
Mr. CASEY moved to amend the amendment,-
by striking out -'five hundred" and inserting
" six hundred," so as to read $1,600.
Mr. C. briefly explained the necessity and pro-
priety of the amendment of Mr. Chandler; and
vindicated (he present Auditor from the imputa-
tion implied in Mr. Potter's remarks of yester-
day, that if the papeis had been disarranged %he
disarrangement had taken place since Mr. Wash-
ington left the office.
Mr. C. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, renewed the amend-
ment, and contended that the appropriation con-
templated was entirely unnecessary.
Mr. B. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR renewed it. He urged the adop-
tion of the amendment of Mr. Chandler, upon
information received by him (Mr.T.)as to its ne-
cessity and piopriety. He withdrew the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASEY renewed it, and briefly replied to
the objection of Mr. Brown, of Indiana.
Mr. C. further urged the importance to the
public interests of this appropriation, and rep-
resented its necessity. He withdrew the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. POTTER renewed it, and reiterated his
belief that the appropriation was unnecessary, and
further referred to the facts to sustain that opinion.
He said, when Mr. Washington had rearranged the
papers, he had asked for no increase of clerks; and
now, as they were giving ten or fifteen additional
clerks to the Auditor's office, this application came
with a verv bad grace.
Mr. POTTER withdrew the amendment to the
amtndment.
The question recurred upon the amendment ori-
| ginally offered by Mr. Chandler.
I Mr. JONES asked for tellers.
j Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Waldo and
; Ogle weie appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POTTER moved an amendment, to strike
out from the appropriating clause of the bill the
words " arising from the revenues of said depart-
ment," and to insert the words " not otherwise
appropriated."
Mr. BAYLY raised the point of order, that"
this was the precise amendment that had been
acted tipon before and negatived, and that it was
therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and decided that the amendment was in order,
