1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug, 7.
And the question being on agreeing to the
amendment—
Mr. POTTER said, he wanted only to call
the attention of the committee to this question,
that it might nqt be decided, as the motion to strike
out the lust section had yesterday been decided,
without a great many knowing what the question
was. The object of the amendment he explained to
be to restore this appropriation to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, so as to" make it a charge
upon the Treasury, and not upon the Post Office
fund, which should never be burdened with it. The
object of throwing this burden upou this fund, he
said, was to defeat the efforts of those who were in
favor of the reduction of the rates of postage. It was
proposed to charge not only the expenses of frariked
matter, but the expenses of the department in this
city upon the Post Office fund; and in addition to
these, the expenses of the naval steamers. Jt was
true, he believed, that these steamers were not a
part of the navy of the United States, but they
were designed to be called into the service of the
navy, and incorporated in it whenever they were
neeued; yet it was proposed to make- them a
charge upon the Post Office fund. He should riot
wonder if, sooner or luier, the expenses of the
Navy Department should be charged upon the
Post OIK e.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BAYLif said, he did hope that this com-
mittee would vole down this amendment. If it
was the purpose of Congress to charge any portion
of the expenses of the Post Office Depaitment
upou the General Treasury, let them do it di-
rectly—not in this indirect way, which led to a
vast deal of misundeistandtng in the country.
We heard infrequently said that the Post Office
Depaitment was aself- sustaining establishment; yet
here were the whole expenses of the post office
in ihis city, which were put upon the geneiul
Treasury. JMow, he appealed to the committee,
with a view to simplily tlie whole matter, that
they might be able to understand it readily, that
gentlemen might not be obliged to go into calcula-
tions, and to examinations of various appropria-
tion bills, to ascertain what were the expenses of
th Post Office Department, to ayoid these diffi-
culties, he appealed to them to put all the expenses
of the Post Office Department upon the Uepait-
luent; and then, if it was the pleasure of Congress
to give it aid, (in consideration of the transportation
of (ranked niaiter or for any other purposes,) let
thsni give it by dnect appropriation. He was
opposed to this roundabout, impioper mode of
legislation.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. ASHtVlUN renewed the amendment, for
the purpose of saying that he hoped, if the efforts
of gentlemen m the House and m the country tor
the reduction of postage were to be defeated, it
would be done directly and not in this roundabout
way The Committee of Ways and Means had
attempted to defeat it by introducing into the Post
Office appropriation bill chaiges which had never
been put into n before—an item of §2iU,UU0—tor
the purpose of intimidating this House Horn voting
for the (eduction of postage. Now, had this
Government alwajs been losing, and this Com-
mittee of Ways and Means tins year just found it
out? The salaiyof the Postmaster General and
his subordinate officeis in this city weie no proper
charge upon the Post Office Department; but, like {
ihe salary of all the other Heads of Departments
and their assistants, ought to be paid out of the
Treasury. They might as well say that the
Secretary of War or the Secretary of the Navy,
with iheir assistants, should be paid out of the
revenues of their respective deparitnents—thatuur
army and our navy should earn enough to pay
their expenses.
• He wished the committee to understand that the
purpose ol mtroduc.ng this appropi latiun into this
hill, was to defeat the great object which so many
members of this Heuse,and so large a pioportion
of the people of the country, desired to accomplish 
the reduction of postage.
Mr. JONES said, he thought the gentleman from
Massachusetts, in ihe first place, was not only en-
tirely wrong, but that he was unauthorized in say-
ing tnat the Committee of Ways and Means had
put this appropriation m ihe bill tor the purpose of
deleut.ng, ma lOundabout way, the cheap postage
system ot some portions of the count.y, Thetvio
subjects had nothing to do with one another.
Weuld the gentleman try to make this commit-
tee believe that the Representatives of the United
States would be deterred from reducing the rates
of postage, bccause ^200,000 of the appropriate
legitimate expenses of the Poet Office Department
were required to be paid out of the pockets of that
department? The gentleman was wrong in sup-
posing that the appropriation contained an item
for the salary of the Postmaster General. That
was-paid for out of the general Treasury, and
was provided for in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill. This appropriation was right—
its proper place was~in the Post Office appropria-
tion bill. The Government was now required to
pay §200,000 to the Post Office Department, for
the transportation of free matter. Again: there
was now in the naval appropriation bill, reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means,an item
of |874,600, for the support of the mail steamers;
and not one dollar of the receipts from the mails
went into the Treasury, but it was all put into the
Post Office Department, as part of lis funds. Here,
then, was a million of dollars paid out of the gen-
eral Treasury for no other purpose but to carry
the mails of the Post Office Department, for the
entire benefit of it—the Government had no credit
These officers for whom this appropriation was
intended, were the legitimate officers of the Post
Office Department itself, and their expenses were
as legitimately a charge upon the department as the
expenses of the transportation of the mail, or the
pay of the deputy postmasters. Because the ap-
propriation had never been made in this way be-
fore, did it make it wrong to do so now ? The
proper mode was " to live and learn," and pro-
gress in the great science of. government, as in
all other sciences. Did not any gentleman know
that if the rates of postage weie reduced, and the
receipts fell short of meeting the expenses for two,
three, four, or five years, there would be a ma-
jority on the floor ol Congress to appropriate, to
make up the deficiency > And the apology of the
friends of cheap postage would be, that the system
would in time afford sufficient revenue to meet the
expenses. The Government always had paid the
deficit, and he hoped it would do it again. He
withdrew the amendment.
Mr. CA Iti'TER renewed it pro forma, and said
he wus" ill favor of the proposition of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and for this reason, he was satisfied that economy
in the administration of the affairs of this Gov-
ernment could never be realized until it was known
how and for what purposes the money was ex-
pended—until there was a systematic and simpli-
fied disclosure of the ways and means by which
the public treasure was consumed. He regarded
the confusion that rested upon this subject from
the intricacy of the appropriation bills for the sup-
port of the various branches of the Government,
as the greatest artifice for concealing from the peo-
ple the manner in which the public treasure was '
expended. For this reason he was for setting
dovvn to each department of the Government us
appropriate charges, and making each department
answerable for these charges. He did not mean
by this remark to assume that each department
should sustain itself. That was impossible. He
favored it simply as a means of detecting and brmg-
mg to light the expenditures of the public money.
Another reason why he was disposed to favor
the proposition ot letting the public know to what
extent the PostOiUce Department rested upon the
public Tieasuiy, was, that there was a movement
on foot in this House to make the Post Office De-
partment entirely a charge upon the geneial Treas-
ury. For what purpose? For the purpose of
raif"? an appeal on the part of the Representa-
tives interested in that project for re-creating a
high protective tariff. This was the concealed
moiive that lay under this effort at making the
i-ost Office Department a charge upon the general
lieasury. °
N..w, he was willing to go as far as the self-
sustaining principle would justify m the reduction
of postage. If any matter was to circulate free
through the mails, let it be newspapers, and gen-
era! intelligence. But let those interested in pri-
vate correspondence bear its buiden. It was a
principle of peisonai equity that they should,
iliere was no reason why the man, who did not
employ the agency of the Post Office, should bear
its buniens for the benefit of those who did em-
ploy it.
Again; although he was willing to vote, and
should vote, for a reduction of postage to a uniform
standard of five cents upon the letter, he was ut-
terly opposed to a reduction at this time below
that standard, for the reason that at ihe present
rates, the post offices and post roads of the interior
of the country well as the country postmasters
were barely sustained; and he was satisfied they
would be utterly ruined if they were at once to re-
duce all postages to the standard of three cenls.
He was in favor of progressing deliberately, ex-
perimentally, in this system of reductions. Let
them try the reduction to five cents, and ascertain
whether the department could sustain itself upon
it. If it could, in due time the experiment of
further reduction might be tried.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. FOWLER renewed it, and said, I concur,
Mr. Chairman, in much that has been said by
those gentlemen who have favored the proposition
now under consideration; and especially m what
has fallen from the honorable chairman [Mr.
Potter] of the Post Office Committee. The peo-
ple of the country demand cheap postage. This
demand is reasonable, and must be responded to
favorably, sooner or later. It ought to be thus
responded to without farther delay.
Cheap postage for the people of the United
States is a practicable matter. The success which
has crowned the ten years' experiment in our
fatherland, rebukes the cavils of incredulity. The
theory, which once rested on calculations and ar-
guments only, has been demonstrated* by a trial-
process so simple and so sure, that no one ought to
hesitate.
The post office is the great social machine that
is designed to facilitate personal intercourse be-
tween the people throughout the country, and thus
to advance society in all its gieat mteiests. It is
under the influen^ of that interchange of thought
which cheap postage will secure, that our coun-
irymen will j ise, advance, and expand in whatever
constitutes the real strength of a nation, and the
true glory of humanity. Make this interchange
of thought difficult and dear, and you stifle inqut-
ry—you chill affection—you clog enterprise—you
chain freedom?
Cheap postage for the people is the greaPdesid-
eratum of the people; and it is our duty—aye, it is
our privilege, to give them what they so reason-
ably demand. Let the franking privilege be abol-
ished—let a uniform late of postage with prepay-
ment for all distances, be adopteu—and let every
branch of the business of the Post Office Depart-
ment be conducted with system, vigor, and econo-
my; and every man, woman and child in the land
may send and receive letters at two cents each. I
call tor achon ! 1 insist upon a vote. I will not
withdraw the amendment. Mr. Chairman, let us
have the question.
Mr. POTTER called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Potter and
Corwin were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 80, noes 54. v
So the amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
being offered to t'..e fiist section of the bill, the sec-
ond section will be lead.
The second section of the bill having been
read—
Mr. JONES said, that he would now offer the
amendment of which he had yesterday given
notice. He moved to strike out the second sec-
tion, and insert in lieu thereof that amendment,
[See amendment, pp. 1522-3 ]
The amendment having been read,
Mr. JOINED said, he had offered it"in Keu of the
second section which had been reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means. The amendment
appropriated precisely the same aggregateamount.
The section reported by the Comnmiee of Ways
and Means made an aggregate appropriation of
hve millions two hundred and fifteen thousand
one hundred and sixty seven dollars, for va- •
uous branches of the Pust Office service for the *
current fiscal year. His amendment made appro-
priation for each one of the several branches of the
service as they had been estimated for by the Post-
master General. In the earlier history of the
Government, all the appropriations, or nearly so,
were made in aggregate sums. A few years later
he plan was adopted of making specific appro-
