442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
A bill for the relief of Joshua Follansbee and
Bi P. Ishenvood, and for other purposes.
[Mr. Hali. objected. The bill, he said, par-
took of the character of a public bill.
Mr. Thomas moved that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported back to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it be committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
motion prevailed.]
A bill for the relief of John Glenn, administra-
tor of Robert Barry, deceased, and Washington
Hall.
[Mr. Thomas said since this bill had been re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, additional
evidence had been laid before that committee. To
give the bill the advantage of the new proof, he
moved that it be laid aside, to be reported back to
the House, with a recommendation that it be re-
committed to the Committee of Claims. Agreed
to.]
A bill for the relief bf Samuel Dewey.
[On motion by Mr. Bowlin, the bill^vas so
amended as to make the pension commeiWe from
and after the 4th March, 1849, instead of 1840.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House-]
The following bills were then taken up for con-
sideration, but being objected to as indicated be-
low, were laid aside under the rule, for future
consideration, viz:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Jett, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
Thompson of Mississippi ]
A bill for the relief Hiram Moore and John
Hascall. [Objected to by Mr. Carter and Mr.
Thomas.]
A bill to^fund the fine imposed on the late Dr.
Thomas Cooper, deceased, under the sedition
law, to his legal representatives. [Objected to by
Mr. Evans of Maryland. He subsequently de-
sired to withdraw his objection; but it was ruled
out of order, on a point interposed by Mr. Root.]
A bill for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia. [Objected to by Mr. Dunham.]
A bill for the relief of John Dickson, surviving
partner of Lamb A and Dickson. [Objected to by
Mr. Cartj:r ]
A. bill for the relief of S. T. Niroll and .Tames
Clinch, of the city of New York. [Objected toby
Mr. Thomas.]
A bill for the relief of Brown and Tarbox. [Ob-,
jected to by Mr. Brown of Indiana.]
A bill for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walter IT. Finriall. [Objected to by Mr. Hall
and Mr. Brown of Indiana.]
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Gen. Thomas
Sumpter, late of South Carolina.
[Mr. THOMAS moved to amend the bill by
striking out the interest; and the question not
being agreed to, Mr. B. objected to the ftiither
consideration of the bill.]
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John H. Stone. [Objected to by Mr. Cartfr.]
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Willis Reddick, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
Thomas.]
A bill for the relief of John G. Wilkinson.
[Objected to by Mr. Cnowai,.]
A bill for the relief of Benjamin P. Wesley.
[Objected to by Mr Carter and Mr. Brown of
Indiana.]
On motion the Committee then rose, and its
Chairman reported to the House the bills which
received the favorable action of the Committee.
Then,
On motion, it was agreed, on a vote by yeas and
rays, of 89 in the affirmative and (14 in the nega-
tive, that when the House adjourns, it be till Mon-
day next.
The House then adjourned till Monday next, at
twelve o'clock.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. TUCK gave nonce that he would on to-morrow, nr
Borne otliei day, introduce a lull to regulnle the pnv of cer-
tain collectors, naval ofijceis, and surveyors, of the cus-
toms.
Mr. YOUN'G gave notice of his intention to introduce the
following bill—
"A hill granting ttie right of way through the public lands
in the Slnte of Illinois, to the " Mississippi and Atlantic
Railroad Company," and for other purposes."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials, petitions/&c., were
presented under the rule and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT: The petition of James Taylor
and 107 other citizens ot Albany, New York, praying Con-
gress to reduce the rate of pottage. . .
Also, the petition of William Clark and 48 other citizens
of Fort Plain, Montgomery county. New York, tor cheap
postage. ^
AihO, the pptifion of thp officers of the Otsego County
Agricultural Society, for the reduction of the rate of postage.
Also, the petition of T. K. Terry and 27 other citizens of
Coeymans Albany countv, New York, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of W. E. Dixon and others, citizens of
Esperancp, Schoharie county, New York, for cheap postage.
- Also, the petition of the teachers and students of the
RenseUervilIc Academy, New York, es-tabhshing the rate
of postage on prepaid letters at two cents per half ounce.
By Mr. UNDERHILL: The petition of Schureman Hal-
Ptead and others, citizens of New York and Brooklyn, in
favor of reducing postage for prepaid letters to two cents
per half ounce.
Bv Mr. RAY: A memorial of officers of the war with
Mc\ico, n*kin<r bounty land.
By Mr. THURMAN: The petition of Win. H. Myers &.
Co., and 58 other citizens ol ihe county of Clinton, New
Y'U K. asking for greater protection on non imported into the
United States.
Also, the petition of Win. H. Myers, and 26 others, citi-
zens of Clinton county, New York, asking Congress to
in.ike iho dntv on'iron specific.
By Mr. BR1GGS: Th<- petition of John F. Gray, and 40
others, citizen* of New Yotk, praying Congiess to establish
the Kites of postage on prepaid letters at two cents per half
ounce.
Bv Mr. AYERETT- ^he petition of Eady Tuck, wilh ae%
compnnvinjr papci4*. ANo, the petition of Arohelaus Stoval.
By Mi. WALDO • The petition of S. B. Morley, and 122
other-!, elect ois of West Hat tford, Connecticut, asking for the
abolition of the flanking ptivilege and a uniform rale of
po>ta!ie at two cent* per half ounce.
I!y Mr. LEPF1.ER- The petition ofllenry F. Tiacy and
others, citizens of Jackson countv, Iowa, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail-route trflhi Bellevue, Jackson county,
Iowa, vi.i Andrews., Canton, Scotch Grove, Edinburgh, Ana-
mo^a, to Independence, the county seat of Buchanan coun-
ty, Iowa.
Also, the petition o> sundry citizens of Iowa city, praying
the cstabhshiiH nt of chenp postage.
Bv Mr. BUTJLEK, of Pennsylvania: The petition of 45
citizens ofLnzenie connlv, Pennsylvania, for the reduc-
tion of postage to two cent* piM halfounre on prepaid letters.
Al^o, a petition of like impoit from 24 citizens of Penn-
sylvania.
Al.-o. a petition of like import from 17 members of the
hat i>f liiizerno <onntv, I'< nnsylvnma.
AKo, a petition of like impoit from six clergymen of the
same county.
ANo, four petitions fioin citizen?- of Pennsylvania, a?king
for the establishment of a po<t-tonte from the boiouirh of
Tnnekhannoek, in Wyoming count\, Pennsylvania, to Car-
bondale, Luzerne county, via the Tunckhannock and East
Branch creeks.
Bv Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The remonstrance of
Stephen Oliver, p., and 32 others of Salem; of Syivanus
T). Shattuek and 13J oilier-, of Danver^; of C. Robinson
and J01 other--, of Lynn : of William F. Haskell arid 21
others, of Marhleiiead, asiainst any special net making more
valuable to Thomas Blanchard his patent self-directing ma-
I Also, the remonstrance of Henry K. Lee, and 63 otheis,
I citizens of Manchester, against the renewal of Wood-
j wonh's patent planum: machine.
Also, the petition of Mo*es U. Wilder and 30 others, of
Salem, and of manv otheis for cheap postage.
Bv Mr. IT NTRR The petition of John ('ope and 116
oilier-, eiti/an^ of Uatnson countv, Ohio, puiying that the
publie InnrK mav be free Irom tiaHie, and that the same
mav be given m small lots to actual settlers who have no
' other lands
' Bv Mi. GERRY: The petition of Joseph G. Cole and 16
others, citizens of the town of Paris.
Also, the pennon of Jason V. Langdon and others,
Citizens of the town of Kennebunk.
Also, the petition of S. S. Fan field, and a larire number
of oiheV«. citizen" o( the town of Biddetord. all fioni the
State af Maine, and praying for tile leduetton of the present
, i<ile of po-tnse.
i Also, the petition of Samuel Smith, of Waterhoro'.
AKo, the petition of John Peai I. of I'aslf-r, in the State
of Maine, piaxing for arrearages foi pension,
Also, tlm petition of Patienee Eldan, widow of the late
! Silas C. Eldan. of the Slate ofMaine, ptajmgforapension.
| Abo. the petition ot Thomas R. Abrahams and manv
! others/inking permission to build a brwlee from Senvcy's
Tsl.md, near the \avy Yard at Kitteiv, in Ihe State of Maine,
to a landing on the hotder of said yard.
By Mi. WENTWORTH: The petition of Collin An-
drews for a pen«ion.
Also, the petition of citizens of Sodus, Wayne county,
New Vnrk.foi tuocent postage.
Bv Mr. FULLER: The remonstrance of James S. If.iil
and 70 otheis. shoe dealers ami shoemakeis, of the county
of Wn'hington, against granting to T)ioni;v- Blanchard any
special act either directly or indirectly rendering his patent
more valuable.
Al=o. the remonstrance of David W. Campbell and 30
others, citizens of Washington count}, Maine, against any
fllllher legislation bv Coneress tn protect William Wood-
worth's patent jiiaeiiiff-machine.
Also, the petition of Robtrf Ramsey, of Charlotte, county
of Washington, and Stale of Maine,"with the accompany-
ing papers, for increase of pension.
By Mi REED: The memorial of Major I.oj an and others,
officers and soldiers of tile war of 1812, praying bounty land.
Rv Mr. UALLOWAY: The petihon of M. .f. Mvers.
Presid< ntof the Merchants' Bank of Poughlieep-ie, and 7
directors of the same, praying that postage on prepaid letters
be reduced to two cents per half ounce.
Mr. YOUNG presented the memorial of Win. B.Archer
and 71 others, delegates to a convention held at Vandalia,in
the State of Illinois, asking the right of way through the pub-
lic lands in said State, to the « Mississippi and AtlanticBail-
road Company," to construct a railroad through the same,
with a mantofland to aid in the construction ot said road.
By Mr. REED: The memorial of John Grayson andv
other,s, officers and soldiers of the war of 1812, praying
bounty land.
On motion by Mr MlLLSON,
The"peiition and capers of Major Edward H. Fitzgerald
were taken from the flies of the House and referred to the
Committee on Claims. " 
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 1, 1850.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of settlers
on the lands purchased of theMenomonee Indians
in 1848, praying the right of preemptions which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking that the mail-
route from Milwaukee be made a tri-week!y route;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking that land may
be granted to the officers and soldieis of the war
of 1812; which was refened to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. W. further presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, asking a grant of land
for the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin, asking that measures may
be taken to procure the free navigation of the
river St. Lawrence; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. W., these several memorials
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Livingston county, New York, in favor
of a reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
* Mr. D. also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, remonstrating against the further ex-
tension'of Blanchard's patent; which was laid on
the table, a bill in the case having already been
reported.
Mr. CORWIN presented a memorial of the
Wyandot nation of Indian", asking indemnity
for the non-fulfillment of the stipulations con-
tained in the fifth article of the treaty of 1842
with said Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MILLER, presented a joint resolution
passed by the Legislatuie of New Jersey, in
favor of the setting apart ef a portion of territory
for the permanent home of the various Indian
•j tribes; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. M. also presented a petition of citizens of
New Jersey, in favor of a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Committee
on tlfe Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
remonstrance of citizens of Boston, Massachu-
| setts, against the further extension of Blanchard's
11 patent; which was ordered to lie on the table,
j! Mr. BALDWIN presented the petition of
■; Charles Larabee, asking to be allowed arrearages
i! of pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of the
heirs of F. Skipwith, a&king indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Grand Rapids, Michigan, m favor of a reduction
of postage; which was refemd to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of certain
volunteer officers in the war with Mexico, asking
additional remuneration in lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a joint resolution by
the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the sale of
marsh lands in the counties of Jay and Adams, in
said State, and a reduction of the price of the pub-
i; lie lands in the Great Miami National Reserve;
i! which were referred to the Committee on the
l| Public Lands.
ii Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a memo-
