446
i /
7
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
dom of speech, or of the press, or the right of
petition ? If not, then the power of Congress has
limitations, and these are fixed by the objects of
thegrant and general principles of the Constitu-
tion. In fact, all of the twelve articles contained
in the Amendments to the Constitution but one,
are limitations upon the power of Congress here,
and in the States and Territories. In truth, the
whole theory of our Government, State and Fed-
eral, is predicated upon constitutional restraints of
power. There is no power in this'country which
is not limited, except the power of the people; and
even this ultimate power has to be exercised ac-
cording to certain prescribed forms, or it is revolu-
tionary.
if the conclusions which I have stated be not
true, then every, citizen of this District has no
other tenure for his life, liberty, or property, but
in the will of Congress ! The supposition of such
a state of facts is monstrous, and would be abhor-
rent to every American heart.
If, then, it be conceded, as it must be, that the
power of Congress in this District is limited, I
w«uld ask, in what is that limitation to be found ?
1 think the natural answer "must be, that it is to be
found in the object and nature of thegrant. These
were plain to the minds of the fiamers of the
Constitution, who simply desired to confer upon
Congress, in the Ten Miles Square, such power
as would enable them—freely and without re-
straint—to carry out all the other provisions of the
Constitution m which tins particular provision is
contained. Can it (by any sane mmd) he contend-
ed, that the grant of exclusive legislation in this
District was intended to confer upon Congress any
power oufcide of the Constitution ? The suppo-
sition is absurd. The grant was made simply that
Congress, and the other departments, might at all
times be m a situation to perform their duty under
and by virtue of the Constitution,
No one will have the impudence or folly to
contend, that the abolition ot slavery here or else-
wheie*, was one of the objects of the grant. If it
was not, then it follows, necessarily, that no such
power exists in^Songress. And I think I am for-
tified in this view of the subject by the fifth article
• of the Amendments to the Constitution, which con-
tains the following clause: " Nor shall private
property be taken for public use without just com-
pensation." The Constitution thus negatives the
idea that private property can be taken for any
other purpose but for public use, and then upon
just compensation. Abolitionism would take it
\vitliout just compensation, and for no public use.
I might iollow tins subject further, but I will re-
frain, by simply saying, that I am sausfied that
Congress has neither the right to abolish slavery
in this District, nor to appropriate the public
money to any such purpose as compensating the
owners of the pioperty for its value. I suppose,
even in these days of'latitudinarian construction,
it will not be denied that there is a limitation ot
the objects to which money may be appropriated
by Congress.
The next proposition to which I shall call the
attention of the committee is, the question of sla-
very, as connected with the territories. This is
a fearful question—one which will, and which
ought to dissolve this Union, if the claims set up
by the North are to up. insisted upon. I will ask,
sir, what are these claims ? Why, they are sim-
ply that the free States shall take for their exclu-
sive use and benefit the whole of the territory
now owned, or which hereafter may be owned by
the United Slates—excluding the slaveholding
States from all participation m the territory ac-
quired by the common blood and treasure of all
the States—with the resulting consequence, that
slavery is to be confined to its present limits, and
that no slave State shall ever hereafter be permit-
ted to enter this Union. This would be a most
iniquitous proposition, even if it had the sanction
of the Constitution upon its side; but when it is re-
flected that it is as gross a violation of the Consti-
tution, as it is of the common principles of hon-
esty and justice, how can it be expectea that the
southern States will submit to it? They ought
not—they cannot—they will not.
Mr. Chairman, I intend to speak plainly, be-
cause I think we ought to understand each other.
1 will, then, say that my mind is deliberately made
up* to the conviction that the South ought not to
take less than the Missouri compromise, with
such guarantees as this Government can give that
the agitation of the slavery question shall cease in
reference to this District, and in Congress general-
ly, and that the non slaveholding States shall be
required, either by the action of Congress or the
action of their State Legislatures, to abide by
and execute that article of the-Constitution which
makes it the duty of those States to deliver
up runaway slaves. These questions, sir, must
be settled now if we desire to save this Union.
Any attempt to defeat the just rights of the South
will, in my opinion, as certainly destroy this Union
as that I now address you; and he who votes for
the abolition of slavery in this District, or the ex-
clusion of the South from a jus^t participation m
the territories, may rest assured, that if his vote
is consummated by legislation, that he votes a dis-
solution of the Union.
Mr. Chairmain, 1 have stated that, in my view
of this question, Congress has no power to pro-
hibit slavery m the territories; and in support of
this position I call on those who claim the power,
to show any article of the Constitution which con-
fers it. I aver it gives no such power; and if it is
not in the Constitution it cannot be exercised by
Congress; because the Constitution uses the fol-
lowing very explicit language-in reference to our
powers: The 10th article of the amendments to the
Constitution is in the following words: "The
powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are
reserved to the States respectively or to the peo-
ple." This article of the Constitution is an estop-
pel to the exercise of this power, unless it can arise
by implication from some of the expiess grants of
power. This is admitted by all—even those who
claim the power. In this state of the argument
we are met by the allegation that Congress has the
right to acquire territory by treaty, and the right
of acquisition must, from the necessity of the case,
be followed by the right to govern. This is true
to a certain extent. That is, Congress has the
right to govern to the extent of the necessity, but
no further; and this necessity, in my opinion, is
limited by the legislation necessary to preserve the
property of the United States in the territories,
and the establishment of such civil governments
as may invite settlements to be made and are suf-
ficient to protect the settlers in the enjoyments of
life, liberty, and property, during their territorial
pupilage preparatory to their becoming States. I
think beyond this the less power Congress exer-
cises the belter; and this certainly fills up the im-
plication arising from the necessity of the case.
The necessity is the proper limitation of the power,
and whentivei the necessity ceases the power also
ceases. And I presume that no one will contend
that the prohibition of slavery is necessary either
to the preservation of the property or the jirotec-
tion of the citizen. If so, the argument drawn
from the necessity of the case falls to the ground,
and the power with it. There are some persons
who claim this power to exclude slavery from the
territories under the 3d section of the 4tli article
of the Constitution, which is in the following
words: That is, the " Congress shall have power
to dispose of, and make all needful rules and reg-
ulations for,'the territory or other property be-
longing to the United States." This is certainly
a provision intended for the territories as prop-
erty, as it distinctly puts the territories on the
same footing with other property belonging to the
United States; and only give to Congress the
power to make the needful rules and regulations
for its protection and sale; and certainly no mem-
ber of the Convention that framed the Constitution
ever could have imagined that a general and un-
limited right of sovereign jurisdiction was covered
up under this grant—and that, in addition to this,
it was to influence the relations of slave-property
m all the slave States of the Union. The suppo-
sition is not wari anted by the facts of the case, for
certainly it will not be contended that the prohibi-
tion of slavery is one of the needful regulations
in disposing of the land lying in the territories;
and no power is granted but such as was needful
in reference to the territories as property.
I believe that in some cases this right of extend-
ing a slavery prohibition to the territories is at-
tempted to be derived from the last clause of the
eighth section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, which leads as follows:
" Congress shall Have power to make all laws which shall
benecessary and proper lor eanyiriginto execution the tore-
going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of tlie United States, or in any de-
partment or officer thereof."
Now, Mr. Chairman', it will behoove those who
insist that this power is necessary and proper, to
ingraft it upon some one of the expressly-granted
powers. This cannot be done, as there is no such
grant in the Constitution, and it is absurd to sup-
pose an incident without a principle, or an effect
without a cause. You might as well suppose a
child without a parent. Sii, this claim of power
may be justly said to befilius nullius. It is one of
the bastard progeny, born from constitutional
prostitution, and should never be recognized as
legitimate. Whenever a power is claimed without
a grant, under the plea of necessity, it ought to be
viewed with suspicion, as this has ever been the
plea of tyrants. And no such implication arises
unless it be indispensably necessary to the execu-
tion of some granted power. If we give any other
meaning than this to the clause now under consid-
eration, the Constitution would not be worth the
paper it is written on.
Sir, a few days since I was not a little surprised
to hear the great Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] in the other end of this Capitol, assert the
monstrous doctrine that this Government derived
its power over this subject from Mexico. And he
claims that because Mexico, or the Government
of Mexico, had this power, that, ex necessitate, this
Government must now have it, as we had ac-
quired the country from Mexico. This is the
first time that 1 had ever heard that this Govern-
ment could derive authority from any other source
than our own Constitution. He says Mexico
parted with the sovereignty, and that as it was
parted with, it must be vested in this Government.
This is0 monstrous doctrine—one .that substitutes
this Government for the States and the people
of this Union. Sir, this Government is neither
the States nor the people of this Confederacy. It
is but the agent, the servant, the creature of the
States. It is but the trustee, and the States are
the cestui que trusts. Mexico transferred to the
United States, and not to the Government of the
United States. If this Government received all
the authority in New Mexico and California that
Mexico parted with, it is an absolute despotism
—for 1 believe it is well understood that Mexico
has a government without "limitation of powers.
The gentleman referred to said; " Mexico could
have abolished slavery, or have introduced slavery
either into New Mexico or California. Now that
power must have been ceded. Who will deny
that >" And he said further, that as none of the pro-
hibitions upon the power of Congress contained
m the Constitution "restrain the exercise of the
power of Congress on the subject of slavery,
the powers of Congress are co-extensive and co-
equal with the powei'3 of Mexico prior to the ces-
sion." This is, I trust, the first time, and I hope
it will be the last, that a foreign nation will be
looked to as the source of the powers of this Gov-
ernment, or that it will be pretended that this
Government has all the powers which the Consti-
tution does not deny to it. This is an assumption
in the very teeth of the Constitution, which de-
clares that Congress has no powers but those
granted to it. That I may do the gentleman no
injustice, 1 will make one other extract from his
speech, which is as follows:
" With regard to the treaty-making power, all who have
tiad occasion to examine into its ehiulieter, and ituo the pos-
sible extent to which it may be canted, know that it is un-
limited in its natuie, except m so tar a-, any limitations may
lie tound within the Constitution of the United Stat< ?; but
upon this subjeet tlieie is no limitation which prescribes
the extent to which the power shall be exercised."
Heie is again the distinct averment, that as the
Constitution has not withheld power from Con-
gress, that consequently it lias the power which is
not withheld. This is the most latitudinarian con-
struction of the Constitution that 1 have ever met
with—and against which I enter my solemn pro-
test. And will refer to the 10th aitiele of the
amendments to the Constitution, which declares
that Congress has none but granted powers.
Mr. Chairman, [ will conclude this branch of
the argument by calling the attention of the com-
mittee to the supposition that it had been pro-
posed in the Convention that framed the Constitu-
tion, and recorrfmended it to the people of the
States for their adoption, that no slave territory
should ever be acquired under it, and that no
slave State should ever enter the Union; and that
the ten miles square authorized to be purchased
