1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
The bill I present, sir, is not fhe result of a cal-
culating bargain, in which the rights of each party
have been estimated with exact precision, and
their money-value counted at the market rate;
neither does it disregard the rights and obligations
of the respective p.utie* and surrender up every-
thing to the demands of one. I have endeavored
to frame it with a view to allow Texas liberally
for whatever territory she may cede to the United
States, as well as for whatever claims she may
relinquish to the United States, to relieve her from
the burden of obligations which have been sup-
posed by many to be equitably binding on the
Union; and with a view also to preserve to the
Government of the United States, an entire Ter-
ritory, and to secure to the people of that Terri-
tory such protection as was guarantied to them by
the late treaty wirh Mexico. The bill proposes a
boundary which J cannot suppose vwill be agreea-
ble to every one. I think, however, that it is
more free fiom objection than any other boundary
which has yet been proposed, and it allows Texas
compensation, large and liberal I admit, but which
I yet think lean defend upon principles of justice,
of equity, and of patriotism. I was very desirous
to form a boundary, in one respect, somewhat
differently from the shape which I was finally
Compelled to give it. I may remark before I pro-
ceed that three provisions of the bill are taken,
with some amendment and the addition of the last
proviso, from the bill which was introduced into
the Senate in the early part of the session by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] It struck
sne as a very desirable thing to avoid two difficul-
ties. First, to give such a boundary as will avoid
the objection which has so often been urged by
Southern gentlemen to other proposed bounda-
ries, that they were proposals to surrender to the
North territory which, by the joint resolutions
of annexation, and in the spirit of the Missouri
comprom.se, was guarantied to the South or
to southern institutions. Secondly, it was very
desirable to avoid the dismemberment of New
Mexico; to preserve it intact, if not m the
whole of its original extent, as contended for by
some, at least so far as the territorial authority
has practically been exercised. I have endeav-
ored to keep both those objects in view, and I
think I have approximated to it, though \ may not
perfectly have accomplished both. In order to avoid
the southern objections, I have begun the northern
boundary at the intersection of the 100th meridi-
an west of Greenwich by the parallel of 36° 30'
north latitude. That cuts off a portion of the un-
doubted territory of Texas. The Senate are well
aware that by the treaty with Spain of 1819, our
boundary ran up the Sabine river to the 32d par-
allel of north latitude; thence north to the Red riv-
er with the Red river to the 100th degree of west
longitude; and thence north to the Arkansas, and
soon. The parallel of 100°, then, was the bound-
ary between Spain and the United States at the
time of that treaty. By the treaty of ]828 with
Mexico we recognized that boundary as applied to
Mexico, and the territory west of it as belonging
to Mexico. By the convention of 1838 with Tex-
as, proposing to aopoint commissioners to run and
mark apart of this* boundary, we recognized her as
the owner of the soil west of the 100th degree of
west longitude. There is no disputing, therefore—
and if there were,abundant facts could beshown for
my purpose—that a large area of territory, whose
extent westward is indeed indefinite, did belong
and does now belong to Texas. A portion of that
territory I propose to cut off and cede to the Uni-
ted States, but i do not propose to cut off any of
the territory south of 36°30'. My proposal is to
run the northern boundary line three degrees west
of the parallel of 36° 30', until it shall reach the 103d
degree of longitude west from Greenwich. The
bill introduced by the Senator from Missouri early
in the session, contemplated 10'2° west from Green-
wich as the boundary of Texas on the west, and
that boundary was perfectly satisfactory to me;
but as it was not so to the gentlemen from Texas,
whom it was desirable to conciliate, I yielded it,
partly on that account, and partly because I did
not think it absolutely necessary to adhere to it.
Running my eye over the latest map of this
country which I have seen, the map of Dr. Wis-
lizenus, to which my attention was kindly called
by the Senator from Missouri, I find that between
the meridians of 102 and 103, and extending more
than two and a half degrees of latitude, lies the
Llano E&tacado, or the staked plain, of which we
have heard before—high, arid table land, in facta
desert, as waste and as barren of'vegetation as the
waves of the Dead Sea. If I had fixed the bound-
ary on the 102d degree of longitude, this arid des-
ert, a worthless tract of country, would have been
thrown outside of Texas and into New Mexico,
except a small part of it on the east, which, if it
had belonged to New Mexico, as would have been
the case by such an arrangement, would have been
cut off by the desert from all communication with
the settled parts of the country of which it was a
portion. North of this waste the land is better,
though I cannot say what proportion of it is val-
uable. It lies, however, on the upper waters of
the Red river and the Canadian fork of the Ar-
kansas, which here are rivers of Texas. The ob-
ject of the Senator from Missouri was to provide
such a western boundary for Texas as would give
her the command ot' the heads of all the Texan
rivers. This object is fully accomplished by the
meridian of 103, which I have taken. this ar-
rangement also a liberal margin is left to New
Mexico, not only to protect the present settle-
ments, but to allow room for her expansion—
enough to make her, in time, as population fills
up, a respectable and tolerably strong State. The
line to the Rio Grande is objectionable, I know, to
some members of the Senate, and I should have
been glad to consult their wishes by lunning it a
little further south, but I find that that would meet
with as much or more opposition. The Senate,
however, can change it if they please. This line
does, to be sure, cut off New Mexico, according
to the estimate of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] to whose superior geographical
knowledge I cheerfully defer. He proposed (o
carry New Mexico down to the mouth of the
Puerco river, and said of the line in the compro-
mise bill that it cut off the legs of New Mexico,
amputated her at the hips. But there is very little
objection now to this, because the Senate is aware
that the recent Convention of New Mexico, which
met to form State institutions, performed that pro-
cess of amputation for themselves, not precisely
at the exact line which I propose, but so nearly so
as to make it not worthy the attention of the Sen-
ate. I suppose that, inasmuch as they have am-
putated these members themselves, it is not of very
material consequence for us to take the trouble to
splice them together again. Now, this line strikes
the Rio Bravo del Norte near El Paso; according
to several maps, a little south of El Paso. But I
am bound to say in candor to the Senate, that more
recent maps, and the one I have mentioned, made
from actual observations, give the latitude of El
Paso as 31° 45' 50", which is about fourteen mii^s
south of the line which 1 propose. I should he
very glad if 1 thought I could obtain the consent
of the Senate to run this line down to El Paso, so
as to correspond precisely with the line adopted by
the Convention of New Mexico. The difference,
however, is a small one. The town of El Paso
itself, as the Senate knows, is not on the east side
of the river, but belongs to the State of Chihuahua,
in Mexico, and the settlements upon the American
side up to the 32d degieo, do not, I take it, contain
much population. There is a small settlement at
Eleazario, some fifteen miles further south, form- j
erly in Chihuahua, but which by a freak of the j
river, changing its channel, is now on the east side
and in the United States. This proposed line will
give about half of the whole course of the Puerco
to New Mexico, along which are valleys nearly
parallel to those of the Bravo del Norte, which ore
suitable for settlement and the abodes of civiliza-
tion: and 1 think that with this territory on the :
east side of the river, and that which is not in dia- 1
pute or the west of the river, we shall be able to 1
form a State quite respectable enough. |
Well, now, sir, it becomes me to say to the •
Senate what there is that Texas surrenders to the i
United States, and what other considerations theic !
are which have induced me to offer the large !
amount of compensation proposed in the bill, in j
the first place, Texas surrenders all the territory i
north of the boundary line I have described, and ;
between it and the Arkansas river, which is un- |
doubtedly hers. It is, to be sure, a wild territory, i
without settlements, and almost unknown to civi- ;
lization, but traversed occasionally by her rangers \
and some trappers and hunters; indeed, I believe j
her rangers once had a conflict there with the |
troops of the United States, by whom they were 1
disarmed—an affair which made quite a disturb-
ance between the Governments of Texas and the
United States for a time. Humboldt, I think,
states the northern boundary of New Mexico to
be 38°—at least he says that it reaches from the
31st to the 38th degree of north latitude. North of
this projects the long, narrow neck of land which
reaches to the 42d parallel, our old boundary, and
of which it may be difficult to say to whom it did
belong—to Mexico or Texas. The latter claimed
it. It contained some seventeen or eighteen thou-
sand square miles of territory, important for oiher
purposes than tillage or settlement. All this is,
I know, not worth the ten millions which 1 pro-
pose to give Texas; but then we must recollect
that Texas has claims to other territory, which
she surrenders by the bill, (I do not say "rights;"
j caiefully make the discrimination)—to the whole
of the country cast of the Rio Grande. The Sen-
ate very well know that I am one of those who
never have believed in the validity of those claims,
but I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that there
are others who think that these,claims are per-
fectly valid. While I must maintain the convic-
tions of my own reason, I must be deferential and
respectful to gentlemen who entertain a different
opinion. I know that there are many gentlemen
on this floor who believe that Texas has always,
from the time of the battle of San Jacinto, or
rather the arrangement with Santa Anna, had a
valid and just claim to the whole of the territory
east of the Rio Grande, i also know that there
are other gentlemen who do not entertain that
opinion, and who, prior to the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, thought that Texas had no manner of
claim to this country, but that since that treaty
she has acquired a good right to it—that which
was only a claim having ripened into a title. Such
is the opinion of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Berrien,] whose integrity and wltose parliament-
ary and judicial ability command my most pro-
found respect. That Senator made an able and
ingenious argument upon this floor to prove thatf
to be the effect of the .treaty—that the limits on
Texas not having been fixed by treaty between
the United States and Mexico, we are estopped
from denying her claim to the Rio Grande. It is
not necessary for me to go into this argument. I
only desire to say that all this, though it may
not decide-, the claim of Texas, gives some color to
it, at ail events. Then, sir, the Government of
the United States has never recognized her title to
the Rio Grande country, and though the acts of a
former Executive seem to contradict it, yet it must
be admitted that Mr. Polk and his Administration
did in 1847 express an opinion in favor of this
claim. I never subscubcd to the sufficiency of the
reasons for this opinion, and indeed held them to
be wholly unsatisfactory; yet, when an eminent
functionary of the Government, bound by a high
duty in this respect, gives an opinion directly con-
tiary to my own, I do not feel, in a case like this,
that f ought to question his sincerity, or deny all
consideration to it. On the contrary, it is of the
very nature of compromise to allow weight to the
opinions of others which are adverse to our own.
[ think, therefore, that part of the proposed ten
millions may faiily be set down to the account of
the claims thus supported, even if we be not sat-
isfied ot their validity.
But, sir, there is another consideration, and it is
one to which I have been exceedingly unwilling to
give my assent, but to which, nevertheless, I have
been unable to refuse it. The Senate are aware
that the State of Texas has incuned, since her in-
dependence, a considerable debt. They know
a'so that she has issued bonds to her creditors, m
some of which the revenues from her customs are
specially pledged for the payment of principal and
interest. Upon the annexation of Texas to the
United States, her right to levy duties upon im-
ports was surrendered to the Government of the
United States; so that source of revenue became
extinct, or fell into the possession of the United
States. The revenue derivable from this source is
not at present large, but it is likely to become
very large and valuable m future. 1 understand,
from authorities on which 1 can rely, that the
trade of Texas at this ume amounts to five millions
of dollars a year, and that in the city of Houston
alone seven hundred and fifty thousand doers'
worth of dutiable goods are consumed annually.
We know that the population is increasing with
considerable rapidity, and in the course of a
