1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7,
few years will swell up to such an amount |
as would enable the Slate, if still in possession j
of the revenue derived from the duty on im- j
ports, to defray the interest on the bonds, and ■
finally to extinguish them by a full payment, i
True, Texas reserved to herself h*r public lands, j
but it is also true that they are at present a very i
inadequate source of revenue, and likely to con- !
tinueso for some time. When a State pledges her \
revenue, it is with an understanding that the cur- j
rent expenses of the governmentshall be deducted, i
because, if not, the government, unsupported by j
fiscal mears, could not exist; anarchy would en- ;
sue, and the responsibility and obligations to the [
creditors would become absolutely valueless. Bur,
sir, these creditors, to whom the revenues of Texas ;
were pledged for the payment of their bonds, must j
undoubtedly have relied upon that source of reve- i
nue; they must have looked, not to the present i
productiveness of these Texan sources of income, !
but to their future productiveness; and although !
they had no legal right to compel Texas to appro- .
priate the revenue derived from that source to the !
payment of the bond3, and are utterly powerless to
compel the United States, yet the very fact that
they are powerless, that they rest entirely unon
moral force for the performance of these obliga-
tions to them, gives them a higher claim to the ;
equity and consideration of the Congress of the 1
United States. 1 will not liken it to the case of a ;
mortgage, because 1 do not suppose the operations :
of the Government can be likened to a mortgage, i
being things different in their natures; but, so far i
as there is any analogy at ail, it is undoubtedly in I
favor of the case which I now present. Thecred- j
itors of Texas had a moral claim, at all events, :
upon the duties on imports, into Texas. Those |
duties have been taken by the United States, under j
the terms of annexation; and, although there was !
a special stipulation in the joint resolutions of an- ;
nexation that these creditors of Texas should not
claim of the United States Government the pay-
1 with others differ as to that, you will have
reached the aggregate amount of the #10,000,000
which is proposed to be paid in the bill i am
aware that this will be considered extravagant,
especially after the expensive war in which we
h<ive been engaged and more especially when
we consider the fifteen millions to be paid for
the cession, as many think, and as I think, of
part of this very territory; still, taking nil these
! considerations together, I think a fair case is
made out, on -which every Senator could justify
himself to his conscience for allowing the sum
proposed. But there is another consideration,
stronger with me than all these, quite as strong
even as the claims of justice, though it may seem
strange to say so; and that is, the consideration of
the peace and harmony of the country, which rests,
! 1 believe, on the proposition now before the Senate.
! f do not mean to say, nor have I the vanity to sup-
i pose, that any measure of mine is so important
j to the welfare of the country, and to its peace and
j harmony, but 1 do believe that the quiet of most
>[ of the discontent which pervades one portion of
: the country, and of the dissensions which disturb
' the harmony and threaten the peace of all, cannot
I be hoped for until the passage of some measure ef-
i fectmg the object which I have in view. Neither
: can I doubt that the people of the United States
j will cheerfully give from their vast resources
; the sum which is proposed for an object so
' patriotic and so important to them. Sir, we
. cannot close our eyes to the fact that this ter-
j ntonal dispute of Texas has brought about a
\ state of things of the most alarming character. It
j cannot be denied that a feeling of great discontent
| prevails in Texas. It is useless to ask whether
i there has been any justifying cau.se for this. The
j fact is so. Right or wrong, there is a general be-
| lief that they have claims which are valid, though
i not allowed; and that the power of the General
Government is interfering with their own vindica-
i tion of their claims. The counsels of wisdom and
roentof these duties, yet it may well be doubted H moderation are not likely to subdue the exaspera-
whether that agreement between the United States
and Texas can release the United States from its
moral obligation to the creditors, or whether, these
duties having been specifically pledged by Texas
for the payment of these bonds, it is not the duty
of the United States, at all events, to make some
compensation to these creditors. Well, sir, this
being the case, I think I am perfectly safe in say-
ing that the Congress of the United States need
never expect to get rid of the claims of these cred-
itors of Texas until they are paid. Considering
the vast extent of Texas, the large population
which muet soon fill her settlements, that her pro-
tion of feeling to which various causes have brought
the people of that State. Sympathetic feelings
prevail in some of the southern States, and it is j! Treasury Department.
a settlement with her creditors. I am not willing
to make such an imputation onTfxas, to suspect
in the least, her honor or the honor of her Legis-
lature. 1 am willing to submit the matter to her
decision, and to let her settle with her creditors
with the means with which we have provided her.
But ] admit, at the same time, that it is right to
guard the Treasury of the United States from the
contingencies which may flow from (his measure,
 f Texas should not adopt this course, or if Texas
were to settle with her creditors,not in full, but
upon a reduction of their claims for principal and
interest due by them, even with their assent. It is
possible that at some future time these creditors,
even after having consented to take seventy five
cents in the dollar, if that can be suoposed, may
come back on the government of the Uniied States
and demand the full amount. I propose to guard
against that, and for that purpose 1 have intro-
duced the last proviso in the bill. It provides that
of the ten millions of five percent, stock, to be
issued after the State of Texas shall have assented
to these terms, and signified her assent in proper
form to the Government of the United States, we
shall retain five millions until such time as a full
release shall be filed in the Treasury of the United
States, by the creditors holding those bonds for
which the duties on the customs are pledged. The
arrangement rendered necessary by this proviso
may easily be effected by these creditors and Texas.
On the presentation of these claims, (and I believe
they all have been presented under ihe act of the
Legislature of Texas of 1848, which called upon
the creditors to exhibit their claims,) the amount
of which is furnished in the statement I referred to
not long ago, to the treasury of Texas, it is per-
fectly competent for Texas to sive them orders for
stock on the Treasury of the United States, for the
amount to which they may be entitled, by any ar-
rangement which may be agreed upon between
them. And these orders, being filed in the Trea-
sury Department, will be ample security to the
United States, and protect us from the possible de-
mands to which I have referred. The necessary
details can be prescribed by the authority of the
difficult to say how far the inflamed spirit may be
diffused. This condition of things is threatening t\
the peace of the Union. It should be terminated
at osce, unless we are willing to see discord pre- 1
vailing, and the strength of the Government tried !
in the collision between State and general authori- j
ty, which cannot now be avoided, except by some j
such healing measure as this. No one can doubt !
that we ought to arrest these evils at once, to re- j
ve the country now from the agitating questions :
ductive capacity will soon be quadrupled, and that ;! which impede the public business from day to day,
her ability to consume will keep pace with increas-
ing production, we must see that no inconsiderable
tribute to our Treasury will flow from the customs
duties on Texan commerce. It is not a sufficient
answer to say that without annexation Texas
would have had no security, and theiefnre no in-
crease of commerce, for we know that her inde-
pendence would have been acknowledged by
Mexico on the condition of eternal separation from
the United States; and that if this scheme, guar-
antied by England and France, had gone into
operation, she would soon have gathered strength
and grown in prosperity. Besides, sir, I remem-
ber that when we were opposing annexation, one
prominent objection was that we should come
under obligations to pay a part of her debt. One
of her bonds was exhibited in the Senate, an*l we
were told to mark the pledgeand heed the liability
which would devolve on us. All these are con-
siderations which have weighed with me in deter-
mining the amount of ten millions allowed in the
bill.
I have been furnished with a statement from the
office of the Auditor and Comptroller of Texas,
which gives the names of the holders of all Texan
bonds for which the revenue from impoit duties
was specially pledged, and the amounts of prin-
cipal and interest respectively due to each, calcu-
lated up to some time in 1848. The aggregate
amount is $4,045,027 14; which, by this time, as
the interest is at the rate of ten per cent, per an-
num, must be about four millions and a half. If to
th.a  ui«, which equity strongly calls on us to al-
low, we add a liberal amount for the territory
which Texas undoubtedly cedes, and allow liber-
ally also for the territory which she claims, and
which some think she is justly entitled to, though
which stop the ordinary current of legislation, and
threaten to stop the wheels of Government, if not
to result in a dissolution of those bonds which
constitute us one people. Sir, I cannot be insensi-
ble to such considerations. I feel as strongly as
any one the absolute necessity of doing something
to put an end to a question which menaces us with
consequences so serious, if not fatal. I shall be
perfectly satisfied if the bill which I have presented
oe modified by theSenate in any manner agreeable
to them, if it will accomplish the purpose for which
it was designed.
There is another subject to which I must ask the
attention of the Senate for a few moments, and
that is the proviso attached to the lastclause of the
bill, it has been proposed by some that the Uni-
ted States should reserve to itself the right of dis-
tributing the money we may vote to Texas among
her creditors, but 1 have put no such provision &:<
that in the bill, and for several reasons. In the
first place, I do not wish the United States to be-
I have now, Mr. President, noticed briefly all
the features of the bill which I have presented. I
hope it will pass, because I feel sure that its pas-
sage will immediately remove the most trouble-
some of the causes which have disturbed our legis-
lation during this long and weary session. That
out of the way, we may hope to dispose of the
others speedily, and give quiet, content,and har-
mony to the country.
On Mr. Pkarce's motion, the bill was then or-
dered to be printed and made a special order.
On the bill being taken up to-day, it was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr UNDERWOOD. I feel constrained, Mr.
President, to consume some of the time of the
Senate in my opposition to this bill. I will get
through what I have to say with as much speel as
1 possibly can. lam one of those who, I sup-
I pose, may, to some extent, beheld responsible for
1 the defeat of what has been denominated the ^om-
: promise bill. When the Senator from Georgia
I offered his amendment to that bill, after the vari-
! ous fluctuations and manifestations of imbecility
j on the part of the friendsof that measure in chang-
| ing positions, and in changing front as soon as the
I amendment was offered to the bili, 1 entered my
; protest against it. The Senator from Maryland
i who introduced the measure now before theSenate
1 has the responsibility of having made the motion
for which I voted, and which, according to the
come a commissioner in bankruptcy for Texas; ,! friends of the compromise bill, ended in the de-
' ' *' 1 * J ~ m 11 struction of that measure. He has had his sh^re
of censure for the loss of that bill, and I, less dis-
tinguished and more humble than he, have escaped
from public notice, and from the c&iossai weight
of this responsibility.
But, Mr. President, from the beginning of that
measure down to its final termination, if the com-
mittee had ever thought proper to fill the blank
which we were told at some day or other in the
progress of that bill was to be filled, I intended to
submit to the Senate some remarks on the sub-
ject. The bill having been disposed of without
the blank ever having been filled, and the same
proposition in substance, with a slight modifica-
tion > coming up under the bill offered by the Sena-
and in the second, 1 do not want to place Texas
in the condition of appearing to be obliged to be
placed in the hands of a commissioner of bank-
ruptcy. It seems to me fhot while it would be im-
politic in us to undertake that which we have not
the means of doing propeily, Texas can, with
safety to her creditors and honor to herself, make
this distribution. It would also be an indignity to
the State of Texas. Sir, one of the highest affronts
that could be offered to an honest man, would be
to say, when he has ample means to discharge his
debts, that you suspect his honor, and will not
tiust him with ihe money devoted to this purpose.
It is quite as offensive, undoubtedly, to a State, to
j suppose that she will be faithless and fraudulent in
