1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, declined to with-
draw his moiion.
The PRESIDENT put the question on the de-
mand for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered, and, being- taken, resulted as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atehieon, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Clemens, Davis of'jMi.-s-i.-^jppi, Dawt-on, Downs,
Fo le, Hunter, King, Mason. AJoiton, Sebastian, Soulfj,
Turiu-v, and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Me^rs.Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,Bright Cass,
Clarke, Davis of Mas&achuseils, Da>ion, Diekms-on, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Do.ige of Iowa, Dnuglns-, Evvmg, Felch,
Greene, Houston, .lone*, Nnm*, P^arce, Phelps,
Seward, Shield*, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon,(Jpliam,Wales,
Walker, and Winthrop—3J.
Mh YULEE then proceeded with his remarks,
and having spoken half an hour longer—
Mr. DAWSON rose and said: If my friend
from Florida wiil give way, I will move an ad-
journment.
Mr. YULEE. I would rather owe nothing to
the courtesy of the Senate. I am very much
obliged to the Senator from Georgia, nevertheless.
Mr. DAWSON. In justification of my sug-
gestion, I will remark that it must now be cleaify
perceived that the speech of the Senalor from Flor-
ida is not made to delay the action of this body.
It is a speech which is replete with important facts,
and it is a courtesy which is due to every member
that he should be allowed to present the facts
which he has collected, with more convenience to
himself.
Mr. DfCKINSON. 1 concur with the Senator
from Georgia that it is evident the speech of the 1
Senator from Florida is not made against time. 1 ■
was desirous to hear hitn yesterday; 1 am anxious ;
to hear him to-day, and if not convenient for him ■
to finish, I shall be willing to hear him again to-
morrow. But, at the same time, there is an ex- '
pressiori to which he has given utterance which 1 ,
hope he will withdraw, inasmuch as it places some !
Senators under a sort of duress, arid that he will ■
consent to an adjournment. i
Mr. YULEE. 1 am much obliged to my friends, i
butl cannot give way. What I said, I said coolly ;
and deliberately. I speak frankly. What I said
was called forth by what occurred around me; and '
I now say that I shall feel'myself bound to use :
every proper parliamentary means to avert so
great a calamity as I see is to be forced upon the ;
country and upon mankind. I will proceed with
my remarks. ,
Mr. BUTLER rose and essayed to address the '
Senate. i
Mr. YULEE. I prefer to go on now.
He then continued his speech for about half an :
hour longer, when he wais interrupted by '
Mr. BADGER, who requested him to give way
for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. YULEE replied, that he certainly was suf- i
fering from a soreness of throat, and, besides, a I
note had been put into his hands which induced
lum to give way.
Mr. BADGER said that some consideration was
due to the Senator fiom Florida, and he hoped
theiefore that the Senate would not object to an
adjournment.
-Mr. YULEE. I hope the motion to adjourn
will not be put upoti the ground of courtesy to me.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and weie as follow:
YEArs— Messrs. Atchison, Badger, fiiiriivvell, Berrien,
Biitln, Clemens Dans ol D.mson, DickuiM.ii
M'.uon, Nuins, Sebastian
Sou 16, umlei wood, and \ nl.*e s9 - '
they will have fo come to the issue, What are the
rights of minorities'—an issue, which, I think, is
not consonant with the character of an intelligent
Congress. My friend from Georgia, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] as ail knov: has assumed a position to-
wards this subject which requires that he should
he heard. Indeed, he has already intimated that
he shall ask to be heard, and if the majority are
determined to force us to a conclusion to-night, to-
night that Senator must be heard. I seelid'ica-
tions that we are to be forced to a final vote; but
as the Senator from Florida has not finished, and
as he is already much exhausted, I shall feel
bound to resort to all the means which the parlia-
mentary law provides for his relief. I hope he
will take his time and do himself and his subject
justice. 1 give notice that I shall avail myself of
every parliamentary motion, and upon them I shall
continually call for the y ess and nays, if the course
indicated by the majority is persisted in. I am
sorry that I am forced to do it, but I see that a
contest is to be forced upon us, to compel us to
take a vole, and thereby preclude the speech of
< my friend from Georgia. The Senators from Geor-
; gia, or one of them at least is bound to speak
' upon this subject. The Senator from Louisiana
; [Mr. Soule] has also given notice that he too wishes
j to speak; but I allude particularly to the Senator?
i from Georgia, who are under an uncontrollable
; necessity to address the Senate on this subject. I
| will not undertake to admonish Senators, but they
; may depend upon it that there is wisdom injustice
' and maffnanimity.
j The yeas and nays were then ordered.
! Mr. BERtllEN. Reference having been made j
S to me by the Senator from South Carolina, I am :
I induced to say, on behalf of mv colleague and ■
J myself, that the position of the State which we
| represent is such as to make it the duty of one of 1
, us to show distinctly to the Senate the grounds 1
j upon which that State places her opposition to the
; passage of this bill. 1 have briefly addressed the
: Senate before, but I have spoken to amendments, !
and have not spoken to the general merits of this I
' or the compromise bill. I must fulfill my duty to
' my State. j
Whether the Senate, or those gentlemen who !
advocate this bill, believe that the circumstances '
are of sufficient urgency to justify them in with- j
holding the usual couitesy; whether they believe :
it to be their duty to compel me, in the fulfillment i
of my duty to my State, to address an exhausted 1
Senate, when I am not in a condition to fulfill that I
duty to my own satisfaction, is a question which, ,
without desiring to produce any excitement, I wish i
respectfully to submit to the body for its decision. I
If the Senate shall think proper to compel me to ■
proceed to-night, I will obey their order in the ne- :
cessary fulfillment of my duty. But if they shall
be willing to pursue a different course—and I as
sure the Senate that! desire to allay all excitement
and agitation— it w ill afford me great satisfaction.
The vote was then taken upon the motion to
postpone, and it resulted as follows:
and WlMcomb
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
lVh. 1>UI I move that the further con- '
sideration of the subject be postponed until to- <
morrow at one o'clock; and 1 have a word to say '
upon that subject. I .iid not intend to take part :
m this debate, but I now feel bound to say a few
words The Senator from Florida has not occu- 1
pied the attention of the Senate before, hut he has '
now given us the benefit of his dehbe.ations in a !|
speec.i which, when it shall be published, will be :i
found to be the vehicle of much valuable mforma- |!
tion. He has spoken pertinently and to the pm-
pose,ana i hone tnat the coui tesy usually extended '
under such ciicurnstances is not to be violated 1
under the sanction of numbers. If o-entlemen ''
choose to resort to such a course, I ihink they ij
will find, certainly contrary to my inclination, that 11
-23. • ■ - ,j
; iV.W S—Messrs Bentnn, Brielit, Clarke, Davis ofMassa- 1
cliiisuts, Dnton, l)od e ut Wisconsin, Duilae of Iowa
Unuglil-, Eum , I'Vldi, Ui.-eiH-, li.ilc, U.unlin, Phelps, Sew- ii
aid. c-liiHd-, Small, tip'ii.ince, Uph.un, Wales, Walker, n
Wuitinvp, and Wliiteoinb—23. !i
So the motion was not agreed to. ]
Mr. SOULE. I move that the Senate do now |!
adjourn. j
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays :
and they were as follow: ' j;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, B rrien 1
nutlet, Clemens Davis of Mis-issipp,, Dawson, Downs .
FooteHunter, King, Mason Mor[,„, H„.k Sel.a.-Udl,
souls, Sturgeon, Tiirne}, Underwood, and Yulee—21 :
Ronton, Bradbury, Bmht3CI;tik<>, Davis li
or McW-ac-iiusHt^Dauon, Dud*<' ot Wi-enrxm. Dod«rP of
Jowa,f)ou<fla-sEwui<_'. FHeh,(Ji< enr, Hale, H.iml'm, P1k-!d^
^Mvard, Slnel^, Snmh, Spruauce, L'pham, VValeh, Walker! '■
VVuuhrop, and Wlmcomb—'24. ' '
So the Senate refused to adjourn. !
Mr. FOOTE, by general consent, laid upon the
table an amendment which he desired hereafter to !
offer. I
Mr. ATCHISON'. I move to postpone the fur- !
ther consideration of this subject until to-morrow |
at twelve o clock; and I will take occasion to say j
that my opinion is, that by agreeing to that motion 1
arid then adjourning wc shall not postpone final |
action upon this bill beyond a day or two. We
are only promised three nioie speeches.
Mr. PHELPS. Only three! [Laughter.]
Mr. ATCHISON. Only three, so far as 1 am
informed.
Mr. PHELPS. I am gratified to hear it. [Re-
newed laughter ]
Mr. ATCHISON. It alwaysgives me pleasure
to gratify the Senator from Vermont. 1 repeat,
sir, that if we take the usual course in respect to
this bill we shall come to an end in the course of
i a day or two, and certainly with much moie com-
I fort to ourselves th.rn if the course shall be pursutd
j of which we have had indications. I have seen
j nothing that even approaches a factious opposiiion
I to this bill or to the wishes of a majoiity of the
I Senate. No man can with truth say that the
Senator from Florida has taken up as much time
as several other Senators on this floor, and when
he intimates to the Senate that he is unable to
on and do justice to himself without endangering
his own health, I tntrik we may with propriety
grant the indulgence asked for, and even then ges
a vote upon this bill m the cou se of a wetk. I
do not think it is a matter of vital importance to
the thirty Slate's of this Union, or to the people of
California, either State or Territory, that the bill
should be pushed through the Senate one, two, or
three days sooner or later. If any Senator can as-
sign a good reason for this undue haste 1 should
like to hear it.
Mr. DAYTON. Will the Senator fiom Mis-
souri and his friends say that if we consent to an
adjournment now, the vote shall be taken to-mor-
row ? If so, 1 will vole for an adjournment at
once.
Mr. SEWARD. On the day after to-morrow ?
Mr. DAYTON. Yes, if they will even say
that the vote shall taken the day after to-monow,
I will vote for ari adjournment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am not authorized to des-
ignate a day; butl can say for myself that 1 do not
expect to make a speech, long oi shoit. 1 shall,
however, insist upon the rights of those gentlemen
who think that they will not have discharged
their duty until they have placed their views be-
fore the Senate and the country. I must, how-
ever, remark that the course of the Senator from
New Jersey, and some others who act with hiin,
is most astonishing. It has been remaikable
from the time of the acquisition of the Mexican
territory to the present hour. What, sir, can be
operating upon the mmd of the Senator from New
Jersey? Why is he now so anxious, with such
unusual haste, to give laws to California? My
memory runs back, with some degree of distinct-
ness, to the beginning of the business. And what,
i sir, has bepn the eouise of the Senator from New
j Jeisey? Permit me hereto say, that 1 cast no
censure upon my fuend from Illinois, [Mr. Dotrc-
las,] and those who act with him, for they have
liberally come forward to give laws to California
and the Territories acquired from Mexico; but the
Senator from New Jersey has been heretofore a
bitter opponent to California and to the Territo-
ries. When the Clayton compromise bill was
before the Senate it met with his determined oppo-
sition 
The PRESIDENT.
souri is not in order.
Mr. ATCHIbON. Am I not in order in trying
to show what has been the course of the Senator
from New Jersey, and that there are leasons for
that course ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is simply as
to the propriety of postponing the further consid-
eration of this bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. Well, sir, when I get
through, you will see the force of my argument.
Sir, 1 will not detain the Senate five nunutes long-
er; but I dtsire to say that the Senator fiom JN'ew
Jersey voted against the Clayton compromise bill,
and did ail in his power to defeat it. The Journal
will show if, and he, 1 presume, will not deny it.
He is too candid to deny whar I have stated.
Then a<rain, sir, the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Walker] introduced a proposition as an
amendment to the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill to give governments to the Territories.
Did it meet with favor from the Senator from New
Jersey, and those who are now acting with hun ?
ISo, sir. He opposed it with all his energy, vigor,
and talent, and he has us much or more than oidi-
nary men. But now, sir, what is the course
The Senator from Mis-
