1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
4fi&
great reluctancc. Nevertheless, as small and con-
temptible as the party then was, both of the great
parties at the North dreaded them. They felt
that, though small, they were organized m refer-
ence to a subject which had a great and command-
ing influence over the northern mind. Each party,
on that account, feared to oppose their petitions,
iest the opposite party should take advantage of
the one who might do so, by favoring their peti-
tions. The effect was, that both united in insist-
ing that the petitions should be received, and that
Congress should take jurisdiction of the subject
for which they prayed. To justify their course,
they took the extraordinary ground that Congress
was bound to receive petitions on every subject,
however objectionable it might be, and whether
they had or had not jurisdiction over the subject.
These views prevailed in the House of Represent-
atives, and paitially in the Senate, and thus the
party succeeded in their first movements in gain-
ing what they pioposed—a position in Congress
from which agitation could be extended over the
whole Union. This was the commencement of
thejigitation, which has ever since continued, and
which, as is now acknowledged, has endangered
the Union itself.
As for myself, I believed, at that early period,
if the party who got up the petitions should suc-
ceed in getting Congress to take jurisdiction, that
agitation would follow, and that it would, in the
end, if not arrested, destroy the Union. I then
so expressed myself in debate, and called upon
both parties to take grounds against assuming ju-
risdiction, but in vain. Had my voice been heeded,
and had Congress refused to take jurisdiction, by
the united votes of all parties, the agitation which
followed would have been prevented, and the fa-
natical zeal that gives impulse to the agitation, and
which has brought us to our present perilous con-
dition, would have become extinguished fiom the
want of something to feed the flame. Thttt was
the time for the North to show her devotion to the
Union; but unfortunately both of the great parties
of that section were so intent on obtaining or re-
taining party ascendency, that all other considera-
tions were overlooked or forgotten.
What has since followed are but the natural
consequences. With the success of their first
movement, this small fanatical party began to ac-
quire strength; and with that to become an object
of courtship to both the great parties. The neces-
sary consequence was a further increase of power,
and a gradual tainting of the opinions of both of the
other parties with their doctrines until the infection
has extended over both; and the great mass of the
population of the North who, whatever may be
their opinion of the original abolition party, which
still preserves its distinctive organization, hardly
ever fail, when it comes to acting, to cooperate m
carrying out their measures. "With the increase
of their influence, they extended the sphere of
their action. In a short time after the commence-
ment of their first movement, they had acquired
sufficient influence to induce the Legislatures of
most of the northern States to pass acts which in
effect abrogated the provision of the Constitution
that provides for the delivery up of fugitive slaves.
Not long after, petitions followed to abolish slavery
in forts, magazines, and dock-yards, and ah other
places where Congress had exclusive power of le-
gislation. This was followed by petitions and reso-
lutions of Legislatures of the northern States and
popular meetings, to exclude the southern States
from all territories acquired or to be acquired,
and to prevent the admission of any State hereaf-
ter into the Union which, by its constitution, does
not prohibit slavery. And Congress is invoked
to do all thi3 expressly with the view to the final
abolition of slavery in the States. That has been
avowed to be the ultimate object from the Begin-
ning of the agitation until the present time; and
yet the great body of both parties of the North,
with the full knowledge of the fact, although dis-
avowing the abolitionists, have cooperated with
them inalmost all their measures.
Such is a brief history of the agitation, as far as
it has yet advanced. Now, I ask Senators, what
is there to prevent its further progress, until it ful-
fills the ultimate end proposed, unless some deci-
sive measure should be adopted to prevent it. Has
anv one of the causes, which has added to its in-
crease from its original small and contemptible be-
ginning until it has attained its present magnitude,
diminished in force? Is the original cause of the
movement, that slavery is a sin, and ought to be
suppressed, weaker now than at the commence-
ment? Or is the Abolition party less numerous or
influential, or have they less influence over, or
control over the two great parties of the North in
elections? Or has the South greater means of in-
fluencing or controlling the movements of this
Government now than it had when the agitation
commenced ? To all these questions but one an-
swer can be given: no, no, no! The very reverse
is true. Instead of being weaker, all the elements
in favor of agitation are stronger now than they
were in 1835, when it first commenced, while all
the elements of influence on the part of the South
are weaker. Unless something decisive is done,
I again ask what is to stop this agitation, before
the great and final object at which it aims—the
abolition of slavery ill the States—is consummated ?
Is if, then, not certain that if something decisive is
not now done to arrest it, the South will be forced
to choose between abolition and secession ? Indeed,
as events are now moving, it will not require the
South to secede to dissolve the Union. Agitation
will of itself effect it, of which its past history fur-
nishes abundant proof, as I shall next proceed to
show.
It is a great mistake to suppose that disunion
can be effected by a single blow. The coids which
bind these States together in one common Union
are far loo numerous and powerful for that. Dis-
union must be the work of time. It is only through
a long process, and successively, that the cords
can be snapped, until the whole fabiic falls asunder.
Already the agitation of the slavery question has
snapped some of the most important, and has
greatly weakened all the others, as 1 shall proceed
to show.
The cords that bind the States together are not
only many, but various in chaiacter. Some are
spiritual or ecclesiastical; some political; others
social. Some appertain to the benefit conferred
by the Union, and others to the feeling of duty
and obligation.
The strongest of those of a spiritual and eccle-
siastical nature consisted in the unity of the great
religious denominations, all of which originally
etnbtaced the whole Union. All these denomina-
tions, with the exception, perhaps, of the Catho-
lics, were organized \ery much upon the principle
of our political institutions;beginning with smaller
meetings corresponding with the political divisions
of the country, their organization terminated in
one great central assemblage, corresponding very
much with the character of Congress. At these
meetings the principal clergymen and lay mem-
bers of the respective denominations from all parts
of the Union met to transact business relating "to
their common concerns. It was not confined to
what appertained to the doctrines and discipline of
the respective denominations, but extended to
plans for disseminating the Bible, establishing
missionaries, distributing tracts, and of establishing
presses for the publication of tracts, newspapers,
and periodicals, with a view of diffusing reiigi0U3
information, and for the support of the doctrines
and creeds of the denomination. All this combined,
contributed greatly to strengthen the bonds of the
Union. The strong ties which held each denom-
ination together formed a strong cord to hold the
whole Union together; but, as powerful as they
were, they have not been able to resist the ex-
plosive effect of slavery agitation.
The first of these cords which snapped, under
its explosive force, was that of the powerful Meth-
odist Episcopal Church. The numerous and
strong ties which held it together are all broke,
and its unity gone. They now form separate
churches, and, instead of that feeling of attach-
ment and devotion to the interests ot the whole
church which was formerly felt, they are now
arrayed into two hostile bodies, engaged in litiga-
tion about what was formerly their common prop-
erty.
The next cord that snapped was that of the
Baptists, one of the largest and most respectable
of the denominations. That of the Presbyterian
is not entirely snapped, but some of its strands
have given away. That of the Episcopal Church
is the only one of the four great Protestant denom-
inations which remains unbroken and entire.
The strongest cord of a political character con-
sists of the many and strong ties that have held to-
gether the two great parties, which have, with some
modifications, existed from the beginning of the
Government. They both extended to every portion
of the Union, and Strongly contributed to hold all
its parts together. But this powerful cord has fared
no better than the spiritual. It resisted for a long
time the explosive tendency of the agitation, but
has finally snapped under its force—if not entirety,
in a great measure. Nor is there one of the re-
maining cords which have not been greatly weak-
ened. To this extent the Union has already been
destroyed by agitation, in the only way it can be,
by snapping asunder and weakening the cords
which bind it together.
If the agitation goes on, the same force, acting
with increased intensity, as has been shown, will
finally snap every cord, when nothing will be left
to hold the States together except force. But
surely that can, with no propriety of lauguage, be
colled a union, when the only means by which
the weaker is held connected with the stronger
portion is force. It may, indeed, keep them con-
nected; but the connection will partake much more
ot the character of subjugation, on the part of the
weaker to the stronger, than the union of free,
independent, and sovereign States, in one confed-
eration, as they stood in the early stages of the.
Government, and which only is worthy of the
sacred name of union.
Having now, Senators, explained what it is that
endangers the Union, and traced it to Its cause,
and explained its nature and character, the ques-
tion asrain recurs, How can the Union be saved ?
To this I answer, there is but one way by which
it can be, and that is, by adopting such measures
as will satisfy the States belonging to the southern
section that they can remain in the Union consist-
ently with their honor and their safety. There is,
again, only one way by which that can be effected,
and that is, by removing the causes by which this
belief has been produced. Do that, and discontent
will cease, harmony and kind feelings between the
sections be restored, and every apprehension of
danger to the Union removed. Thequestion then
is, By what can this be done ? But, before I un-
dertake to answer this question, I propose to show
by what the Union cannot be saved.
It cannot, then, be saved by eulogies on the
Union, however splendid or numerous. The cry
of "Union, Union, the glorious Union !" can no
1 more prevent disunion than the cry of "Health,
j health, glorious health !" on the part of the phy-
: sician can save a patient lying dangerously ill.
So long as the Union, instead of being regarded as
a protector, is regarded in the opposite character,
by not much less than a majority of the States, it
will be in vain to attempt to conciliate them by
pronouncing eulogies on it.
Besides, this cry of Union comes commonly
from those whom we cannot believe to be sincere.
It usually comes from our assailants. But we
cannot believe them to be sincere; for, if they
loved the Union, they would necessarily be devo-
ted to the Constitution. It made the Union, and
to destroy the Constitution would be to destroy
the Union. But the only reliable and certain evi-
dence of devotion to the Constitution is to abstain,
on the one hand, from violating it, and to repel, on
the other, all attempts to violate it. It is only by
faithfully performing these high duties that the
Constitution can be preserved, and with it the
Union.
But how stands the profession of devotion to the
Union by our assailants, when brought to this
test? Have they abstained from violating the
Constitution? Let the many acts passed by the
noithern States to set aside and annul the clause
of the Constitution providing for the delivery up
of fugitives slaves answer. I cite this, not that it
isthe°only instance, (for there are many others,)
but because the violation m this particular is too
notorious and palpable to be denied. Again,
have they stood forth faithfully to repel violations
of the Constitution ? Let their course m reference
to the agitation of the slavery question, whicn
was commenced and has been carried oil for fifteen
years, avowedly for the purpose of abolishing
slavery in the States—an object all acknowledged
to be unconstitutional—answer. Let them show
a single instance, during this long period, m which
they have denounced the agitators or their attempts
to effect what is admitted to be unconstitutional,
or a single measure which they have brought for-
ward for that purpose. How can we, with all
these facts before us, believe that they are sincere
in their profession of devotion to the Union, or
