454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
avoid believing their profession is but intended to
increase the vigoi of their assaults and to weaken
the force of our resistance-?
Nor can we regard the profession of devotion
to the Union, on the part of those who are not our
assailants, as sincere, when they pronounce eulogies
upon the Union, evidently with the intent of char-
ging us with disunion, without uttering one word
of denunciation against our assailants. If friends
of the Union, their course should be to unite with
us in repelling these assaults, and denouncing the
authors as enemies of the Union. Why they
avoid this, and pursue the course they do, it is for
them to explain.
Nor can the Union be saved by invoking the
name of the illustrious Southerner whose mortal
remains repose on the western bank of the Poto-
mac. He was one of us—a slaveholder and a
planter. "We have studied his history, and find
nothing in it to justify submission to wrong. On
the contrary, his great fame rests on the solid
foundation that, while he was careful to avoid
doing wrong to others, he was prompt and decided
in repelling wrong. I trust that, in this respect,
we profited by his example.
Nor can we find anything in his history to deter
us from seceding from the Union, should it fail to
fulfill the objects for which it was instituted, by
being permanently and hopelessly converted into
the means of oppressing instead of protecting us.
On the contrary, we find much in his example to
encourage us, should we be forced to the extremity
of deciding between submission and disunion.
There existed then, as well as now, a Union—
that between parent country and her then colonies.
It was a union that had much to endear it to the
people of the colonies. Under its protecting and
superintending care, the colonies were planted and
grew up and prospered, thiough a long course of
years, until they became populous and wealthy.
Its benefits were not limited to them. Their ex-
tensive agricultural and other productions gave
birth to a flourishing commerce, which richly re-
warded the parent country for the trouble and ex-
pense of establishing and protecting them. Wash-
ington was born and grew up to manhood under
that Union. He acquired his early distinction in
its service, and there is every reason to believe
that he was devotedly attached to it. But his de-
votion was a rational one. He was attached to it,
not as an end, but as a means to an end. When it
failed to fulfill its end, and, instead of alibiding
protection, was converted into the means of op-
pressing the colonies, he did not hesitate to draw
his sword, and head the great movement by which
that union was foicver seveied, and ihe independ-
ence of these States established. This was the
great and crowning glory of his life, which has
spread his fame over the whole globe, and will
transmit it to the latest posterity.
Nor can the plan proposed by the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, nor that of tiie Adminis-
tration, save the Union. I shall pass by, without
remark, the plan proposed by the Senator, and
pioceed diiectly to the consideration of that of the
Administration. I, however, assure the distin-
guished and able Senator, that in taking this
course, no disrespect whatever is intended to him
or his plan. I have adopted it, because so many
Senators o( distinguished abilities, who were pres-
ent when he delivered his speech, and explained
his plan, and who were fully capable to do justice
to the side they support, have replied to him.
The plan of the Administration cannot save the
Union, because it can have no effect whatever to-
wards satisfying the States composing the south-
ern t-eeiion of the Union that they can, consistent-
ly with safety and honor, lemain in the Union.
It is, IP fact, but a modification of the Wilmot
proviso. It proposes to effect the same object, to
exclude, the Sooth from all territory acquired by
me Mexican treaty. It is well known that the
South is united against the Wilmot proviso, and
has committed itself, by solemn resolutions, to re-
sist, should it be adopted. Its opposition is not to
the name, but that which it proposes to ejject. That
the northern States hold to be unconstitutional,
umust, inconsistent with their equality as members
of the common Union, and calculated to destroy
irretrievably the equilibrium between the two sec-
tions. These objections equally apply to what,
for brevity, I will call the Executive proviso.
There is no difference between it and the Wilmot,
except m the mode of effecting the object, and in
that respect I must say that the latter is much the
least objectionable. It goes to its object openly,
boldly, and distinctly. It claims for Congress un-
limited power over the territories, and proposes to
assert it over the territories acquired from Mexico,
by a positive prohibition of slavery. Not so the
Executive proviso. It takes an indirect course,
and in order to elude the Wilmot proviso, and
thereby avoid encountering the united and deter-
mined resistance of the South, it denies, by impli-
cation, the authority of Congress to legislate for
the territories, and claims the right as belonging
exclusively to the inhabitants of the territories.
But to effect the object of excluding the South, it
takes care, in the mean time, to let in emigrants
freely from the northern States, and all other quar-
ters, except from the South, which it takes special
care to exclude, by holding up to them the danger
of having their slaves liberated under the Mexican'
laws. The necessary consequence is to exclude
the South from the territory, just as effectually as
would the Wilmot proviso. The only difference
in this respect is, that what one proposes to effect
directly and openly, the other proposes to effect
indirectly and covertly.
But the Executive proviso ismore objectionable
than the Wilmot, in another and more impoitant
particular. The latter, to effect its object, millets
| a dangerous wound upon the Constitution, by de-
priving the southern States, as joint partners and
owneis of the territories, of their rights in them;
but it inflicts no greater wound than is absolutely
necessary to effect its object. The former, on the
contrary, while it inflicts the same wound, in-
' flicts others equally great,and, if possible, greater,
as I shall next proceed to explain.
In claiming the right for the inhabitant, instead
of Congress, to legislate for the territories, in the
Executive proviso, it assumes that the soveieignty
over the territories is vested in the former; or, to
expiess it in the language used in a resolution
oileied by one of the Senmois from Texas, [Gen-
eral Houston, now absent,] they have " the same
inherent right of self-government as the people in
the States." The assumption is utterly unfounded,
unconstitutional, without example, and contrary
to the entire practice of the Government, from i s
commencement to the present tune, as I shall pro-
ceed to show.
The recent movement of individuals in Cali-
fornia to form a constitution and a State Govern-
ment, and to appoint Senators and Representa-
tives, is the first fruit of this monstrous as-
sumption. If the individuals who made this
!| movement had gone into California as adventu-
ji rers, and if, as such, they had conquered the ter-
;j ntory and established their independence, the
| sovereignty of' the country would have been vested
1 in them, as a separate and independent commu-
[ nity. In that case, they would have had the right
to form a constitution, and to establish a govern-
I nusnt for themselves; and if, afterwards, they
! thought proper to apply to Congress for admission
; into the Union as a sovereign and independent
; State, all this would have been regular, and ac-
; cording to established principles. But such is not
the case. It was the United States who conquered
California, and finally acquired it by treaty. The
sovereignty, of couise, is vested in them, and not
in the individuals who have attempted to form a
constitution and a State, without their consent.
All this is clear, beyond controversy, unless it can
be shown that they have since lost or been divested
of their sovereignty.
Nor is it less ciear, that the power of legislating
over the acquired territory is vested in Congress,
and not, as is assumed, in the inhabitants of the
territories. None can deny that the Government
of the United States have the power to acquire
| territories, either by war or treaty; but if the
ji power to acquire exists, it belongs to Congress to
carry it into execution. On this point there can
be no doubt, for the Constitution expressly pro-
!; vides that Congress shall have power " to'make
, all laws which shall be necessary and proper to
l'carry into execution the foregoing powers,11
j (those vested in Congress,) " and all other powers
11 vested by this Constitution in the Government of
j the United States, or in any department or vjjtce
thereof." Tt matters not, then, where the power
; is vested; for, if vested at all in the Government
I of the United States, or any of its departments or
1 officers, the power of carrying it into execution is
clearly vested in Congress. But this important
provision, while it gives to Congress the power of
legislating over territories, imposes important re-
strictions on its exercise, by restricting Congress
to passing laws necessary and proper for carrying
the power into execution. The prohibition ex-
tends, not only to all laws not suitable or appro-
priate to the object of the power, but also to all
that are unjust, unequal, or unfair; for all such
laws would be unnecessary and improper, and,
therefore, unconstitutional.
Having now established beyond controversy,
that the sovereignty over the territories is vested
in the United States—that is in the several States
composing the Union—and that the power of
legislating over them is expressly vested in Con-
gress, it follows that the individuals in California
who have undertaken to form a constitution and a
State, and to exercise the power of legislating
without the consent of Congress, have usurped
the sovereignty of the State and the authority of
Congress, and have acted in open defiance of them
both. In other words, what they have done,.is
revolutionary and rebellious in its character, an-
archical in its tendency, and calculated to lead to
the most dangerous consequences. Had they
acted from premeditation and design, it would
have been, in fact, actual rebellion; but such is
not the case. The blame lies much less upon
them than upon those who have induced them to
take a course so unconstitutional and dangerous.
They have been led into it by language held here,
and the course pursued by the Executive branch
of the Government.
1 have not seen the answer of the Executive to
the calls made by the t%vo Houses of Congress for
information as to the course which it took, or the
part which it acted, in reference to what was done
in California. I understand the answers have not
yet been printed. But there is enough known to
justify the assertion that those who profess to rep-
resent and act under the authority of the Exe-
cutive, have advised, aided, and encouraged the
movement, which terminated m forming what they
call a Constitution and a State. Gen. Riley, who
professed to act as civil governor, called the con-
vention, determined on the number and distribution
of the delegates, appointed the time and place of
its meeting, was present during the session, and
gave its proceedings his approbation and sanction.
If he acted without authority, he ought to have
been tried, or at least reprimanded and disavowed.
Neither having been done, the presumption is that
his course has been approved. This of itself is
sufficient to identify the Executive with his acts,
and to make it responsible for them. I touch not
the question whether Gen. Riley was appointed or
received the instructions under which he professed
to act from the present Executive or its predeces-
sor. If from the former, it would implicate the
preceding as well as the present Administration.
If not, the responsibility rests exclusively on the
present.
It is manifest fiom this statement that the Exe-
cutive Department has undertaken to perform acts
preparatory to the meeting of the individuals to
form their so-called constitution and government,
which appertain exclusively to Congress. Indeed,
they are identical in many respects v/ith the pro-
visions adopted by Congress, when it gives per-
mission to a territory to form a constitution and
government in older to be admitted as a State into
the Union. „
Having now 3hown that the assumption upon
which the Executive and the individuals in Califor-
nia acted throughout this whole affair is unfound-
ed, unconstitutional, and dangerous, it remains to
make a few remaiks, in order to show that what
has been done is contrary to the entue practice of
the government from its commencement to the pres-
ent time.
From its commencement until the time that
j Michigan was admitted, the piactice was uniform,
i Territorial Governments were first organized by
! Congress. The Government of the United States
| appointed the governors, judges, secretaries, mar-
j shals, and other officers, and the inhabitants of
; the territory were represented by legislative
1 bodies, whose acts were subject to the revision of
Congress. This state of things continued until
the government of a territory applied to Congress
to permit its inhabitants to form a constitution and
government, preparatory to admission into the
Union. The preliminary act to giving permission
was, to ascertain whether the inhabitants were
