1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
sufficiently numerous to authorize them to be
formed into a State. This was done by, taking a
census. That being done, and the number proving
sufficient, permission was granted. The act grant-
ing it fixed all the preliminaries—the time and
place of holding the Convention; the qualification
of the voters; establishment of its boundaries, and
all other measures necessary to be settled previous
to admission. The act giving permission neces-
sarily withdraws the sovereignty of the United
States, and leaves the inhabitants of the incipient
Slate as fiee to foim their constitution and govern-
ment as were the original States of the Union after
they had declared their independence. At this
stage, the inhabitants of the territory became for
the first time a people, m legal and constitutional
language. Prior to this, they were, by the old
acts of Congress, called inhabitants, and not peo-
ple. All this is perfectly consistent with the sov-
ereignty of the United States, with the powers of
Congress, and with the right of a people to self-
government.
Michigan was the first case in which there was
any departure from the uniform rule of acting.
Hers was a very slight departure from established
usage. The ordinance of 1787 secured to her the
right of becoming a State when she should have
60,000 inhabitants. Owing to some neglect, Con-
gress .delayed taking the census. In the mean
time her population increased until it clearly ex-
ceeded more than twice the number which entitled
her to admission. At this stage she formed a con-
stitution and government without the census being
taken by the United States, and Congress waived
the omission, as there was no doubt she had more
than a sufficient number to entitle her to admission.
She was not admitted at the first session she
applied, owing to some difficulty respecting the
boundary between her and Ohio. The great
irregularity, as to her admission, took place at the
next session, but on a point which can have no
possible connection with the case of California.
The irregularities in all other cases that have
since occurred are of a similar nature. In all there
existed territorial governments established by Con-
gress, with officers appointed by the United States.
In all the territorial government took the lead in
calling conventions and fixing the preliminaries
preparatory to the formation of a constitution and
admission into the Union. They all recognized
the sovereignty of the United States and the au-
thority of Congress over the territories; and
wherever there was any departure from estab-
lished usage, it was done on the presumed con-
sent of Congress, and not in defiance of its au-
thority, or the sovereignty of the United States
over the territories® In this respect California
stands alone, without usage, or a single example
to cover her case.
It belongs now, Senators, for you to decide what
part you will act in reference to this unprecedented
transaction.-. The Executive has laid the paper
purporting to be the Constitution of California be-
fore you, and asks you to admit her into the Union
as a State; and the question is, will you or will
you not admit her? It is a grave question, and
there rests upon you a heavy responsibility. Much,^
very much will depend upon your decision. If
you admit her, you endorse and give your sanc-
tion to all that has been done. Arc you prepared
to do so? Are you prepared to surrender your
power of legislation for the territories—a power
expressly vested m Congress by the Constitution,
as has been fully established ? Can you, consist-
ently with your oath to support the Constitution,
surrender the power ? Ate you prepared to admit
that the inhabitants of the territories possess the
sovereignty over them, and that any number,
more or less, may claim any extent of territory
they please, may form a constitution and govern-
ment, and erect it into a State, without asking your
permission ? Are you prepared to surrender the
sovereignty of the Uniled States over whatever
territory may be hereafter acquired to the first
adventurers who may rush into it? Are you
prepared to surrender virtually to the Executive
department all the powers which you have here-
tofore exercised over the territories ? If not, how
can you, consistently with your duty and your
oaths to support the Constitution, give your assent
to the admission of California as a State, under a
pretended constitution and government? Again,
can you believe that the project of a constitution
which they have adopted has the least validity t
Can you believe that there is such a State in re-
ality as the State of California ? No; there is no
such State. It has no legal or constitutional ex-
istence. It has no validity, and can have none
without your sanction. How, then, can you admit
it as a State, when, according to the provision of
the Constitution, your power is limited to admit-
ting new States? To be admitted, it must be a
State, an existing State, independent of your sanc-
tion, before you can admit it. When you give
your permission to the inhabitants of a territory
to form a constitution and a State, the constitution
and State they form derive their authority from
the people, and not from you. The State before
admitted is actually a State, and does not become
so by the act of admission, as would be the case
with California, should you admit her contrary to
constitutional provisions and established usage
heretofore.
The Senators on the other side of the chamber
mustpermit me to make a few remaiks in this con-
nection particularly applicable to them, with the
exception of a few Senators from the South, sitting
on that side of the chamber. When the Oregon
question was before this body not two years since,
you took (if I mistake not) universally the ground
that Congress had the sole and absolute power of
legislating for the territories. How then can you
now, after the short interval which has elapsed,
abandon the giound which you took, and thereby
virtually admit that the power of legislating, instead
of being in Congress, is m the inhabilants of the
territories? How can you justify arid sanction by
your voles the acts of the Executive, which are in
iliiect derogation of what you then contended for?
But to approach still nearer to the present ,tnne,
how can you, alter condemning,little more than a
year since, the grounds taken by the paity which
you defeated at the last election, wheel round and
support by your votes the grounds which, as ex-
plained recently on this floor by the candidate of
the party in the last election, are identical with
those on which the Executive has acted in refer-
ence to California? What are we to understand
by all this? Must we conclude that there is no
sincerity, no faith in the acts and declarations of
public men, and that all is mere acting or hollow
profession ? Or are we to conclude that the exclu-
sion of the South from the territory acquired from
Mexico is an object of so paiamount a character
in your estimation that right, justice, constitution,
and consistency must all yield when they stand m
the way of our exclusion?
But, it may be asked,^what is to be done with
California should she not be admitted? 1 answer,
remand her back to the territorial condition, as was
done in the ease of Tennessee, in the early stage
of the Government. Congress, in her case, had
established a territorial government in the usual
form, with a governor, judges, and other officers
appointed by the United States. She was entitled
under the deed of cession to be admitted into the
Union as a State as soon as she had sixty thousand
inhabitants. The territorial government, believ-
ing it had that number, took a census, by which it
appeared it exceeded it. She then formed a con-
stitution, and applied for admission. Congress
refused to admit her, on the ground that the census
should be taken by the United States, and lhat
Congress had not determined whether the territory
should be formed into one or tv,o Slates, as it was
authorized to do under the cession. She returned
quietly to her territorial condition. An act was
passed to take a census by the United States, con-
taining a provision that the territory should form
one State. All afterwards was leguUrly con-
ducted, and the territory admitted as a State in
due form. The lireguluntios m the case of Cali-
fornia are immeasuiably greater, and oiler much
stronger reasons for pursuing the same course.
Out, it may be said, California may not submit.
That is not probable; but if she should not, when
she refuses it will then be time for us to decide
what is to be done.
Having now shown what cannot save the Union,
1 return to the question with which I commenced,
How can the Union be saved? There is but one
way by u nich it can with any certainty; and that
is, by a full and final settlement, on the principle
of justice, of all the questions at issue between the
two sections. The South asks for justice, simple
justice, and less she ought not to take. She has
no compromise to offer out the Constitution, and
no concession or surrender to make. She has
already surrendered so much that she has little
left to surrender. Such a settlement would go to
the root of the evil, and remove all cause of dis-
content, by satisfying the South she could remain
honorably and safely in the Union, and thereby
restore the harmony and fraternal feelings between
the sections which existed anterior to the Mis-
souri agitation. Nothing else can, with any cer-
tainty, finally and forever settle the questions at
issue, terminate agitation, and save the Union.
But can this be done? Yes, easily; not by the
weaker party, for it can of itself do nothing—not
even protect itself—but by the stronger. The
North has only to will it to accomplish it—to do
justice by conceding to the South an equal right
m the acquired territory, and to do her duty by
causing the stipulations relative to fugitive slaves
to be faithfully fulfilled—to cease the agitation of
the slave question, and to provide for the insertion
of a provision in the Constitution, by an amend-
ment, which will restore to the South m substance
the power she possessed of protecting herself, be-
fore the equilibrium between the sections was de-
stroyed by the action of this Government. There
will be no difficulty in devising such a provision—
one that will protect the South, and which at the
same time will improve and strengthen the Gov-
ernment, instead of impairing and weakening it.
But will the North agree to do this? It is for
her to answer this question. But, I will say, she
cannot refuse, if she has half the love of the Union
which she professes to have, or without justly ex-
posing herself to the charge that her love gf power
and aggrandizement is far greater than her love of
the Union. At all events, the responsibility of
saving the tTnion rests on the North, and not the
South. The South cannot save it by any act of
hers, and the Noith may save it without any sac-
rifice whatever, unless to do justice, and to per-
form her duties under the Constitution, should be
regarded by hei as a sacrifice.
It is time, Senators, that there should be an
open and manly avowal on all sides, as to what is
intended to be done. If the question is not now
settled, il is unceitain whether it ever can hereaf-
ter be; and we, as the representatives of the States
of this Union, legarded as governments, should
come to a distinct understanding as to our respec-
tive views, m order to ascertain whether the great
questions at issue can be settled or not. If you,
who repiesent the stronger portion, cannot agree
to settle them on the broad principle of justice and
duty, say so; and let the States we both represent
agree to sepaiate and pait in peace. If you are
unwilling we should part in peace, tell us so, and
we shall know what to do, when you reduce the
question to submission or resistance. Ifyou remain
silent,you will compel us to infer byyouracts what
you intend. In that case, California will become
the test question. If you admit her, under all the
difficulties that oppose her admission, you compel
us to infer that you intend to exclude us from the
whole of the acquired teiritories, with the inten-
tion of destioying irretrievably the equilibrium be-
tween the two sections. We would be blind not
to perceive, in that case, that your real objects are
power and aggrandizement, and infatuated not to
act accordingly.
I have now, Senators, done my duty in ex-
pressing my opinions fully, freely, and candidly,
on this solemn occasion. In doing so, I have
been governed by the motives which have gov-
ernedW in all -the stages of the agitation of the
slavery question since its commencement. I have
exei ted myselt, during the whole period, to arrest
it, with the intention of saving the Union, if it
could be done; and, if it could not, to save the
section where it has pleased Providence to cast my
lot, and which I smceiely believe has justice and
the Constitution on its side. Having faithfully
done my duty to the best of my ability, both to
the Union and my section, throughout this agita-
tion, I shall have the consolation, let what will
| come, that I am free from all responsibility,
j The reading of Mr. Calhoun's views having
: been concluded—
Mr. WALKER rose, but yielded to—
Mi. WEBSTER. 1 hope, sir, that, by rising
at the conclusion of the speech which has just
been read in our hearing, it may not be inferred
that I have any purpose of going into an answer
or reply to that speech. 1 wish, in the first place,
only to say that it gives me very sincere pleasure
to see the honorable member from Carolina able
