4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
to be in his place to-day, and £o take part in these
deliberations} and, sir, there is not a man in the
country who witl feel more satisfaction than my-
self when he shall he so far restored to health as
to participate in these debates in the accustomed
manner. I have had the pleasure of that gentle-
man's acquaintance for thirty years; and my
prayer to-day is, that he will yet have an oppor-
tunity to perform much public service for the ben-
efit of all portions of the country.
But 1 wish to say, sir, that 1 desire as soon as
there may be an opportunity, to say to the Senate
what I propose to say on this question; at the same
time I do not desire to do an act of discourtesy to
other gentlemen, who have manifested a dispo-
sition to speak. There is aft honorable member
over the way, from Maine, who, I believe, has
once or twice given way to others; I believe, also,
the honorable member from Wisconsin, to whose
kindness I owe this opportunity of addressing the
Chair, has, by a sort of assent, the right to be
heard before this debate passes into other hands;
and, while I am willing to yield to their prior
claims, I wish to say that as soon as may be—
perhaps as early as Wednesday or Thursday next
—I shall be very glad to have an opportunity to
address the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I shall have a great deal of
' pleasure at any time in yielding any title that I
may have to the floor to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. The Senator from Maine, I believe, has
the floor for to-morrow on the subject of the Pres-
ident's message accompanying the constitution of
California. I should propose to occupy it on
Wednesday; but, if the Senator from Massachu-
setts has any desire whatever to address the Seriate
on that day, 1 will, while up, if he will give me an
intimation to that effect, move to postpone the
consideration of the resolutions to that day for his
benefit.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am very much obliged to
the honoitible member; but Thursday will suit me
as well.
Mr. WALKER. I will move, then, that the
fuither consideration of the resolutions be post-
poned until Wednesday—prefemritr, however, to
give way to the Senator from Massachusetts if he
desires it.
Mr. SEWARD. I had intended, as is known
to the Seriate, to express, on some suitable occa-
sion, the sentiments which I felt it became me to
express as a representative ot the State of New
York in relation to this subject; and I grave way
on a previous occasion to the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin, on the expression of his wish to
have an early opportunity, on account of his per-
sonal convenience, to address the Senate. 1 feel,
therefore, that the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin has scarcely the right, under the circum-
stances under which he obtained my consent, to
postpone the question to a future day lor himself,
without consideration of the position which i oc-
cupied in regard to it. I suppose, however, sir,
that after this intimation of our respective wishes,
we shall be afforded such an opportunity of dis-
cussing the subject as will be agreeable to our-
selves.
Mr. HALE. I do not know anything of the
arrangements which have been made; though 1 am
always happy to hear any and all of the Senators
on this subject. I wish now, however, to occupy
the attention of the Senate a single moment to say
that I had a desire not to speak on the subject, and
had hoped that the views I entertained on this
question might have found utterance from some-
body who could have expressed them better than
J could myself. But as the Senator from South j
CiT'olma has undertaken tins morning to give the j
his'ory of what he pleases to call the u Abolition ,
excitement'1 in this country, which he character-1
izes as so progressive and so alarming; and inas- :
much as, from the manner in which he has quoted
its history, it sounds m my ear much more like
romance than historical (ruth, I therefore propose i
to give, atas early aday as will suit the convenience \
of the Senate and myself, the views which I enter-
tain, humble as they may be, in regard to 'what is
the truth of history on this point—for it certainly ap-
pears to me it has not been given, as jt really exists,
by the Senator from South Carolina—and to show
that the peril by which we are environed, if peril
there be, did not originate in any northern latitude.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and it was agreed to.
The further consideration of Mr. Clay's reso-
lutions was accordingly postponed until Wednes-
day next.
And* on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 5, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BURT said he believed that the regular
order of business was the calling of committees
for reports. He insisted on the regular business.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business was the consideration of the joint reso-
lution heretofore reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, relative to the use of water-rotted
hemp for the use of the American Navy, and of
the amendment thereto reported by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Gerry,] under instructions from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And the question immediately pending was on
the motion to refer the bill and amendment to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. KAUFMAN demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WHITE desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether the previous question would ex-
tend beyond the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, it will bring the House first to a vote
upon the amendment reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs. Whether that amendment shall
be agreed to or not, the question will recur on the
motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. If the House should re-
fuse to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the question
will then be on its engrossment, under the opera-
tion of the previous question. And the previous
question will not be exhausted until the bill shall
have been ordered to be engiossed.
Mr. WHITE hoped, then, he said, that the
previous question would not be entertained.
Mr. W. was called to order by several gentlemen.
The SPEAKER said, no remarks were in order.
Mr. WHITE was understood to add, that the
Committee on Naval Affairs had, this morning,
directed their chairman to report an amendment.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should be withdrawn, and the motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union should also be withdrawn, the amendment
to which the gentleman refers could then be re-
ported from the committee.
After a brief conversation on a pointof order,
between Mr. Jones and the Spf.akrr—
The question was taken on the demand for the
previous question, and was decided in tne negative
So there was no second.
The question then again recurred on the motion
to lefer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GERRY said he felt constrained, after what
had fallen from the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bowlin] the other day, to make a few remarks in
; reply. All 1 desiie (said Mr. G ) is, that the House
may understand the matter in debate fully; and
whatever be its determination I shall cheerfully ac-
quiesce; and in order to a full understanding of the
matter, and of all of the questions in controversy,
I would refer the members to the printed reports
of the committee now upon their tables. As it
regards the course to be adopted, 1 have only one
interest in common with ail the members of this
body: that the one best calculated to promote the
public interest should be pursued; and if m pro-
| motmg the public interest piivate interests can be
j subserved, I shall certainly not stand m their way.
But 1 hope gentlemen will not be frightened from
their propriety, or from an examination of all the
facts that may help to elucidate the questions, or
' from a just and righteous determination, by the
hue and cry of monopoly set up here by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin.] Why, sir,
one would have suppovsed from the invectives and
denunciations of the gentleman, that one of the
most monster monopolies ever heard of—one of
the most destructive engines of oppression—one of
the most villainous plans, or, in his own language,
one of the vilest monopolies that ever disgraced
a statute book " had been proposed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. And what is this propo-
sition that is denounced with such a vengeance?
Why, sir, it is to instruct the Secretary of the
Navy to carry into execution a contract authorized
and contemplated by the resolution of Congress,
to which allusion has frequently been made in
the course of this debate. It is to instruct the
Secretary to contract with a suitable and res-
ponsible person to supply the Navy Department
with American water-rotted hemp, of a superior
quality, and at a reduced price, for a term of years,
instead of paying a high price for a poor article,
and establishing agencies, and sending out agents
to pick up here and there a little bundle, or to hag-
gle for it as best they may. Now, is there any-
thing so terrible in this business-like proposition—
anything so vile, that it would disgrace our statute
book. I do not see it, 1 do not understand it. But
the gentleman from Missouri says this is a mo-
nopoly. How so? Not a monopoly of the sale
of the hemp grown in the western States. I un-
derstand that the required amount of hemp to sup-
ply the Navy Department is only about one per
cent, of all the hemp grown in the western States.
Again, the gentleman says this contract will con-
flict with the interest of the farmers of the West.
It is very difficult to see how. This contract will
not close the market for them. The same amount
of the raw material will be required, and the de-
mand will not be in any way diminished, and the
market will be still open to them. But suppose it
does conflict incidentally with their interest, is the
Government bound to shape its contracts with
reference to the interest of the few, or with refer-
ence to the whole people? The course the gentle-
man proposes to pursue can only be advantageous
to the few, just in proportion as it is disadvanta-
geous to the many.
But, sir, I am not aware that the hemp interest
demands any protection. I do not understand
that the wants of the country require it. And the
gentleman from Missouri seems to admit that his
object is to get a bounty on hemp, else why the
onslaught of the gentleman upon the fishing in-
terests of the East? He at least had bounties in
his mind, and the gentleman is earnest. The
course indicated by him and the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] the effect of which,
if consumated, is to place a bounty on hemp. If
any interest connected with hemp should be
encouraged by bounties, it is that interest which
has brought the preparation of the water rotted
hemp in America to its present state of perfec-
tion. But no resolution or proposition, emanating
from the committee, looks to bounties or pre-
miums.
Now as to the gentlemare/s [Mr. Bowlw's]
threat, that unless the representatives of the East
allow these resolutions to pass without opposi-
tion or amendment, that ihe fishing interests of
the East will be m danger, I have but a single
remark in reply. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri supposes that the Representatives from
the State of Maine can be deterred from the
pursuit of an honest conclusion upon this or any
other subject, by such considerations, he has en-
tirely mistaken the temper and spirit of the Rep-
resentatives from that State. And if the gentleman
shall find it for his interest, or to lay in the path
of his duty, to assault the interests of my constitu-
ents, I shall endeavor to defend them as best I
may upon their merits, and will nof bi mg into the
debate other interests with which there is no pos-
sible connection.
I regret that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] should have thought it necessary or
proper to have made a party affair upon this ques-
tion. I see no connection that it has with paity;
I hope it will not be so considered. It was not so
considered by the committee, and it has no con-
nection with party whatever. I hope these reso-
lutions will be referred to the Committee of the
Whole. Then all the questions involved m this
matter will be considered together and properly
understood, and 1 have no doubt that such will be
the determination of the House as the facts and
justice demand.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of Col. Bliss, his
Private Secretary.]
Mr. BOWLIN said he regretted the necessity
of again troubling the House upon these resolu-
tions, but that he owed jt alike to himself and to
his constituents to vindicate the one from misin-
