i!
1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
one acquisition, and that the acquisition from Mex-
ico. Now, sir, what is this boundary ? and what
this acquisition ? The boundary is the Rio Grande
to the southern limit of New Mexico, thence to
the Gila river, and to the Pacific. The acquisition
embraces all the teiritory lying between Louisiana
and Arkansas and the Indian territory, on the one
side, and this Mexican boundary on the other. |i
We must recollect that Mexico never recognized ji
the independence of Texas; and when we treated ;
with hei, we treated for Cidiforniaand New Mex-
ico, and Texas from the Louisiana line to the Rio
Grande. The President does not respect the line
of Texas, as defined in her Constitution and rec-
ognized by the resolution of annexation. He kicks
this line out of his way, and has announced his in-
tention to be governed alone by the treaty of Hidal-
go. He says he will resisiTexan authority below
the line ot lorty-two degtees; aye he will resist n
below thirty-six and a half degrees. I know of no
other line. ThePresidentadmits in his message that
he does nntknow where thetrueboundary is. Then
it becomes a matter of interesting inquiry where his
authority is going to stop, if the only boundary i
known to any law ascxisung between the United !
S ates and Texas, is disregarded, and the President
is iesohed to protect all Mexicans living on tern- J
tory ceded to the United Slates by Mexico, and it ,
is Hue, as we have seen, that Texas was as much |
a ccssion, so far as the treaty of Hidalgo is con- j
cerned, as New Mexico and California; and if the
President is going to protect Mexicans against
the authority of Texas m Santa Fe,—I should like
to know how much further down he is going to
extend his piotecting caie. Wilt he go down to i
Austin? Will he punish as far down as Houston? j
May Mexicans expect the shield of his protect- j
ing crire tn Galveston ? is the authority ot Texas j
evety where to fall before the triumphant march of I
thts most valiant hero—this commander-in-chief j
of 'he army and navy of the United Slates? It :
might economize blood, sir, if this conquering I
chief would only deign to fix a boundary—put up ;
a sign-post at the point where he intends to stop j
hai'gmg and chopping off heads.
Mr. Chairman, I have gieat respect for true and
genuine heroism; but! confess myself rather res-
tive iri the presence of the bastard progeny which
this bluveiy agnation has brought forth. When
we were threatened with thuiy-nine western regi-
ments, I giew impatient; when we were threat-
ened wtili i«n thousand Kentuckmns, led on by
tiic ^reat compromiser, I felt stili moie pro\oktd;
but when Millard Fillmore mounts his Pegasus,
and attempts 10 drive over us with the whole, naval
and mihtaiy power ot the nation, I cannot think or
speak w ith p< Uence. When Jackson threatened,
tiitre was dignity in (he thieai. When Taylor
ttueuiei ed, it was not quite contemptible; but for
Millard Fntmore, a rueie come-by-chance—a poor
liule kite, who has fallen by accident into the
eagle's nest—when he attempts to play the hero,
and to Uneaten the South, one scarcely knows
what limit to fix tu contempt and scorn, if these
feelings have a deeper depih in the human suul,
let ti.e upstart iieio, not yet warm in the sear of
accidental honor, know and ftei that he has
rectchui that deeper depth in the heart of every
true and faithful son ot the yet proud and independ-
ent bt/Uih.
What, Mr. Chairman, is the meaning of all this?
Why does the Piesidentdtsr^aid the most solemn
obligations? Why, sir, does he mamlestso much
of impudence to wrest successfully from Texas
that which is so justly her own, and which she never
can surrender without dishonor? And why, sir,
indt pendent of all considerations of justice and
national faith, ase we of the South bound to make
common cause with Texas? Because, sir, you
and i,and every other southern man, know that
the question ot slavery lies at the bottom of all
these movements. That question out of the way,
and the President and his Cabinet, and his friends
on this floor, would not care a single rush whether
Santa Fe was in Texas or New Mexico. That
question out ot the way, and we should have no
disputing about this country. The treaty obliga-
tions between the United States and Texas would
be faithfully maintained and harmony would be
res tor*d m twenty-four hours. Is it not melan-
choly, is it not afdimmg to every true patriot, to
see tuat this whi upon a section, this eternal and
never-ending assaiiment of the South, has not only
warped the judgment of the best and purest men
of the North, but has so far influenced the action
of the President of the United States that he not
only does not execute a treaty for the advantage of
slavery, but in dereliction of the plainest dictates
of duty, absolutely refuses to do so? Can any
man look at this state of things and not see the
frightful end we are approaching? What was the
manifest doty of the President, and m this con-
juncture of our affairs—admitting that he thought,
as i certainly do not, that there was reasonable
grounds of dispute as to the true boundary of
Texas? Was it not, sir, to have occupied the
country peaceably and quietly until the question
was settled—taking no advantage to himself, and
giving none to the other party? I hear a voice
say, That is just what he did. Not so, sir.
i His "predecessor, General Taylor, found a mii-
I itary government there, and he allowed that
j military government to foment disloyalty to Tex-
! as, and to take incipient steps for throwing off the
j authority of Texas. The acting Piesident goes
further, and not only approves this conduct, but
gives us to understand that he means to maintain
it by force of arms. The President knows full
well that if the rebels against Texas throw off her
authoiity and establish an anti-slavery constitu-
tion, a free-soil majority here stand reacly to ad-
mit her into the Union as a State. It is said that
j the President never threatened to use military
power until Texas had first threatened. We all
know, Mr. Chairman, on what state of facts the
movements of Texas have been based. We all
' know that Texas acquiesced in your sending a
, militai y establishment to Santa Fe, under an assu-
rance that it was not to be used against her claim,
or to her prejudice;and we all know that this same
military power in the hands of the President was
used to subvert the authority and trample under
foot the rights of Texas. Thus it was, sir, when
Texas saw herself, by means like these, driven
fiotri her rightful possession, that she first spoke
of force. But even then, sir, she asked respect-
fully what was meant by all these proceedings,
and whether the President approved them; and we
have already seen Jn what spirit that civil inquiry
was responded to Texas would be unfaithful to
her past history if she feared to assert her rights,
or faltered in maintaining them against whatever
i odds.
| in what attitude, Mr. Chairman, does the
j northern Democracy present itself on the question
! of the Texas boundary ? It is within your recol-
! lecuon, that in the memorable political contest of
i844, Texas was inscribed on ail our banners;and
from the loud huzzas that went up continually, 1
thought it was inscribed on all our heaits. Mr.
Van Buren was discarded, and Mr. Clay crippled
in the affections of his friends on account of their
mutual hostility to the project of annexation. Mr.
Polk was nominated and elected on the issue.
The measure was consummated m compliance with
the people's mandate. War en&ued, arid the people
turned out en masse to prosecute it to a successful
termination. The first blood was shed between the
Nueces and the Iiio Grande; and the Democracy
voted on their oaths that it was American blood
shed on American soil. You defended the Presi-
dent through the whole of the war, always main-
taining that the Texas we acquired, was Texas
according the constitution of 183f>; Texas as she
presented herself, and a^. she was accepted under
the resolution of annexation. Now, where are you?
Will you vote to-day as you voted in 1844? Will
you vote to-day as you continued to vote through
the whole of the Mexican war? And if not, why ?
I can understand a northern Whig who votes
against the claim of Texas. He belongs to a
party who was opposed to annexation; opposed
to the war; opposed to the acquisition of additional
territory; opposed to everything that you and i
were for. But how you can oppose this claim,
recognized as it has been in every form, supported
as it has been by you and me through all its va~
; nous forms and phases, i must confess myself at
fault to understand.
There is one other matter to which I must ad-
vert It is become quite too common of late, for
1 certain political censors, in and out of Congress, to
speak of southern men who demand justice for
1 the South, as ultras; and if we persist in our de-
mands, and can neither be bribed or brow-beaten
I into acquiescence wiih northern wrongs, the next
j step is, to whistle us down the winds as disunion-
| ists and traitors. It is not, sir, because I fear the
effects of charges like these on the minds of my
constituents that I now speak. They have known
me for many long years; I have served th^m here
and elsewhere; arid if there is any earthly power
to persuade them Xhat I am a disunionist or -a
traitor to my country, I would scorn to receive
office at their hands. I allude to charges like this,
that I may hold them up to public scorn and repro-
bation. The miserable reptiles who sting the
South while they nestle in her bosom, are the au-
thors of these base calumnies. Sooner or later
they will be spurned as the veriest spaniels who
ever crouched at the footstool of power. I fancy,
sir, that there is perfect harmony of sentiment be-
tween my constituents and myself on the subjects
which now divide the North and the South. We
are southerners and go for the Constitution, and
the Union subordinate to the Constitution. Give
us the Constitution as it was administered from
the day of its formation to 1819, and we are satis-
fied. Up to that time Congress never assumed to
interfere with the relation of master and servant.
It extended over ail, and gave to all equal protec-
tion; give it to us to-day in the same spu it, and we
are satisfied. Less than this we will not accept.
You ask us to love the Constitution, to revere
the Union, and to honor the glorious banner
of Che stars and stripes. Excuse me, gentle-
men; but I must say to you, in all candor, that
the day has gone by when I and my people
can cherish a superstitious reverence for mere
names. Give us a Constitution strong enough to
shield us all in the same degree, and we will love
it. Give us a Union capacious enough to receive
us all as equals, and we will revere it. Give us a
banner that is broad enough to cover us as a nation
of orothers, and we wiil honor it. But if you offer
us a broken constitution—one that can only shield
northern people and northern property—we will
spurn it If you offer us a union so contracted
that only half the Siafes can stand up as equals,
we will reject it; and if you offer us a banner that
covers your people and your property, and leaves
ours to the perils of piracy and plunder, we will
tiample it under our feet. We came into this
Union as equals, and we wiil remain in it as
equals. We demand equal laws and equai jus-
tice. We demand the protection of the Con-
stitution for ourselves, our lives, and our property.
Wherever we may be, we demand that the na-
tional flag, wherever it may wave, on the land or
on the seas, shall give shelter and security to our
property and ourselves. These are our demands:
will you comply with them? You have the
power to grant or refuse them. Grant them*
and our feelings of harmony and brotherhood
will be restored. These evidences of decay that
we witness all around us will vanish, and a strong,
healthy, vigorous natiunal prosperity wiil spring
up. I shall not predict the consequences of your
refusal; they are so plain that a wayfaring man
though a fool" cannot mistake them. They ex-
hibit themselves in a thousand diffeient forms,—m
the divisions of our churches, in the estrangement
of family ties, in jealousies between the North and
the South, m the gradual but certain withdrawal
of all confidence and fellowship between the people
of the two great sections. Where is the patriot
heart that has not throbbed with the deepest anxi-
ety as from day to day the growth and progiess of
these things has become more apparent ? I will not
dwell upon a theme to full of melancholy; but allow
me to add, in conclusion, I sincerely hope your
conduct may not force us in the end to say, we
once were brothers, but you have become our eni-
mies and we are yours. .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor, but yielded to a motion that the committee
rise.
The motion having been agreed to,
The committee rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 8, 1850.
Mr. COOPER. I hold in my hand numerous
memorials from citizens, residents of many of the
counties in Pennsylvania, praying for a modifi-
cation of the existing tariff laws, and containing,
I am informed,over two thousand names. They
set forth that there is great distress prevailing
everywhere throughout the State of Pennsylvania,
especially tmong those engaged in mining coal
