1850.
TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" MM
terpretation and the other against the perpetration
of an outrage upon their interests: It was strange
indeed that a plain, simple proposition, asking no
exclusive privileges, no protection, but simply an
open market, could not be presented to this House
but it had to be rode down by saddling upon it
measures of a most unparalleled character, and
with which there was no more legitimate connec-
tion than there would be with the civil and diplo-
matic bill. The object of oui- resolution was
simply to give the farmer a market for any sur-
plus beyond the obligations of contract, and never
contemplated the slightest interference with the
legal rights of any one; and they protested, as
they had a right to, against its being loaded down
with individual claims for pretended wrongs. Had
there been no improper intermeddling with this
subject, there would have been no kind of neces-
sity for the resolution, which only proposed to
unfetter restrictions upon the trade m the great
staple of several of the States of the West. The
error commenced with Congressional interference
under the pretence of fostering and encouraging
the production of this great staple, whilst, in
reality, they were making war upon it.
What encouragement (said Mr. B.) do you give
the farmer, when you close your market to him,
and open it only to speculators on a great scale >
What inducement has the grower to prepare the
material, when the only market for the particular
product, the Government, is shut upon him, and
he is kindly turned over to the intermediate con-
tractor to take his hemp upon 'such terms as the
stronger can always dictate to the weaker? He
would imagine a case, and as gentlemen were ex-
ceedingly technical about this matter, he would
warn them in advance that it was to be a fancy
sketch; and he only hoped too many of his con-
stituents would not realize it as too true to nature.
A farmer comes in with his ten tons to the a?ent
at St. Louis, who submits it to the test, and certi-
fies its capacity for the naval service. He is then
asked to buy it for the navy, but is informed that
one gentleman or one company alone has the priv-
ilege of supplying that branch of the public ser-
vice by a five contract. He then seeks the only
market left him, the Government pet, and is
there told, that they have plenty to supply the con-
tract without purchasing his hemp, but as he had
no other market, he would takfe it at the highest
dew-rotted price; or if a very superior article,
might give a little more, and give to the farmer just
about one half the price it would be turned over to
the Government for. And this is what gentlemen
termed, by a gross abuse of language, protecting
the farmer. Now, the difference between them
was precisely this: He and those acting with hi'.i
desired the farmer to have the market in the
first instance, and realize the full value of his
produce; whilst others thought it necessary to
the public service, that an intermediate contract-
or should be interposed, who should share the
profits of his labor with him.
Sir, what was this House asked to do by the
gentlemen of the Naval Committee upon this sim-
ple proposition for an open market ? Not to suffer
it to be established, lest it might conflict with a
proposition they had reported, regarding an indi-
vidual claim then in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. And what was that
proposition ? He was at a loss for language to
characterize it. But he would venture to say it
had few parallels in this or any other country.
It was gravely proposed to this House—who,
withoutdisparagemeiuto its intelligence, he thought
knew very little about the subject—to force the
Secretary of the Navy to execute a certain con-
tract, in a specific form, to a particular individual,
giving him a five years' monopoly of this branch
of the hemp trade. It was true that the commit-
tee differed—some for the whole, some for the half;
but the principle of the monopoly was still the
same. And this was to be done under the as-
sumed plea that the Secretary had violated some
legal obligation towards Mr. Billings and his bid.
If"that were true, he would not violate it, how-
ever ruinous it misrht be. But let them look at
that a little, and see how the account stood. And
if Mr. Billings figures in this debate, he was
indebted to his friends for his position.
Now, (said Mr. B.,) let us look a little into the
history of this matter. As soon as it became ap-
parent that the American hemp was to supplant
Russia hemp in the navy, from the high charac-
ter of the article produced, Congress began ib be
beset,—not with the producers,—but the specula-
tors, who for the benefit of the farmers solely, de-
sired to get the contiol of the market. They pro-
cured resolutions to be passed, meddling with the
commerce in this great staple; yet Congress was
cautious enough to pass none, without preserving
a large discretionary latitude to the Navy Depart-
ment, whom it wisely inferred ought to know
something of the wants of the Department. The
resolution under which this bidding took place,
was one of them. The Secretary of the Navy was
not commanded, he was allowed to contract, if, in
his discretion, the service was to be benefited. He
spoke only from recollection, and gave thegeneral
spirit of the resolution. Under that resolution
bids were invited, with an indication that the
amount wanted was five hundred tons—and re-
serving, in the advertisement, his discretionary
power, after the bids were opened, to decide
whether he would contract or not.
Under this resolution bids were sent in. He
should proceed to notice, not with pleasure, but
rather with regret, this particular bid, that was
thrust constantly in their faces to overthrow a
great free-tiade, open-market policy as contempla-
ted in the resolutions. The bid, it was to be ob-
served, was for all that was required—not for any
specific number of tons. In that it was uncertain;
and it' the contract had followed the terms of the
bid, and the Government had bound itself to give
him all required for the service, a month would
probably not have elapsed before the Government
would have been at the mercy of the contractor.
It was almost impossible that it would not have
been compelled to violate such a contract. If a
vessel was driven into port in distress, and had to
procure rigging not made of this hemp, it might
have been claimed as a violation of contract, not
to be set up, however, until it suiied the conveni-
ence of the contractor to avail himself of it. Now
take this in connection with the bid—high for four
years, and very low for the fifth—so as to make a
general average so low as to secure the contract,
and so vague in amount as to be forced ft> keep it
only So long as it was profitable. If he were the
Secretary, he would not execute a contract so un-
certain as to amount, if this House were doubly
to order it. He had rather throw down his com-
mission, and retire with his honor preserved from
such a transaction. It was true the majority re-
port of the committee fix a stipulated number of
tons; so far, so good. But the minority desire to
keep the bid to the letter; and he supposed the
claimant was with the minority. And this was
the bid the Secretary was to be compelled to ex-
ecute.
Mr. GERRY said that by permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, he would explain.
Mr. BOWLIN yielded the floor.
Mr. GERRY proceeded. It was understood,
he said, by the Committee on Naval Affairs, that
the report made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. White] would be entirely satisfactory. The
minority of the committee acquiesced in the con-
clusion of the report, although not agreeing with
the majority to divide the contract. But after it
had been seen in the House that the gentlemen
from Kentucky and elsewhere did not concur in
the report of the majority, then the minority asked
leave to make the report which they introduced.
Mr. BOWLIN said that did not alter the facts
in the slightest degree.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, interposed and
said that it might be inferred from the gentleman's
argument, that the contractor would be liberated—
that was a total misunderstanding of the result.
Mr. B. resuming, said, that that was a matter
of argument, not a statement of facts, but a deduc-
tion from facts which was not the subject of the
gentleman's correction. It was a legitimate infer-
ence from the facts—and one he had a perfect right
to draw.
Mr. B. regretted that Mr. Billings's affairs were
dragged in here. His case was quietly before the
committee, and in due time would have been taken
up, no doubt, and determined by the House. But
that would not do. It must be dragged up from
the tomb of the Capulets, as gentlemen seemed to
regard the Committee on the state of the Union,
to fetter and destroy our measure. And gentle-
men manifested some degree of feeling because we
resisted this method of killing our resolution. He
again repeated to the House, that if nothing more
was sought, than appeared upon the face of things,
he could not understand what prompted th'i^ oppo-
sition. He could understand speculators out of
doors, who Wer6 unwilling to put up with any-
thing short of a perpetual monopoly. They rio
doubt flattered themselves that if they could break
down this first effort at free trade and an open
market, it would'rivet their'system upon the coun-
try ; and they vvould beset Congress for the next
ten years, as they had for the last, with resolu-
tions confirming them in their monopoly." The
friends of the resolution desire to change the sys-
tem—not invalidating existing rights—but to Ifet
the farmer know that at some period the market
would be open to him on fair and equal compe-
tition. If it was only to come at the end of a five
years' monopoly, let him know it was at least then
coming, that he might prepare to profit by it;
that the period of monopoly was to have some
end.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, inquired if the
amount used in the navy was one per cent, upon
the amount produced, then how could it be a mo-
nopoly ?
Mr. B. resuming, said he did not know the
propoition, as to the whole hemp crop, but suppo-
sed it would be small. But the gentleman could
take nothing by this interrogatory, as the general
crop of hemp had nothing lo do with it. It Was
not'water-rotted hemp for the navy. And he
could now tell the gentleman, that according to
his information, the navy uses about two-thirds of
the whole water-rotted hemp of the United States,
and perhaps nearly all that would bear the test
On inspection. He had inquired at head quarters,
and learned from the best lights they had, that
about a thousand tons were the produce, and
seven hundred the probable consumption. Then,
was it no monopoly to give this supply for a series
of years into the hands of one man against the
whole pioducing class? He did not know what
the gentleman considered a monopoly, but he called
it the very perfection of monopoly.
But gentlemen were constantly ringing in their
ears the assertion that the contractor produced
the best quality. Admit that, he did not know,
perhaps he did; and if so, be needed no monopoly
to secure a market. The market by our resolu-
tion would be literally at his door, and if he beat
our producers m a finer article, he secured the
market without wrong to any one; and with his
boasted article he need not fear a competition with
our farmers. The agent was at St. Louis now,
ready to purchase when you shall have given him
the order. Their plan shuts out no one—it was
a free open market, and he who produced the
best article nt a proper price controlled it. That
was the law of unfettered trade, and it waS the
reestablishment of that principle they were con-
tending for. They wanted to get rid of the old
contract system, and open a market where there
could be no favoritism.
Mr. STANTON, interrupting, inquired if the
Secretary was operated upon by the monopolists ?
Mr. B., resuming, said, he made no charges.
Indeed, he ralher felt grateful to the Secretary for
his propipt action in checking a great monopoly
of the whole market, and protecting the rights of
those who were at home producing the article.
Mr. STANTON, interrupting, said he under-
stood there was no hemp raised in the district
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. B.]
Mr. B. resuming said, that the gentleman, by
his understanding, had fallen into a most egre-
gious error. His was perhaps the smallest hemp
growing district in the State—he believed it was—
and he was inclined to think the district of his
colleague, [Mr. Hall,] was Ihe largest. And he
would now be glad if the gentleman would inform
him wnere he obtained his information on the
subject.
Mr. STANTON, in reply, referred to Mr.
Green. ,,
Mr. B., resuming, said, he was prepared for some-
thing of this kind, because his was the smallest
hemp £TO\vin°* district in the State, and he was
glad it afforded him an opportunity of repelling
the uniust inference to be drawn from that fact.
His opportunities of knowing the operations of
these things, were infinitely better than if he lived
surrounded with hemp growers. He resided at
the seat of the trade—in the very market—where
the farmer first made the discovery of the effect
of fettered systems, upon the price of his pro-
