458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
duct. He was situated where it came directly
under his observation.
Mr. GREEN (Mr. B. yielding) inquired what
amount of water-rotted hemp was brought to the
agency? And what amount was refused being
purchased ?
Mr. B., resuming, said, he did not pretend to
have the precise statistics, but he could gratify his
colleague by informing him he had written for
them,"and he hoped would be able to submit them
to him shortly, in every particular in detail.
Mr. HALL made some remarks not heard—but
declared himself for the open market system.
Mr. B. A word or two, now,as to the attack, this
morning, of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Ger-
ry.] He had alluded, the other day, to the rather
remarkable circumstance of all the opposition that
far having came from gentlemen not directly con-
nected with the hemp interest. It was a little cu-
rious, and he could not help noticing it, but he
hoped in no offensive sense. It was intended to
arouse the attention of those gentlemen 10 the
fact, that in attempting to settle and adjust .the
hemp interests of the West, with which they could
not be very familiar, that they might do mischief.
And he was certainly not a little surprised at the
outbreak of patriotism displayed in the reply this
morning. The gentleman talked about threats,
and making war upon their peculiar interest; he
was not aware that he had indulged in threats, and
had certainly manifested no disposition to make
war upon bounties and drawbacks.
Mr. GERRY, (interposing.) The gentleman
entirely misapprehends me. I made the remark
that if the gentleman supposed that the Represent-
atives from the State of Maine were of so craven
a character, that they would be deterred from
supporting a proposition which they believed to
be just and proper, from fear that an assault might
be made upon other interests affecting more im-
mediately their own constituents, he bad entirely
mistaken the spirit and temper of those Represent-
atives.
Mr. BOWLIN, resuming, said, he thought he
was plain enough. He bad made no attack upon
the gentleman, noi the peculiar interests of his
section, unless inviting the attention of the House
to the facts might be so considered.
But he invited the attention of the House again
to the resolutions, and urged upon them not [o
commit them—that to do so under the present
state of the case was a virtual rejection. Such he
regarded as the inevitable effect of a committal,
and hoped the House would not commit, but dis-
pose of them nt once, and let them know what
they had to expect.
After a few words from Messrs. MARSHALL
and MOREHEAD—
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, remarking that he
thought the House had heard enough of this sub-
ject, moved the pievious question.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, desired Mr. C.
to withdraw the motion, to enable him (Mr. S.)
to offer an amendment.
Mr. GREEN made the. same request, to which
Mr. Cobb assented, when—
Mr. GREEN, after a few words of explanation,
withdrew the motion to refer to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and offered the
following amendment (being that indicated by Mr.
Stanton) to the amendment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs;
Jhul be itfurther resolved, Tliat tlie Secretary of the Navy
lie riir ct< (I to enter into contract Willi George W. Billing
lot timuj-lmig 300 ton;, of Amuican water-rutted hemp per
anniun, tor a period ot five yeais. according to the terms
and conditions of the 1ml made by the said Billings under
the recent advertisement of the Navy Department for the
plirehfi-p of such hemp.
Mr. CARTER said he would like to be a party
to this bargain, (i e.) the conditional withdrawal
of the previous question.
Mr. COBB further waived his motion in favor
of—
xWr. CARTER, who inquired of the Speaker
whether it would be in Older to offer an amend-
ment to that branch of the resolution which re-
lated to the purchase of hemp in open market3
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order,
because an amendment to an amendment was
pending.
Mr. CARTER'S amendment, by consent, was
read for information, as follows:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the IVavy, in the pur-
chase of said hemp, shaii in no instance pay to the person
from whom the purchase shall be made, more than the aver-
age price, per ton, to be paid under the bid of Mr. Billings."
Mr. HALL desired Mr. Cobb further to waive
his motion.
The SPEAKER said that this mode of proceed-
ing was entirely irregular. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] bad not the right to yield
the floor in this way, first to one and then to
another. If the gentleman from Alabama yielded
the floor, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall]
would be entitled to it.
Mr. COBB withdrew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCHENCK expressed some doubt whether
the subject was well understood by the House.
He did not know that he exactly understood the
situaton of the question himself. He believed
that Mr. Billings was one of those who had be-
come bidders for the contract to supply the Gov-
ernment with American water-rotted hemp. For
some reasons which had not been very satisfac-
torily presented, the offer of Mr. Billings was re-
jected. And thus it remained until the month of
August. On looking into the matter, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs had unanimously thought
that the contract ought to be awarded to Mr. Bil-
lings, and had reported a resolution directing that
it should be so awarded.
Mr. BOCOCK (Mr. Schenck yielding the floor
for an explanation) said the gentleman from Ohio
had made a mistake when he said there was una-
nimity of opinion in the Naval Committee that Mr.
Billings had any legal claim to this contract. He
(Mr. B.) did not believe that Billings had any
legal claim; but he had thought that the interests
ot the service and of the country would be bene-
fited by giving the contract to him.
Mr. SCHENCK replied that he had not used
the phrase "legal claim." But he had agreed
with his colleagues on the Naval Committee, that
provision ought to be made for the continuance of
the contract with Billings; and the report of the
committee was to that effect. That report was,
on motion, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, was considered by that
committee, and reported back to the House. In
the mean time, a resolution looking to the encour-
agement of the western hemp grower, was intro-
duced by the gentleman from Kentucky. The
Committee of the Whole had, on the same day,
he believed, repoited back the original resolution
with a single amendment, and that amendment
was properly the only subject now under discus-
sion. The committee reported back the resolu-
tion with an amendment, requesting that the test
should be raised from 4,200 to 4,400 pounds.
Now it must be obvious that the committee had
some reason for adopting this amendment. Now,
what was this reason ?
If gentlemen could be prevailed on to look into
the matter, and to see in what quantities and in
what mode the hemp had been formerly supplied
for the public service, in small amounts, and from
time to time, and would call to mind the great
improvements which had been gradually intro-
duced ill the preparation of the article for use, they
would become satisfied that the standard of the
test might be raised with advantage to the public
interest, and that owing to the perfection to which
it had been brought by machinery and skill, a
rope of one inch and three-quarters would now
sustain a weight of 4,400 pounds.
Mr. SCHENCK here referred to some docu-
ments before him, to show what was the compar-
ative strength of the foreign and the American
hemp; and argued, that if we had made such im-
provements in the manufacture and preparation of
11 the article as to enable it to bear an additional test
j, of fifty, or one hundred, or two hundred pounds,
|| it was very important that we should raise the
j' test, so as to have in the public service the strong-
|j est possible cordage.
j Mr. MOREHEAD made a remark here, (Mr.
]' Sciienck yielding the floor,) which was not
audible.
J; Mr. SCHENCK resumed, stating that there
j was a disposition on the part of those who had
|] the interests of the naval service committted to
iJ them, to keep up, as far as possible with the
'I spirit of the age, with the progressive improve-
: ments in the article. And the importance of this
i; policy would be evident to all, when it is reflected
;j that the lives of hundreds of thousands of human
i! beings are frequently risked on the strength of a
single rope. It was an imperative duty to take
care that this rope should be made as strong as
Mr. BOWLIN asked a question, which was not
audible.
Mr. SCHENCK replied in the negative. The
committee had, through the Navy Department,
obtained the facts which had led- them to the con-
clusion that the standard ought to be raised.
Mr S. here referred to the reports from the de-
partments for the facts in detail to which he re-
ferred.
From these documents he presented to the
House the various tests which had been applied
by the department, and the results of the experi-
ments. The power of the rope had always gone
above the test here designated. It had been de-
monstrated that by the improvements in machinery
and the greater skill in the preparation of the article
for the use of the Government, we were now en-
abled to produce a better article than we could
obtain from abroad antecedent to, as well as sub-
quent to 1841; we had been gradually progressing
in the preparation of hemp until in our advancing
skill and experience, and in our republican prog-
ress, we have outstripped the foreign article. On
this account he thought, and the committee thought,
that the standard had been fixed too low, and that
even by raising it to 4,600 pounds we should still
be able successfully to compete with the imported
hemp.
Mr. S. here referred to a report from the depart-
ment on the subject of water-rotted hemp; and
stated that herein would be found sufficient to ac-
count for this point in the debate on the amend-
ment. It was evident that 4,400 pounds is a test
below which we are not justified ingoing. It is
true that by looking at different States, we shall
find that this test may exceed in some cases, that
which is their standard. It is above the standard
in Illinois and Kentucky, and all the debate which
had sprung up and raged so fiercely originated in
this innocent effort to raise the test to its proper
standard. Yet no one could entertain a doubt as
to the facts on which this change is proposed. It
is grounded on tests made for the purpose of as-
certaining how high a standard may be safely
adopted.
It had been objected that we ought to have no-
thing to do with Billings, who had been constantly
dragged in by gentlemen at every stage of the dis-
cussion. If the resolution submitted by the gentle-
man from Kentucky had been referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, as
the resolution reported by the Naval Committee in
relation to the Billings contract was, the whole-
subject would have been taken up and considered
at the same time. But in consequence of the action
of the Committee of the Whole on the Billinga
contract, opposition had been made to the raising of
the standard, and to the reference of this resolution
of the gentleman from Kentucky to that commit-
tee. These objections have been interposed to
cut us off from the opportunity of examining the
whole subject at once, and satisfying ourselves
whether the contracts have been properly made.
This appeared to be their object.
Now, if we defeat this amendment and prevent
the test from being raised, what must be the effect?
It will be to throw back the Government upon the
inferior qualities of hemp, while it would enable
the growers in Kentucky and Illinois to get rid of
hemp which could not be otherwise disposed of,
by selling it to the department. And when your
policy is thus fixed, and you permit the farmer to
bring in his ton of hemp at a time, instead of hav-
ing a regular supply secured by contract, we are
j told that we shall help put down a monopoly!
I This word " monopoly '' was constantly evoked,
j as if to conjure up aspirit to fright us from our pro-
| priety. What is this " monopoly" which is such
j a bugbear to some ?
Some time ago, when it became evident that we
| could procure at home a better quality of hemp
I than we could import, a provision by law was en-
, acted authorizing contracts to be made to run
| through a period of five years, from year to year,
! in order to secure a regular and sufficient supply.
The same course is pursued in obtaining supplies
of butter, cheese, and other necessaries for the ser-
vice of the navy; because in the absence of such
! contracts, if these articles were to be annually col-
i lected here and there, how could there be any uni-
i formity in color, or taste, or quality? And espe-
