1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 9,
service of the Post Office Department during the
focal year ending June 30, 1851, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The bill from the House of Representatives No.
250, being the bill to create the office of surveyor
general of the public lands in Oregon, and to pro-
vide for the survey and to make donations to set-
tiers of said public lands, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
At half-past 11 o'clock the Senate resumed the
consideration of the special order, being the bill
proposing to the State of Texas the establishment
of her northern and western boundaries, the relin-
quishment by the said State of all the territory
claimed by her exterior to said boundaries, and of
all her claims upon the United States.
Th£ pending question was oh the amendment
offered yesterday by Mr. Winthrop, to strike out
all of the first article from the word " commence,"
and to substitute the following in lieu thereof:
" At the point in the middle of the deepest channel m the
Rio Grande del None, where the snme is crossed by the
102d dcsree of longitude west from the meridian of Green-
wich ; thence north, along that longitude,to the 34th degree
of- north latitude; thence tatiwaidly to ihe point at which
the 100th degree of west longitude erodes the Red river."
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The special order has
been called for.
Mr. BENTON. The business of the morning
hour then is cut off, sir?
The PRESIDENT. It is, sir.
Mr. WiNTHROP said that he had no inten-
tion to detain the Senate. He had not had on
opportunity of examining the question of bound-
ary. He preferred the line proposed yesterday
by the Senator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] and
■would have been glad if it were adopted. He
would be glad if the line proposed by the com-
promise hill had been agreed upon. But still more
would he have preferred the line laid down by the
convention of New Mexico. He would • rejoice
if this line Were adopted. He agreed with nearly
all that was contained in the late message of the
President of the United States on this subject. He
agreed with the President that the constitution
adopted by the convention of New Mexico was
nothing moie than a nullity; but he hoped that it
was not such a nullity but it might be made a per-
fect and recognized document. He would be glad
to have her admitted as a State.
He objected to the remuneration proposed to be
paid to Texas, because he considered it enormous.
He alluded to the cost of the whole acquired terri-
tory, fifteen millions, and said that now ten millions
was proposed to be paid for a part only of it. He
pointed out the costs of the war, the price of peace,
and the present proposition, all as resulting from
the annexation of Texas.
He then said that, upon examination, he discov-
ered the line proposed by the bill was not so ob-
jectionable as he had thought; and as the amend-
ment of the Senator from Olno had been rejected
yesterday, and there being no probability of any
other line meeting with favor, he withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strikeout the
boundaries proposed by the bill, and insert in lieu
thereof the following, being those reported by the
compromise committee:
"On the Rio Del Norte, commonly called 351 Paso, and
running up that river twenty miles, measured by a straight
line thereon, and thence eastwardly to a point where the
100th degiee of west longitude crosses Ited tiver, being the
southwest angle in the line designated between the United
States and Mexico, and the same an^le in the line of the
territory set apart for the Indians by the United States."
Mr. U. asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLEMENS replied to the remarks of Mr.
Winthrop in relation to the annexation of Texas.
ELKCTKO-MAGNETIC POWER.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Chair and said :
The morning business having been cutoff for sev-
eral days by the early taking up of the special
order, he had been prevented from making a
communication to the Senate on a subject which
belonged to that class of business, and was im-
portant to be made, and was only for information,
and might answer as well in the published debates,
where those could read it who pleased; he would
' now consider it as made, and would draw up what
he had to say, and deliver it to the reporters, to be
ingrafted on the address to the Chair—on the words,
"Mr. President." Mr. B. then sat down, and
wrote out for the reporters, as follows:
Mr. President: The Senate will recollect that at
the last session of Congress I presented a memorial
from Dr. Charles G. Page, setting forth " that he
had discovered a mode of applying electro-mag-
netic power to the purposes of navigation and lo-
comotion, and as a general substitute for the dan-
gerous agency ofsteam,"and that an appropriation
of twenty thousand dollars had been made to
enable him to test his discovery by practical ex-
periments. These experiments have been made,
and Dr. Page deems it his duty to communicate
these results to Congress and the country, and to
do it in a manner more satisfactory than by a
mere written report to Congress. For this pur-
pose he proposes to exhibit the result of his ex-
periments, and illustrate them by remarks and
explanation; and, as the most suitable place, and
at a time most convenient to the members of Con-
gress, officers of the Government, and the citizens,
will exhibit his experiments at the Smithsonian
Institute, in this city, to-morrow evening, Satur-
day, commencing at a quarter before six o'clock.
The practical question which has occupied Dr.
Page is the question of cost—moneyed cost—of
producing this power. Its capacity and applica-
bility had been previously established—its capacity
unlimited—its applicability convenient and safe.
But the great question of cost remained, and that
has been deemed too great to admit of its use in
the business operations of the countiy. In Eu-
rope the cost has been held to be fifty times greater-
than the cost of producing steam. Dr. Page, in a
written communication, now in my hands, says
that he produces this power at a less cost than
steam power can be produced. His words are:
" With tlie same size of battery, and much less cost, I am
enabled now to exert a loree of six hundred pounds where,
little more than a year ago, I obtained a force of only fifty
pounds. With a consumption of two and a half pounds of
zinc, I now produce one horse power for twenty-four
houts. This is nearly as cheap as the cheapest steam en-
gine in the world, and much cheaper than steam under some
conditions."
Supposing Dr. Page to be right in this state-
ment of the present cost of producing the electro-
magnetic power, the hitherto insuperable objection
to its use as a propelling power is entirely obvi-
ated, and the cost actually converted into a con-
sideration in its favor. It is now cheaper, and
must become more so when the demand for zinc
shall occasion that to be brought into market which
is now thrown away, as a refuse of lead ore, in
the vast lead mines of Missouri and the Upper
Mississippi. Dr. Page now gives eight cents a
pound for the zinc which he uses: when a large
demand is created for it, it may be furnished for
much less, and at the same time open a market
for an article now thrown away.
So much for comparative cost—the electro-mag-
netic power becoming an economy—a moneyed
economy—in its production. But how many econ-
omies will follow from its use? Dr. Page enu-
merates them, putting at their head, and justly,
the economy of human life, now so deplorably
wasted by the dangers incident to the useof steam.
All danger from explosion, and the main cause of
danger from conflagration, will be avoided a
consummation devoutly to be wished by every
human being. Other economies are thus stated.
In navigation—saving room in the vessel, the
engine and battery requiring but little space,
and the fuel very compact compared to coal—
doing away with chimneys, smoke-stacks, and
their cumbrous fixtures—instantaneous commu-
mcability of the full power, so important in chang-
ing course and avoiding collision—capacity to run
a blockade, making no noise and showing no light,
except at pleasure—simplicity in the construction
of vessels—diminution of insnrance from absence
of danger from explosions and conflagrations, and
less danger from collisions. In land carriaoe 
no stoppages to take in wood or water, and saving
the expense of all ^R-uctures and attendance for
such purposes, one charge of the battery bein°-
sufficient for twenty-four hours, or more—no dan"
ger to cars or property from fires—diminution of
insurance from absence of danger from fire com-
fort to passengers in freedom from smoke, sparks,
and ashes—-safe entrance into towns and cities
from the absence of all the annoyances and dan-
gers which result from the use of steam. Such
are some of the economies claimed by Dr. Page,
of which, one alone, that of human life, would
give an immeasurable preponderance to this power
over that of steam, if the cost of its production
should be made near equal, much more if it should
be made cheaper than steam, as Dr. Page avers it
can be. All these points will be illustrated to-
morrow evening, when Dr. Page will run a circu-
lar saw, driven by an electro-magnetic battery of
five-horse power, and will exemplify in practical
experiment all the advantages and capabilities
which he has claimed for this new power.
Mr. President, 1 take some pride in making this
communication to the Senate. I took the risk of
moving in the matter at the last session, and pro-
curing the appropriation of $20,000 to enable Dr.
Page to go on with his experiments. I took the
risk—the risk of the ridicule which attends great
projects ending in failure. The projector and his
backers receive pitiless ridicule under such circum-
stances. As a backer of Dr. Page, I have taken
the risk of this ridicule, and mean to take it still
deeper. I mean to move another appropriation
for Dr. Page—one that will enable him to make
an experiment on a scale commensurate to the
grandeur of the enterprise, the stake which the
human race has in its success, and the wealth and
power of the United States, to whom its first ad-
vantages and entire glory is to redound, if success-
ful. I shall move an appropriation to work a ship
of war or a merchant vessel by this new power,
and deem the deoi'sion of the question worth all
the money to be expended, and all the risk of the
ridicule to be incurred. If successful, it will be
an advance upon the use of steam power equal to
the advance of that power over sails, oars, and
wheels.
THE TEXAN BOUNDARY.
The yeas and nays were then taken on Mr. Un-
derwood's amendment, and were as follow:
YEAS—Messr?. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Chase,
Claike, Cooper, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Ewing, Fetch, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, iVoiris, Phelps, Seward, Shield?, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Whitcomb,
and Wmthrop—24.
NAYS—Messrs Atclnsoii, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ben-
lon. Bernen, Butler, <'ass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi^
Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa', Foote, Houston, Hun-
ter, King, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Kusk, Sebastian, Sou!4,
Sturgeon, and Turney—2o.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MANGUM rose, before the vote was an-
nounced, and stated that he had not voted, having
made an arrangement with the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Datiton] to pair off, on that Senator^
absence.
Mr. MASON moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the following:
"That by the joint resolution approved March 1,1845,
for annexing Texas to the United Slaies, it being ordained
that 'the territory properly included within and rightfully
belonging to the Republic ot Texas' might be erected into
a new State and admitted into tlie Union, it is the opnnou
and judgment of Congress; that the admission of Texas into
il e Union, with the boundaries prescribed by the laws'
thereof, not objected toby the United States at the time of
ciich annexation, is conclusive as against the United {States
of the right of Texas to all territory included within such
boundanes.
"2. Be it resolved^ That wtien in a state of war, and ia
the absence of actual State authority anywhere without the
hunts of a State, military possession is taken by the United
Stat's of such part of tlie territory of a State, such posses-
sion can rightfully be considered as taken and he id only m
subordination to the authority of such State, to be surrtn-
deied forthwith on the demand ol ?uch State when tlie war
is ended.
3. Jlnd be it further resohed, That it is the duty of the
United States forthwith to;-urrender to the constituted au-
thorities ot the State of Texas all and any terntory within
the hunts ot thai Slate, as tht same are prescribed by the
laws thereof, which may have been temporarily in the mili-
tary occupation of the United States during the late war
with Mexico."
A debafe occurred on this amendment in which
Messrs. FOOTE, MASON, BERRIEN, DAVIS
of Mississippi, and BUTLER, took part, (and
which, with the whole debate on the bill will be
published in the Appendix )
The question was then taken on Mr. Mason's
motion to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert a substitute, and the result was as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ak-h:«on, Jlnrnwell, Butler, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Hou-ton, Hunter, King, Mason, Mor-
ton, Rusk, Soul4, Turney, and Ynlee—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Ber-
rien, Btadbury, Bright, oass, Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dickin&on, Dodge ot Wiscon&in.
Dodge of Iowa, Dou«las, Ewmg, Felch, Foote, Greene-
Hale, Hamhn, Mangum, Norus, l'earce, Phelp<, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stuigeon, Underwood, Upham,
Wales, Walker, and Winthrop-^37.
