1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
The motion to receive these several petitions
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition of citizens
of Bureau county, Illinois, in favor of a reduction
of the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Iowa and
Illinois, asking the improvement of the navigation
of the Upper Mississippi river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Oneida county, New York, in favor of a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Farmington, Connecticut, asking the adop-
tion of measures for the settlement of international
controversies; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr.^WALKER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
post route from West Bend to Sheboygan Falls,
in that State; which was referied to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial from mer-
chants of the city of New Orleans, in the State of
Louisiana, asking the establishment of a line of
mail packets from New Orleans to Vera Cruz and
Tampico, in Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of the widow and heirs of
Fulwar Skipwith, deceased, a&king indemnity for
losses sustained, and compensation for services
rendered, while employed as public agent by the
Government; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PEAR.CE,
Ordered^ That thf* petition of Ers-kine Sc. "EichfllPt, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
WOODWORTH'S PATENT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Iam request-
ed to present the petition of Sidney Spaulding and
five hundred and seventy-eight others, citizens of
Lowefl, Massachusetts, remonstrating against the
renewal of a patent for a planing machine, the in-
vention of William W. Woodworth; and I will
state, sir  
Mr. DAWSON, (in his seat.) The application
has already been rejected by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, i am very glad to hear that it
has already been killed in committee; but, as the
petitioners have entrusted me with the petition, I
will state the facts connected with the case. Let-
ters patent were granted for this invention on the
4th of December, 1828, for fourteen years. In
November, 1842, these letters patent were ex-
tended by the Commissioner of Patents for seven
years more. In February, 1845, while this last
renewal h&d something like five years to run, they
applied to Congress for a further renewal of the
patent; and, by an act of Congress, a renewal of
the patent was granted, which expired in 1849,
extending it for seven years, making twenty-eight
years in all. The petitioners represent that this
last renewal commenced its term on the 4th of De-
cember, 1849, and that the parties have come here
now for a still further renewal to a period coinci-
dent with the commencement of the patent, while
it has nearly seven years still to run. It is aga nst
this renewal, anticipating time for nearly seven
years, that the petitioners remonstrate, and re-
monstrate, I think, with great propriety. Take
the facts that are known at the time the patent ex-
pires, and they will show whether or not the par-
ties are entitled to a renewal.
But they represent, further, that this is a mo-
nopoly of very great value, and that the probable
motive that brings the parties here is the very
great revenue that is derived from it. They-donot
state the fact; but I have heard it stated in the com-
munity, that when the renewal forseven years was
granted in 1845—Woodworth being then dead—
his heir sold out his interest in the patent for the
sum of fifty thousand dollars. I do not vouch for
the correctness of the fact, but this is the common
rumor among the community. The petitioners
represent their belief that if Congress had known
at the time of the lenewal in 1845, all the facts that
belong to the history of this case, the act would
not have been passed. I ask you, sir, that with-
out reading this petition, together with another that
I hold in my hand, it may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
They .were so referred.
Mr, DOWNS. L have a memorial of precisely
the same nature—a memorial making the same
opposition to the same patent, from certain per-
sons in New Orleans, asking that the act of July
8, 1845, renewing the patent of William Wood-
worth, may be so amended as to protect the rights
of persons who owned machines under that patent
prior to its renewal under said act, and I would
like it to have the same reference.
Mr. DAWSON. I take this occasion to state,
as one of the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, that this patent of Woodworth was re-
newed in 1845, to commence running on the fourth
of December, 1849, and to continue for seven
years from that date. At the opening of this ses-
sion of Congress in December, an application was
made at the very time when the last lenewal was
to commence to run, to renew the patent again
after 1856, and that application was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office;
and according to the proof before the committee,
the renewal for seven years, which commenced
running on the fourth day of last December, had
been sold for one hundied thousand instead of
fifty thousand dollars. Now they are endeavor-
ing here, through their counsel on thisfloor and in
other places, to renew the patent again, com-
mencing in 1856, to run for seven years more,
when it is known the patent for seven years will
be worth one hundred thousand dollars according
to the proof that is now before the committee. I
make these observations to show how the Con-
gress of the United States has been made a mere
instrument, in the hands of speculators and de-
signing men, to cieate a monopoly to be sold in
order to levy a tax upon the country. In 1845
the Congress of the United States passed a law to
renew a patent to commence running m 1849, four
years afterwaids, which was sold for one hundied
thousand dollars, and now before that renewal
commenced, an application is made to renew it
again. This thing has all been exposed before
the Committee on Patents, and they had intended
at the proper time to show how the Government
has been imposed upon, and I am glad to see
every section of the Union so awake upon the
subject—Boston, Nesv Orleans and Wilmington—
and I hope it will be so in every place where the
interests of the public, in relation to these patents,
ought to be regarded.
Mr. SEWARD. A remark that has fallen from
the honorable Senator from Georgia, renders it
proper that I should say a word in explanation,
in regard to myself, though I am sure the honora-
ble gentleman was not aware of the misapprehen-
sion to which his remark was liable, and against
which I propose to guard myself. The honorable
Senator says that an application is made to Con-
gress to renew the patent by the counsel of the
patentee upon the floor of the Senate and else-
where. i presume the Senator intended no refer-
ence to me personally by that remark.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir. I do the Senator
from New York the credit to say, that he is the
counsel out of the House to whom I alluded;
there is another counsel in attendance before the
committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I supposed so. It is as well,
however, that an explanation should be made;
and I am glad that this opportunity of making it
has arrived. The histoiy of the Woodworth
patent is one which it is not my purpose to give,
but 1 desire simply to state my own iclation to it,
in order to guard against an erroneous impression
that might otherwise be entertained, in 1846,
when I was in private life and engaged in profes-
sional pursuits, I was retained as counsd for the
assignees of this patent; it was then nearly value-
less, because chiefly of litigation in these%eral
courts of the United States, which rendered it
impossible for the patentee or his assignees to de-
rive from it the reward which it was intended to
confer on the discoverer. The result of the liti-
gation in the year 1846, in the Supreme Court of
the United States, was the settlement of certain
questions in regard to it, by reason of which, after
the patent had been amended, it might be sus-
tained in the courts. The patent was amended,
and inasmuch as the patentee had lost the benefit
of the patent for the first term, an extension of it
was granted by the Commissioner of Patents
under the authority of the Board of Commission-
ers,whose business it was to examine infto the
subject. The patent thus amended and ren^wed^
went into successful operation, so far-as the re-
wards of the assignees were concerned, about the
year 1847, and has been a source of emolument to
them since that time. During that period, and up
to the time of my arrival here, and while here, 1
have been the personal counsel of the assignees.
When it was proposed to me that I should be.as-
signed places on the committees of this house, the
persons who had the subject in charge on the
side of the house to which I belong, proposed to
place me on the Committee on Patents, as one of
the committes to which fwas to be assigned.
I declined to take the place; and, inasmuch as
any aeration in the committees would disturb
the whole arrangement contemplated, I begged of
my friends to be excused from serving on any
committee; and I was accordingly excused by
them from serving on any committee in this
house. I preferred this request, because I was
not willing to bring professional or private inter-
ests into any kind of competition with my public
duties; I therefore desired to avoid being upon
any committee where my conduct might be subject
to misapprehension. I have seen n stated else-
wheie—and I refer to it now for the purpose of
correcting all misapprehension on the subject—
that I had a partneiship, ownership, or interest in
this patent, which 1 have not. I desire to state
distinctly here, in order to correct all misappre-
hension elsewhere, that I have not now, never
had, and never expect that 1 will have,an interest
in any patent whatever; and, so far as regards
any action here in reference to the subject, 1 have
presented no petition, 1 have addressed no mem-
ber of this house or the other, and 1 never shall
piesent a petition, or address any member—t
never shall take any action or give any vote in
relation to matteis about which I have ever be-
fore been professionally concerned. Upon ques-
tions arising in this body, my views and opinions,
1 hope, will be entirely disconnected from per-
sonal interest. It is due to myself that the Senate
should understand that the counsel referred to by
the Senator from Georgia are other than myself,
over whom I have no control, and with whom I
have no connection. I have some cases before the
Supreme Court of the United States under re-
tainers earlier than my election to this place,
which I would be glad to resign with all the not-
inconsiderable-emoluments attending them, solely
that I might be always entirely unembarrassed in
my legislative relations.
Mr. DAWSON. The fact to which f called
the attention of the Senate is this: that^ie patent
commenced running from the 4th of December
last, under a renewal to continue for seven years,
and that application was made to this body in De-
cember to revive the patent—to grant a further re-
newal to commenceafter the expiration of the seven
years, which will be in 1856. When I referred to
the fact of counsel connected with this case, I le-
ferred particularly to the gentleman who appeared
before the committee to force this thing through,
aiming to create a monopoly for another period of
seven years, without waiting for the expiration of
the term of renewal already granted; because every
renewal of the patent for seven years, is equivalent
to giving to the patentee fifty or a hundred thou-
sand dollars, and by our action we are thus crea-
ting a capital in favor of the patentee to that
amount. I merely took the occasion to say that
the committee had this matterunder consideration,
and are well acquainted with all of the facts.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply to give notice that
the motion which I had the honor of introducing
on last Monday  for raising a committee of thirteen,
1 intend to press very earnestly after the close of
the address which we have been promised by the
Senator from Massachusetts on Thursday next.
I have been willing to defer action thus long, be-
cause it seemed to be very much desired by cer-
tain honorable Senators with whom it was my
wish to act, and I sincerely hope that, by the time
specified, Senators will be fully prepared to c< op-
erate with me in the organization of the committee
reierred to. Whilst in the occupancy of the floor,
and in connection with this subject, 1 beg leave to
