1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
utter falsity of the claim of Texas to the Rio
Grande? And Silas Wright also, who was in the
Senate at that time, and who voted against that
treaty, what did he say upon the subject? In a
letter to his constituents shortly after the rejection
of that treaty, he said;
" I fell it iny duty to vote a«ainst tlie ratification of the
treaty (or the annexation. I believed that the treaty, from
the boiirulin ies that muat be implied from it, embraced a
country to which Texan had no claim, over which she had
never asserted jurisdiction, and which she had no right to
cede." " U appeared to me then (he continued,) if Mex-
ico should tell us, < We don't know you—we have no
treaty to make wrh you,'—and we were left to take posses-
sion by forr e, we must take the country as Texas had ceded
it to us, and in doing that, we must do injustice to Mexico« and
take a largo portion of New Mexico, the people of which have
never been under the jurisdiction of Texas. This to me was
an insurmountable barrier—I could not place the country in
that position."
And, sir, with all these matters of fact and his-
tory before her—with these views of some of the
most eminent statesmen of our country upon the
subject of her boundary, she being; so eager and
anxious to get into the Union, could not wait until
that annexation could be consummated in a con-
stitutional manner, but consented, nay not only
consented, but connived at what is considered by
many the unconstitutional manner of her annexa-
tion, by a simple lesolution, and bygfce terms of
those resolutions admitted the doubt of her right
to the territory, and gave the settlement of that
^question to the Federal Government! And now,
what is her position upon this subject? Why,
sir, while this question is yet unsettled, she de-
clares, through her Executive officer in a commu-
nication to her Representatives on this floor, her
determination to seize upon the very territory in
dispute, not one inch of which did she ever have
in her possession, and threatens to do iteven if she
has to resist the force and authority of the General
Government in so doing! And, sir, because the
President, in transmitting to this House his recent
message upon this subject, has seen fit to in-
form the country that he will discharge the duty
devolved upon him by the Constitution, in case
that State shall attempt to carry out her threats,
he is denounced, and vilified, and abused, in the
most bitter terms, -and charged with having drawn
the sword on one of the States of the Union ! And
the gentlemen who make these denunciations have
no words of the same kind for Texas; oh, no!
she may bully, and threaten, and even meditate
treason against the General Government, and it is
allri^ht! But v;hen that Government, through
its executive officer, intimates what it wilt do if
that State attempts to carry its threats into execu-
tion, then we have all at once a general howl of
indignation!—4< a cry of State sovereignty viola-
ted;" of " the civil rights and liberty of the peo-
ple invaded;'1 and closing with a general curse
upon the Union as being unworthy the support of
freemen.
Sir, I have no warnings to give, no threats to
offer; but I have this to say, that if, before this
question shall be peaceably settled between the
General Government and Texas, she shall commit
a single overt act of hostility, as she threatens to
do, so far as my vote can effect it, from that mo-
ment shall all peaceable negotiations for the set-
tlement of it cease.
Mr. HARALSON then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee (in a speech which will
be found in the Appendix,) on the Territorial ques-
tion generally.
Mr. H. having concluded,
Mr. PEASLEE obtained the floor, and said
that he had an amendment which he intended to
offer to the bill now before the committee, and as
it related to the business of the House and con-
cerned the State he had the honor in part to rep-
resent, he asked the attention of the committee,
while he made a few remarks in explanation of it.
The following was the amendment:
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to allow the State of New Hampshire interest at tbe rate of
six per centum per annum on the amount paid out by said
State in eighteen hundred and thirty-six and eighteen hun
dred and llurty-seven, for military expenses in repelling in-
vasion and suppressing insurrection at Indian Stream in
said State, from the time ot payment until the principal sum
was repaid by the United States, and to pay the amount as-
certained to be due, not exceeding six thousand dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, however, That interest shall not be allowed on
any s um the State has not expended for the use aud benefit
ot the United States as evidenced by the amount refunded
o said State, nor interest during any time on any larger
than the State was paying interest for at such time."
He explained the object and effect of the amend-
ment, and stated the circumstances which occa-
sioned the original expenditure. Said it was oc-
casioned by the encroachments of Great Britain
or the Canadian authorities upon our Northeastern
frontier, and grew out of the same boundary ques-
tion which compelled the State of Maine to call
out a much larger number of troops and much
heavier expenses about the same time.
He was induced to offer the amendment to this
bill, as he conceived it to be strictly in order as one
of the contingent expenses of the Government;
and he thought so small a claim ought to be set-
tled and cancelled some time during the generation
within which it occurred, if it was manifestly
just in itself, and involved no principles but those
upon which the Government had acted from its
first organization—no principle but one which had
been settled over and over aeain in analogous cases
and been repeatedly recognized by Congress.
The amount the State would receive under the
amendment, he contended, if it should be adopted,
would be but a small part of the interest-money
contributed by the State through the General Gov-
ernment to individuals, cities, and States, in other
cases, and where the distinction between those
cases and this, or in many of them, certainly on
the scorc of justice and equity, was entirely in
favor of the ciaim of the State. He then cited in-
stances in illustration of this proposition.
The circumstances in the history of the case
which had occurred without the fault of any one
perhaps, but which had occasioned a loss to the
State, might, he said, have some influence in in-
ducing the House to act promptly upon the sub-
ject, and not to take such a course as will result in
committing the whole subject to the calendar, there
to be stifled and smothered year after year, Con-
gress after Congress, for an indefinite period of
time.
Fourteen or fifteen years ago, the State advanced
for the United States about six thousand dollars,
to pay the expenses of her militia, called out, in
the language of the act of the last session, " to re
pel invasion and suppress insurrection at Indian
Stream, in the county of Coos, in said State."
The Federal Government was responsible for
this expenditure, and should have furnished the
money in the first instance; or if it omitted to do
so, was most clearly bound to repay it on demand.
The expenses were all exceedingly low. Every-
thing was donein the most economical manner pos-
sible. Measures far more economical than is usual,
far more economical than those of the United
States, were adopted, and the General Government
had the benefit of that economy.
The rights of the State and of the United States
were maintained. Citizens living within the dis-
puted territory were defended from being dragged
from their homes by armed men to a foreign land,
to be tried for treason, accused of no other crime
than in fact of maintaining the laws of their coun-
try; their families protected from violence; the fur-
ther effusion of bloodshed prevented; and the juris-
diction oP the United States ^indicated ; peace
and order restored, and all at an expense of only
about six thousand dollars. Immediately after the
payment of these expenses by the State, the Gov-
ernor transmitted her accounts and vouchers to the
President, and he communicated them to Congress
in February, 1837, and particularly called its at-
tention to the subject. But owing to the want of
time, or to the fact that the calendar is never
called, the claim or bill lay before Congress for
thirteen years, without ever being considered or
acted upon by the House, except referring it to
some of the appropriate standing committees, and
those committees repeatedly reporting in favor
of its allowance, as an act of clear and obvious
justice to the State. In the mean time a number of
bills passed the Senate, aftera full investigation of
all the facts; but these bills shared the same fate as
did all those originating in the House, for twelve
or thirteen years. They were just put to sleep on
the calendar, and there died with the Congress in
which they originated.
Owing to these delays and want of action, the
State was subjected not only to expense in prose-
cuting her claim before Congress,but also to addi-
tional expense before the departments, owing to
the loss by the Government of the original vouch-
ers sent to it for settlement, and a small part of the
claim may never be paid, as some of the soldiers
have died, and new receipts cannot be obtained.
He contended the general rule ought not to be ap-
plied in this case, that "the Government pays nd
Interest;" if the ground on which the rule rests is,
that the Government isalways ready and willing to
meet its obligations, inasmuch*as tbe reason of the
rule does not exist and has no foundation in fact.
In this case the claim was presented in a proper
manner, with all the vouchers and proofs to sustain
it, and payment was withheld by the party bound
to pay for thirteen years, against the consent of
the party to whom it was due. If there had been
any laches or delays on the part of the State, there
might be some color of objection to the amend-
ment, but tne omission to pay cannot be imputed
to any neglect on her part—it must lie elsewhere.
Admit that the practice of the Government and
just economy requires that all its creditors should
promptly demand their dues, or forego all claim of
interest; but in this esse the State presented her
claim thirteen years before she could obtain it, and
almost every dollar of the interest now claimed
has been paid by the State, after asking to be re-
imbursed for moneys paid out, which the Govern-
ment should Jmve furnished in the first instance,
by*its own confession, as proved by the act of last
session.
The Government has decided that it had the
State's money—it has in fact acknowledged the
State to have been its agent to carry into effect that
provision of the Constitution which guaranties to
every State protection against invasion and domes-
tic violence,—an agent to perform a duty of the
General Government, which is not left to infer-
ence, but imposed in express terms in the fourth
section of the fourth article of the Constitution;
and important service has been proved to have
been rendered the United States through this
agency.
If the Government employs an agent, is it not
bound to indemnify that agent against all actual,
unavoidable losses; especially if it shall have occa-
sioned those losses by its own laches, and shall in
addition have profited by them—have saved to it-
self the same amount of interest it shall have con-
strained its agent to pay? The Government has
been paying interest ever since the State has been
.endeavoring to obtain its just debt; and shall the
Government take advantage of its own wrong?
Had it fulfilled its obligations to the State at the
time it was bound to, it would have had to pay
the same amount of additional interest elsewhere,
that it has compelled the State to pay for its use
and benefit, and that is now asked to be returned
to the State. Had it promptly paid the State one
third or one half the amount due, when it was
demanded, the State would have been as fully in-
demnified as it is now or will be unless this amend-
ment is adopted, for the interest 13 about the same
as the principal. What is then a just indemnifi-
cation of a wrong ? Is it a reparation of half the
wrong? Is that man saved harmless from injury
who is left to bear half the injury himself?
The Government, he contended, was as .much
bound to fully indemnify the State, as it would be
if it had employed any foreign Government its
agent, and perhaps even more so, for if this claim
was paid, it would be but a small portion of the
interest-money the State had contributed through
the General Government in other cases. Ever
since the organization of the Government, scarcely
a single Congress has passed, but more or less
appropriations were made for the payment of in-
terest; and for the State to lose all interest money,
she pays out directly for the Government, as in
this instance, but, in addition to be compelled to
contribute to pay it back to other States and cities
in like cases, would strongly illustrate the moral
of the fable of the lion's den, where the tracks were
all one way.
Such a course, he said, was not only manifestly
unjust, but most impolitic; for the time might
come when the Federal Government might require
similar advances, and there might be danger of
the requisition not being so cheerfully complied
with as it would be, if all were to share alike in
the benefits of the Government, as well as in sacri-
fices to it. He contended, that if the Government
should be unable to extend at any time its shield
of protection over all its extremities, that in such a
crisis those States which patriotically come forward
and furnished men and money for either the
particular or general defence against a foreign
enemy, should be sure of a just and fair compen-
sation.
