1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
POST ROUTE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a pos-t route from Mill B you, in the county of
Mississippi, in the State of Arkansas, via Chiekasawba,
William Hector's, Big Lake, and Grand Prairie, in Arkan-
sas, to Chilleceaux, the county seatot Dunklin county, in
£he State of Missouri.
BRONZED MEDAL OP GENERAL TAYLOR.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the following
resolution, submitted by him on the 7th instant,
was taken up and adopted:
Revived, That the Committee on the Library he instruct-
ed to examine a brobzed medal of the late President of tile
United States, General Zachary Taylor, the workmanship
of N.Gcvelnt, and if, upon such examination, the said com-
mittee shalt deem it worthy of the hero and the statesman
it is intended to commemorate, that the said committee be
authorized to procure as many copies of said medal as they
"may deem proper for the Libraiy and various offices of the
<Governmentm the city of Washington.
CESSION OP THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 85, being
A bill to cede the public lands of the United
States to the States respectively in which they are
situated, on condition that the said States shall
severally grant and convey the said Jpnds to actual
occupants only, in limited quantities, for cost of
survey, transfer,and title muniments merely. My
object is not to consider it now, but to postpone it
to a subsequent day with the view of making it
■a special order; when I shall ask the Senate to
allow me to occupy its attention for about thirty
minutes.
The bill was accordingly taken up; and on mo-
tion of Mr. WALKER, the further consideration
of it was postponed until half past eleven o'clock
on Tuesday next, for which day it was made the
special order.
INVALID PENSION.
Mr. HALE. There was a report from the
Commjttee on Pensions yesterday, accompanied
by a bill which had passed the House unanimous-
ly, granting a pension" to Eliphas C. Brown. I
hope the Senate wiil consent to the consideration
of the bill now.
The motion being agreed to, the bill, which will
place Eliphas C. Brown on the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of §18 a month, was taken up,
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the I
Whole, and, there being no amendment, it was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
INTERCOURSE WITH INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No
293, being " A bill to extend the benefit of the
17th section of the act to regulate intercourse with
the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tiers (approved June 3, 1834) to the people of the
State of Texas and others."
Mr. DICKINSON. That is an important bill,
and there will probably be considerable discussion
upon it. I shall oppose its consideration at this
time, and ask the Senate to take up a bill for the
annual appropriations for the payment of pensions.
The appropriations have run out, and the pension-
ers are in a state of great suffering. These appro-
priations are within the estimates, and as it will
take no time to pass them, I hope the Senator
from Missouri will withdraw his motion and allow
jhe Senate to pass the bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. It will not take .much time
to pass the bill to which I have just adverted. I
have one amendment to make, which will obviate,
I think, all objection; and I hope the bill will be
taken up.
The question being taken on the motion to take
up the bill it was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and is open
to amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to amend the bill in
the 18th line of the first section by striking out the
word " indemnify " and insert the word " guaran-
ty " in lieu of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN. The Senatorfrom Kentucky
{Mr. Underwood] who is not now in his place,
manifested the other day, when this bill was be-
fore the Senate, a particular interest in it; and I
hope it wi'I not occupy the attention of the Senate
during the absence of that gentleman. I move,
therefore, that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed till Monday.
Mr. ATCHISON. •'The amendment I have just
proposed, and which has been adopted by the
Senate, obviates all the objections of the Senator
from Kentucky.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
On the motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of the bill from
the House of Representatives making appropria-
tions for the payment of revolutionary and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
the 30th June, 1851.
Mr. DICKINSON. The passage of this bill
is demanded by public necessity, and I hope it
will not be resisted. I have prepared myself with
a speech in figures with regard to the bill, to show
that it is correct in every particular. I hope it
may be passed. It is one of the regular appropri-
ation bills, is within the estimates, and has been
thoroughly examined by the committee.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, read a third time, and
NAVAL PENSIONS.
On the motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of " A bill mak-
ing appropriations for the payment of navy pen-
sions for the year ending June 30, 1851."
Mr. DICKINSON. This bill contains only
two items; and the only question, I believe, which
is likely to be discussed, is an'item of three thou-
sand dollars. Many years ago there was a fund
of two percent, levied from prize money. It was
levied in order to raise a fund to give pensions to
those who were wounded in private armed vessels.
The number of persons thus wounded was so
mufth greater than was anticipated that both the
interest and principal of this fund were consumed,
and the persons thus wounded were for a long pe-
riod without pensions. That law has never been
revived; but in the year 1835 there was an appro-
priation made to pay them for that period of time
for which they had no pension, and also for that
year; and ever since that period an annual appro-
priation has been made to pay these pensioners.
The committee, after this long sanction, although
there ig no positive law on the subject, did not feel
authorized to pass it over without mentioning it.
It has been unanimously recommended by the
House, and the committee did not feel disposed to
strike it out. They, therefore, recommend that it
should be passed.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, read a third time, and
MAIL TO VERA CRUZ.
On motion of Mr. SOULE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 195, being
" A bill to provide for a weekly mail from New
Orleans, or the mouth of the Mississippi river, to
Vera Cruz and Tampico, in New Mexico, by
steam or sailing vessels."
Mr. SOULE. The necessity of passing this
bill must be obvious to every member of the Sen-
ate. Under the existing state of things, we are
entirely dependent upon the British mail steamers
for communications with Mexico; and I have been
informed this morning that even these means have
been suspended; so that we are left without any
means of intercourse with a nation with whom it
is highly desirable, and of the utmost importance,
that we should maintain friendly relations. The
bill proposes the establishment of a weekly mail;
but I wish to amend it m the eighth line of the first
section, by striking out the word " weekly," and
inserting "tri-monthly."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YDLEE. I move to amend the bill, by
striking out of the tenth line of the first section the
words "or sailing," so that the communication
may be entirely by steam.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would like to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs [Mr. Yolee] to explain the object of that
amendment, and also whether it would not compel
us, in all cases, to employ steamers, when vessels
engaged in the revenue service might sometimes
perform the duty?
Mr. YULEE. The main purpose of the amend-
ment is, that when the contract is made, we may
have such precision as we can rely upon in the
carrying ofthese mails. Sailing vessels would be
subject to too many contingencies in passing over
these waters.
Mr. DAVIS. I quite agree with the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, that steam ves-
sels are preferable. In those waters, so subject to
gales, I should deem it quite improper to rely upon
sailing vessels. We ought certainly to prefer
steam vessels, if we can get them without too
much cost; but I fear that we shall involve our-
selves by adopting this amendment in some such
expenditures as followed a former contract of a
similar kind.
Mr. BRIGHT. I cannot consent to have this
bill passed without expressing my objection to it.
So far as I recollect, it is a part of a proposition
which was before this body at its last session. I
had occasion at that time, to make inquiry of the
Postmaster General as to the necessity for this
service; and the impression made upon my mind,
from the conversation I had with him, was that it
comes emphatically within the class of service that
relates to a kind of jobbing that goes on outside of
these walls. A proposition was presented to me
at the time by agentleman, of course not connected
with this body, who very strongly urged the pro-
priety of having such a measure passed; and
when I came to examine into the thing minutely,
I found that his main object was to get into the
service. I examined the bill which he brought to
me, for the purpose of satisfying myself of the na-
ture of the measure, and I was convinced that it
was nothing more than a project to get money
from the National Treasury without performing
any essential service. I believe that the Postmas-
ter General stated that there was no necessity for
this service, and that the entire amount of postage
arising trom this service would not, within one
year, come to a thousand dollars. I opposed it
last year, as I shall do this. I shall go against
every proposition of this kind, for taking money
out of the Treasury for the purpose of giving jobs
to individuals; and I hope that gentlemen will not
press this bill this morning. I can satisfy gentle-
men, I think, by a reference to receipts in relation
to the mail service between those two points, that,
so far as the service is concerned, the proposal em-
braced in this bill is unnecessary, if there are
other public interests which render it necessary,
then the gentleman [Mr. Soitle] may be right ii>
pressing this measure. I recollect last year that
the colleague of the honorable Senator felt anxious
about it; and I remember that other reasons were
given then than have been given now. If, how-
ever, the object of this bill is merely to increase
the mail service, 1 mu'st object to it, for 1 believe
there is no necessity for it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would simply remark, in an-
swer to what has been said by the Senator from
Indiana, that the mail service is one of subordinate
consideration. 1 have been always anxious tosee
this line established; and more, I wish to see it
established on such a basis as wili be most advan-
tageous to the Government. The trade between
New Orleans and Vera Cruz is very important. It
is with a people who have no marine, and if tbig
line is established it will increase that trade much
to the benefit of the United States. It has also for
its object—and which ought to be a great object
with the United States—the cultivation of friendly
intercourse between the two countries. It has also
the additional recommendation of giving emigrants
who desire to go to the Pacific a facility for arriv-
ing at Vera Cruz, which is believed by many to
be the most desirable route. These are all con-
siderations in addition to the mere mail service,
and such considerations as I think carry with
them great weight.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator from
Indiana to be kind enough to give way, so as to
permit me to call up the special order. The hour
has now arrived.
Mr. BRIGHT. Certainly. I have no desire
to prolong this discussion to day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move then that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed till Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union-
