1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
these objectionable bills here for the reason that
they are in accordance with the recommendation
of the President, but foretells their passage in the
order in which they are sent us from the Senate.
That we are to have no delay; that the session
ought to be brought to a close; and these bills
ought not to detain Congress at this season of the
year. Well, sir, these admonitions, coming from
that quarter, are surely worthy of consideration.
I have been told this morning, also, that the whole
thing was arranged before the defeat of the omni-
bus bill; that leading members of the other end
of the Capitol had arranged the whole affair, and
that the bills are to be forced through under the
screw of the previous question, without being com-
mitted or discussed; and that this is to be done by
Whig votes I await these movements with great
curiosity. To this time, as I have before re-
marked, the Whig party North has at all times
denied that Texas had any claim to any portion
of New Mexico; and I am unwilling to believe
that they, will now throw a political somerset, and
admit that she has a title there, and go for paying
her ten millions of dollars for k; but(t we shall see
what we shall see."
1 think the President will find that Executive
influence is not as omnipotent now as it was in
former times. That Representatives here have
learned that there is a power, not behind, but
above the throne—one that will command obe-
dience even from the President himself. Why,
sir, when President Taylor first ascended the
presidential chair, he was anxious for the estab-
lishment of civil governments in New Mexico and
California. All will recollect his desires to save
the people there from the government of the bowie-
knife and the pistol.
Sir, a few Free-Soilers, aided by Whigs and
Democrats, resisted the establishment of such
governments, unless slavery were excluded. The
indignant frowns of the President were threatened
to be poured out upon the Free-Soil party, if they
opposed that measure again. Sir, these threats
had no effect. Free-Soilers and the people stood
firm. General Taylor saw the course of public
sentiment, and wisely changed his course and
adopted the policy of having no territorial govern-
ments; and the whole Whig party cried, Amen;
great is General Taylor, and his whole policy is
based upon profound wisdom. General Taylor
now sleeps with his fathers—peace to his ashes.
But it seems that a Whig generation has now
risen up, who know not General Taylor, and who
now are to vote for the establishment of a civil
government in Utah, without any exclusion of sla-
very. Well, sir, it is the duty of a soldier to face
to the right, or to the left, or to the right about,
according to the word of his commander. And
we shall, I hope, have an opportunity of seeing
precisely who obeys the word with alacrity; how
many Whi^s will now take their turn upon the
spring-board and give us a specimen of ground
and lofty tumbling.
I rose simply to call attention to this programme
of the future action of the House on these subjects.
To advertise the country of what is to take place.
To let gentlemen understand that we are not to be
taken by surprise, and these important measures
forced upon the country by a snap judgment, un-
foreseen by us.
I will further add, th£\t when we saw the selec-
tion of the Cabinet, when the present Secretary of
State was placed in premiership, we should have
foreseen this result. Neither you, Mr. Chairman,
nor any other slaveholder, has ever gone so far to
degrade the North as the present Secretary of
State. You, sir, have been long in this Hall, you
have been devoted to the interests of the South, ;
but you never dared—no, sir, I will not use the
term dare—but you never felt it in your conscience
to ask of the free States some eighty millions of
dollars to compensate Virginia for the surrender of
her northwest territory to freedom. In this re-
spect, Mr. Webster has fairly outstripped even the
slaveholders. His propositions in the Senate du-
ring the present session, are odious and offensive
to the people. He is now the master spirit of the
Administration. He has stamped his image and
superscription upon its policy. It will prove the
handwriting upon the wall: " Mene, mene, tekel
upharsim" is already inscribed upon its policy.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that you southern
men hold your caucuses almost nightly, agree
upon your measures, and unite your efforts'to sub-
ject the North to your views. I do not blame you.
If I were a southern man and believed as you do, I
would take measures to maintain southern inter-
ests. Not so with the northern members. They
cannot be rallied; I have done what I could to
arouse them to action. They are divided. One is
of Paul, another of Apollos, and another of Ce-
phas. Divided and paralyzed, they appear inca-
pable of effort. And never, sir, were the rights
of the North in greater jeopardy. I would that
my voice could reach the ear of every northern
elector; I would tell him to arouse to the support
of his own rights—to gird on his political armor,
and to speak in commanding tones to these ser-
vants*of the people, and bid us to act for truth,
justice, the Constitution, and for mankind.
Mr. G having concluded—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,,next obtained the
floor. He made a speech touching the conditio^
of the finances of the Government; he showed that
the amount necessary to supply the appropriations,
exclusive of that for the Post Office Department,
was not less than $47,230,000, and inclusive of
that $52,450,000; which was to be taken from the
pockets of the people. He advocated a system of
retrenchment and economy.
[Mr. J. 's speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. J. having concluded—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor, but yielded to a motion by
Mr ASHE, that the committee rise.
The committee Refused to rise.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, then addressed
the committee for an hour in defence of thfc claim
of Texas, and in condemnation of the course pro-
posed to be pursued by the President. [A report
of his remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SEDDON obtained the floor, and on his
motion,—
The committee rose and reported.
"WINTHROP S. HARDING.
Mr. CONRAD rose, and made an appeal to the
House, to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of the bill
for the relief of Winthrop S. Harding.
Mr CARTTER said, he would move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Lou-
isiana was entitled to the floor.
The title of the bill was read, (as above.)
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked if the
bill involved an appropriation ?
Mr. CONRAD replied, that it did not.
The bill was read for information, and no ob-
jection being made—
The motion of Mr. Conrad was put and
agreed to.
So the committee were discharged, and the bill
was brought before the House.
The question being on its engrossment—
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading of
the report
The report was read.
Mr. STRONG said, from the reading of the
reoort he had not been able to discover anything
which entitled the party to relief. He referred to
some of the facts, to show that it was only an or-
dinary c^se of suretyship.
He yielded, for inquiries and explanations, to
Messrs. Morse, Hubbard, Meade, and Conrad.
Mr. CONRAD briefly explained the reasons for
the bill.
Mr. STRONG concluded by moving to refer
the bill back to the Committee of the Whole
House.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 33, noes 36; no quorom.
Pending the question—■
On motion, the House adjourned.
PET IT! OX, &c.
The following petition, memorial, and resolu-
tions, were presented, under the rule, and referred
to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. TF-JOMPSON, of Penn«vlvania: The petition of
citizen? of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, for a change iu i
the tarrifTlaws of Pennsylvania. fj
Bv Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of the Trustees of ii
the Philadelphia City Gas Works, for the refunding of duties
paid under protest on the Telescope gas-holder imported by u
them. i,
By Mr. PE\7NETT: Insolations of the One-da annual :!
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, ajjam^t the !
admission of sdaverv into territory now free ; and approving ;
the course of the Senators and representatives opposed to 1
he extension of human slavery. 1
IN SENATE.
MONDAY, August 12, 1850.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, communicating the first part of
the results of investigations by Henry Schoolcraft,
appointed under the act of IMarch 3,1847, to col-
lect and digest such statistics and other materials
as may illustrate the history, present condition,
and future prospects of the various Indian tribes of
the United States; which was read, and the motion
to print was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing-
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of ministers in
the New Hampshire Yearly Meeting of the Free-
will Baptist Convention, remonstrating against
the admission of any more slave States into the
Union, the extension of slavery to the Territories,
and against the enactment of any more stringent
laws for the recovery of fugitive slaves, and that
slavery and the slave trade may be abolished in
the District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of New Hamp-
shire, and a petition from citizens of Massachu-
setts, asking that slavery may be prohibited by
law in all the Territories of the United States;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, from Joseph Gibbons, and forty other cit-
izens of Lancaster county, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, asking the unconditional admission of Cal-
ifornia into the Union, and protesting against any
compromise by which one square inch of territory
now free shall be consigned to slavery; and set-
ting forth that, though they are opposed to slavery
in every shape and form, they are sensible of their
legal obligation to pay the pound of flesh guaran-
tied to that Heaven-accursed institution by the
terms of the Federal compact; which was received
and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the petition of
Tsaac Eaton, and fifty-four other inhabitants of
Mount Gilead, Loudoun county, in the State of
Virginia, asking the enactment of a law providing
means for enabling free negroes to emigrate to Af-
rica, and for the purchase of the slave children under
four years of age of all mothers who shall emigrate
as aforesaid; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
The petition is as follows :
" To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
" The undersigned, citizens of the United States, being
anxious to improve the condition of the colored man, to aid
in arresting the foreign slave trade, and the more rapidly to
introduce into Africa the blessins* of Christianity and the arts
of civilization, and being equally anxious to remove from
our land every cause of discord, and to secure the future
welfare, harmony, and permanency of the American Union,
thus having in view objects upon which, we believe, the
great bod> ofrtil parties, and of every t>eclion of the country
can unite, would most respectfully pray that Congress pass
a bill providing means to remove from our country all the
descendants of the Afncan race who are both witling, and
who may be at liberty to emigrate to Africa; that suitable
provision be made for their real wants for one year after
their arrival in that eountry; and, as a greater inducement
for them to emigrate, that an arrangement be negotiated for
giving them a bounty in land on their arrival, upon which
they may, with industry and economy, support themselves;
and make such other provision for ihem as may be deemed
most desirable. Ji is also desirable that an appropriation be
made to purchase the slave children under foui years of age,
whose mothers shall be manumitted to be sent to Africa, so
that they may accompany them thither."
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of David
Taylor, asking compensation for an Indian reser-
vation and improvements, as provided for m the
thirteenth article of the treatv with the Cherokee
Indians of 1835 and 183G; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
BILL FROM HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The bill from the House of Representatives, for
the relief of Al-lo-lah, and his representatives and
their grantees, was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some convenient day thereafter, ask
leave to introduce a bill to cede to the State of
Louisiana the public lands remaining unsold there-
in, to enable her more effectually to prevent the
annual inundations of the Mississippi river.
ALABAMA RAILROAD.
On motion by Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to consider Senate bill JNTo. 306, being the bill
