470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
jcct was definitely settled under the auspices of
the treaty with Russia, by which there was a
settlement of all claims for compensation for slaves
taken during the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I can explain this matter in a very few words.
This resolution relates to slaves taken contrary to
the stipulations of the treaty of peace entered into
in the year 1783 between this country and Great
Britain. It was a subject of negotiation between
the two countries. These negotiations were prob-
ably abandoned after the ratification of Jay's treaty,
and the neglect to secure indemnity was one of the
chief points of objection to that treaty. The claim |
of indemnity for these slaves, stands pretty much j
on the same footing as the claims for indemnity
for French spoliations, and I think it will so turn
o\iiy when we get the correspondence and all the
facts. I wish to obtain the correspondence for
that purpose.
Mr. KING. I have no objection.
The question was then taken on the adoption of j
the resolution, and it was agreed to.
PRINTING.
On motion by Mr. YUJLEE, the resolution sub-
mitted by him on the 4th instant, was taken up and
adopted, as follows:
Ordered, That circulars oidered bv committees of this
body, for the purpose of collecting information upon sub-
jects lefeired tu theircon-idrriitionjblmll be executed by the
printer employed to print (or the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following, which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commeice be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making piovi<!on by
law f'oi the punting of the annual rt-poit upon commerce
and navigation, in anticipation of the annual assembling of
Congress.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice that
he would to-morrow, or at some subsequent day,
ask leave to introduce a bill granting a quantity of
land to the Siate of Wisconsin, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Milwaukee to the Mis-
sissippi river.
Mr. RUSK gave notice that he would to mor-
row, or at some early day thereafter, ask leave to
introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to provide additional clerks in the Post
Office Department.
A bill to provide for the post office and mail ser-
vice m California and Oregon.
Mr. COOPLR gave notice that ho would to-
morrow, or at some subsequent d<>y, ask icuve to
introduce a bill to mwhoiize the Seuotury of the
Treasury lo pmehnf-e for the use of the Go\eni-
ment Kase's patent force or fire-engine pump.
RECIPROCITY 'WITH GREAT BRITAIN,
Mr. COOPET?. Mr. Pirsident, I d esiieto ob-
tain the indulgence of the Senate for a very brief
period, while 1 submit a few remarks in relation
to the correspondence between the Secretary of
State and the British Minister, which w^s pre-
sented yesterday, and which was disposed of after
I left the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to addiess
the Senate.
Mr. TURNEY. What is the subject ?
Mr. COOPER. It is in lelation to the Presi-
dent's message and correspondence presented yes-
terday, and disposed of by being laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed. I move that the
message and correspondence be taken up and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to re-
fer the and accompanying correspondence
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COOPER. I was about to remark, that
when the Piesidcnt's message was disposed of
yesterdciy, by a motion to lay it on the table, I had
left my seat and retired from the chamber, and I
was not then aware of the extent to which the
British Minister had felt himself warranted to go,
in making suggestions relative to what our domes-
tic legislative policy should be, in refeiciice to a
particular subject, fn order that I may have a
foundation for the remarks which I design to sub-
mit, j will read the letter, dated January 3d, 1850.
It is as follows:
British Lrgvuov,
r, _ Washington, January 3, 1650.
be<m 'PPfSPHti'd to her Majesty's Govern-
ment that there is some idea on the pan of the Government
of the United States to increase the duties upon British iron
imported into the United States, I have been instructed by
her Majesty's Government to express to the United States
Government the hope of her Majesty's Government, that no
addition will be made to the duties imposed by the piesent
tariff of the United States, which already weighs heavily on
British productions; and I cannot but observe, foi my own
part, that an augmentation of the duties on British produce
or manufactures, made at a moment when the British Gov-
ernment has, by a series of measures, been' facditating the
commerce between the two countries, wonld produce a
very disasreeable effect on public opinion in England.
I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you the as-
suiance of my most distinguished consideration.
HENRY L. BULVVER.
Hon. John M. Clayton, &c., 8cc., See.
Now, sir, in order that I may say nothing but
what I design to say, I will use very full notes in
relation to that part of my remarks which refer to
the conduct and course pursued by the British
Minister X will repeat what I have already stated,
that 1 had left the Senate yesterday before the cor-
respondence between the Secretary of State and
i the British Minister had been disposed of, and
without being aware of the extent to which the
latter had felt himself warranted in making sugges-
tions relative to what our domestic legislative poli-
cy should be. As far as the policy of one inde-
pendent nation toward another is within the con-
trol of the Executive, and subject to regulation by
treaty, so far is it legitimately the object of sugges-
tion and discussion by the diplomatic representa-
tives of either. By this I do not intend to say,
that the representative of one nation may not make
known to the Government of another, that its
policy in particular cases, in which it comes in
conflict with the interests of that which he repre-
sents, might be modified in such a way as to be
mutually beneficial. But I do say, that a diplo-
matic representative fails in all the duties of eti-
quette and courtesy toward the Government to
which he is accredited, when he undertakes to in-
form it that any contemplated legislative action on
its part, " will produce a very disagieeable effect
on" the Government " or public opinion" of his
country. To do so, sir, is obtrusive, impertinent,
and deserving of rebuke. We are competent to
manage our own domestic policy, without hints or
suggestions from the agents of other governments,
however powerful, however wise in the manage-
ment of their own. It is our duty to regulate our
own policy for the benefit of our own people—the
whole of our own people—without reference to the
state of Butish " public opinion," or French pub-
lic opinion, or public opinion elsewhere.
1 doubt not, Mr. President, that British public
ji opinion is gratified .by a policy which feeds her
| people, though it should starve ours; but it is mi-
i; pertinent on the part o! the British Minister to
. tell us so. I know that there is a difference of
j opinion at home, on the subject of the policy re-
j ferred to; but it is a difference which we can settle
i at home among ourselves, and all the better and
' sooner, without obtrusive, unsought advice from
! abroad. Our southern brethren do not all of
j them agree with us on tly? subject of this policy;
i hut they will agire with me that it is of domestic
concern, and to be settled at home, by our own
j Congress, in such manner as shall bestcompoit
I with the interests of all. When England,through
i her statesmen, in a manner far less offensive, m-
j asmuch as it was said of us and not to us, has de-
j nounced the institution of slavery as a stain upon
i our national escutcheon, which ought to exclude
: us from the community of civilized nations, north-
; em men as well as southern men have expressed
j their indignant disgust at the cant of those who
) denounce us for the tolerance of that which was
jj inflicted on us in the beginning by British cu-
i, pidity. I am opposed to slavery—deeply, con-
scientiously, and forever opposed; but, sir, enter-
:| taining an opinion hostile to slavery, I shall never
!; so act as to give cause of offense to the citizens of
j j the States in which the institution exists—in which
i! it is protected by the Constitution; and while I am
,■ opposed, and conscientiously opposed, to slavery,
; I wish to hear no English denunciations of my ,
■' country, nor any part of it, on this account, or :
any other. And what would our southern breth- i
ren say, if this same Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer i
, should conceive it to be his duty to tell us what i
; the "public opinion" of England is, relative to !
the institution of slavery? I leave it to them to !
answer.
! This same ambassador seems to have a peculiar
penchant for offering his advice to the govern-
! ments to which he happens to be accredited. But
a little more than two years since, when minister
to Spain, he volunteered to tell the Glueen what
England thought her policy ought to be in relation
to the domestic management of the internal affairs
of Spain. The correspondence which took place
between the Duke of Sotomayer, the Prime Min-
ister, so to speak, of Spain, and Lord Palmerston,
on the subject, is fresh in the memory of all. One
would have thought that he might have profited
by the lesson which was taught him then; but it
seems that he regards England as so far in advance
of all other nations, in power and in wisdom, that
they will be obliged for such hints and suggestions
as may emanate from her ambassadors, wherever
they may chance to reside.
Now, for my own part, I do not thank him for
the suggestion in relation to our domestic policy,
and the Administration will not thank hmi, 1
trust. But a little while since, it will be recol-
lected, that in a case not entirely dissimilar,
when the ambassador of another Power quite as
respectable as that of England, and to whom we
owe far more than we owe to England of friend-
ship and of courtesy, undertook to tell the national
Executive of this country what was due to its
honor, and what was due to justice on his part,
his passports were furnished to him by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and he has left our
shores for his home, there to account for his in-
terference—not with a matter of domestic policy,
but for volunteering advice as to what was com-
patible with honor and justice on the part of the
country to which he was accredited. In that case
the Executive did right, and I have no doubt that
Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer has already been in-
formed by the President of the United States, that
his advice is unsought for, in language equivalent
to that which he used to Monsieur DeTocqueville,
the Prime Minister or Minister of Foreign Affairs,
of France.
Sir, 1 am willing to trust the honor of this Gov-
ernment to him in whose hands the people have
placed it. He will do all that is necessary for its
vindication; but I thought that it was but right
that this department of the Government,—the
legislative department of the Government,—equally
concerned in all that relates to the honor of the
country, might speak its sentiments in reference
to this matter; and if the humblest member of this
body felt called upon, by the relation which he
bears to the particular subject to which reference
is made, to speak, the rebuke will be all the more
severe.
It was in order to submit these remarks, that I
made the motion to refer the subject embraced in
the President's message and correspondence to the
Committee on Commerce, and if there be not a
reply intended, I will now withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The language
of my friend from Pennsylvania upon this topic, is
certainly somewhat severe, if not censorious. He
declares thM the opinion of the British Minister
on this topic is impertinent; and if it is imperti-
nent, it is an opinion which he had no right to
express. Yet no exception to it was taken before
it came heie. I fear that my friend has perhaps
forgotten some of our own precedents in such
matters. He should understand that it is no un-
common or unusual thing for one nation to express
towards anotheran opinion in relation to the tariff,
or duties on goods imported. Since I have been a
member of tins body, I well remember a resolution
which passed through the Senate, and which is
now doubtless in the remembrance of those within
the hearing of my voice, expressly requesting the
President of the United States to open negotiations
with foreign Governments, to see if it were pos-
sible to obtain a seduction of the duties on tobacco.
And, sir, according to my recollection, an agent of
the Government of the United States was dis-
patched to Europe, and kept there for years, in cor-
respondence with the various Governments of
Europe, to obtain this objcct.
Mr. COOPER. In that case application was
made to the treaty-making power. There was no
legislative department in those Governments to
which application was made. The supreme pow-
er of the State was the King or the Emperor, and
the whole control of the subject there belongs to
the treaty-making power—the supreme power of
the State.
Mr. DAVIS. In the language which i use, it is
not my purpose to cast censure on my friend for
the course he has pursued, but merely to state for
