1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1565
act, we make ourselves responsible for depreda-
tions committed by Indians over whom we have
no control. The principle of all former acts has
been, that where we are responsible for the con-
duct of the Indians, we are responsible for the
depredations they commit. It is now proposed
that we shall be responsible for the depredations of
Indians, for whose conduct weare not responsible.
This is totally different, it seems to me, irom the
principle of all former act3. I should be very
happy to vote for any act which came within the
real meaning and spirit of the act of 1834. But it
seems to me hat this does not.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, as the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr,
Atchison] has stated, the law of 1834 extends to
every Staie of the Union, with the exception of
the State of Texas. The objections of the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Ewing] will be answered by
the Constitution itself, which declares that " Con-
gress shall have power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, between the several States, and
with the Indian tribes."
The annexation of Texas extended the power
under the Constitution to control the Indian tubes
in the State of Texas. The depredations that are
complained of are not very many. They t.re dep-
redations committed by Indians who do not belong
properly to the State of Texas. They are com-
mitted "by Indian tribes who, by the policy of
the United States, have been forced out of other
parts of the United States—out of Louisiana and
other States. They are absolutely intruders upon
the soil of Texas. The Caddo Indians, the Chero-
kees, the Snawnees, and various otheis, commit
these depredations. We ask nothing but the ex-
tension of the saTne law which extends to every
other State in the Union. And as to the power
which the Congress of'the United States has over
these Indians, it is guarantied by the Constitution.
It is true, there is an agent there. But he was
first appointed on account of an appropriation
having been made for the purpose of appointing
an agent temporarily. Unfortunately, the last agent
that has been there has been m bad health for
some time, and I have seen no reports from him.
The depredations have been committed on those
who are poor. We ask for the passage of this
bill, which extends no privileges to the State of
Texas which arc not now extended to every other
State in the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is now twelve o'clock, the
hour for the consideration of the special order;
but if a vote can be taken on this bill now, I will
waive my call for the special order.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I now move to strike
out that part of the bill which gives it a retroactive
operation. I find that the bill of 1834 contains
this provision:
" Jlml provided also, That unless such claim shall he pre-
sealed withm three years after the commission of the in-
jury, the same shall be barred. And if the nation or tribe
to which such Indian may belong receive an annuity from
the United Stales, such claim shall, at the next payment ot
the annuity, be deducted therefrom, and paid to the party
injured ; and if no annuity is payable to sucn nation or
tribe, then the amount of the claim shall be paid Irom the
Treasury of the Cm ted States.''
Now, you have inserted in this bill a provision
giving it a retroactive operation in reference to
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, as well as Texas,
that sets aside this provision, which is applicable
to the rest of the United States.
Mr. ATCHISON. The reason of that is obvi-
ous. The intercourse law did not extend to the
States of Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, nor to
Texas. That is the reason for the provision to
which the Senator refers.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not see why it
should not have extended to Alabama and the
other States where theie were those southern In-
dians.
Mr. YULEE. I can answer the Senator. 1
think the construction of that law should have
been such as to have extended to those States.
But the department having decided otherwise,
upon a strict construction, it becomes necessary
that remedial legislation should take place.
Mr. EWING. Mr. President, 1 think there
ouo-ht to be further legislation before this branch
of "the bill is passed. Notwithstanding the provis-
ion of the Constitution which the Senator from
Texas has brought forward, I do not think the In-
dian department has power to prohibit individuals,
under the circumstances, from entering into the
Indian territory in Texas; to prevent them from
establishing trading posts there ; to prevent their
selling spirituous liquors there. In short,< they
have no means of protecting the Indians from the
frontier inhabitants of Texas without further legis-
lation. TI.e general powers given •by the Consti-
tution do not confer it upon them. Without that,
it will not do to extend this provision to Texas.
I think it proper that tnare should be provisions of
law connected with this that would give the Uni-
ted States the same power over the Indians there
that she has in other Territories, when she takes
upon herself the same responsibility that is asked
to be taken here.
MT. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideraiion of this subject till to-morrow
morning at half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. And make it the special order for
that time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yery well.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union.
The question pending was on the following
amendment submitted on Saturday by Mr. Tur
ney. Strike out the first section of the bill, and
insert the following:
jBe it cn<i< ted f>y the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jdmencuxn Congress assembled, That, as
soon as California shall have parsed in convention ail ordi-
nance providing—
" Thatshe relinquif-hes all clnirii to tax, dispose of, or in
any way to intrrfere with the pumary di>.po--al l>y the United
States ot the public domain within her iumte ;
" That she will not interpose her authoi iiy and power so
as to ohftruct or impede any control which the United
Stntes may deem advisable to exercise over such districts
in the mining regions, (either now discovered, or to be dis-
covered hereafter,) as may not be included in any lawiul
grant made to private individuals or to corporations prior to
the ees-ion of' California to the United States ;
"That the lands ot the non-residents shall never be taxed
higher than tho^e of residents ;
kl That the navigable waters t-hall be open and free to all
citizens of the United States, those of California included;
" That hei southern limits shall be restricted to the Mis-
souri compromi&e limj, (36° 30' of north latitude ;)
" And as soon as she shall have produced to the President
of the United States satisfactory and authentic exidence
that the term  above set forth have b^eu full) and exactly
complied with, the PieMdent of the Ujuted States be and
he is hereby authorised and lequested, without any further
action onihe part of Con«iess, to ls^ue hi- proclamation de-
claring that California is, and shall thereupon be, admitted
into the Union upon an equal looting with the original
Stales in all re^ptcis whatsoever."
A discussion ensued between Messrs. SOULE,
DOUGLAS, and FOOTE, after which the ques-
tion was taken on the amendment of Mr. Tur-
key, and it was lejected—yeas 20, nays 30; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Clemens, David of Mi-^nsippi, Dawson,
Downs, Foote, Hunter, King, Mason, Pratl, Husk, Sebas-
tian, SouI6, Tur ney, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—iWe^K-i. liahHvin. Benton, Bradburv, Bright,
Ca<s, Cha<e, Coopor, Divis of Massachusetts, Dickinson,
Dodsje of Wtscon-in, Dodge of Iowa, Douiila*, Evvmg,
Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Norns, Seward,
Shields, Siuiin, Spruauee, Sturgeon, Undeivvood, Upham,
Wales, Walker, YVhitcomb, and Wintlirop—l]0.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BERRIEN addressed the Senate for up-
wards of two hours, and was followed by Mr.
FOOTE, Mr. CASS, Mr. DAVIS of Massachu-
setts, and others.
Mr. HUNTER moved that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and were—
YEAS—Mes'rs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bell, Berrien, But-
ler, Ofenn us, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
Hunter, King, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
jSoule, Tuiney, Underwood, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Mevsis Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Ca«, Cha«e,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Bvving, Felch, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Miller, Noiris, Phelps, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sturgeon, Upham, Wales, Walk-
er, Wmthrop, and Wlntcomb—31.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The question again recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until to-
morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and were—
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwetf, Bell, Berrien, But-
ler, demons, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dowu^, Foote,
Hunter, King, Mason, Moiton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
S >ute, Turney, and Yulee—-20.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
co miu Dodge ot Iowa, Douglas, Ewing, Felch, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Miller, Norri?, Phelps, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Uphaiu,
Wales, Walker, Wmthrop, and Whitcomb—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. Being instructed to resist this
bill to the last, I move that it be laid upon the ta-
ble.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays, and they were ordered, and were—
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Berrien, Bufler,
Chnnt'iis, Davis ot Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Foote,
I-lunter, King, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Soul6, Turney,and Yulee—19.
NAYS—Ales-rti, Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Cass,
Cha-e, Cooper, Davis ot Massachusetts, Dn kinr.on, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doughs, Ewing, Felch,
Greene, Hale, Ilamlin, Houston, Miller, Norits, Phelps,
S< ward. Shields, Smith, Spruance, St rg^on, Umh-rwood,
Upham, Wales, Walker, Wmthrop, and'Whitr oinli-32.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. TURNEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was negatived, on a division, by a
majority of 28 to ]8.
The question again recurred upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered, and were:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, B nton, Br.idburv, Bright,
Ca«s, Chase, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Diclun.-on,
Dodge ot Wisconsin, D)dge of Iowa, Douglas, Eivmg,
I'Vkh, Gieen*-, Hale, Hamlin, Hom-ton, Miller, Norris,
Phelps, Seward, Shields, Sm'lh, Spiuance. Siumeon, Un-
derwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Wmthrop, and Whit-
comb— 33.
NAYS—vesers. Atobi.-on, Barnwell, Bcrnen, Butler,
Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dowi , Fuote,
Hunter, King, Mas-on, Morton, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Soul6, Tuiney, and Yulee—19.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading:.
The PRESIDENT. When shall it have ita
third reading?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, and others.
Let it be read now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that the bill is
already engrossed. I therefore ask for the third
reading now.
Several Senators. Let it be read now.
Other Senators objected.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn. I understand that there are several
Senators who still desire to speak.
The motion to adjourn was negatived, on a di-
vision, by a majority of 25 to 23.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, rose, and was
proceeding to address the Senate upon the neces-
sity of deliberation on the passage of a bill of such
vital importance, when he was interrupted by
Mr. YULEE, who desired him to give way for
a motion to adjourn.
JN#r. DAVIS yielded the floor for that motion,
and it waa agreed to by a vote of 28 to 19.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, JSugusl 33, 1850.
Mr. BOOTH asked and obtained leave to offer
the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire mio the propriety of providing by law a salaiy
for the Collector at the port of Aliddletown, 111 the State ot
Connecticut.
The question \yas taken, and the resolution was
agreed to. '
MINNESOTA.
On motion by Mr. BOYD, the Committee on the
Territories was dischatged from the further con-
sideration of the bill for the benefit of the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 92,
giving a little bounty (he said) to a soldier who
had both his arms shot off m Mexico.
The title was read for information, as follows:
" An act for the further relief of John Mitchell."
Mr. RUMSEY called for the reading of the bill;
which was read.
No objection being made,
The bill was brought before the House upon its
third reading.
