1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
to observe, that in the few remarks which I sub-
mitted upon the question, I took it for granted
that the Executive department of the Government
took no exception whatever to the language used
in this dispatch of the British Minister; that there
was no purpose of censuring it in sending it here;
and that they were satisfied, so far as the courte-
sies of negotiation were concerned, with the lan-
guage which was used. It seems to be proper
that this should be taken into account among other
things, and if they took no exception to it, I can
see no reason why we should.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I move to lay the
subject on the table.
Several Senators. Oh, let i', be referred.
On division, the motion to lay the subject on the
table was rejected, and the message was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
special order, viz: Mr. Clay's series of resolu-
tions.
Mr. WALKER, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for upward of two hours.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator is
not particularly desirous of continuing hi? remarks
at this time, I would propose, as it is now late,
that the subject be postponed.
Mr. WALKER. In consequence of the inter-
ruptions that have taken place, I shall not be able
to conclude to-day.
Mr. DAWSON. The honorable Senator has
been subjected to so many interruptions, that it is
proper, if he will consent to yield for an adjourn-
ment, that he should have another day.
Mr. SEWARD. I will move, then, that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. I should dislike very much to
incur even the appearance of unkindness toward
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin ; but I
must be permitted to remind the Senate that it will
occasion much disappointment, if the distinguished
Senator who has the floor for to-morrow should be
deprived of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. BERRIEN. I knowthere is a general de-
sire that the order that was made for to-morrow
shall be fulfilled, but the Senator who has ad-
dressed the Senate to-day will have possession of
of the floor until his argument is concluded, be-
cause unfinished business overrides all other; and
I hope he will be allowed an opportunity to con-
clude.
Mr. BUTLER. I will suggest, if it be not ob-
jectionable to the Senator, that he resume his re-
marks at twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Wisconsin
accords with this suggestion, I will move that the
subject be postponed until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, and be then made the special order of the
day.
Mr. WALKER assented, and the motion was
agreed to; and the resolutions were accordingly
postponed, and made the special order of the day
for to morrow at twelve o'clock.
POST OFFICE REMOVALS.
The "VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication from the Presi-
dent:
To the Senate of the Unite'] States:
In answer to the inquiries contained in the resolution of
the Senate of the 4th instant, in relation to appointments of
postmasters by the Postmaster General, I send to the Senate
herewith the letter of the Pojtina&tei General, dated on the
oth instant, furnishing the desired information.
Washington, March 6,1850. Z. TAYLOR.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to lay the message
and accompanying documents on the table, and
that they be printed.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to,
and the motion to print the message and accom-
panying documents was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 7,1850-
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the unanimous consent of
the House, to introduce a joint resolution from
the Legislature of New York, in regard to the re-
newal of the patent for Woodworth's planing
machine.
Objection havingJ)een made by Mr. Jones, the
resolution was not introduced.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose, and
referring to the fact that the annual message of the
President of the United States was still under
consideration, in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that it was very important
that that portion of it which related to the census
should be referred to a committee, asked the
unanimous consent of the House, to move that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from that portion of the mes-
sage, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
a question of order, whether the Committee on
the Judiciary would not have the power, indepen-
dently of the reference of this portion of the Presi-
dent's message, to originate a measure or bill, and
to report the same to the House? He did not
think it necessary to have the whole of the mes-
sage referred, before the committees could act. In
his experience here, it had happened, that the
House had spent a whole session, and perfected
legislation, without the annual message of the
President having been referred at all..
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. INGE suggested that the annual message
of the President had been laid aside, in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
committee had taken up the special California
message. Pie presumed that when the House
went into committee, there would be no objection
to taking- up the annual message, and referring it.
He should now object to any business that was
out of the regular order.
The SPEAKER stated what the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson]
was. Unanimous consent would be required to
enable the gentleman to make it.
No objection having been made, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged fiom the farther consideration of so much
of the President's message as relates to the subject
of the census, and it was leferred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BURT insisted on the regular order of busi-
ness, and gave notice that he should hereafter
object to all business out of the regular order.
ENGRAVING.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on En-
graving, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the. Committee on Engraving be, and they
are heieby, authoiized to contract for one thousand four
hundred and titty sets of the maps ami driwing* accompa-
nying the report of the Secretary of War, relative to the
route from Fort Smith to Santa F"<£: Provided, that tlie Cost
shall not exceed three hundred and twenty dollars; .,nd for
six plates to accompany the firt-t part of the Patent Office
Report: Provided) that the cost shall not cxceed sixty-five
dollars per thou-arid feet; and for eleven thousand four
hund ed sets of the maps and drawings accompanying the
message of the President of the United States, relative to
( ahfoinia: Ptovided, the cost shall not exceed twelve hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
THE PATENT OFFICE REPORT, ETC.
Mr. McWILLIE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That thirty thousand copies of the mechanical
portion, and that seventy thousand copies of the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office Report be printed.
Mr. McWILLIE stated, that the reason why
there was a difference in the numbers ordered,
arose from the fact, that the agricultural portion of
the population was much larger than the mechan-
ical; and as the work was represented as being too
large for one volume, the discrimination become
necessary.
Mr. McW. farther stated, that while he had the
floor, he would take the opportunity of noticing an
article which appeared in one of the city papers,
(The Republic,) on yesterday morning. The
charge contained in the paper was against the
Democratic party generally, and, he supposed, the
Committee on Printing specially. It charged
them with having, from improper motives, delayed
the printing of the President's message in relation
to California. The charge of the Republic was
in the following words:
" The President's Answer to the Call of the two
Houses.—Is there any motive in withholding public docu-
ments from Congress and the people? Is it the intention of
its enemies that the Administration shall not com*- bt tore
the people wnh the fact- necessary to explain and vindicate
its course ? If Mr. Calhoun had been in possession, before
making his speech, of the documents communicated to-Con-'
gress, in answer 10 the calls of the two Housfson the Presi-
dent m relation' to California, h« might have thought it hut
an act of justice to the President to modify son-e of his
views arid txpiessions. Mr. Calhoun says:
' f have not seen the answer of the Executive to the calls
( made by the two Houses of Congress lor information a to
4 the couise which it took, or the part which it acted, in ref-
erence to what was done in California. J understand the
( anstvers have not yet been printed. But there is enough
'known to justify the assertion,that those who profess "to
'represent and act under the authority of the Executive,
' have advised, aided, and cm ouraged the movement, which
{terminated m forming what they call a constitution and a
' State.*
'•Now, we ask the American people what kind of justice
toward the President and the Administration they can expect
fioin opposition majorities which make calls upon the Presi-
dent for official papers ; and then, if they do not answer their
purpose, hugger-mugger them up in the printers'closets?
There was a "lone and loud outcry by Mr. Clemens in the
Senate, and Mr. Vertable in the House, for these documents.
The opposition majorities were hot and impatient to pro-
cure them from the President. Clerks wen* employed at a
«rreat expense to make the necessary copies; and when Mr.
Calhoun makes a speech two months afterwaid, 'he un-
derstands that the answers ma e hate not been jnmted
" We protest against fhK kind of warfare. '] he opposi-
tion majorities in "the two branches would have deluged the
country with these documents long since, if they had been
calculated to reflect upon the conduct of President Taylor";
but since they only show that the old man has acted wisely,
prudently, and patiiotically, the documents cannot be pi lut-
ed ! Even a Senator of the United St<ite«. cannot procuie a
< opy to enable him to assail the Administration understand
in<rly. This is shabby and shameful."
Now, Mr. Speaker, (continued Mr. McW.,)
if the editor of the Republic had been as willing to
ascertain the truth, as to abuse the'Democratic
party, or to insinuate that the committee acted
from improper motives, in keeping back the mes-
sage and documents referred to, by calling upon
the public printer, or any member of the joint
committee, either of the Senate or this House,
he would have found that the committee, so far
from suppressing the documents, had oidered the
printing of other documents, which had been
ordered previously to the communication of this
message, to be suspended, and that this message
and document weie now being printed, and would
in a very few days be ready for delivery. The
editor of the Republic, on inquiry, would also
have found, that the message and documents will
make a volume of more than one thousand pages,
and that they could not be printed in a day.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, [Mr. Mc-
Willie,] whether the committee had yet acted on
the resolution heretofore introduced by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] providing
for the distribution of the documents among the
several counties?
Mr. McWILLIE said, that the committee had
had the resolution under its consideration at its
last meeting, and would have it under advisement
again.
Mr. CONGER said, he desired to inquire of the
Chairman of the Committee on Printing, what
number of the report of the Commissioner of
Patents it was proposed to print; and whether it
was proposed that the mechanical and agricultural
portions should be printed and bound separately?
He had heard the remarks of the gentleman very
imperfectly,and did not understand the proposition
of the committee.
Mr. McWILLIE. The committee propose to
print seventy thousand copies of the agricultural
portion, and thirty thousand of the. mechanical;
and that they be printed and bound separately.
Mr. CONGER trusted that this proposition
would not be agreed to. He was for printing the -
largest number of this document, so much sought
for by the country; but it o'ught not to be separ-
ated, and sent abroad in detached portions. The
first, or mechanical, or scientific part, only, of the
regular annual report of the Commissioner of
Patents, had yet been made to the House. At the
time it was presented, now some weeks since, ho
had submitted a motion to^prmt extia copics.
That motion, by the rules of the House, was ne-
cessarily referred to the Committee on Printing;
and he desired to say, in this connection, that he
was surprised that that committee should have
waited so long before making their report. At
the time he submitted the motion, his own judg-
ment was, that a limited number only of this me-
chanical portion—which would fill, as he under-
stood, but about one hundred pages—should be
