1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE,
1571
$r censuring the charity or hospitality of man-
God only knows vi hat the poor w.ould do without
it!—but I am speaking of the rights of man, and
how those rights have been subverted—how the
mere tolerance, charity, or 'permission of the more
favored, has been made to usurp the place of those
right*. Aside from these, the law leaves the land-
less man the right to no place whereon to live, to
rest, or to die; and charity only lends him a grave
in which to repose when dead.
If the legal organism of society thus deprives
thelandles3 of the means of life, how much more
must it deprive him of the means to enjoy or use
his right to freedom? What a mockery is the
souttd or name of freedom to him who has the
right to no place whereon to rest or where to die,
but by permission of another! I would not be
understood to mean that the landless have no in-
dependence—that they are to be bent to base pur-
poses or ends; far from it. I know there are thou-
sands of our countrymen, who have no home or
abiding place of their own, who could not be thus
swerved or bent—they would suffer the chord of
life to be snapped first; but I mean that they do
not possess the means of freedom to control their
'time and labor, or to enjoy their social and domes-
tic rights and relations.
When we come to consider the right of man to
the means of self-subsistence, we approach directly
the inquiry, What are those means ? They are the
means to produce the food—to produce or fabricate j
the clothing—to construct and inhabit the shelter
or mansion, necessary to the right to live; and this
by his own exertions, independent upon charity,
or the permission of any other; and not only for
himself, but for his family also, that the family
circle may be kept intact; and not for the purpose
merely of keeping soul and body together, but for
the further purpose of self-improvement and cul-
ture, and the education of children.
The occupations commonly pursued- to these
ends, are either the mechanic arts or agriculture.
He who exercises a mechanic art for self-subsist-
ence, must have shelter for himself and family;
and to have it, he must have land on which to rest
it; else he will possess one of the means to live, j
not independently, but by permission or suffer- j
ance. if he exercise the pursuit of agriculture, i
he equally requires sh'elter for himself and fami- ;
ly; and besides, he requires an object on which :
to apply his agricultural skill and labor; and this <
object is land. If he have not this of his oton, j
he does not subsist himself, but is subsisted by ■
another through charity; for, though he labor, and,j
earn hard the food, raiment, and shelter he uses
and occupies, the privilege to labor is but a boon i
granted; and it is always granted at a sacrifice J
the part of the laborer, proportioned to his neces-
sities, and the number of those pressed by like!
necessities. If this number be great, and his ne- j
cessities be pressing; if they have reached that \
stage when hunger craves bread—when the vital |
energies demand warmth anu shelter from the ele-
ments, he must either surrender the right of life,
or beg as a charity the privilege of laboring to pre- -
serve it. His right of self-subsistence is already j
denied—he is a pittance slave. His family circle i
being broken up—its members scattered—the edu- j
cation of his children becomes impossible. Sep- j
arated from parental care, influence, and advice— -
subjected to the evil example of the vicious, they j
grow up in debasing ignorance, vice, and squall id j
misery. This would rarely be, if man's right to \
independent self-subsistence were acknowledged and j
practiced upon, by granting his right to land, from |
which to produce food and raiment—on which to 1
establish his home and shelter from the elements, j
as a means of life and freedom, and where to keep i
unbroken the family circle. I
If it be said that the land of the country being ;
granted free to actual settlement, there would still i<
bea class of mere laborers, i answer, I admit the
fact; and further, I claim that it would be neces- i
sary to the beauty and harmony of the system, j
But then, labor would be emancipated; the demand i
would be proportioned to and commensurate with j
the supply; the laborer, nolon^er pinched by hun- :
ger, thirst, and cold, would have the command of i
his own labor. Instead of being under the neces- '
sity, as now, of begging; the poor privilege of labor- j
ing for bread, raiment, and shelter for himself, his i
wife, and children, hie labor would be on a par ,
with other necessaries of society; would be sought j
as they are sought; and the laborer would have i
the pow$r to demand that reward for it which
would not only afford the means of life-—such as
food, clothing, and shelter—but such as would fur«
mshf besides these, the comforts of social and do-
i mestic life, of recreation, mental culture and im-
provement; and a home, where wife, mother, and
children could enjoy protection and comfort, and
offspring be reared in the nurture and admonition
of Heaven, to become useful members of society
and defenders of the State, instead of paupers, va-
grants, felons, or outlaws. £Ias society the right to
deprive itself of these blessings, and to impose upon
itself such curses, at a cost of so much individual
suffering, and the sacrifice of so much individual
freedom, comfort and enjoyment? I think not:
and I hope the hitherto low murmur for reform
may be raised by the people to a voice that may
fores public men to the performance of the duty so
long neglected, of restoring to man, as man, the
God-given right to a home and footing upon earth;
with the right to till the ground, to eat the bread
of free labor, to build his tabernacle there, to sit
down with wife, children, and friends, under his
own roof, without the fefirof molestation.
Am I told that the evils I appVehend are remote r
I answer, to some extent they are upon us now;
that the remainder are not, is but an argument that
we should provide the prevention before they are.
When they have fully come, prevention will be
impossible; and a remedy will require the founda-
tions of society to be torn up, the lands to be dis-
tributed as in France in 1793, to silence the cry for
bread, clothes, and shelter. " Be wise to*day;"
to-morrow, or next year, or in a few years at most,
the public lands will have passed from under your
dominion; they will have passed into the hands of
the few who have the means to buy them; it will
be then too late to lay the foundation of the sys-
tem demanded by the people, and now under con-
sideration. There was a time when the happy
peasant of Ireland saw not the silent operation of
causes which were laying the foundation of the
wretchedness, want, and famine that have now
overtaken his posterity. Because he did not, or
could not cast his eyes into the future, anticipate
the evil, and apply the preventive, his posterity
now, with plenty around them, while able and
willing to toil, must beg the food, raiment, and
shelter necessary to life; and too often failing even
thus to obtain them, must famish and starve. The
same may be said to a great extent of England.
In England and Ireland both, there is a population
of about 30,000,000. Of this population, but about
60,000 are land owners, but one in every five hun-
dred !—one person controlling the soil, while/our
hundred and ninety-nine go without rightful food,
clothing, or shelter, or a spot where they can claim
the right to labor, sleep, or die.
Famine came upon Ireland in 1822-. an appeal
was made in England, and about $1,520,000 were
raised for her relief. During this same year there
was exported from Ireland, in articles of subsist-
ence alone, the value of $22,594,160. These expor-
tations amounted for the years 1821-'2-'3 to more
than $80*000 000; yet thousands starved to death
according to law, and by the legal grace of God !
This could not have happened, if each adult in
Ireland had possessed but one acre to cultivate. But
land monopoly could and did do the work of the
destroying angel, as it is now again doing in that
unhappy country. I tell this Senate now—and
warn it of the fact—that men will never starve to
death in a republic—they will never see their wives
and children starve and die before their eyes in this
Republic, while there is plenty of land to yield sub-
sistence, but which is monopolized to their exclu-
sion. Such things can only be inflicted in a
monarchy— absolute or limited—where political
freedom Is hand-cuffed and manacled by a power
which the people cannot reach. Here there is no
such power; and hence no power to impose upon
Americans, by either positive or negative means,
the unmitigated miseries of European want and des-
titution. England herself cannot much longer im-
pose them—even she is too limited in her powers.
To show more in detail the condition of things
in England and Ireland under the effects of land
monopoly, I will present an extract from the last
address of the et Industrial Congress" of the Na-
tional Reform Association, held at Cincinnati:
" A few examples of me extent of this monopoly mav be
instructive. The following fdft* are reporied fiom the elec-
toral division? of Belmullet and Birminghamstown, both of
the Union ofBeilina and the county of Clare:
■Area       182.376 acres.
Population in 18-11     >22,775 «
Octujmr.-ioi lai.d    .*392 "
Area culnvatrd   ..,2,775 « '
<- Here are ih2,376 acres, only 2,775 of which are the ppo-
ple permitted to cultivate, while, out of 2,775 persons. 392
occupied the whole.'
" The following facts are reported from Newcastle Union,
in the county of Limerick:
Aiea.  171,862 acres.
Population  ,,6O,(J0J "
Land cultivated   '38,72*2 «
" Here we find abundant proof that Great Britain is not
overpopulatpd ; for if 60,0JO persons can live from 38,723
acres, the whole t< rritory ot Newcastle Union will feed over
230,00j. Many other similar statements could be made.
All Ire.and stand;! thus:
Area   20,808,271 acres.
In ciops tot human u<*ein 1847... .5,238,075 "
<£ Here we find only a Imle more than one fourth of the
territory of Ireland cultivated for the support of man. In-
stead, thejf.fore, of there being a necessity of starvation in
Iieland, she has abundant land for the support of at least
three limes hei pie<ent population. Abolish land monopo-
ly, and n can bf- done.
<k We have ih > following facts in relation to England :
Area   32,312,40.) acres.
In cultivation   25.332 000 <•
A'iible and gard u 10,552,600 "
Meadow and pa&tuie 15,397,400 "
" U<-re we see that three fvths of the ex ent cultivated are
devoted to the plea-uies and ajprrandizeroeM ot the wealthy
few, while hut two fifths are cultivated forthesupph of the
millions. Besides all this, 7,000.0. 0 acres are not under cul-
tivation. A writer m one of the London Qtfarteihe® esti-
mates that the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Jretand
can sustain m hiah comfort from 120 to 18 >.000,0^0 people.
And yet they devote hecatombs of human beings as a sacri-
fice Jo Mammon, while the population is uot3u}0Q0,0U0."
Let us now see what effect the same cause has pro-
duced upon the price of labor. The British Gov-
ernment, a few years since, instituted an inquiry
into ih^rate of wages in various couniries in Eu-
rope, and the following table is prepared from the
answers of her consuls, and other documents; and
which I find in trie i4 Statistical Companionpub-
lished in 1848 *
What, sir, is to prevent similar results and con-
sequences here, if things are permitted to proceed
as they are now tending? Nothing. As sure as
redundant population shall come—and come it
will—the few will have possessed themselves of
the permanent means of life; while the million will
be in want, wretchedness, and starvation. Expe-
rience has shown in all countries under the old
systems, that the greater the amount of individual
wealth of which they could boast, the greater
amount was there of corresponding' poverty and
destitution—and the less prospect of relief to the
suffering. So it will be in our country—for the
same causes are operating to make the rich richer,
and the * poor more helplessly poor. But if the*
action and policy of this Governmentshall be such
as to secure its vast domain in limited quantities,
as homes for the landless, free from sale or execu-
tion, and if the States in their policy shall cooper-
ate m achieving this end, these evils will to a great
extent be prevented. One of the duties of the
Siates will be to limit the quantity of land each in-
dividual may hold. If it shall be said that a lim-
itation suited to our present population would not
be suited to the population years hence, I have
only to say in answer, that this difficulty can
easily be met by a system of graduated legislation
to meet exigencies as they arise; trusting that
Providence will send no greater population than
the bosom of the earth will nourish and sustain.
With an area of 1,584,243,200 acres properly dis-
tributed, the day must be remote indeed when
such would not be the case. But if at last a day
shall come to prove that the system has failed—
that it was not perfect, or adtquate to the end—it
will but prove what is known of all human syl-
tems and institutions, that they are not perfect.
I am not a perfectionist—I aim not at perfection.
All I claim is. that we should do what good we
can, and leave the rest to a higher and a wiser
power. Nor am I an "agrarian." The maxim
of the agrarian i«, that while one lacks the neces-
sariei, none should be allowed to enjoy the luxu-
ries of life." This begets a continual and violent
leveling policy, to be deprecated everywhere, and
at all times, i contend only, that man should not
be permitted so speculate or traffic in that which he
cannot produce, or the quantity oj which he cannot in-
crease. i of course use the term ** produce*' in its
ordinary sense, and not in the sense of create—and
I mean to include in it the idea of fabrication, fn
whatever he can pioduce, or in anything lawful
of which he can increase the quantity, heshould
* dee the next page (1572) for this table. -
