4!78
i'HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
moral and political evil. It will not be found, that
either at the North or at the South, there was
much, though there was some, invective against
slavery as inhuman and cruel. The great ground '
of objection to it was political; that it weakened
the social fabric; that, taking the place of free
labor, society was less strong, and labor was less
productive; and, therefore, we find, from all the
eminent men of the time, the clearest expres-
sion of their opinion that slavery was an evil.
And they ascribed it, not without truth, and not
without some acerbity of temper and force of
language, to the injurious policy of the mother
country, who, to favor the navigator, had entailed
these evils upon the colonies. 1 need hardly refer,
sir, to the publications of the day. They are
matters of history on the record. The eminent
men, the most eminent men, and nearly all the
conspicuous of the South, held the same senti-
ments, that slavery was an evil, a blight, a blast,
" a mildew, a scourge, and a curse. There are no
terms of reprobation of slavery so vehement in
the North of that day as in the South. The North
was not so much excited against it as the South,
and the reason is, I suppose, because there svus
much less at the North; and the people did not
see, or think they saw, the evils so prominently
as they were seen, or thought to be seen, at the
South.
Then, sir, when this constitution was framed,
this was the light in which the Convention viewed
it. The Convention reflected the judgment and
sentiments of the great men of the South. A
member of the other house, whom I have not the
honor to know, in a recent speech, has collected
extracts from these public documents. They
prove the truth of what I am saying, and the ques-
tion then was, how to deal with it, and how to
deal with it as an evil? Well, they came to this,
general result. They thought that slavery could
not be continued in the country if the importation
of slaves were made to cease, and therefore they
provided, that after a certain period, the importation
might be prevented by the act of the new Govern-
ment. Twenty yeais was proposed by some
gentleman—a noithern gentleman, I think—and
many of the southern gentlemen opposed it as
being too long. Mr. Madison, especially, was
something warm against it. He said it would
bring too much of this mischief into the country
to allow the impoitation of slaves for such a period,
because we must take along with us, in the whole
of this discussion, when we are considering the
sentiments and opinions in which this constitutional
provision originated, that the conviction of all men
was, thai if the importation of slaves ceased, the
white race would multiply faster than the black jace,
and that slavery would therefore gradually wear
our and expne. It may not be improper here to
allude to that—I had almostsaul celebrated—opinion
of Mr. Madison. You observe, sir, that the term
slave, or slavery, is not used in the Constitution.
The constitution docs not require that "fugitive
slaves" shall be delivered up. it requires that
" persons hound to service m one State, and es-
caping into another, shall be delivered up." Mr.
Madison opposed the introduction of the term
slave, or slavery, into the Constitution; tor he said
he did not wish to see it recognized by the Constitu-
tion of the United Slates of America, that there
could be property m men. Now, sir, all this took
place at the Convention in 1787; but connected
with this—concurrent and contemporaneous—is
another important consideration, not sufficiently
attended to. The Convention, for framing this
Constitution, assembled in Philadelphia in May,
and sat until September, 1787. During all that
time, the Congiess of the United jStates was m
session at New York. It was a matter of design,
as we know, that the Convention should not as-
semble in the same city where Congress was hold-
ing its sessions. Almost ail the public men of the
country, therefore, of distinction and eminence,
weie in one or the other of these two assemblies;
and 1 think it happened in some instances, that the
same gentlemen were members of both. If I mis-
take not, such was the case of Mr. Rufus King,
then a member of Congress from Massachusetts,
and at the same time a member of the Convention
to fiame the Constitution from that State. Now,
it was m the summer of 1787, the very time when
the Convention in Philadelphia was framing this
Constitution, that the Congress in New York was
framing the ordinance of 1787. They passed that
ordinance on the 13th July, 1787, at New York,
the very month—perhaps the very day—on which
these questions about the importation of slaves, and
the character of slavery, were debated in the Con-
vention at Philadelphia. And, so far as we can
now learn, there was a perfect concurrence of
opinion between these respecuves bodies; and it
resulted in thisordinanceof 1787, excludingslavery,
as applied to all the territory over which the Con-
gress of the United States had jurisdiction, and
that was, all the territory northwest of the Ohio.
Three years before, Virginia and other States
had made a cession of that great territory to the
United States. And a most magnificent act it was.
I never reflect upon it without a disposition to do
honor and justice—and justice would be the high-
est honor—to Virginia for that act of cession of
her northwestern territory. I will say, sir, it is
one of her fairest claims to the respect and grati-
tude of the United States, and that perhaps it is
only second to that other claim which attaches to
her : that in her counsels, and from the intelligence
and patriotism of her leading statesmen, proceeded
the first idea, put into practice, for the formation of
a general Constitution of the United States. Now,
sir, the ordinance of 1787 applied thus to the whole
territory over which the Congress of the United
States had jurisdiction. It was adopted nearly
three years before the Constitution of ihe United
States went into operation; because the ordinance
took effect immediately on its passage, while the
Constitution of the United States, having been
framed, was to be sent to the States to be adopted
by their Conventions; and then a Government had
to be organized under it. This ordinance, then,
was in operation and force when the Constitution
was adopted, and this Government put in motion,
in April, 1789.
Mr. President, three things are quite clear as
historical truths. One is, that there was an expec-
tation that on the ceasing of the importation of slaves
from Africa, slavery would begin to run out. That
was hoped and expected. Another is, that as far
as there was any power in Congress to prevent
the spread of slavery in the United States, that
power was executed in the most absolute manner
and to the fullest extent. An honorable member
whose health does not allow him to be here to-
day 
A Sknator. He is here. (Referring to Mr.
Calhoun.)
Mr. WEBSTER. I^am very happy to hear
that he is—may he long be in health and the en-
joyment of it to serve his country—said the other
day, that he considered this as the first in the series
of measures calculated to enfeeble the South, and
deprive them of their just participation in the ben-
efits and privileges of this Go\ eminent. He says,
very properly, that it was done under the old Con-
federation, and before this Constitution went into
effect; but, my present purpose is only to say,
Mr. Piesident, that it was done with the entire and
unanimous concurrence of the whole South. Why,
there it stands! The vote of every State in the
Union was unanimous in favor of the ordinance,
with the exception of a single individual vote, and
that individual was a northern man. But, sir,
the ordinance abolishing or rather prohibiting
slavery northwest of the Ohio, has the hand and
seal of every southern member in Congress.
This was the state of things, sir, and this the
state of opinion under which those tao very im-
portant matters were arranged, and those two im-
portant things done; that is, the establishment of
the Constitution, with a recognition of slavery as it
existed in the States, and the establishment of the
ordinance prohibiting, to the full extent of all ter-
ritory owned by the United States, the mtrodution
of slavery into those territories. And heie, sir,
we may pause. We may reflect for a moment
upon the entire coincidcnce and concurrence of
sentiment between the North and the South upon
this question, at the period of the adoption of the
Constitution. But opinions, sir, have changed 
greatly changed—changed North and changed
South. Slavery is not regarded in the South now
as it was then. I see an honorable member of this
body paying me the honor of listening to my re-
maiks; he brings to me, sir, fieshiy and vividly
the sentiments of his great ancestor, so much dis-
tinguished in his day'and generation, so worthy
to be succeeded by so worthy a grandson, with all
the sentiments he expressed m the Convention in
Philadelphia, on this subject.
Here we may pause. There was unanimity
of sentiment, if not a general concurrence of senti-
ment, running through the whole community, and
especially entertained by the eminent men of all
portions of the country, in regard to this subject.
But soon a change began at the North and the
South, and a severance of opinion soon showed
itself—the North growing much more warm and
syrong against slavery, and the South growing*
much more warm and strong in its support. Sir,
there is no generation of mankind whose opinions
are not subject to be influenced by what appears
to them to be their present, and emergent, and
exigent interest. I impute to the South no par-
ticularly interested view, in the change which has
come over her. I impute to her certainly no dis-
honest view. All that has happened has been
natural. It has followed those causes which
always influence the human mind and operate
upon it. What, then, have been the causes which
have created so new a feeling in favor of slavery
in the South—which have changed the whole nom-
enclature of the South on the subject—and from
being thought of and described in the terms I have
mentioned, but will not repeat, it has now become
an institution, a cherished institution there; no evil,
no scourge, but a great religious, social, and moral
blessing,as I think I have heard it laterly described ?
I suppose this, sir, is owing to the sudden uprising
and rapid growth of the cotton plantations of the
South. So far as any motive of honor, justice,
and general judgment could act, it was the cotton
interest that gave a new desire to promote slavery,
to spread it and to use us labor. I again say that
this is produced by the causes, which we must
always expect to produce like effects—their whole
interests became connected with it. If we look back
to the history of the commerce of this country, at
the early commencement of this Government, what
were our exports? Cotton was hardly, or but to
a very limited extent, known. The tables will
show that the exports of cotton for the years 1790
and '91, were hardly more than forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars a year. It has gone on increasing rap-
idly until it may now be, perhaps, m a season of
great product and high prices, a hundred millions
of dollars. Then there was more of wax, more
of indigo, more of rice, more of almost everything
exported from the South, than of cotton. 1 think
I have heard it said, when Mr. Jefferson negoti-
ated the treaty of 1794 with England, he did not
know that cotton was exported at all from the
United States; and I have heard it said, that after
the treaty, which gave to the United States the
right to carry their own commodities to England
in their own ships, the custom-house in London
refused to admit cotton, upon an allegation that it
could not be an American production, there being,
as they supposed, no cotton raised in America.
They would hardly think so now!
Well, sir, wc know what follows. The age of
cotton became a golden age for our southern breth-
ren. It gratified their desire for improvement and
accumulation, at the same time that it excited it.
The desire grew by what it fed upon, and there
soon came to be an eagerness for other territory—
a new area or new areas for the cultivation of the
cotton crop; and measures were brought about,
somewhat rapidly, one after another, under the
lead of southern men at the head of the Govern-
ment—they having a majority in both branches of
the Government—to accomplish their ends. The
honorable member from Carolina observed, that
there has been a majority all along in favor of the
North. If that be true, sir, the Norfh acted either
very liberally and kindly, or very weakly; for they
never exercised that majority five times in the his-
tory of the Government. Never. Whether they
were out-generalled, or whether it was owins: to
other causes, I shall not stop to consider, but no
man acquainted with the history of the country
can deny, that the general lead m the politics of
the countiy, for thiee-foui ths of the period that
has elapsed since the adoption of the Constitution,
has been a southern lead. In 1802, in pursuit of
the idea of openinganew cotton region, the United
States obtained a cession from Georgia of the
whole of her western territory, now embracing
the rich and growing State of Alabama. In 1803
Louisiana was purchased from France, out of
which the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri have been framed as slaveholdmg States.
In 1819 the cession of Florida was made, bringing
another cession of slaveholding property and terri-
