1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
tory. Sir, the honorable member" from South
Carolina thought he saw in certain operations of
the Government, such as the manner of collecting
the revenue and the tendency of those measures to
promote emigration into the country, what ac-
counts for the more rapid growth of the North
than the South. He thinks they were not the
operation of time, but of the system of Govern-
ment established under this Constitution. That
is a matter of opinion. To a certain extent, it may
be so; but it does seem to me, that if any operation,
of the Government could be shown in any degree
.to have promoted the population,and growth, and
weakh of the .North, it is much more sure that
there are sundry.important and distinct operations
of the Government, about which no man can doubt,
tending to promote, and which absolutely have
promoted, the increase of the slave interest, and the
slave territory, of the South. Allow me to say,
that it was nbt time that brought in Louisiana; it
was the act of men. It was not time that brought
in Florida; it was the act of men And lastly,
sir, to complete those acts of men, who have con-
tributed so much to enlarge the area and the sphere
of the institution of slavery, Texas—great, and vast,
and illimitable Texas—was added to the Union, as
a slave State, in 1845; and that, sir, pretty much
closed the whole chapter and settled the whole
account. That closed the whole chapter—that
settled the whole account—because the annexation
of Texas, upon the conditions and under the guar-
antees upon which she was admitted, did not leave
an acrc of land, capable of being cultivated by slave
labor, between this Capitol and the Rio Grande, or
the Nueces, or whatever is the proper boundary
of Texas—not an acre, not one. From that mo-
ment, the whole country from here to the western
boundary of Texas, was fixed, pledged, fastened,
decided to be slave territory forever, by the solemn
guaranties of law. And I now say, sii, as the
proposition upon which I stand this day, and
upon the truth and firmness of which I intend to
act until it is overthrown, that there is not, at this
moment, within the United States, or any territory
of the United States, a single foot of land, the char-
acter of which, in regard to its being free-soil ter-
ritory or slave territory, is not fixed by some law,
and some irrepealable law, beyond the powerof the |
action of this Government. Now, is it not so j
with respect to Texas? Why, it is most mani- ]
festly so. The honorable Senator from South
Carolina, at the time of the admission of Texas,
held an important post in the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government; he was Secretary of
State. Another eminent person, of great activity
and adroitness in affairs—I mean the late Secre-
tary of the Treasury, (Mr. Walker)—was a lead-
ing member of this body, and took the lead in the
business of annexation; and 1 must say that they
did their business faithfully; there was no botch
in it. They rounded it off, and made as close
joiner-work as ever was put together. Resolu-
tions .if annexation were brought into Congress
fitly joined together—compact, firm, efficient, con-
clusive upon the great object which they had in
view.
Allow me to read one of these resolutions. It is
the third clause of the second section of the res-
olution of the 1st March, 1845, for the admission
of Texas. That clause reads in these words;
" New States, of convenient size, not exceeding four in
number, in addition to said State of Texas and having suffi-
cient population, ruay hereafter, by the consent of State,
be formed oulol llie territoiy thereof, which ^b.ilt be entitled
to admis.-ion umkr the pioviMons of theFedeial Constitu-
tion. And such States as may be formed oui of that poition
of said teiritory Ivnig south nt 30° 30' noilh latitude, com-
monly known a;-"the Mi^soun compromise line,shall be ad-
mitted into the Union, with or witlioutsiaveiy, as the people
of each tate, asking admission, may desire; and m suell
State or States as sliail be formed out of said territory north
of said Mi souri compromise line, slavery or involuntary
servitude (except tor crime) shall he prohibited."
Now what is here slipulated, enacted, secured ?
It is, that all Texas south of 36° 30', which is
nearly the whole of it, shall be admitted into the
Union as a slave State—it was a slave State,
and therefore came in as a slave State—and that
new States shall be made out of it; and that^such
States as are formed out of that portion of Texas
lying south of 36° 30', may come in as slave
States, to the number of foui, in addition to the
State then in existence, and admitted at that time
by these resolutions. 1 know no mode of legis-
lation which can strengthen that. I know no
mode of recognition that can add a tittle of weight
to it. I listened respectfully to the resolutions of
my honorable friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
He proposed to recognize that stipulation with
Texas. But any additional recognition would
weaken the force of it, because it stands here on
the ground of a contract for a consideration. It is
a law founded on a contract with Texas, and des-
tined to carry that contract into effect. A recog-
nition founded on any consideration,and any con-
tract, would not be so strong as it now stands oil
the face of the resolution. Now, I know no way,
I candidly confess) in which this Government,
acting in good faith, as I trust it always will, can
relieve itself from that stipulation and pledge, by
any honest course of legislation whatever. And,
therefore, I say again, that so far as Texas is con-
cerned—the whole of Texas south of ,36° 30',
which I suppose embraces all the slave terutory—
there is no land, not an acre, the character of
which is not established by law—a law which
cannot be repealed without the violation of a con-
tract. #
I hope,sir, it is now apparent, that my proposi-
tion, so far as Texas is concerned, has been main-
tained, and the provisionm this article—and it has
been well suggested by my friend from Rhode
! Island, that that part of T.-xas which lies north of
thirty-four degrees of north latitude may be formed
into three Slates—is dependant in like manner
upon the consent of Texas, herself a slave State.
Well, now, sir, how came it?—how came it,
thai within these walls, where it is said by the
honorable member from South Carolina, the free
States have a majority—that this resolution of an-
nexation, such as I have described it, found a
majority in both Houses of Congress > Why,
! sir, it found that majority by the vast addition of
! northern votes added to the entire southern vote,
i or, at least, nearly the whole of the southern votes.
It was made up of northern as well as of southern
votes. In the House of Representatives it stood,
I think, about eighty southern votes for the admis-
sion of Texas, and about fifty northern votes for
the admission of Texas. In the Senate the vote
stood for the admission of Texas twenty-seven,
and twenty-five against it; and of those twenty-
seven viotes, constituting a majority for the admis-
sion of Texas, in this body, no less than thirteen
of them came from the free States—four of them
were from New England. I'he whole of these
thirteen Senators, from the ftee States—within a
fraction you see of. one-half of all the votes in
this body for the admission of Texas, with its
immeasurable extent of slave territory—were sent
to this body by free-soil votes.
Sir, there is not so remarkable a chapter in our
history of political events, political parties, and
political men, as is afforded by this measure for
the admission of Texas, with this immense ter-
ritory, over which a bird can not fly in a week.
[Laughter.] Sir, New England, with some of her
votes, supported this measure. Thiee-fourths of
the votes of liberty-loving Connecticut went for it
in the other House, and one-half here. There
was one vote for it in Maine, but I am happy to
say, not the vote of the honorable member who
< addressed the Senate the day before yesterday,
j [Mr. Hamlin,] and who was then a Representative
I from Maine in the other House: but there was a
I vote or two from Maine—ay, and there was one
1 vote for it in Massachusetts, the gentleman then
representing and now living in the district, in which
the prevalence of free-soil sentiment for a couple
of years or so, has defeated the choice of any
member to represent it in Congress. Sir, that
body of northern and eastern men, who gave those
votes at that time, are now seen taking upon them-
selves, in the nomenclature of politics, the appel-
lation of the northern Democracy. They under-
took to wield the destinies of this empire—if I
may call a republic an empire—and their policy
was, and they persisted m it, to bring into this
country all the territory they could. They did it
under pledges—absolute pledges to the slave inter-
est in the ease of Texas, and afterward m the
case of these new conquests. My honorable friend
fiom Georgia, in March, 1847, moved the Senate
to declare that the war ought not be prosecuted
for acquisition, for conquest, for the dismember-
ment of Mexico. The same northern Democ-
racy entirely voted against it. He did not get a
vote from them. It suited the views, the patriot-
ism, the elevated sentiments of the northern De-
mocracy, to bring m a world here, among the
mountains and valle-ys of California and New
Mexico, or any other part of Mexico, and then
quarrel about it—to bring it in, and then tp put
upon it the saving grace of the Wilmot pro-
viso. There were two eminent and highly respect-
able gentlemen from the north and east, then lead-
ing getlemen in the Senate—I refer, and I do so
with entire respect, for I entertain for both of those
gentlemen in general, high regard, to Mr. Dix of
New York, and Mr. Ntles of Connecticut—who
voted for the admission of Texas. They would
not have that vote any other way thaB.$s it stood;
and they would have it as it did standi I speak
of the vote upon the annexation of Texas. Those
two gentlemen would have the resolution of an-
nexation just as it is, and they voted for it just as
it is, and their eyes were all open to it. My hon-
orable friend, the member who addressed us the
other day from South Carolina, was then Secre-
tary of State. His correspondence with Mr.
Murphy, the charge d'affaires of the United Slates
in Texas, had been published. That correspond-
ence was all before those gentlemen, and the Sec-
retary had the boldness and candor to avow in
that correspondence, that the great object sought by
the annexation of Texas was to strengthen the
slave interest of this country. 'Why, sir, he said,
in so many words 
Mr. CALHOUN. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am very reluctant to in-
terrupt the honorable gentleman; but, upon a
point of so much importance, I deem it right
to put myself rectus. I did not put it upon the
ground assumed by trie Senator. I put it upon
this ground; that Great Britain had announced to
this country, ill so many words, that her object
was to abolish slavery in Texas, and through
Texas, to accomplish the abolishment of slavery m
the United Slates and the world. The ground I
put it on was, that it would make an exposed fron-
tier, and, if Great Britain succeeded in her object,
it would be impossible that that fiontter could be
secured against the aggression of the Abolitionists;
and that this Government was bound, under the
guaranties of the Constitution, to protect us
against such a state of things.
Mr. WEBSTER. That comes, I suppose, sir,
to exactly the same thing. It was, that Texas
must be obtained for the security of the slave in-
terest of the South.
Mr. CALHOUN. Another view is very dis-
tinctly given.
Mr. WEBSTER. That was the object set
forth in the correspondence of a worthy gentleman
not now living, who preceded the honorable mem-
ber from South Carolina m that office. There re-
pose on the files of the Department of State, as I
have occasion to know, strong letters from Mr.
Upsher to the United States Minister in England,
and I believe there are some to the same minister
from the honorable Senator himself, asserting to
this extent the sentiments of this Government, tnat
Great Britain was expected not to interfere to take
Texas out of'the hands of its then existing gov-
ernment, and make it a free country. But my ar-
gument—my suggestion is this: that those gentle-
men who composed the northern Democracy, when
Texas was brought into the Union, saw with alt
their eyes, that it was brought in as a slave coun-
try, and brought m for the purpose of being main-
tained, as slave territory, to the Greek Kalends. I
rather think the honorable gentleman, who was
then Secretaiy of State, might, in some of his cor-
respondence with Mr. Murphy, have suggested
: that it was not expedient to say too much about
this object, that it might create some alarm; but,
i sir, he did avow it boldly and manfuily;,he did
j not disguise his conduct.
I Mr. CALHOUN. Never, never,
j Mr. WEBSTER. What he means he is very
! apt to say.
i Mr. CALHOUN. Always, always.
S Mr. WEBSTER. And I honor him for it.
i This was in 1845. Then, in 1847, flagrante hello
between the United States and Mexico, the prop-
i osition I have mentioned^ was brought forward by
my friend from Georgia—the northern Democracy
voting straight ahead against it. Their remedy
was to apply to the acquisitions, after ihev should
come in, the Wilmost proviso. What follows?
These two gentlemen, worthy and honorable, and
influential men—and if they had not. been-, they
