480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
could not 'have carried the measure—these two
gentlemen, members of this body, brought in
Texas, and by their votes {hey prevented the pas-
sage of the resolution of the honorable member
from Georgia, and then they went home and took
the lead in the Free-Soil party. And there they
stand, sir! They leave us here, bound in honor
and conscience by the resolutions of annexation;
they leave us here to take the odium of fulfilling
the obligations, in favor of slavery, which they
voted us into, or else the greater odium of violating
those obligations while they are at home making
rousing and capital speeches for free soil and no
slavery. [Laughter.] And therefore 1 say, sir,
that there is not a chapter in our history, respect-
ing public measures' and public men, more full of
what should create surprise—more full of what
does create, in my mind,extreme mortification—
than that of the conduct of this northern Democ-
racy.
Mr. President, sometimes, when a man is found
in a new relation to things around him, and to
other men, he says that the world has changed,
and thathe has not changed. 1 believe, sir, thatour
self-respect leads us often to make this declaration
in regard to ourselves, when it is not exactly true.
An individual is more apt to change, perhaps, than
all tho world around him is to change. But, under
the present circumstances, and under the respon-
sibility which I know I incur by what I am now
stating; here, I feel at liberty to recur to the various
expressions and statement, made at various times,
of my own opinions and resolutions respecting the
admission of Texas, and all that has followed.
Sir, as early as 1836, or in the earlier part of 1837,
a matter of conversation and correspondence be-
tween myself and some private friends, was this
project of annexing Texas to the United States;
and an honorable gentleman, with whom I have
had a long acquaintance, a friend of mine, now
perhaps m this chamber—I mean Gen. Hamilton,
of South Carolina—was knowing to that corie-
spondence. I had voted for the recognition of Texan
independence, because I believed it was an exist-
ing fact, surpnsing and astonishing as it was, and
I wished well to the new Republic; but J manifest-
ed from the first, utter opposition to bringing her
with her territory into the Union. I had occasion,
sir, in 1837, to meet friends in New York, on some
political occasion, and 1 then stated my sentiments
upon the subject. It was the first time that I had
occasion to advert to it; and I will ask a friend near
me to do me the favor to read an extract from the
speech, for the Senate may find it rather tedious to
listen to the whole of it. It was delivered in JNib-
lo's Garden in 1837.
Mr. Greene then read the following extract
from the speech of the honorable Senator, to which
he referred:
" Gentleman, we all see that, by whomsoever possessed,
Texas likely to bti a slavehohhnj: couutrj; ami i frankly
avow my entiie unwilliu n« ^s to do an> thing which shall
extern! the slav<r\ ot tin; African race on tin* continent, or
add oihi-r s!avehohhn  Slates to the Union.
" When [ -ay that I jegaid slavery in itself as a great
mor.it, social, and polttie.d t vit, I only us'e language winch
has been adopted by distinguished men, themselves citizens
of si velioiding Stales.
"I shall do nothing, therefore, to favor oY encourage its
farther extension. We have slavery already among in,.
The Constitution found it among u>; it lecognized it, and
gave it solemn guai.mue*.
" To the lull extent of these guarantiee, u e aie all bound
in honor, in ju-nce, a.id by the Constitution. All the stipu-
lation^ contained in the Constitution in favor of the shive-
hnidiitg St.ues, which are already m the Union, ought to be
fulfilled, and, -o !.<r as depend* on me, shall be fulfilled in
the fullm ps of their spirit, and to the exactness of their let-
ter. Slaveiy, as it exists in tlm States, is ^eyond the reach
of Omgrej,*, it is a concern of the States themselves. rlhey
htve never submitted it to Congress, and Congress has no
rightful power over it. *
I shall concur, therefore, in no act, no measure, no men-
ace, no indication of purpose which shall inletfere or
tlirea en to mteitcie with the exclusive authority of the
seveiaf St;tfev over the Mitijfct of slavery, a* it - xists within
th< ir respective limits. AH this appears to me to be matter
of plain and imperative duty.
<l But when we come to speak of admitting new States,
the subject assume-- on entirely different aspect. Our rights
and nui duties are then both different. * * *
u I see, therefore, no political necessity for theam>e>a']on
of Texas to the Union—no advantages to l ; derived fn in
it; and objections to it of a strong, a/id, m my judgment, or
ad c sive character."
Mr. WEBSTER. I have nothing, sir, to add
to, nor to take hack from, those sentiments. That,
the Senate will ppiceive, was in 1837. The pur-
pose of immediately annexing Texas, at that time,
was abandoned or postponed; and it was not re-
vived, with any vi^or, for seme years. In the
mean time, it had so happenened, that I had be-
come a member of the Executive Administration,
and was, for a short period, in the Department of
State. The annexation of Texas, had become a
subject of conversation— not confidential—with the
President and heads of Departments, as well as
with other public men. No serious attempt was
then made to bring it about. I left the Depart-
ment of State in May, 1843, and shortly after, I
learned, though no way connected with official in-
formation, that a design had been taken up, of
bringing in Texas, with her slave territory and
population, into the United States. I was here,
in Washington, at the time; and the persons are
now here who will remember, that we had an ar-
ranged meeting for conversation upon it. 1 went
home, to Massachusetts, and proclaimed the ex-
istence of that purpose ; but I could get no au-
dience, and but little attention. Some did not be-
lieve it, and some were engaged in their own pur-
sues. They had gone to their farms, or to their
merchandise, and it was impossible to arouse any
sentiment in New England or in Massachusetts
that should combine the two great policol parties
against this annexation; and, indeed, there was
no hope of bringing the northern Democracy into
that view, for the leaning was all the other way.
But, sir, even with Whigs, and leading Whigs, I
am ashamed to say, there was a great indilference
toward the admission of Texas, with slave terri-
tory, into this Union. It went on. I was then
out of Congress. The annexation resolution
passed the 1st of March, 1845. Texas complied
with them; the Legislature of Texas complied
with the conditions, and accepted the guaranties;
for the phraseology of the language of the resolu-
tion is, that Texas is to come in if upon the con-
ditions, and under the guaranties, herein pre-
scribed." 1 happened to be returned to the Senate
in March, 1845, and was here in December, 1845,
when the acceptance by Texas, of the conditions
proposed by Congress, were laid before us by the
President; and an act,for the consummation of the
connection, was laid before the two Houses. The
connection was not completed. A final law,doing
the deed of annexation, ultimately, had not been
passed; and when it was upon its final passage
here, 1 expressed my opposition to it, and re-
corded my vote in the negative; and there that
vote stands, with the observations that I made
upon that occasion. It happened, that between
1837 and this time, on various occasions and op-
portunities, I had expressed my entire opposition
to the admission of slave States, or the acquisition
of new slave territories, to be added to the United
States. I know, sir, no change in my own senti-
ments, or my own purposes, in that respect. I
will now, again,ask my friend from Rhode Island,
to read another extract from a speech of mine,
made at a Whig Convention, in Springfield, Mas-
sachusetts, in the month of September, 1847.
Mr. Greene here read the following extract:
" We hear much just now of a j>an<tcca for the dangers
and eviU of slavery and clave annexation, which they call
the ' WUmot Proiiso.' That certainly is a just sentiment,
but it it? not a sentiment to tournl any new paitv upon. It
i> not a sentiment on which Massachusetts Whigs differ.
There is not a man in this hall who holds to it more nrmly
limit I do, nor one who adheies to it more than another.
«■ I feel some little inteust in thw matter, sir. Did not 1
commit mj self tn lt38 to the whole doetnne, fullv, entirely?
And I mu-t b« permitted to say, lhat \ cannot quite con-ent
thut more r« cent di-coveiers should chum .lie mem and take
out a patent.
" I deny the priority of their invention. Allow me to say.
sir, it is not their thunder. * * *
"Wo arc to use the first, and la?t, and every occasion
which offers, to oppose the extension ol stave power.
*kBut I speak ot it here, as in Congress, as a political
qu< stton—a question for statesmen to act upon. We must
so regard it. I certainly do not mean to sa> that it less
impoitant in a moral pointof" view—that it is not moie im-
portant in many other points of view; hut, as a legislator
or in any official capacity, I mu-t look at if, consider it, and
decide it, as a matter ot political action."
Mr. WERSTER, On other occasions, in de-
bates here, I have expressed my determination to
vote for no acquisition, or cession, or annexation,
North or South, East or West. My opinion has
been, that we have territory enough, and that we
should follow the Spartan maxim, " Improve,
adorn what you have, seek no farther." I think
that it was in some observations that I made here
on the three million loan bill, that 1 avowed that
sentiment In short, sir, the sentiment has been
avowed quite an often, in as many places, and
before as many assemblages, as any of the humble
sentiments of mine ought to be avowed.
But now that, under certain conditions, Texas
is in with all her territories, as a slave State, with a
solemn pledge that ifshe is divided into many States,
those States may come in as slave States south of
36° 30', how are we to deal with it? I know no
way of honorablelegislation, but, when the proper
time comes for the enactment, to carry into effect
all that we have stipulated to do. I do not entirely
agree with niy honorable friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] that, as soon as the time comes when
she is entitled to another Repreeen tative, we should
create a new State. The rule in -regard to it I
take to be this: that when we have created new
States out of territories, wc have generally gone
upon the idea, that when there is population enough
to form a State—sixty thousand, or some such
tiling—we would create a State; but it may be
thought quite a different thir.g when a State is di-
vided, and two or mote States made out of it. It
does not follow, in such a case, that the same rule
of apportionment should be applied. That, how-
ever, is a matter for the consideration of Congress
when the proper time arrives. I may not be here—
1 may have no vote to give on the occasion; but I
wish it to be distinctly understood to-day, that
according to my view of the matter, this Govern-
ment is solemnly pledged, by law, to create new
States out of Texas, with her consent, when her
population shall justify such a proceeding, and so
far as such States are formed out of Texan terri-
tory lying south of 36° 3(J', to let them come in
as slave States. That is the meaning of the reso-
lution which our friends, the northern Democracy,
have left us to fulfill; and I, for one, mean to fulfill
it, because I will not violate the faith of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, as to California and New Mexico, I hold
slavery to be excluded from those territories by a
law even superior to that which admits and sanc-
ions it in Texas—I mean the law of nature—of
physical geography—the law of the formation of
the earth. That law settles forever, with a strength
beyond all terms of human enactment, thatslaverv
cannot exist in California or New Mexico. Un-
derstand me, sir—I mean slavery as we regard it;
slaves in the gross, of the colored race, transfera-
ble by sale and delivery, like other property. I
shall not discuss that point. I leave it to the learned
gentlemen who have undertaken to discuss it; but
I suppose there is no slave of that description in
California now. I understand that peonism, a sort
of penal servitude, exists there; or, rather, a
voluntary sale of a man and his offspring for debt,
as it is arranged and exists in some parts of Califor-
nia and New Mexico. But what I mean to say is,
that African slavery, as we see it among us, is as
utterly impossible to find itself, or to be found in
Mexico, as any other natural impossibility. Cali-
fornia and New Mexico are Asiatic in their forma-
tion and scenery. The,y are composed of vast
ridges of mountains, of enormous height, with
sometimes broken ridges and deep valleys. The
sides of these mountains are barren—entirely bar-
ren—their tops capped by perennial snow. There
may be in California, now made free by its con-
stitution—and no doubt there are—some tracts of
valuable land. But it is not so in New Mexico.
Pray, what is the evidence which any gentleman
has obtained on this subject, from information
sought by himself or communicated by others? 1
have inquired, and read all I could, to obtain infor-
mation on this subject. What is there in New
Mexico that could by any possibility induce any
body to go there with slaves? Theie are some
narrow strips of tillable land on the borders of the
rivers; but the rivers themselves dry up before mid-
summer is gone. All that the people can do is to
raise some little article*—some little wheat for their
tortillas—and all that by irrigation. And who
expects to see a hundred black men cultivating
tobacco, corn, cotton, rice, or anything else, on
lands in New Mexico, made fertile only by irriga-
tion? I look Upon it, therefore, as a fixed fact, to
use an expression current to the day, that both
California and New Mexico are destined to be
free, so far as they are settled at all, which 1 be-
lieve, especially in regard to New Mexico, will bo
very little for a great length of ti me—free by the
arrangement of things by the Power above us. I
have therefore to say, in this respect also, that this
country is fixed for freedom, to as many persons
as shall ever live there, by as irrepealable and
a more irrepealable law, than the law that attaches
to the right of holding slaves in Texas; and i will
