isii
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBi.
Aug. m,
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Mississippi
appeals .to me, as 1 understand, whether I on a
former occasion was not advised with on the ex-
pediency of allowing other measures to take the
precedence of the fugitive slave bill.
Mr. FOOTE. On taking up the fugitive slave
bill at once.
Mr. MASON. I really do not recollect; months
have elapsed since the time to which he refers.
The subject of the report of the committee of thir-
teen and various other matters came up and carried
' the fugitive slave bill along with them. What
subsequent conversation there may have been with
reference to giving precedence to this measure or
that, I do not recollect. 1 do recollect that when
the reportof the Committee of Thirteen was made,
we took up the bill reported by that committee,
and we have been engaged upon it ever since.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to pat myself entirely
right with reference to this fugitive slave bill, and
1 will make my statements explicit, upon which I
know I may rely. My opinions are just the same
now, as when the gentleman from Mississippi
says he was in favor of tailing it up. Why he is
not so no\y, I cannot understand. But as chair-
man of the committee, I desired to have it taken
up before the bill of the committee of thirteen was
brought here. It was while we were-engaged m
the discussion of the fugitive slave bill that that
committee made their report, and brought their bill
before us. I was anxious that the fugitive slave
bill should be taken up, upon the termination of
the bill known as the omnibus bill. It was impos-
sible that I, as chairman of the committee, could
have got up the slave bill during the pendency of
the omnibus bill. How could I, as chairman of
the committee, or as a southern man, have taken
up that bill ?'Would the Senator from Mississippi
have consented at any time that it should be taken
up during the time the omnibus bill was under dis-
cussion ? I presume not. He says he was in
favor of it at one time. 1 ask him to give any
reason now why he is not. I see no reason, ex-
cept the change of time, which could actuate him
then, and which should not now. lam not dis-
posed to throw a firebrand or any thing else here
to disturb the deliberations of this body; but 1 feel
it my duty, as chairman of the committee, to ask
that the bill be taken up. I do not know that I shall
take any part in discussing it, as 1 have not ihe
highest degiee of confidence in the efficacy of the
bill) especially as it is proposed to be modified.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remind
Senators that the proposition is to postpone the
territorial bill.
Mr. POOTE. I understand so; and I was be-
fore giving reasons why the fugitive slave bill
should not be taken up in preference to this bill.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina mis-
Understood me with reference to the time to which
I alluded. 1 had reference to a time anterior to
the report of the Committee of Thirteen. At that
period I went to various Senators, and, among
others, to the Senator from South Carolina, anil
urged him to lake prompt action on the subject
of the slave bill. It was generally desired by
gentlemen from the South, anil I thought it neces-
sary that early action should be taken on that bill.
He never refused to do so, nor manifested any op-
position to it; certain it is that he took no decided
action upon it at the early period when it was so
strongly desired by me and others. I am not ac-
cusing him at all; I only say that the fugitive
slave bill has not been delayed bccause there has
been a spirit of hostility to the South stall. 1
wish the true history of the case to be Ifhown to
the country, believing.and feeling sure that if the
facts were known they would be appreciated, and
would prevent that sort of dissatisfaction which
might otherwise spring up.
I will say, in conclusion, that, when taken up,
I have no doubt the fugitive slave bill will assume
a shape entirely satisfactory to the South; indeed
I know it from conversations I have had with va-
rious members of the Senate. I would vote for
taking up the bill now with great pleasure, if it
were not that the other bitl is more nearly in a
state of perfection, and I believe we could pass it
in an hour. Then we can all unite with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina in taking up and passing
the fugitive slave bill, and sending it to the other
House, so that they may have them all to act upon
together. Although our great compromise plan
could not be adopted in the form in which it was
presented, it may be acted upon in a fragmentary
form, and that will be the case, I have no doubt.
The public sentiment in the country and in Con-
gress is in favor of the setllement of all these
questions very much on the princfple contained in
the compromise bill, and to that the victory se-
cured by their final passage will at last redound.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to say that 1 refused to take
up the bill.
Mr. FOOTE I stated that the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina did not refuse, but that I
thought he had never manifested any solicitude to
take up the Gill; that I thought him to be tardy in
his movements, and that he had failed to acquiesce
in a proposition which I had made to him in refer-
ence to the bill. I will state another fact. It was
the opinion of various southern Senators that it
was inexpedient to settle that particular point;
that the South had other great contests; and that
it was better to have a broad than a narrow ground
of action.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Mississippi
says that I was not quite so quick as he was in
his movements. Sir, 1 believe that there are very
few of us here who are able to keep up with him,
either in ardor or in speed. [Laughter.] I never
did refuse to take up the bill; but at the same time
I must say 1 never attached so much importance
to it as others have done; but in good faith I have
endeavored to bring it up as chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee throughout.
Mr. DICKINSON. It seems to me that these
bills will not compete with each other. Both of
them are important, and I hope that they will be
taken up and acted upon as speedily as possible.
It seems to me that the bill which it has been
moved should be taken up first, has been so ma-
tured—having been before,us and discussed for
months—that there is not a section, nor hardly a
letter of it, that is not known to us all, and that
has not been scanned by us all, as well as every
square rod in that Territory, so far as consulting
maps and boundaries could inform us. It seems
to me, then, that there can be little delay with re-
gard to the territorial bi'l. I think we can pass it
in a single sitting. 1 will vote any day or night to
take up the fugitive slave bill. It is one, however,
which is likely to consume much more time than
the territorial bill. I hope, therefore, that that
will be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote against any motion
to take up either of these bills until we first have
an Executive session. There are several nomina-
tions before the Senate, in reference to which
positive injustice must be done to the parties, un-
less we have some action upon them. I have a
resolution likewise, which I desire to offer in
Executive session, by which I may have an order
from the Senate to examine certain papers in one
of the departments, access to which has been re-
fused me without such a resolution. I hope there-
fore the Senate will indulge me.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the farther consideration of the bill pro-
viding a territorial government for New Mexico
until to-morrow, and making it the special order
for that day at twelve o'clock.
The question being on the motion to postpone
it was agreed to: Ayes 25, noes J4.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to move the recon-
sideration of a vote by which the.Senate ordered
the printing of a communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States. The reason why I
submit the motion is this: It is a communication
submitted to us by the President of the United
States, and relates to the past, present, and future
state and character of our Indian tribes. At the
time that the communication was referred to the
Committee on Printing, I was not aware that the
subject had been considered by the Committee on
the Library to a considerable extent. The Senator
from Michigan called my attention to the subject,
and I learn that the Committee on the Library
have had the subject under consideration, and have
had before them a resolution of the Senate. And
while it is according to rule that this communica-
tion should go to the Committee on Printing, I de-
sire that the Senate will reconsider the motion
ordering; the printing, and let it go to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
Mr, DICKINSON. I hope that will be done.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Mr. President, as my
name has just been alluded to in connection with
the fugitive slave bill, by the Senator from M s-
sissippi and other Senators, I ask the privilege by
way "of persona! explanation, to state that at a
pretty early period after the introduction of that
bill—before, I believe, it underwent its first modi-
fication, certainly before any proposition was
made for referring h to the Committee of Thirteen,
or indeed of raising that committee—I spoke to
sundry Senators in relation to that subject. It
occurred to my mind then that the loss of fugitive
slaves was the principal, if not the oi>ly, practical
grievance connected with the present agita'ina?
questions, that rankled in the minds of the people
of the Southern States, esoecially of those of the
northern or border slave States; and for the pur-
pose of satisfying the great mass of their people of
what I felt strongly convinced, that there was a
disposition on the part of the great majority of the
North to do them justice, as required by plain and
express provisions of the Constitution, I ex-
pressed my desire to several prominent Senators
that this bill should be taken up for final passage,
in advance, as the measure best calculated to allay
the rising excitement and agitation. 1 mentioned
the subject to several Senators of standing and ex-
perience in the body, and you will doubtless rec-
ollect, Mr. President, that I had an interview with
you at your rooms in relation to it. I also called
upon the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote)
and the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass,] at
their lodgings, in relation to the same matter. My
recollection is that you all regarded it as lather a
delicate matter for a third person to move to take
up that bill, as it rftight he considered uncourteous
to the gentleman who had introduced it, and under
whose care and guidance it was more especially
considered to be. Being then comparatively a
stranger in this body, I reluctantly acquiesced ir*
this \iew, and seized an early opportunity of
sneaking myself to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who had introduced the
bill, and urged upon him the propriety of calling
it up for early action. I thought at the time that
the bill would require amendment, especially in
this, that it provided that every postmaster should
have power to hear evidence as to fugitive slaves
and to grant certificates of ownership. It occurred
to me at once, considering the vast number of
postmasters, and, however respectable they might
be, the lack of experience of many of them as to
intricate questions of law, frequently involved in
decisions of this character, that such a feature in
the bill would be highly objectionable, and would
generally be so regarded. But I was anxious to
see the bill assume such a shape as would recom-
mend it to the patriotism and favorable judgment
of the people of the Union, both North and South.
I felt not only the obligation but the wish to do
what was right in the matter, and what i trust
may yet be done and prove acceptable to the great
mass of the people, both of the North and of the
South. I mention this conversation with the Sen-
ator from Virginia, not only because 1 have been;
referred to, but as a proof of my anxiety for ai
early settlement of the absorbing question which
has so long agitated our councils, which almost
paralyzes the functions of the Government, which
mars the peace and harmony of the country, and
threatens the existence of the Union itself. I then
believed, and yet believe, that this, as well as its
kindred questions, can be settled on a basis which
will commend them to the favorable regard of the
great mass of the people of every section of our
once harmonious Union.
The Senator from Virginia knows the result of
that conference. He is present, and it is unneces-
sary for me to say more now than that, to my
great regret, he declined to accede to my request
to call up the bill. It is but due to myself to
say, as may be already inferred, that I did not ap-
prove of all the features of the bill in the shape in
which it was introduced; but I certainly was ready
and I yet am ready to vote for it whenever it shall
be brought forwaid in a suitable shape, to carry
out, in good faith and perfect fairness, the plain
provisions of the Constitution upon this subject.
Had the measute been pushed forward at an early
period^as i and others desired, I am convinced it
would long since have received the sanction of
Congress, and in a satisfactory form, and that it
would, as an earnest of that justice which I be-
lieve the great majority will be ever willing to
