THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 12, 1850.
New Series No. 31.
say further, that if a resolution, or a Jaw, were now
before us, to provide a territorial government for
New Mexico, I would not vote to put any prohibi-
tion into it whatever. The use of such a prohibition
would be idle, as it respects any effect it would
have upon the territory; and I would not take pains
to reaffirm an ordinance of nature, nor to reenact
the will of God. And I would put in no Wilmot
proviso, fpr the purpose of a taunt or a reproach.
I would put into it no evidence of the vtos of
superior power, to wound the pride, even whether
•a just prkle, a rational pride, or an irrational pride 
to wound the pride of the gentlemen who belong to
the southern States. 1 have no such object—no
such purpose. They would think it a taunt—an
indignity. They would think it to be an act tak-
ing away from them what they regard a proper
equality of privilege; and whether they expect to
realize nny benefit from it or not, they would think
it a theoretic wrong—that something more or less
derogatory to their character and their rights had
taken place. I propose to inflict no such wound
upon any body, unless something essentially im-
portant to the country, and efficient to the presei-
■vation of liberty and freedom, is to be effected.
Therefore, I repeat, sir—and I repeat it because I
wish it to be understood—that 1 do not propose to
address the Senate often on this subject, i desire
to puur out all my heart in as plain a manner as
possible; and I say again, that if a proposition
were now here for a government for New Mexico,
and it was moved to insert a provision for a prohi-
bition of slavery, I would not vote for it.
Now, Mr. President, J have established, so far
as I proposed to go into any line of observation to
establish, the proposition with which I set out, and
upon which I propose to stand or fall; and that is,
that the whole territory of the States in the United
States, or in the newly-acquired territory of the
United States, has a fixed and settled character,
now fixed and settled by law, which can not be re-
pealed in the case of Texas, without a violation of
public faith, and can not be repealed by any human
power in regard to California or New Mexico;
that, under one or other of these laws, every foot
•of territory in the States, or in the Territories, has
now received a fixed and decided character.
Sir, if we were now making a Government for
New Mexico, and any body should propos.e a
Wilmot proviso, I should treat it exactly as Mr.
Polk treated that provision for excluding slavery
fiom Oregon. Mr. Polk was known to be in opin-
ion decidedly averse to the Wilmot proviso; but
he felt the necessity of establishing a government
for the Territory of Oregon, anil, though the pro-
viso was there, he knew it would be entirely nuga-
tory; and, since, it must be entirely nugatory, since
it took away no right, no -describable, no estima-
ble, no weighable, or tangible right of the South,
lie said he would sign the bill for the sake of enact-
ing a law to form a Government in that Territory,
and let that en tit el y useless, and, in that connection,
entiiely senseless, proviso remain. For myself, 1
will say that we hear much of the annexation of
Canada; and if there be any man, any of the
northern Democracy, or any one of the Free-Soil
party, who supposes it necessary to insert a Wil-
mot proviso in a Territorial Government for New
Mexico, that man will of course be of opinion lhat
it is necessary to protect the everlasting snows of
Canada from the foot of slavery, by the same over-
powering wing of an act of Congress. Sir, where-
ever there is a paiticular good to be done—where-
ever there Ls a foot of land to be staid back fiom
becoming slave territory—I am ready to assert the
principle of the exclusion of slavery. 1 am pledged
to it from the year 1837; 1 have been pledged to it
again and again; and 1 will perform those pledges;
but I will not do a thing unnecessary, that wounds
the feelings of others, or that does disgrace to my
own understanding.
Mr. President, in the excited times in which we
live, there is found to exist a state of crimination
and recrimination between the North and the
South. There arc lists of grievances produced by
each; and those grievances, real or supposed,
alienate the minds of one portion of the country
31
from the other, exasperate the feelings, subdue the
sense of fraternal connection, and patriotic love,
and mutual regard. I shall bestow a little atten-
tion, sir, upon these various grievances, produced
on the one side and on the other. I begin with the
complaints of the South: I will not answer, farther
than I have, the general statements of the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, that the North
has grown upon the South in consequence of the
manner of administering this Government, in the
collecting of its revenues, and so forth. These are
disputed topics, and I hnve no inclination to enter
into them. But I will state these complaints, es-
pecially one complaint of the South, which has in
my opinion just foundation; and that is, that there
has been found at the North, among individuals
and among the Legislatures of the North, a disincli-
nation to perform, fully, their constitutional duties,
in regard to the return of persons bound to service,
who have escaped into the free States. In that re-
spect, it is my judgment that the South is right,
and the North is wrong. Every member of every
noithern Legislature is bound, by oath, like every
other officer in the country, to support the Con-
stitution of the United States; and this article
of the Constitution, which says to these States,
they shall deliver up fugitives from service, is as
binding in honor and conscience as any other arti-
cle. No man fulfills his duty in any Legislature
who sets himself to find excuses, evasions, escapes
from this constitutional obligation. I have always
thought that the Constitution addressed itself to the
Legislatures of the States themselves, or to the
States themselves. It says, that those persons
escaping to other States, shall be delivered up, and
I confess 1 have always been of the opinion, that
it was an injunction upon the States themselves.
When it is said that a person escaping into
another State, and becoming therefore within the
jurisdiction of lhat State, shall be delivered up, it
seems to me the import of the passage is, lhat the
State itself, in obedience to the Constitution, shall
cause him to be delivered up. That is my judg-
ment. I have always entertained that opinion,
and I entertain it now. But when the subject,
some years ago, was before the Supreme Court of
the United States, the majority of the judges held
that the power, to cause fugitives from service to be
delivered up, was a power to be exercised under
the authority of this Government. I do not know,
on the whole, that it may not have been a fortu-
nate decision. My habit is to respect the result of
judicial deliberations and the solemnity of judicial
decisions. But, as it now stands, the business of
seeing that these fugitives are delivered up, resides
in the power of Congress, and the national judica-
ture, and my friend at the head of the Judiciary
Committee has a bill on the subject, now before the
Senate, with sorcte amendments to it, which I pro-
pose to support, with all its provisions, to the full-
est extent. And I desire to call the attention of all
sober-minded men, of all conscientious men, in the
North, of all men who are not carried away by
any fanatical idea, or by any false idea whatever,
to their constitutional obligations. I put it to all
the sober and sound minds at the North, ns o ques-
tion of morals and a question of oonsience, "What
right have they, in all their legislative capacity, or
any other, to endeavor to get round this Constitu-
tion, to embarrass the free exercise of the rights
secured by the Constitution, to the persons whose
slaves escape from them ? Noneatall—noneatall.
Neither in the forum of conscience, nor before the
face of the Constitution, are they justified, in my
opinion. Of course, it is a matter for their consid-
eration. They probably, in the turmoil of the
times, have not stopped to consider of this; they
have followed what seemed to be the current of
thought and of motives as the occasion arose, and
neglected to investigate fully the real question, and
to consider their constitutional obligations, as i am
sure, if they did consider, they would fulfill them
with alacrity. Therefore, I repeat, sir, that here
is a ground of complaint against the North, well
founded, which ought to be removed—which it is
now in the power of. the different departments of
this Government to remove—which calls for the
enactment of proper laws, authorizing the judica-
ture of this Government, in the several States, to
do all that is necessary for the recapture of fugitive
slaves, and for the restoration of them to those
who claim them. Wherever I go, and whenever
I speak on the subject—and when I speak here, I
desire to speak to the whole Noith—I say that the
South has been injured in this respect, and has a
right to complain; and the North has been too
careless of what I think the Constitution peremp-
torily and emphatically enjoins upon it as a duty.
Complaint has been made against certain resolu-
tions that emanate from Legislatuies at the North,
and are sent here to us, not only on, the subject of
slavery in this District, but sometimes recom-
mending Congress to consider the means of abol-
ishing slavery in the States. I should he soiry
to be called upon to present any resolutions here
which could not be referable to any committee or
any power in Congress, and, therefore, I should
be unwilling to receive from the Legislature of
Massachusetts any instructions to present reso-
lutions expressive of any opinion whatever on the
subject of slavery, as it exists at the present mo-
ment in the States, for two reasons; because—first,
I do not consider that the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts has anything to do with it; and next, I
do not consider that I, as her representative here,
have anything to do with it. Sir, it has become,
in my opinion, quite too common; and if the Legis-
latures of the States do not like that opinion, they
have a great deal more power to put it down, than
I have to uphold it. It has become, in my opinion,
quite too common a practice for the State Legisla-
tures to present resolutions here on all subjects, and
to instruct us here on all subjects. There is no
public man that requires instruction more than I
do, or who requires information more than I do,
or desires it more heartily; but I do not like to
have it come in too imperative a shape. I took
notice, with pleasure, of some remarks upon this
subject made the other day in the Senate of Mas-
sachusetts, by a young man of talent and charac-
ter, from whom the best hopes may be entertained.
I mean Mr. Hilliard. He told the Senate of Mas-
sachusetts that he would vote for no instructions
whatever to be forwarded to members of Congress,
nor for any resolutions to be offered, expressive
of the sense of Massachusetts, as to what their
members of Congress ought to do. He said that
he saw no propriety in one set of public servants
giving instructions and reading lectures to another
set of public servants. To their own master, all
of them must stand or fall, and that master is their
constituents. I wish these sentiments could be-
come more common—a great deal more common.
I have never entered into the question, and never
shall, about the binding force of instructions. I
will, however, simply "say this: if there be any
matter of interest pending in this body, while £
am a member of it, in which Massachusetts has
an interest of her own not adverse to the general
interest of the country, I shall pursue her instruc-
tions with gladness of heart, and with all the effi-
ciency which I can bring to it. But if the ques-
tion be one which affects her interest, and at the
same time affects the interests of all other States,
1 shall no more regatd her political wishes or in?
structions, than I would regard the wishes of a
man who might appoint me an arbitrator or referee,
to decide some question of important private right,
and who might instruct me to decide in his favor.
If ever there was a government upon earth, it is
this Government; if ever there was a body upon
earth, it is this body, which should consider itself
as composed by agreement of all, appointed by
some, but organized by the general consent of all,
sitting here under the solemn obligations of oath
and conscience, to do that which they think is
best for the good of the whole.
Then, sir, there are those abolition societies, of
which I am unwilling to speak, but in regard to
which I have very clear notions and opinions. I
I do not think them useful. I think their operations
for the last twenty years have produced nothing
good or valuable. At the same time, I know
thousands of them are honest and good men-, per-
