48$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
fectly well-meaning men. They have excited feel-
ings; they think they must do something for the
cause of liberty; and in their sphere of action, they
do not see what else they can do, than to contrib-
ute to an abolition press, or an abolition society,
or to pay an abolition lecturer. I do not mean to
impute gross motives even to the leaders of these
societies, but 1 am not blind to the consequences.
I cannot hut see wlf&t mischiefs their interference
with the South has produced. And is it not plain
to every man ? Let any gentleman who doubts of
that, recur, to the debates in the Virginia House of
Delegates in 1832, and he will see with what free-
dom a proposition, made by Mr. Randolph for the
gradual abolition of slavery, was discussed in that
body. Every one spoke of slavery as he thought;
very ignominious and disparaging names and epi-
thets were applied to it. The debates in the House
of Delegates on that occasion, I believe, were ail
published. They were read by every colored man
who could read, and if there were any who could
not read, those debates were read to them by
others. At that time Virginia was not unwilling
nor afraid to discuss this question, and to let that
part of her population know as much of it as they
could learn. That was in 1832. As has been said
by the honorable member from Carolina, these
abolition societies commenced their course of ac-
tion in 1835. It is said—1 do not know how true
it may be—that they sent incendiary publications
into the slave States; at any event, they attempted
to arouse, and did arouse, a very strong feeling; in
other words, they created great agitation in the
North against southern slavery. Well, what was
the result r The bonds of the slaves were bound
more firmly than before; their rivets were more
strongly fastened. Public opinion, which in Vii-
ginia had begun to be exhibited against slavery,
and was opening out for the discussion of the ques-
tion, drew back and shut itself up in its castle. I
wish to know whether any body in Virginia can,
now, talk as Mr. Randolph, Gov. McDowell, and
others talked there, openly, and sent their remarks
to the press, in 1832. We all know the fact, and
we all know the cause, and everything that this
agitating people have done, has been, not to en-
large, but to restrain, not to set free, but to bind
faster, the slave population of the South. That is
my judgment. Sir, as I have said, I know many
Abolitionists in my own neighborhood, very honest
good people, misled, as I think, by strange enthu-
siasm; but they wish to do something, and they
are called on to contribute, and they do contribute;
and it, is my firm opinion this day, that within the
last twenty years, as much money lias been col-
loct/id and paid to the abolition societies, abolition
presses, and abolition lecturers, as would purchase i
the freedom of every slave, man, woman, and child j
in the State of Maryland, and send them all to I
Liberia. I have no doubt of it. But I have yet to I
learn that the benevolence of these abolition soe.ie-
ties has at any time taken that particular turn, j
[Laughter.]
Again, sir, the violence of the press is com-
plained of. The press violent! Why, sir, the
press is violent everywhere. Thefe are outra-
geous reproaches in the North against the South,
and there are reproaches in not much better taste
in the South against the North. Sir, the ex-
tremists of both parts of this country are violent;
they mistake loud and violent talk for eloquence
and for reason. They think that he who talks
loudest, reasons the best. And this we must ex-
pect, when the press is free, as it is here—and I
trust always will be—for, with all its licentious-
ness, and all its evil, the entire and absolute free-
dom of the press is essential to the preservation of
government, on the basis of a free constitution.
Wherever it exists, there will be foolish para-
graphs, and violent paragraphs, in the press, as
theie are, I am sorry to say, foolish speeches and
violent speeches in both Houses of Congress. In }
truth, sir, I must say that, in my opinion, the ver- i
nacular tongue of the country has become greatly !
vitiated, depraved, and corrupted, by the style of i
our congressional debates. [Laughter.] And if
it were possible for our debates in Congress to !
vitiate the principles of the people as much as they 1
have depraved their taste, I should cry out, " God !;
save the Republic." j!
Well, in ail this I see no solid grievance—no j
grievance presented by the South, within the re-
dress of the Government, but tne single one to :i
which I have referred; and that is, the want of a i
proper regard to the injunction of the Constitution,
for the delivery of fugitive slaves.
There are also complaints of the North against
the South. 1 need not go over them particularly.
The first and gravest is, that, the North adopted
the Constitution, recognizing the existence of slave-
ry in the States, and recognizing the right, to a cer-
tain extent, ofrepresentation of the slaves in Con-
gress, under a state of sentiment and expectation
which do not now exist;' and that, by events, by
circumstances, by the eagerness of the South to
acquire territory, and extend their slave population'
the North finds itself, in regard to the influence of
the South and the North, of the free States and the
slave States, where it never did expect to find
itself when they entered the compact of the Consti-
tution. They complain, therefore, that, instead of
slavery being regarded as an evil, as it was then,
an evil, which all hoped would be extinguished
gradually, it is now regarded by the South as an
institution to be cherished, and preserved, and ex-
tended—an institution which the South has already
extended to the utmost of her power by the acquisi-
tion of new territory. Well, then, passing from
that, everybody in the North leads; and every-
body reads whatsoever the newspapers contain;
and the newspapers, some of them—especially
those presses to which I have alluded—are careful
to spread about among the people every reproach-
i ful sentiment uttered by any southern man bearing
! at all against the North—everything that is calcula-
i ted to exasperate, to alienate; and there are many
| such things, as everybody will admit, from the
South,or some portion of it, which are spread abroad
among the reading people; and they do exasperate,
and alienate, and produce a most mischievous ef-
fect upon the public mind at the North. Sir, 1
would not notice things of this sort appearing in
obscure quarters; but one thing has occurred in this
debate which struck me very forcibly. An honor-
able member from Louisiana addressed us the
other day on this subject. 1 suppose there is not
a more amiable and worthy gentleman m this
chamber, nor a gentleman who would be more
slow to give offense to anybody, and he did not
mean in his remarks to give offense. But what
did he say ? Why, sir, he took pains to run a con-
trast between the slaves of the South and tlie la-
boring people of the North, giving the preference
in all points of condition, and comfort, and happi-
ness, to the slaves of the South. The honorable
member doubtless did not suppose that he gave any
offense, or did any injustice. He was merely ex-
pressing his opinion. But does he know how re-
marks of that sort will be received by the laboring
people of the North ? Why, who are the laboring
people of the North? They are the Nor'.li. They
are the people who cultivate then own farms with
their own hands—freeholders, educated men, inde-
pendent men. Let me say, sir, that five sixths of
the whole property of the North, is in the hands of
the laborers of theNorth; they cultivate their farms,
they educate their children, they provide the means
of independence; if they are not freeholders, they
earn wages; these wages accumulate, are turned
into capital, into new freeholds; and small capital-
ists are created. That is the case, and such the
course of things, with us, among the industrious,
and frugal. And what can these people think
when so respectable and worthy a gentleman us
the member from Louisiana, undertakes to prove
that the absolute ignorance, and the abject slavery
of the South, is more in conformity with the high
purposes and destinies of immortal, rational, hu-
man beings, than the educated, the independent
free laborers of the North ?
There is a more tangible, and irritating cause
of grievance, at the North. Free blacks are con-
stantly employed in the vessels of the North,
generally as cooks or stewards. When the ves-
sel amves, these free colored men, are taken on
shore, by the police or municipal authouty, im-
prisoned, and kept in prison, till the vessel is
again ready to sail. This is not only irritating, but !
exceedingly inconvenient in practice,and seems al- |
together unjustifiable, and oppressive. Mr. Hoar's
mission, some time ago, to South Carolina, was :
a well-intended effort to remove this cause of j
complaint. TheNorth thinks such imprisonment I
illegal, and unconstitutional; as the cases occur !
constantly and frequently, they think it a great i
grievance. j
Now, sir, so far as any of these grievances have j
their foundation in matters of law, they can be i
redressed, and ought to be redressed; and so far
as they have foundation in matters of opinion, in
sentiment, in mutual crimination and recrimina-
tion, all that we can do is, to endeavor to allay the
agitation, and cultivate a better feeling and more
fraternal sentiments between the South and the
North.
Mr. President, I should much prefer to have
heard, from every member on this floor, declara-
tions of opinion that this Union should never be
dissolved, than the declaration of opinion that in
any case, under the pressure of any circumstances,
such a dissolution was possible, i hear with pain,
and anguish, and distress, the word secession,
especially when it falls from the lips of those who
are eminently patriotic, and known to the country,
and known all over the world, for their political
services. Secession ! Peaceable secession I Sir,
your eyes and mine are never destined to see that
miracle. The dismemberment of this va$t coun-
try without convulsion The breaking up of the
fountains of the great deep without ruffling the
surface! Who is so foolish—I beg everybody *s
pardon—as to expect to see any such thing? Sir,
lie who sees these States, now revolving in har-
mony around a common centre, and expects to see
them quit their places and fly off without convul-
sion, may look the next hour to see the heavenly
bodies rush from their spheres, and jostle against
each other in the realms of space, without produ-
cing the crush of the universe. There can be no
such thing as a peaceable secession. Peaceable
secession is an utter impossibility. Is the great
Constitution under which we live here—covering
this whole country—is it to be thawed and melted
away by secession, as the snows on the mountain
melt under the influence of a vernal sun—disap-
pear almost unobserved, and die off? No, sir?
no, sir ! I will not state what might produce the
disruption of the States; but, sir, I see it as plain-
ly as I see the sun in heaven—I see that disrup-
tion must produce such a war as i will not de-
scribe, in its twofold characters.
Peaceable secession! peaceable secession! The
concurrent agreement of all the members of this
great Republic to separate ! A voluntary separa-
tion, with alimony on one side and on the other.
Why, what would be the result? Where is the
line to be drawn? What States are to secede?
What is to remain American ? What am I to be ?—
an American no longer? Where is the flag of
the Republic to remain ? Where is the eagle
still to tower? or is he to cower, and shrink,
and fall to the ground ? Why, sir, our ances-
tors—our fathers, and our grandfathers, those of
them that are yet living among us with pro-
longed lives—would rebuke and reproach us; and
our children, and our giandchildien, would cry
out, Shame upon us! if we, of this generation,
should dishonor these ensigns of the power of
the Government, and the harmony of the Union,
which is every day felt among us with so much
joy and gratitude. • What is" to become of the
army? What is to become of the navy? What
is to become of the public lands ? How is each
of the thirty States to defend itself? I know, al-
though the idea has not been stated distinctly,
there is to be a southern Confederacy. 1 do
not mean, when I allude to tnis statement, that
any one seriously contemplates such a state of
things. I do not mean to say that it is true,
but 1 have heard it suggested elsewhere, that that
idea has originated in a design to separate. I
am sorry, sir, that it has ever been thought of,
talked of, or dreamed of, in the wildest flights of
human imagination. But the idea must be of a
separation, including the slave States upon one
side, and the free States on the other. Sir, there
is not—S may express myself too strongly per-
haps—but some things, some moral things, are
almost as impossible, as other natural or physical
things; and I hold the idea of a separation of
these States—those that are free to form one gov-
ernment, and those that are slaveholding to form
anothei—as a moral impossibility. We could not
separate the States by any such line, if we were
to draw it. We could not sit down here to-day,
and draw a line of separation, that would satisfy
any five men in the country. There are natural
causes that would keep and tie us together, and
there are social and domestic relations which we
could not break, if we would, and which we should
not, if we could. Sir, nobody can look over the
face of (his country at the present moment—no-
