1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
Chairman arbitrarily to assign the floor, as he
would be called upon to decide whether a member
rising to speak was opposed to the amendment or
not. Thus its operation would involve many ab-
surdities. A^ain: the amendment was supported
on the ground that it ^jould prevent the abuse of
the five minutes rule. Of all the rules of the House,
he believed the five minutes rule had been abused
the least. But, he argued that the amendment
would not accomplish the object, that it would not
practically limit debate, but would throw obstacles
in the way of perfecting bills.
Mr. RICHARDSON said a word which (from
his turning his back) the reporter did not hear.
. Mr. THOMPSON replied by alluding to the
state of Jhings before the adoption of the five min-
utes rule, when amendments, were obliged to be
voted upon without debate. He said it was the
universal feeling that such a thing was an outrage.
Even the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means reporting an important amendment, could
not say a word to explain it, if there was any ob-
streperous or obstinate member (and there were
generally some tsuch) to object. To avoid this
absurd state of things the five minutes rule was
adopted, which had enabled the committee to un-
derstand the proposition's presented and to act in-
telligently. Under it, several gentlemen, who
though they agreed in support of the amendment
might differ as to the reasons, were they permitted
to give their individual views. Under the amend-
ment, but one gentleman in favor of the proposition
could be heard. He argued that gentlemen, by
resorting to any of the infinite ways of varying
amendments, e. g. upon a clause of ten millions
of dollars, by propositions to reduce it to a mil-
lion and even to a dollar, might, if they were dis-
posed to protract debate and delay action, accom-
plish their object with as much certainty under
the amendment as under the rule. But he te-
peated, when the gentleman from Alabama said
that was the object with which the opponents of
the amendment had acted, he was totally mistaken
as far as regarded him, (Mr. T ,) and he believed
as regarded the great body of southern Representa-
tives who had voted against the rule. They had
voted upon the merits of the two propositions,
and with no intention to raise a sectional issue
upon a rule of the House.
Mr. VINTON rose to correct the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] as to the pro-
visions of the parlarmentary law 111 this respect.
Ho said it was by a rule of this House, and by a
rule of this House only, that a member was enti-
tled to withdiaw a motion which he might have
made, By the parliamentary law, whenever a mo-
tion was made, it was in the possession of the
House, and could not be withdrawn without the
consent of the House. He sent the Manual to the
Chair to be read:
"Leave asked to withdraw a motion. The rule of
Pailiament beins that a motion made and seenndt d is in the
possession of the House, and eannot be withdrawn without
leave, the very terms of the ride imply that leave may he
given, and consequently, may lie .ibked and put to llie ques-
tion."
Under the five minutes rule, he said it had be-
come the practice of the House to make the
amendment offered a sort of football, which was
kicked and bandied about the House, in violation
and abuse of the rule of the House which author-
ized a gentleman to withdraw his motion. Now
the benefit which this amendment of the rule would
accomplish would be, to put an end to that abuse;
and it would do nothing else. The committee
were unanimous in recommending it to the House.
To require that the debate should be cMM when
the party making the motion had beerfheard,
seemed to be in conflict with that great rule of
equity, that before a decision was mai'e in any
case both sides shall be heard. To prevent a gen-
tleman moving an amendment to make an ex-
planation which might be one-sided, in which the
mover himself might be mistaken—to whom ob-
jections which existed might not have occurred—
and then to compel the committee to vote without
hearing the other side, was contrary to the great
rule of equity to which he had referred.
He alluded to the practice of the House pre-
vious to the adoption of the five minutes rule
He said, in order to bring bills to a vote it had
been found necessary to adopt the rule providing
for the termination of debate in committee. Under
this rule, debate upon the. state of the Union gener-
ally had gone on, as it did now, in most cages, upon
a motion to strike out the first section, and the time
for the close of the debate arrived without there
being had a word of debate upon the bill itself.
The amendments were then voted upon without
debate—not even the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means being allowed to explain im-
portant amendments which he reported to the
appropriation bills. The consequence was, that
the committee generally knew nothing of the de-
tails of the bills; that sometimes very mischievous
amendments were aiippted, but more generally
valuable amendments were voted down because
the committee were all the time under apprehen-
sion that they might be imposed upon. To get
rid of these evils he said the five minutes rule had
been adopted—a rule which allowed a gentleman
moving an amendment five minutes to explain his
amendment. .He thought it was not true, as had
been stated here yesterday, that undei this rule
the mover of an amendment had the light to speak
about anything else than his amendment.
Mr. McLANE was understood to state that
that was all he had said.
Mr. VINTON repeated, that the amendment
took away the right of the mover to withdraw his
amendment without the Jeave of the Hcuse, at the
same time it provided that some gentleman who
dissented should have five minutes to state his
objections.
He confessed he Vas quite surprised yesterday
to see the sensibility which was manifested on this
subject, in the intimation thrown out that this
amendment was proposed to subserve some sec-
tional purpose. .This he might remark, among
other things, showed the morbid, unfortunate state
of things which existed. Whatever might have
been the intention of others, as one member of the
committee he must confess that no such idea had
ever entered his mind; and he ventured to say
that it never entered into the minds of the south-
ern gentlemen in the committee who unanimously
agreed to the resolution.
He moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. MORSE appealed to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw-the motion, slating that he did
not wish to debate the question, but to put himself
right upon a vote.
Mr. VINTON withdrew for this purpose upon
a pledge by Mr. Morse that he would renew the
motion.
Mr. MORSE expressing his obligations to the
gentleman from Ohio for his courtesy, proceeded
to say that he had voted " aye " upon the adop-
tion of this amendment, under a misapprehension,
supposing he was voting upon the motion,of the
gentleman from Mississippi to lay the amendment
upon the table. He did not know, for he had not
made the lules his pellicular study—he would ask
the Chair whether it would be in order for him to
correct his vote?
The SPEAKER said, the correction could only
be made by unanimous consent.
General cries of " leave."
The SPEAKER stated that the change would
not alter the result, and inquired if objection was
made.
Mr. ROOT. The gentleman from Louisiana
has accomplished his purpose; this is never done.
I object.
Air. MORSE, retaining the floor, renewed his
appeal to the House, and said that although he had
known leave refused to gentlemen to vote who
were not within the bar when their names were
called, he had not known any previous instance of
such a request as he now made. But he urged
that justice required, when a member rose and
stated that he had voted erroneously under a mis-
conception of the question, that he should be al-
lowed to set himself right. In reference to Mr.
Root's statement, that he had now set himself
light, he reminded the gentleman that his explana-
tion would not go upon the Journal, and he desired
the gentlemen not to insist in placing him upon the
record in a position which he did not choose to
occupy.
Mr. ROOT assured the gentleman that it was
not out of any disrespect to the gentleman that he
objected; but he was convinced, and he was quite
certain the gentleman himself, upon a moment's
reflection, would be convinced, that to allow the
change would besetting a most mischievous prece-
dent. He must, therefore, adhere to his objection.
Mr. MORSE said, he should be very sorry to
have so poor an opinion of the House as to sup-
pose that any injurious consequence could result
from allowing a gentleman in justice to himself, to
change a vote. He apprehended that no man who
was not lost to all self-respect would make a state-
ment which was not true for the sake of changing
a vote which he had giv^n. He should n6t, how-
ever, press the matter further.' He had made the
•statement upon the honor of a gentleman; in his
own country he apprehended that that statement
concerning his vote would be received, whatever
other people elsewhere might think of it.
Mr. CRQWELL inquired whether, if a mem-
ber rose and stated to the House that he had voted
through a mistake and his vote was recorded
wrong, he could not, as a matter of right, ask the
House to correct it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading of
the rule as it originally stood, and as amended.
He said the amendment extended, instead of re-
stiaining, the privilege of debate. For that reason
he had voted against it.
Mr. MORSE giving way for the purpose, and
no objection being made,
- The original rule and the rule as amended were
read.
Mr. PRESTON KING said, that his only ob-
ject in calling for the reading of the rule was to
show, that under the amendment passed, twenty
minutes' debate was allowed, whereas, under the
rule as it originally stood, live minutes only were
allowed.
Mr. MORSE remarked, that he had always
evinced a courteous disposition to gentlemen on this
finnr, and a desire in all things to arrive at the
truth; and when he made a personal request; when
he stated that he had not only acted under a mis-
apprehension of the question, but that he had
voted contrary to his own opinions, (supposing
the question to be on the motion to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, whereas, in truth and in fact, it
was directly on the adoption of the resolution,) the
gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Preston King}
made an argument to show that the amendment
allowed twenty minutes for debate, whilst the rule
allowed only five. What, in the name ofGod, had
that to do with the question? ff the amendment
allowed four years, and he (Mr. M.) was opposed
to it—it was no answer to say that greater latitude
of debate was allowed under the amendment than
under the original rule. He desired once ;for all
to say, that he was opposed to all these rules
placing restraints upon debate. ^ He referred to
the state of paities which had oiiginally led to the
adoption of the one hour rule, and to that paity
measure, of which that rule was intended to se-
cure the adoption, most of which, he thanked
(rod, had been repealed. He expressed the opin-
ion that the debates under the five minutes rule,
had been the most sensible and most to the point,
of any debates that had taken place.
He then indicated his intention to claim that the
correction of his vote was a matter of right, not^
to be contravened by the opposition of a majority
of the House; much lessby-the objection of asin-
gle member—and to submit that question to the
House as a question of privilege.
Mr. BURT, having promised to renew the mo-
tion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table,
Mr. M. waived the question of privilege, for the
time being, and renewed the motion of Mr. Vin-
ton.
Mr. MEADE asked for the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were lefused.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative—
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. MORSE. I nowrise toa question of priv-
ilege. Having already made the statement of
facts as to the misapprehension under which my
vote was given, I shall not further occupy the
time of the" House. I state here in my place, on
the veracity of a gentleman, and upon the respon-
sibility of a member of this House, that on the
question just now taken on the adoption of the
report from the Committee on Rules, 1 voted un-
der a total misapprehension of the question. I
believed that I was voting on a motion to lay the
resolution on the table, which, if it prevailed,
would be equivalent to its, defeat; whereas, in
truth and in fact, the question was on the adoption
