1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
body can see where Us population is the most dense
and growing—without being ready to admit, and
compelled to admit, that, ere long, America will
be in the valley of the Mississippi.
Well, now, sir, I beg to inquire what the wild-
est enthusiast has to say, on the possibility of cut-
ting off that river, and leaving free States at its.
source and its branches, and slave States down
near its mouth ? Pray, sir—pray, sir, let me say to
the people of this country, that these things are
worthy of their pondering and of their consider-
ation. Here, sir, are five millions of freemen in
the free States north of the river Ohio: can any-
body suppose that this population can be severed
by a line that divides them from the territory of
a foreign and an alien government, down some-
where, the Lord knows where, upon the lower
banks of the Mississippi? What will become of
Missouri? Will she join the arrondissement of
the slave States? Shall the man from the Yellow
Stone and the Platte be connected in the new Re-
public with the man who lives on the southern
extremity of the Cape of Florida? Sir, I am
ashamed to pursue this line of remark. I dislike
it—I have an utter disgust for it. I would rather
hear of natural blasts and mildews, war, pesti-
lence, and famine, than to hear gentlemen talk of
secession. To break up! to break up this great
Government! to dismember this great country!
to astonish Europe with an act of folly, such as
Europe for two centuries has never beheld in any
government! No, sir! no, sir! There will be no
secession. Gentlemen are not serious when they
talk of secession.
Sir, ! hear there is to be a Convention held at
Nashville, i am bound to believe that if worthy
gentlemen meet at Nashville in Convention, their
object will be to adopt counsels conciliatory—to
advise the South to forbearance and moderation,
and to advise the North to forbearance and mod-
eration, and to inculcate principles of brotherly
love, and affection, and attachment to the Consti-
tution of the country, as it now is. 1 believe, if
the Convention meet at all, it will be for this pur-
pose; for certainly, if they meet for any purpose
hostile to the Union, they have been singula!ly
inappropriate in their selection of a place. 1 re-
member, sir, that when the treaty was concluded \
between' Prance and England, at the peace of i
Amiens, a stern old Englishman and an orator,
who disliked the terms of the peace as ignomini-
ous to England, said in the House of Commons,
that if King William could know the terms of that
treaty, he would turn in his coffin. Let me com-
mend this saying of Mr. Windham, in all its em-
phasis and in all its force, to any persons who
shall meet at Nashville for the purpose of con-
certing measures for the overthrow of the Union
of this country, over the bones of Andrew Jackson.
Sir, I wish to make two remarks, and hasten to
a conclusion. I wish to say, in regard to Texas,
that if it should bp. hereafter at any time the pleas-
ure of the Government of Texas to cede to the
United States a portion, larger or smaller, of her
territory which lies adjacent to New Mexico and
north of the 34° of north latitude, to be formed
into free States, for a fair equivalent in money, or
in the payment of her debt, I think it an object
well worthy the consideration of Congress, and I
shall be happy to concur in it myself, if I should
be in the public counsels of the country at the
time.
I have one other remark to make: In my ob-
servations upon slavery as it has existed in the
country, and as it now exists, 1 have expressed
no opinion of the mode of its extinguishment or
melioration. I will say, however, though I have
nothing to propose on that subject, because I do
not deem myself so competent as other gentle-
men to consider it, that if any gentleman from the
South shall propose a scheme of colonization, to
be carried on by this government upon a large
scale, for the transportation of free colored people
to any colony or any place in the world, I should
be quite disposed to incur almost any degree of
expense to accomplish that object. sir, fol*
lowing an example set here more than twenty
years a°"o, by a great man, then a Senator from
New York, 1 would return to Virginia, and through
her for the benefit of the whole South, the money
received from the lands and territories ceded by
her to this Government, for any such purpose
as to relieve, m whole or in part, or in any way,
to diminish or deal beneficially with, the free
colored population of the southern States. I
have said that I honor Virginia for her cession of
this territory. There have been received into the
treasury of the United States eighty millions of
dollars, the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands ceded by Virginia. If the residue should be
sold at the same rate, the whole aggregate will
exceed two hundred millions of dollars. If Vir-
ginia and the South see fit to adopt any proposition
to relieve themselves from the free people of color
among them, they have my free consent that the
Government shall pay them any sum of money
out of its proceeds which may be adequate to the
purpose.
And now, Mr. President, I draw these obser-
vations to a close. I have spoken freely, and I
meant to do so. I have sought to make no dis-
play; I have sought to enliven the occasion by no
animated discussion; nor have I attempted any train
of elaborate argument. 1 have sought only to speak
my sentiments, fully and at large, being desirous,
once and for all, to let the Senate know, and to let
the country know, the opinions and sentiments
which I entertain on all these subjects. These opin-
ions are not likely to be suddenly changed. If
there be any future service that I can render to the
country, consistently with these sentiments and
opinions, I shall cheerfully render it. If there jie
not, I shall still be glad to have had an opportunity
to disburden my conscience from the bottom of my
heart, and to make known every political senti-
ment that therein exists.
And now, Mr. President, instead of speaking of
the possibility or utility of secession, instead of
dwelling m tiiese caverns of darkness, instead of
groping with those ideas so fail of all that is hor-
rid and horrible, let us come out into the light of
day ; let us enjoy the fresh air of liberty and
union; let us cherish those hopes which belong to
us; let us devote ourselves to those great objects
that are fit for our consideration and our action;
let us raise our conceptions to the magnitude and
the importance of the duties that devolve upon us;
let our comprehension be as broad as the country
j for which we act, our aspirations as high as its
certain destiny; let us not be pigmies in a case that
■ calls for men. Never did theie devolve, on any
generation of men, higher trusts than now devolve
upon us for the preservation of this Constitution,
and the harmony and peace of all who are destined
to live under it. Let us make our generation one
of the strongest, and the brightest link, in that
golden chain which is destined, I fully believe, to
grapple the people of all the States to this Consti-
tution, for ages to come. It is a great popular Con-
stitutional Government, guarded by legislation, by
law, by judicature, and defended by the whole af-
fections of the people. No monarchical throne
presses these States together; no iron chain of des-
potic power encircles them; they live and stand
upon a Government popular in its form, tepresent-
ative in its character, founded upon principles of
equality, and calculated, we hope, to last forever.
In all its history, it has been beneficent; it has trod-
den down no man's liberty; it has crushed no
State. Its daily respiration, is liberty and patriot-
ism; its yet youthful veins are full of enterprise,
courage, and honorable love of glory and renown. ;
It has received a vast addition of territory. Large J
before, the country has now, by recent events, be- i
come vastly larger. This Republic now extends, |
with avast breadth, across the whole continent.
The two great seas of the world wash the one and ■
the other shore. We realize on a mighty scale, |
the beautiful description of the ornamental edging
of the buckler of Achilles—
'■Now the broad shield complete the artist crowned,
Will) ins last hand, and poured the ocean rouud,
In living silver seemed the waves to roll,
And beat the buckler's veige, and bound the whole."
Mr. CALHOUN. I rise to correct what I con-
ceive to be an error of the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, as to the motives which in-
duced the acquisition of Florida, Louisiana, and
Texas. He attributed it to the great growth of
cotton, and the desire of the southern people to
get an extension of territory, with the view of
cultivating it with more profit than they could in
a compact and crowded settlement. Now, Mr.
President, the history of these acquisitions I think
was not correctly given. It is well known that the
acquisition of Florida was the result of an Indian
war. The Seminole Indians residing along the
! line attacked one of our fortresses; troops were
ordered out; they were driven back; and, under
the command of General Jackson, Pensacola and
St. Marks were seized. -It was these acts, and not
the desire for the extended cultivation of cotton,
which led to the acquisition of Florida. I admit
that there had been for a long time a desire on the
part of the South, and of the Administration I
believe, to acquire Florida; but it was very differ-
ent from the reason assigned by the honorable
Senator. There were collected together four tribes
of Indians—the Creeks,the Choctaws,the Chicka-
saws, and the Cherokee®—about thirty thousand
warriors—who held connection, almost the whole
of them, with the Spanish authorities in Florida,
and carried on a trade perpetually with them. It
was well known that a most pernicious influence
was thus exercised over them; and it was the
desire of preventing conflict between the Indians
and ourselves in the South, as I believe, which
induced the acquisition of Florida. I come now
to Louisiana. We well know that the immediate
cause for the acquisition of Louisiana, was the
suspension of our right of deposit at New Orleans.
Under a treaty with Spain we had a right to the
navigation of the river as far as New Orleans, and
a right to make deposits m the port of New
Orleans. The Spanish authorities interrupted that
right, and that interruption produced a great agita-
tion at the West, and I may say throughout the
whole United States. The gentlemen then in
opposition, a highly respectable party—the old
Federal party, which I have never said a word of
disrespect in regard to—if I mistake not, took the
lead in a desue to resort to arms to acquire that
territory. Mr. .Teil'orson, more prudent,, desired
to procure it by purchase. A purchase was made,
in order to remove the difficulty, ar.d to give ail
outlet to the west to the ocean. That was the im-
mediate cause of the acquisition of Louisiana.
Now, sir, we come to Texas. Perhaps no gentle-
man had more to do with the acquisition of Texas
than myself; and I aver, Mr. President, that
1 would have been among the very last indi-
viduals in the United States, to have made any
movement at that time for the acquisition of
Texas; and 1 go farther: if 1 know myself, I was
incapable of acquiring any territory simply on the
ground that it was to be an enlargement of slave
territory. I would just as freely have acquired it
if it had been on the northern as on the southern
side. No, sir; very different motives actuated me.
I knew at a very early period—1 will not go into
the history of it—the British Government had given
encouragement to the Abolitionists of the United
Slates, who were represented at the World's Con-
vention. The question of the abolition of slavery
was agitated in that convention. One gentleman
stated that Mr. Adams informed him, that if the
British Government wished to abolish slavery in
the United States, they must begin with Texas.
A commission was sent from this World's Con-
vention to the British Secretary of State, Lord
Aberdeen; and it so happened, that a gentleman
was present when the interview took place be-
tween Lord Aberdeen and the committee, who
gave me a full account of it shortly after it oc-
curred. Lord Aberdeen fell into the project, and
gave full encouragement to the Abolitionists. Well,
sir, it is well known that Lord Aberdeen was a
very direct, and, in my opinion, a very honest and
worthy man; and when Mr. Pakenliam was sent
here to negotiate with regard'to Oregon, and inci-
dentally with respect to Texas, he was ordered to
read a declaration to this Government, stating that
the British Government was anxious to put an
end to slavery al! over the world, commencing at
Texas. His well known, farther, that at that very
time a negotiation was going on between France
and England to accomplish that object, and our
Government was thrown, by stratagem, out of the
negotiation; and that object was—first, to induce
i Mexico to acknowledge the independence of Texas
upon the ground that she would abolish it. All
these are matters of history; and where is the man
so.blind—I am sure the Senator from Massachu-
setts is not so blind—as not to see, that if the
project of Great Britain had been successful, the
whole frontier of the States of Louisiana and
Arkansas, and the adjacent States, would have
been exposed to the inroads of British emissaries.
Sir, so far as I was concerned, I put it exclusively
upon that ground. I never would run into the folly
of re-annexation, which i always held to be ab-
surd. Nor, sir, would I put it upon the ground—
