'484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
upon which I might well have put it—of commercial
and manufacturing considerations, because those
were not my motive-principles, and I chose to as-
sign what were. So far as commerce and manu-
factures were concerned, I would not have moved
in the matter at that early period.
The Senator objects that many northern gentle-
men voted for annexation. Why, sir, it was nat-
ural that they should be desirous of fulfilling the
obligationsof the Constitution; and, besides, what
mari"at that time doubted that the Missouri com-
promise line would be adopted, and that the terri-
tory would fall entirely to the South? All that
northern men asked for, at that time, was the ex-
tension of that line. Their course, in my opinion,
was eminently correct and patriotic.
Now, Mr. President, having made these cor-
rections, I must go back a little farther, and cor-
rect a statement which I think the Senator has left
very defective, relative to the ordinance of 1787.
He stales very correctly that it commenced under
the old Confederation; that it was afterward con-
firmed by Congress; that Congress was sitting in
New York at the time, while the Convention sat
in Philadelphia; and that there was concert of ac-
tion. I have not looked into the- ordinance very
recently, hut my memory will serve me thus far,
that Mr. Jefferson introduced his first proposition
to exclude slavery in 3784. There was a vote
taken upon it, and I think on that vote every
southern Senator voted against it; but I am not
certain of it. One thing I am certain of, that it
was three years before the ordinance could pass.
It was sturdily resisted, down to 1787; and when
it was parsed, as I had good reason to believe, it
was upon a principle of compromise—first, th&t
the ordinance should contain a provision similar
to the one put in the Constitution, with respect to
fugitive slaves; and next, that it should be inserted
in the Constitution; and this was the compromise
upon which the prohibition was inserted in the
ordinance of 1787. We thought we had an in-
demnity in that, but we made a great mistake.
Of what possible advantage has it been to us?
Violated faith has met us on every side, and the
advantage has been altogether in their favor. On
the other side, it has been thrown open to a north-
ern population to the entite exclusion of the south-
ern. This was the leading measure which de-
stroyed the compromise of the Constitution, and
then followed the Missouri compromise, which
was carried mainly by northern votes, although
now disavowed and not respected by them. That
was the next step; and between these two causes,
the equilibrium has been broken.
[laving made these remarks, let me say, that I
took great pleasure in listening to the declarations
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts upon
several points. He puts himself upon the fulfill-
ment of the contract of Congress, jn the resolu-
tions of Texas annexation, for the admission of
the four new States provided for by those icsolu-
tions, to be formed out of the territory of Texas—
tfll that was manly, statesmanlike, and calculated
to do good, because just. He went farther: he
condemned, and rightfully condemned—and in that
lie has shown great firmness—the course of the
North relative to the stipulations of the Constitu-
tion for the restoration of fugitive slaves; but per-
mit me to say, for 1 desire to be candid upon all
subjects, that if the Senator, together with many
friends on this side of the chamber, puts his confi-
dence in the bill which has been reported here,
farther to extend the laws of Congress upon this
subject, it will prove fallacious, it is impossible
to execute any law of Congress, until the people of
the Siates shall cooperate.
I lieaid the gentleman with ereat pleasure say,
that he would not vote for the Wilmot proviso, for
he regarded such an act as unnecessary, considering
th':t nature had already excluded slavery. As far
as the new acquisitions are concerned, I am dis-
posed to leave them to be disposed of as the hand
of nature shall determine. It is what I always
have insisted upon. Leave that portion of the
country more natural to a non-slavehoiding pop-
ulation, to be filled by that description of popula-
tion; and leave that portion into which slavery
would naturally go, to be filled by a slaveholding
population—destroying artificial lines, though per-
haps they may be better than none. Mr. Jeffer-
son spoke like a prophet, of the effect of the Mis-
souri compromise line. I am willing to leave it
for nature to settle; and to organize governments
fur the territories, giving all free scope to enter and
prepare themselves to'participate in their priv-
ileges.- We want, sir, nothing but justice. When
the gentleman says that he is willing to leave it to
nature, I understand he is willing to remove all
impediments, whether real or imaginary. It is
consummate folly, to assert, that the Mexican law
prohibiting slavery in California and New Mex-
ico, is in fofce;and I have always so regarded it.
No man would feel more happy than myself, to
believe that this Union, formed by our ancestors,
should live forever. Looking back to the long
course of forty years' service here, I have the con-
solation to believe, that I have never done one act
which would weaken it—that I have done full jus-
tice to all sections. And if I have ever been ex-
posed to the imputation of a contrary motive, it i?
because I have been willing to defend my section
from unconstitutional encroachments. But I can-
not agree with the Senator from Massachusetts,
that this Union can not be dissolved. Am I to un-
derstand htm, that no degree of oppression, no
outrage, no broken faith, can produce the destruc-
tion of this Union? Why, sir, if that becomes a
fixed fact, it will itself become the great instru-
: ment of pioducing oppression, outrage, and bro-
ken faith. No, sir! the Union can be broken.
Great moral causes will break it, if they go on;
and it can only be preserved by justice,good faith,
and a rigid adherence to the Constitution.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, a single word
in reply to the honorable member from South Car-
olina. My distance from the honorable member,
and the crowded state of the room, prevented me
from hearing the whole of his remarks. I have
only one or two observations to make; and, to be-
gin, I first notice the honorable member's last
remark. He asks me, if I hold the breaking up
of' the Union, by any such thing as the voluntary
secession of States, as an impossibility? 1 know,
air, this Union can be broken up; every Govern-
ment can be; and I admit that there may be such
a degree of oppression, as will warrant resistance,
and a forcible severance. That is revolution—that
is revolution! Of that ultimate right of revolu-
tion, I have not been speaking. 1 know that that
law of necessity docs exist, i forbear from going
farther, becausc i do not wish to run into u dis-
cussion of the nature of this Government. The
honorable member and myself have broken lances
sufficiently often before on that subject.
Mr. CALHOUN, i have no desire to do it now.
Mr. WEBSTER. I presume the gentleman has
not, and 1 have quite as little. The gentleman re-
fers to the occasions on toiuch these great acqui-
sitions were made to territory on the southern side.
Why, undoubtedly, wise and skillful public men,
having an object to accomplish, may take advan-
tage of occasions. Indian wars arc an occasion;
a fcarof the occupation ofTexas by the British was
an occasion; but when the occasion came, under
the pressure of which, or under the justification
of which, the thing could be done, it was done,
and done skillfully. Let me say one thing farther;
and that is, that if slavery were abolished, as it
was supposed to have been, throughout all Mexico,
before the revolution and the establishment of the
Texan Government, then, if it were desirable to
have possession ofTexas by purchase, as a means
of preventing its becoming a British possession, I
suppose that object could have been secuied by
making it a free territory of the United States, as
well as a slave territory.
Sir, in my great desire not to prolong this de-
bate, I have omitted what I intended to say upon
a particular question, under the motion of the hon-
oiableS&natorfrom Missouri, proposmgan amend-
ment to the resolution of the honorable member
fiom Illinois; and that is, upon the propriety and
expediency of admitting California, under all cir-
cumstances, just as she is. The more general
subjects involved in this question, are now before
the Senate, under the resolutions of the honorable
member from Kentucky. I will say that I feel
under great obligations to that honorable memher
for introducing the subject, and for the very lucid
speech which he made, and which has been so
much read throughout the whole country. I am
also under great obligations to the honorable mem-
ber from Tennessee for the light which he has
shed upon this subject; and, in some respects, it
will be seen that I differ very little from the lead-
ing subjects submitted by either of those honor-
able gentlemen.
Now, sir, when the direct question of the ad-
mission of California shall be before the Senate, I
propose—but not before every other gentleman
who has a wish to address the Senate, shall have
gratified that desire—to say something upon the
boundaries of California, upon the constitution of
California, and upon the expediency, under all
the circumstances, of admitting her with that con-
stitution.
Mr, CALHOUN. One word, and I have done;
and that word is, that notwithstanding the acqui-
sition of the vast territory of Texas, represented
by the Senator from Massachusetts, it is the fact
that all that addition to our territory, made it
by no means equal to what the northern States
had excluded us from before that acquisition.
The territory lying west, between the Mississippi
and the Rocky Mountains, is three fourths of the
whole of Louisiana; and that winch lies between
the Mississippi and the Ohio, added to that, makes
a much greater extent of territory than Florida,
and Texas, and that portion of Louisiana that
has fallen to our share.
Mr. WALKER moved the postponement of the
farther consideration of the resolutions until to-
morrow; which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the other special
order, viz., the message of the President, trans-*
mitting the constitution of California, upon which
he is entitled to the floor, was postponed to Mon-
day next.
Mr. BADGER moved that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were called for, and being
taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Benton, Berrierty
Borland, Bradbuiy, Buikr, Calhonn, Cass, Chase, Clarke,
Clay, Cooper, Corvvin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Mississippi, Daws-on, Dauon, Downs, Fclch* Foote, Greene,
Hale, Hunter, Kms, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearee,
Phelps, Rtfjk, Rebajman, Seward, Smith, Soule, Tuiney,
Underwood, Wales,, Walker, Webster, and Whiteomb—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Dirkms-on, Dodge of Iowa, Doagla y
Hamlin, Jones, and Norris—
The Senate then adjourned.
DEFERRED DEBATE.'
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 7, 1850.
EXPLANATIONS—PERSONAL AND POLITICAL.
TheHou^e being in Committee or the Whole 011 the state
of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in Hie Ch.ur,) ami
the lloor having been yielded, tor the pin pose** of explana-
tion, to Messrs. IIii.i.iaiid and Sta.nly—
Mr. HILLIARD rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: The Methodist Episcopal
Church, with winch I have been connnected since
I attained manhood, devolves on certain of its
members, engaged in the various pursuits of life,
the duty of enforcing, occasionally in public, tile
religious truths held by that body of Christians.
This duty has been devolved on me by that
church. 1 am not insensible to the criticism to
which it subjects me; but such are my convictions
in regard to the duty, that I have no purpose of
relinquishing it, while I live. A sense of this re-
ligious obligation, has restrained me on all occa-
sions, m my intercouise with society, from any
depavtuie from the most perfect courtesy. Since
my connection with the Congress of the United
States, I have habitually forborne to trespass on
the rights, or even the feelings, of any of its mem-
bers. If on any occasion I had done so from in-
advertance, I should, when reminded of it, have
promptly repaired the wrong. My self-iespect,
as well as a sense of justice, dictated this course;
and that I have uniformly adhered to it, is well
known to gentlemen with whom I ha*ehadthe
honor to serve 011 this floor for years past, i may
safely appeal to gentlemen on both sides of the
chamber to sustain me in this statement.
On the other hand, I have at all times supposed
that no gentleman would allow himself to allude
in any oflensive sense to my religious profession.
There exists a strong disposition in vulgar minds
to do this, but I believe that no one has so far vio-
lated the rules of decorum as to do so, with two
exceptions.
* Tins debate is a continuation of the proceeding-! pub-
lished on the ia>t column ot page 475 of this woik, but was
not obtained in tune lot insertion in its place.
