158©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
ful to the States they represent ontfiis floor.' We
all agr^e that we can receive this protest; it is no
question of power; it is a question of expediency;
and I may almost say, of courtesy. We all feel
and know that excitement prevails in a large sec-
tion of the country. If it will gratify gentlemen,
if it will gratify that section of the country, why
not,receive this paper ? But it is said this would
be setting a precedent. Gentlemen are everlasting-
ly talking about precedent. When just such a
case as this shall ever arrive, I will extend the
same courtesy. J can see no possible injury that
will be occasioned by receiving this paper. We
do not, by any measure we take, stamp it with
any mark of our approbation. By receiving this,
•we would simply be allowing those gentlemen to
spread upon the Journal their reasons for believing
that the act we have passed is unacceptable to their
constituents.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I rise to make a
single remark in addition to what I have already
said on the subject. X did not intend, by any
means, to say that 1 would vote against the recep-
tion of this protest. In that spirit of courtesy, which
I trust yet pervades this body, I am willing to re-
ceive this protest; though, as I have heretofore
stated, I deeply regret that it should have been
presented. But, as other gentlemen, whose mo-
tives I have never questioned, and never shall
question, have thought it their duty to bring it
forward, however I may differ with them as to a
portion of the contents of the document, and how-
ever much I may be disposed to disapprove of its
being brought forward, I shall vote for its recep-
tion as a matter of courtesy and respect.
Mr. WINTHROP.' Mr. President, I would
respectfully ask of the Chair, whether the ques-
tion upon receiving this protest is understood
to include the proposition to enter it on the Jour-
nal ? In other words, is there to be more than one
question upon this subject? Will the question be
first on receiving the paper, and then on entering
it upon the Journal ?
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the reception of the naper.
Mr.-WINTHROP. I think it important that
the distinction, which I have stated, should be
taken by the Senate and by the Chair. If the
question is merely whether this paper shall be re-
ceived by the Senate, and shall be placed with
other papers which are respectfully presented, on
the files of the Senate, without being entered upon
the Journals, t should have no objection to such a
course.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, on reflection,
would state to the Senator, that the reception of
the paper would carry it on the Journal.
Mr. WINTHROP. I presumed such would
be the decision of the Chair. There is, then, but
one question to be decided; and that is, shall the
paper be received, and entered upon the Journals
of the Senate ?
Sir, 1 have always been in favor of the largest
courtesy, and of the most liberal construction of
rules, in regard to petitions, memorials, and other
papers which might be presented to Congress.
My honorable friend, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr.. Shiulbs,] compared this question to a ques-
tion upon receiving a petition. I am inclined to
think that the Senatorfrom Virginia, who presented
this paper, would be the last who would desire to
place it on that gi*6und. I am inclined to think
that his views with regard to the reception of pe-
titions are much more circumscribed than my
own. While I should go for the largest liberty of
presenting petitions, properly so called, from any
part of the people of the Onited States, upon any
subject upon which they may see fit to address
us, he would be disposed to limit that reception by
certain rules,to which 1 need not allude. It seems
to me, however, sir, that there is no analogy what-
ever between the question of receiving petitions,
or memorials, or remonstrances from the people,
and receiving a protest from honorable members
of this body—who are privileged to speak here,
and to vote here, in their own persons—with a
view to entering that protest upon the Journal.
Sir, the Constitution has already secured to the
honorable member from Virginia, and those who
are associated with him in this paper, the privilege
of enteii.ig upon the Journal the only protest worth
making. That constitutional protest does not
consist indeed of a lengthened argument of a heated
appeal on a question submitted to us. But it con-
sists in that which is more potent than any argu-
ment or any appeal—th.e emphatic word "no."
That protest remains on the Journal. The Con-
stitution has secured them the right of placing it
there, and there it stands. Their explanations are
for themselves and for the States which they rep-
resent.
Sir," does my honorable friend from Virginia
know that there is but one parliamentary body in
the world—so far as my own knowledge, cer-
tainly, goes—which acknowledges an inherent
right in its members to enter tjieir protests upon
the Journals? That body is the British House of
Lords. -It is the privilege of every peer, as I un-
derstand it, to enter upon the Journals his protest
against any measure which may have been passed
contrary to his own individual views or wishes.
But what has been the practice in our own coun-
try? You, yourself, Mr. President, have read to
us an authority upon this subject. It seems that
in the earliest days of our history, when there
may have been something more of a disposition
than I hope prevails among us now, to copy the
precedents of the British Government, a rule was
introduced into this body for the purpose of se-
curing to the Senators of the several States this
privilege which belongs to the Peers of the British
Parliament. That proposition was negatived. I
know not by what majority, for you did not read
the record; I know not by whose votes; but that
rule was rejected. It was thus declared in the
early days of our history that this body should
not be assimilated to the British House of Lords
in this respect, however it may be in any other; and
that individual Senators should not be allowed
this privilege which belongs to British Peers, of
spreading upon the Journals the reasons which
may have influenced their votes.
I am sure, sir, that my honorable friend from
Virginia would be the last, and that the State which
he represents would be the last, in these later days
of the Republic, to endeavor to bring about a greater
analogy between that body and this, and to en-
deavor to secure forus privileges which have here-
tofore been confined to an aristocratic peerage. I
say this in the utmost sincerity, and with the most
perfect respect to the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia. Indeed, nothing goes more against my own
heart than to refuse any privilege which may be
asked by a minoiity upon this, or upon any other
question.
But, sir, I cannot forget that the day has been
when I myself have desired to place my name—
not, indeed, upon the Journals'of this body, for I
have come here too recently to have had any de-
sires on the subject, but upon the records of another
body, in opposition to more than one measure
which has been brought up for my vote. Where
is the protest against the annexation of Texas?
If the precedent which it is now proposed to es-
tablish had been in existence at that time, can
there be a doubt that northern Senators, if not
southern Senators—for there were Senators from
the South, as well as Senators from the North,
who considered that measure unconstitutional, and
I hav® now in my eye an honorable Senator from
j Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] who cooperated with
us at that time on constitutional grounds—can
there be a doubt, I say, that there would have been
both northern and southern Senators, and north-
ern and southern Representatives, who would have
desired to avail themselves of an opportunity to
place upon the record their protest against the
annexation of Texas at the time it was accom-
plished ?
I am unwilling, sir, to admit that this it the first
time in our history that an act has been consum-
mated which renders such a protest justifiable or
proper. 1 Eyn unwilling to admit that there has been
no measure passed in the whole history of this
Government, in opposition to which members of
either branch were entitled, upon principles of
courtesy, if courtesy only is to prevail here, to enter
their names and their reasons upon the record.
Why, sir, I remember the bill* for the declara-
tion of the Mexican war, or, I should rather say,
the recognition of the Mexican war, in which that
memorable preamble was inserted, " whereas war
exists by the act of Mexico," &c. That bill was
passed with little or no debate; but at the very
moment of its passage in the other branch of Con-
gress, I drew up a protest against that preamble.
It is still extant, not indeed in " very choice
Italian," but in such chirography as I was able at
the-moment to command. It was signed by more
thai! myself. It was signed by an honorable friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] now a member of
this body, and by an honorable member from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] But we found that neither
precedent nor principle, as we thought, would
sanction us in any attempt to place that protest
upon the record, and we, therefore, forbore the at-
tempt.
-Now, sir, for myself,I do not desire to add fuel
to this flame, which seems almost ready to con-
sume the country. I desire to do nothing, and to
say nothing, to add to the irritation which exists
on the other side of this Chamber, and in certain
quarters of the Union. I am willing even to ac-
knowledge, and I do acknowledge, that there are
considerations and circumstances connected with
the admission of California, which are calculated
to excite and irritate gentlemen from the southern
States. I would spare their feelings.. But at the
same time I would adhere now and always to
those wholesome precedents, and I may add to
those established principles, which have heretofore
governed us in these legislative bodies. ! say,
those established principles, sir, for I can hardly
help regarding this as a question of principle. The
Constitution calls upon us, to do what? To keep
a Journal of our proceedings, in order that the
people may be able to see what measures have
passed, and who are responsible for those meas-
ures. Is this paper any part of our proceedings ?
The Constitution does not secure to a member the
privilege of entering his reasons on the record, nor
does it, in express terms, prohibit him from doing
so. But is there not something of an implication
to be derived from this express injunction of the
Constitution, that we should keep a Journal of our
proceedings? For, of what use will it be to keep
such a Journal, if the record of our proceedings is
to be cumbered and complicated, and smothered
up by such a succession of protests as will inevit-
ably succeed each other upon this and upon other
questions, if a precedent shall now be established ?
Where will the practice stop ? Sir, if the question
were merely to receive this paper, and treat it re-
spectfully, as we treat petitions and memorials, it
would gratify me to unite in assenting to s>ich a
course. But with the greatest possible respect for
the Senators who have signed it, I cannot vote for
its reception, if the question of reception involves
also the question of entering it upon the Journal.
Mr. BUTLER. I take it that the instance re-
ferred to by the Chair was one in which there was
an effort made to secure a perfect privilege to a
Senator, or a number of Senators, to place a pro-
test upon the record. That was the import, as I
understood it, of the case referred to by the Chair.
Well, sir, I do not know that I would have voted
for that at all; but even from that I do not appre-
hend the same danger which seems to he appre-
hended by other gentlemen. I do not know that
the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States are essentially different, so far as it
regards their organization, from the State Legisla-
tures. It has never been thought an unsafe pre-
cedent in a State Legislature for a certain number
of gentlemen, by permission for the time-being of
the House, to spread a protest upon the Journal.
I know it is not very common in my own State;
but there are instances—rare instances to be sura—
upon very grave occasions, when members choose
to give an emphatic form to the convicions of
their minds, and as one of the most solemn modes
of showing the opinions which they entertain of a
certain measure, with a view to let them have
what effect they may upon the public and upon
posterity. I understand that in nearly all the
States this is common; I will not say common, but
that there are precedents for it in the Legislatures
of all the States of the Union. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wintiirop] alluded to the
British House of Lords, as though we were now-
attempting to assimilate ourselves to the House of
Lords, in claiming the poor privilege of asking the
majority to let our reasons go out to the country
on our records. The gentleman need not have
alluded to the House of Lords with such empha-
sis, to show that we intend to claim m this motion
any of the lordly privileges attaching to that body.
Sir, that is not meeting the question as it comes
up. We have not asked for the privilege. We
would not now vote for the privilege, but I can
see no more harm, under*, representative Govern-
ment, of members who enteitain opinions putting
