1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-581
them upon the~rec,ord, than under any other form
of Government whatever. Sir, whether you put
-it on the reco.rd or not, the protest will go out to
the public. It will go into the public newspapers,
and have its effect just as much as if it went upon
the record. We are but asking that we may placs
it there, that posterity may read it, to show the
solemn conviction on our minds with regard to the
character and consequences of the measure which
has passed this body.
Mr. President, this is but a poor courtesy. We
have asked a slight boon, and, my word upon it,
our northern brethren,,and some others, do not
understand the state of the public mind upon this
subject. We have placed our opinions in this
form that we may speak to the public, and, as far
as we can, preserve the institutions of the coun-
try. What effect our voice will have, God only
knows. I suppose none upon this body. It is a
courtesy, not a lordly privilege, that we ask. it
is not as Peers, or in order to assimilate ourselves
to the House of Lords of Great Britain, that we
ask it as a privilege. Nothing of this kind; but
we ask, what is allowed in all the -State Legisla-
tures of the Union, that we may have for the time
being the right to spread our proiest upon your
^Journal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have heard but
few objections offered to this motion; one is, that
great' inconvenience might be entailed by estab-
lishing such a precedent. Now those who offered
that argument must have a much lower opinion of
Senators than that which I entertain. I do not-
suppose that any Senator would ever offer a pro-
test to this body unless the gravity of the occasion
would justify it, and if there should be any one
so lost'to discretion and a sense of propriety as to
do it, he would only cover himself with ridicule.
It is the magnitude of the occasion which justifies
the offering of a protest. In my opinion, this is
the gieatest that has occurred in the history of
our country, so far as regards the consequences
likely to ensue. The next argument offered
against this protest is, that it might inflame the
public mind, and those gentlemen who offer this
argument, by way of keeping peace and quiet, get
up and make speeches against it. It is not only
the protest which is offered to the Senate, but the
speeches which they have delivered, which will
go to the public, and I would tell those gemlemen
that when they make an argument against allow-
ing southern Representatives the right to place
upon the Journals of thejSenate an act which they
have performed under the instructions of their
Legislatures, and the known will of their constit-
uents, they are taking a step much more likely to
inflame the mind of the South than the publication
of that protest in every Journal the Senator can
name.
Sir, if that protest had been received quietly,
courteously received, instead of exciting, it would
rather have served to allay excitement. It would
have been, at least, to show that decent respect for
the opinions of others which I do not think has
been manifested in the progress of this question.
Therefore, whatever opposition they have made,
and in any debate they have introduced 011 this
question, they have served to increase the excite-
ment which they attempt, or at least say they
wish to allay.
The PRESIDENT. .The Chair will take oc-
casion to state that, according to the manner in
which the Journal is kept, the reception of the
paper would not probably spread it on the Journal.
The ordinary mode is sitnply to state that such a
paper was received, without giving the paper at
length. The objects of the protectants is to have
it on the Journal, and in order to insure that ob-
ject, the Chair will, if it be the pleasure of the
Senate, put the question whether it shall go on the
Journal. The Chair only wishes to accommodate
the Senate.
Several Senators: Agreed! agreed'
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to inquire of the
• Chair whether, under the rule which 1 now under-
stand the Chair to intimate, if, after that paper is
received, a motion should be made to dispose of
it, upon that'motion would it not, in making up
the Journal, go upon it? I desire to know, before
voting upon the motion to receive, and without in-
dicating now I would vote as to spreading it upon
the Journal, whether, if that paper is received, and
a motion is made to lay it upou the table, or that
it be placed upon the files and indefinitely post-
poned, there is not some motion that may be made
upoia which the yeas and nays may be ordered,
and thus, in making up the Journal, that docu-
ment be spread upon it from the necessity of the
casfe ?
The PRESIDENT. There are questions cer-
tainly which would carry it upon the Journal, but
the simple motior) to lay upon the table would not
carry it upon the Journal. It would be simply
designated.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then 1 understand that if we
receive this paper, there are a variety of motions
which may be made by which it would go on the
Journal. Those, therefore, who are opposed to
spreading it upon the Journal, are driven to the
necessity of voting against its reception.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator suggest one
motion which he supposes will insure the spread-
ing of that protest upon the Journal?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not desire to submit any
motion.
Mr. BERRIEN. I ask for information, that
the Senator will suggest any motion which would
necessarily place that protest upon the Journal.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will answer the Senator. I
apprehend that a motion can easily be made by
one of his friends to place that protest on the Jour-
nal, which would necessarily carry it there, even
if the Senate should decide not to put it there.
Mr. BERRIEN. We are daily in the habit of
receiving papers, and having them presented here,
and there is a conjoint motion that they be re-
ceived and laid upon the table. I apprehend that
in no case of that sort does the paper go upon the
Journal. Suppose the yeas and nays were called
for, the result would, 'I apprehend, be the sape.
The paper is not spread upon the Journal, but it is
described in such a way that it may be clearly
identified. Now I desire upon this subject to say
that this is clearly a question which addresses
itself to the discretion, and courtesy, and liber-
ality of the Senate. The Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] who made this application, began
by disavowing any claim, as a matter of right, to
the reception and entering of this protest upon the
Journal. It is an appeal to the liberality of the
Senate, and I think the analogy which the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] has drawn
between this case and that of the British House of
Lords, with a view to attach to this application the
prejudice that the Senators who are asking to have
their reasons spread upon the Journal are endeav-
oring to claim to themselves the lordly and aristo-
cratic privileges of that body 
Mr. WINTHROP. I disavow it altogether.
The Senator is imputing to me what I did not ssiy
or mean.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am glad to receive the dis-
avowal, but the reference to the aristocratic privi-
leges which are asserted in the persons of British
noblemen, who claim the right of putting their in-
dividual protests on the Journal, has no analogy to
this case, and it left in my mind no other inference
than that it was intended to attach to this the
prejudice which would result from seeking to ob-
tain the privileges of British noblemen upon this
subject. 1 desire to say that the aspect in which
I consider this question is, not that it is a claim
on the part of individual Senators in their own
right, or foi their own sakes, but that it is a claim
for and in behalf of the States which they repre-
sent, and as the representatives of those-States. I
agree perfectly with the observation made by the ,
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that in the
absence of all precedents this is a case in which
there is a degree of excitement in the public mmd
which it is of the utmost importance to endeavor
to allay by every conciliatory means that can be
adopted consistently with our duty. It is merely
a question appealing to the discretion of the
Senate. And I cannot apprehend the danger from
the precedent whicn gentlemen suppose will at-
tach to it. Why, sir, to adopt the language of the
Senator from Michigan, when a case of like mag-
nitude shall occur again, under circumstances like
those which attended the present application, I
shall be perfectly prepared myself to exercise the
discretion which the Senate will be called upon to
exercise in every such future application. In de-
termining whether the paper shall or shall not go
upon the Journal, unquestionably the Senate will
have to exercise its discretion with caution. It
will have to examine carefully every paper which
is offered to be spread upon the Journal. It will
take care that no paper disrespectful to this body,
no paper intended to incumber the Journal with,
voluminous arguments, shall be spread upon> it.
But these two cautions being observed, and car-
ried out, I do not anticipate the evils which other
gentlemen seem to expect. It is agreed that_ there
is nothing in the temper, language, tone, or"spirit
of this paper which is objectionable. It. is a fair,
honest, manly expression of the opinipn of those
gentlemen who have subscribed it, and if it be not
a voluminous argument, which it is supposed may
incumber the Journal; if the particulars stated ia
it be unexceptionable, then, I ask, upon what
ground can an application made, not m ttie asser-
tion of an established right, but as an appeal to
the courtesy of the Senate—made, too, in a spirit
which is calculated to allay rather than increases
excitement—upon what ground is that application
to be refused ?
Now, having said thus much in relation to the
application of the Senator from Virginia, on be-
half of myself and associate, for which I shall
cheerfully give my vote, it seems proper to say
why, as a southern Senator, my name does not
appear to that paper. I have to state simply that
the Legislature of Georgia, having prescribed to
its functionaries the action which is to be taken in
view of the passage of this bill, and having ful-
filled my duty to that State in the progress of the
bill, I do not feel that I am authorized by any,act
of mine to interfere between that Legislature and
the action which it has prescribed through its con-
stitutional authorities.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the question will be so
put as to enable every Senator to vote agreeably to
his sentiments and views. 1 hope the question
will not be put merely upon the reception ot the
paper, whereby Senators may be deceived and en-
tiapped into having it put on the Journal by some
parliamentary motion, when they do not intend
that it should, be done. I hope also that the Sen-
ate wul not receive the paper and deprive the
owners of it, unless they intend to place it on the
Journal. 1 hope that when the vote is taken it
will be a decisive vote, and that it will be taken to-
gether on the reception 'and spreading on the
Journal, and then no one can be mistanen. Every
Senator will then understand what it will accom-
plish, and what he is voting for. 1 will move that.
The PRESIDENT. The question, under the
parliamentary ruie, comes up upon the reception
of every .paper which is objected to; but, it it is
the pleasure of the Senate, ttie Chair will put the
question on receiving and spreading on the Jour-
nal.
Mr. TURNEY^- I ask for the yeas' and Bays
on that motion.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no; do not ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TURNEY. Very well, sir, I will not.
Mr. BADGER. 1 desire to say a very few
words upon this subject. I wish to correct the
mistake into which the Senator trom Massachu-
setts [Mr. Winthrop] has fallen, 111 supposing
that the English House of Lords is the only par-
liamentary body 111 the world, in whicn the privi-
lege of entering protests is a matter of right.
The Constitution of North Carolina expressly se-
cures that light to every member of both branches
of her Legislature. And, although in my own
State that privilege exists and has existed since
the year 1776, when the Constitution was framed,
there has not oeen any reason to complain of any
abuse of the rights so conferred; and i tuink it
probable that not mote than halt1 a Cozen c^ses—
certainly not more than a dozen, have occurred
within that period. At the same time I must say
that 1 have felt it to be a question of very serious
importance whether, on this occasion, the Senate
of the United States shall authorize trie reception
and putting upon their Journal of a paper ot tins
character, not on account of any objection to the
contents of that papei—not without a vei'y serious
conviction that theuccaaion is one which, if any oc-
casion would justify such a departure from the usage
of the body, would seem to warrant it—but upon
the ground that, after so great a length of time, m
which so many questions of high liiipoiiauce have
arisen and been decided 111 this body, and decided
against a minority, believing that their most im-
portant rights had been more or less invaded, and
deeming that constitutional privileges and consti-
tutional injunctions bad been denied or disregard-
ed, that, notwithstanding so many questions of
