490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
tb£ Whole, gave the applicant one year's pension
in advance. He was in favor of the amendment
adopted by that committee. He apprehended the
matter had been discussed long enough, and there-
fore moved the previous question. He withdrew
the motion at the request of—
Mr. GORMAN, who said, that in this case,
there was no agent before the committee, nor was
the soldier who makes the application, before it.
The papers were presented from the War Depart-
ment. The only reason why the argus-eyed gen-
tleman at the head of the Pension Office did not
allow the pension, was, because the applicant
could not account, according to the rules of the
department, for the time when he was imprisoned.
There was nobody to be found who could trace
him out, to establish the period of service for
which he claimed the pension. He wanted the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] to know,
that that was the only reason why the department
did not grant the pension. The reason why the
period of 1840 was adopted by the committee,
was, that it was the period of the application. He
expressed the hope that the House would not do
so great an act of injustice, as to adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sackett,] but let the pension commence when the
proof was made.
Mr. CARTTER explained, that he had, in his
remarks, intended no reflection upon the revolu-
tionary soldier; his remarks were intended to
apply to such revolutionary soldiers as were res-
urrected by agents.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, after a few remarks
in farther support of the bill, moved the previous
question.
The previous question received a second; and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. GLRRY asked what the main question
would be.
The SPEAKER said the main question would be
first on theamendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sackett,] to strike out i( nine," in
the amendment of the Committee of the Whole,
and insert " five;" and next, on the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole, as amended or not,
as the case mi^ht be.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, expressed
the hope, that the gentleman from New York;would
withdraw his amendment, so as to bring the
House directly to a choice between the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole and the
original bill.
Mr. SACKETT did not withdraw his amend-
ment.
The question was then put on striking out 1849,
and inserting 1845, and decided in the negative.
The question then recurred on concurring with
che Committee of the Whole in its amendment,
which substituted 1849 for 1840, and it was de-
cided in the negative—ayes 53, noes 76.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
They \i ere not ordered.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was declared to he disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was read
the third time and passed.
The SPEAKER announced that the House had
now disposed of all the bills reported from the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, hoped that the
gentleman would withdraw his motion, so as to
allow him (Mr. S.) to move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, toatlbrd the gentleman, [Mr. Stanton,
of Kentucky,] who commenced his speech yestcr- j
day, an opportunity of concluding it. J
The SPEAKER said, the question would first ;
be on the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Thomas,] if the gentleman did not with-
draw it.
Mr- THOMAS said that, personally, he would \
be gratified to accommodate the gentleman from 1
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton;] but during the three j
months of the present session, Congress had given ;
but one day to the private calendar. He (Mr. T.) j
must, theiefore, insist on his motion. 1
The SPEAKER said, the question was not de- \
batable.
The question was then taken on the motion of t;
Mr. Thomas, and the vote was declared to be—•
ayes 75, noes 58.
Mr. INGE suggested, that the question was not
understood; and .requested the Speaker again to
state it.
The SPEAKER did so.
Mr, ROOT hoped, he said, that the House
would go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to allow the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] to finish his speech.
The committee could then rise, and the House
could go into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar.
The question was again taken, and, by yeas 81,
noes 67, was decided in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Schenck, of Ohio, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of bills on the
private calendar.
LOAN OFFICE CERTIFICATES.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Jett, deceased.
The bill was read as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate alid House of Representatives of
the United States'of America, in Congress assembled, Tllat the
Secretary of the Treasury be, atid lie is hereby, required to
pay to the legal representatives of Thomas Jett, deceased,
the specie value of thirteen loan office certificates, num-
bered iioui four hundred and Ibrty-three to four hundred
and fifty-five, both included, dated March fourth, seventeen
hundied and seventy-nine, payable to Thomas Jett, each
for the nominal sum ol six hundred dollars; all of winch
said certificates issued from the loan office for the State of
Virginia, on account of the United States; together with the
interest on said certificates: Provided, That before pay-
ment is made, the representatives aforesaid shall give bond
with surety, to be approved by the Secretary, to refund the
amount paid, if any other person shall produce and make
due piool that he is the bona tide owner of said certificates,
oi any of them, or tllat t-aid certificates have heretofore been
paid by the United States.
Mr. THOMAS said, he desired to call the atten-
tion of the committee to this case, not so much on
account of the importance of the bill itself, as be-
cause it was one of a class coming up before this
House, and the decision of which would establish
a principle that might lead to much confusion and
to a heavy drain upon the public treasury. He
asked, before proceeding, that the report of the
committee might be read.
The report (by Mr. Chester Butler, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims) was read
accordingly.
[From this report, it appears that the petitioner
is the legal representative of William Storke Jett,
who was the only son and heir of Thomas Jett,
deceased. The petitioner claims payment for thir-
teen loan office certificates, issued to Thomas Jett,
by the State of Virginia, on account of the United
States, during the war of the Revolution, for
money loaned to the then Government. It is said
that these certificates have never been transferred
by said Thomas Jett, and that they have been lost,
and were never paid by the United States. It is
proved, by a certificate from the Register of the
Treasury, that on the 4th of March, 1779, loan-
office certificates, numbered from 443 to 455, both
inclusive, were issued to Thomas Jett, and that
the same " remain outstanding and unpaid;" each
certificate being for the nominal sum of six hun-
dred dollais, and of the specie value of fifty-nine
dollars and thirty-eight cents. It is represented
that Thomas Jett died soon after the war, leaving
his son a minor, and his estate to the care of ex-
ecutors, through whose neglect and inattention,
these papers have been lost, as, after diligent
search, they cannot be found. . j
The committee are satisfied that these certificates |
were issued to Thomas Jett, and that they have j
not been paid. They think the presumption rea- '
sonable, that they never were transferred to any ■
person, but were accidentally lost, or destroyed, |
after the death of Thomas Jett; inasmuch as near ;
j seventy years have elapsed since they were issued, !
and they have not been presented for payment, j
This case has been befoie under consideration, !
by former committees, and has been reported on j
favorably. i
The committee, therefore, report a bill, direct-
ing the amount due on these certificates, with in-
terest, to be paid to the legal representative of
Thomas Jett, upon his entering into bond, with 1
secuiity, to be approved by the Secretary of the ]
Treasury, to refund the amount paid, if said cer- j
tificates should hereafter be presented for payment, '
by any other person having a legal title to them.] '•
It thus appeared, (Mr. T. proceeded to remark,)
that the only facts said to be established were, that
the certificates had been issued, and that there was
no evidence that they had ever been paid, and
that, in the words of the committee, " it is rep-
' resented that Thomas Jett died soon after the
' war, leaving his son a minor, and his estate to
' the care of executors, through whose neglect and
' inattention these papers have been lost; as after
'diligent search, they cannot be found." There
were a number of cases of this very character, in-
volving a considerable amount of money, which
would come up for the action of the House.
In deciding what a proper disposition of them
would be, there were, he thought, two questions
which presented themselves. The first was, ought
these claims to be paid at all; and the second was,
if paid, ought interest to be allowed upon them,
(for it would be seen that the bill provided for
the payment of interest upon the certificates.)
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, asked Mr. T.
to yield the floor, to enable him (Mr. B.) to send
to the Clerk's table, to be read, an amendment
which he wished to offer.
Mr. THOMAS having yielded,
The amendment was presented as follows, to
come in before the proviso :
"According to the principles of the funding act, to be
calculated as if the said certificates had been subscribed to
the loan authorised by the Government, and paid as the
funded debt was paid."
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the proposed amendment.
Mr. .THOMAS (resuming) said, that he had
yielded the floor only for the purpose of having
the amendment read for information.
The report of the committee set forth, that this
claim had been under consideration by former
committees, and had been favorably reported upon
by them. How many committees it had been be-
fore, he did not know. He could not find that it
had been presented to any Congress prior to the
Thirtieth. He should he glad, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Butler,] who reported
the bill, would inform the committee if any re-
ports had been made^upon itsprior to the Thirtieth
Congress.
Mr. BUTLER said, he could not say.
Mr. THOMAS said, that the oldest report
which he had been able to find, was dated in the
year 1848. Nor did he know of any having been
made previous to that time. The bill, moreover,
did not contemplate the payment of this money to
the individnal himself, or to his children, but to
his grandchild And not only so, but it proposed
to allow interest upon the claim for seventy years.
Mr. T. then proceeded to call the attention of
the committee to the course pursued under former
laws in relation to these loan-office certificates, to
show the limits as to time to which they had
been confined, and also that the payments had
been limited to the soldieis themselves, who had
rendered personal service to the country. The
same committee, who had reported this bill at the
present session, had, during the last Congress, in-
structed the same gentleman to make a similar re-
port. The case went to the Senate. A report was
made upon it, by an able Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Phelps,] to which he (Mr. T.) desired, for
a moment, to call the attention of the committee.
The report stated, that the case of Thomas Jett
was, in all respects, similar to that of William
Shippen, which had been already reported to the
Senate; and the committee recommended the
adoption of a resolution, rejecting the prayer of
the petition. The case of William Shippen, to
which reference was made, was identical wtth that
before the committee. The petitioner represented
himself as the grandson, and sole heir, of Thomas
Shippen, deceased, and stated that, on the 23d of
June, 1777, an outstanding final certificate was is-
sued from the loan office to the said William Ship-
pen, for the sum of five hundred dollars, loaned by
the said William Shippen to the Continental Gov-
1 ernment of the United States—that he believed the
; said certificate had never been assigned to any
: other person—that it was lost, &c. The only ev-
' idence exhibited to the committee, was a certificate
j from the Register of the Treasury, setting forth
1 that, on an examination of the books of theTreas-
j ury, he found that there was an outstanding final
| settlement certificate, issued, June 23d, 1777, to
William Shippen, for five hundred dollars, and
1 that the specie value at that time was five hundred
