1584.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14.
modified, shall be settled by the mutual agreement
of the parties. Suppose they never agree?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will require a new act, of
course.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It would require a new
dot, but then we should be met, on the passage of
that new act, by something like a pledge, so far
as Congress could give it by the old act, that we
were to abstain from legislation on the subject
until this agreement took place. I do not like to
incumber ourselves by a stipulation of that kind.
I do not intend, by any means, to repeat the
41 arguments which have heretofore been had. I in-
tend now to vote without speaking, from this time
to the end of the session pretty much, and I hope
that all of us may limit our remarks to a few min-
utes, and dispatch the public business, and go
home as speedily as'we can. I believe we have a
right to govern this country, and that we should
do 'it at once, and, therefore, I shall vote against
the amendment.
"* Mr. POOTE. I wish to~say a word in reply to
tl)e remark made by the Senator from Kentucky.
I hardly think he can accomplish all his objects,
though it is possible. He assisted greatly in de-
feating the compromise bill, and if he had had his
own way, he would have defeated the Texas
boundary bill; and now if he could have his own
way he would defeat this bill. 1 must say, 1 think
the Senator has scarcely considered this matter in
all its befirings, or he would not have presented
any opposition to it. It is impossible to give a
territorial government to New Mexico, as all
know, .at present, unless this clause shall be in-
serted, and yet all are anxious, I trust, that some-
thing should be done at the present session for that
,object ; that this remaining question should be
settled whilst the two Houses are presumed to
be in a proper humor. The country at large de-
mands immediate action.
I do not wish by any means to be considered
what some are inclined to suppose, a supporter of
the present Administration m all respects. I trust
1 may not be supposed to have shifted my rela-
tions and my attachment to the Democratic party;
and yet these questions are such that gentlemen
may well unite and act upon them, such is the
actual state of things known to exist at present.
And it does so happen that the present Adminis-
tration, since it has come into power—differing, as
I think, from the late Administration in that re-
spect—has, with a magnanimity worthy of special
commendation, and with, as I conceive, patriot-
ism, and an enlightened judgment as to vhe future,
made a special recommendation to the effect of this
amendment. Is it for me, a Democratic Senator,
dyed in the wool, to be compelled here to rise up
in my place and urge the Senator from Kentucky,
who is as much a Whig as I. am a Democrat, to
come to the rescue of one of the most vital recom-
mendations made by this Administration ?
All I have to say, in conclusion, is, what I once
before said when 1 was incorrectly reported—
although the reports are generally remarkably cor-
rect—that. I could apply to him the language of
William Pitt to Mr. Fox, when he thought him to
have aberrated from his Whig character in a man-
ner and under such circumstances as to un-Whig
the gentleman for life.
Mr. BENTON, Is there an amendment pend-
ing to the amendment?
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order to move
an amendment tQ the amendment.
Mr. BENTON. I then move to strike out all
after the word " be" in the present amendment,
after the first clause, and insert the words:
'•Confined to that part of New Mexico which was actually
settled and occupied as a part of New Mexico at the tune
of the cession ot the country to the United States, and
which K-i not included withm the boundary hue proposed to
Texas.1'
Debate ensued, in which Messrs. BENTON,
RUSK, UNDERWOOD, PRATT, FOOTE,
CHASE, ATCHISON, WINTHROP, BRAD-
BURY, COOPER, and others took part; of which
a report will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to post-
pone the further consideration of this subject till
to-morrow, with a view to ask the Senate,' if they
shall agree to that, to go into Executive session.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, unless there is
some Executive business very urgently pressing,
I hope my colleague will withdraw his motion.
I think wo can through with the bill to-day. I
shall be compelled to leave town this evening, in
consequence of the indisposition of two members
of my family; and f am very desirous of giving
my vote on this measure.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. We cannot get
through with the bill to-day. '
Mr. FOOTS. I think we can.
, Mr. DOUGLAS. ,L,et us have a vote on the
amendment now, at any rate.
Mr. HALE. I hbpe the motion will be adopt-
ed. I can assure the Senate that great and posi-
tive injustice will be done unless we have an Ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. CASS. One word. The country is vastly
more interested in this matter than they are in any
little appointment. ✓
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, there were nine m the affirmative, and eigh-
teen in the negative—no quorum voting.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays
oh the motion to postpone.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, before the yeas
and nays are ordered, I wish to be distinctly un-
derstood by the whole Senate. I shall be com-
pelled to go fifty miles from this place to-night in
consequence of the illness of two members of my
iamily. I am anxious to give my vote on this
bill. I do trust we will get to a vote on it to-day.
There is no necessity for delay. The matter has
been thoroughly discussed from beginning to end.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to postpone.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, in
submitting the motion which I offered, 1 was
moved by two considerations: First, the bill has
beep to-day modified by very material amend-
ments, which we will best understand after they
are printed; secondly, there is Executive business
pending, which, I think, ought to be transacted,
and which it is important should be transacted im-
mediately. The bill, if it pass, cannot go into
effect until the consent of Texas be given to the
cession of territory proposed. Even the bill for
the cession of the territory has not passed the
House of Representatives. If it ever shall pass,
H must still be submitted to the people of Texas
before this law can have any effect. Believing
there is no pressing necessity for this bill, 1 thought
it should not have been taken up until after the
ordinary business of the Senate should have been
attended to. 1 think that this measure, which can
have no effect until a remote period, should be
postponed for more pressing legislation.
The question then being taken, by yeas and
nays, on the motion "to postpone, resulted as fol-
lows:
YKAS—Mes&rs. Chas'i, Davis of Mississippi, Greene,
Hale, Mason, Miller, Morion, Sebastian, Tuiney, and Win-
tlirop—10.
NAYS—Messts. Atchison, Badger, Benton, Berrien,
Bradbury, Bright, (';i -s. Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge or Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Feleh, Fuole,
Hamlin, Houston, Jones, Kuii*, Mangum, Norris, IVatt,
liu-If, Smith, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Wtuteomb—30.
So the motion was rejected.
The question was then taken ofl the amendment
to the amendment, by veas and nays, with the
following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Hah-, Uudeivvood, Upham and Winlhrop—6.
NAYS—l\les-is. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, lirail-
bury, Cass, Cooper, Davi^ of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felclu Foote, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, Kinif, Manguin, Mason, Moiton, Norris, Piatt, Itusk,
Sebastian Shields, Smnh, Suul6, Sturgeon, Turtiey, and
Wales—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment to of-
fer to the amendment. 1 will send it to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. If it is in the shape of an
additional section it will not be in order now.
Mr. HALE. Such an amendment was admit-
ted on a former occasion.
The PRESIDENT. Not while I was in the
Chair.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. jPouglas] the propriety
of amending the amendment by omitting the words
" by the mutual assent of the parties."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I accept the modification; I
am not at all choice m the phraseology.
The PRESIDENT. The question must be
taken on the modification.
The question being_jaken, the modification was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was then agreed to
without a division.
Mr. FOOTE. I wish now to offer an amend-
ment.
— The PRESIDENT. The Chair understood that
the Senator from New Hampshire had an amend-
ment to offer a few moments ago.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand that that amend-
ment was unseasonable at the time, and as 1 am
going away to-night, and as I believe the Senator
from New Hampshire is not particular whether
his amendment or mine has priority, 1 suppose I
may offer it now.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi proposes to amend the bill by inserting the
following proviso after the word New Mexico, jn
the eighth line:
" Provided, further, That, when admitted as a State, the
said Territory, 01 <iny poiuon of tlie same, shall be received
into the Union, with or without slavery, as their constitu-
tion may prescribe at the time of their admission."
[Question! Question!]
Mr. CHASE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. FootEj and it was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In section 28, line 11, con-
taining an appropriation of $20,000 for public
buildings, I move to strike out the words: "Out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, is hereby appropriated/' and insert
4' shall hereafter be appropriated." The Senate
will understand the object of the amendment,
without reading the amendment as proposed to be
amended.
Mr. CHASE. I would inquire of the honora-
ble chairman of the Committee on Territories what
will be the effect of this amendment? I do not see
myseif any effect it will have except to avoid a
rule of the House by which the House would have
to go into Committee of the Whole upon the bill,
and to facilitate the application of the previous
question to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The reason assigned by the
Senator from Ohio is the very best reason that
could be given. If, by striking out this, we avoid
the rule of the House that compels it to go into
Committee of the Whole upon tne bill, and facili-
tate the application of the previous question to it,
I think we accomplish much. Besides, it is due
to the House that we should pursue this course.
Again, there are many appropriations in the bill
hereafter to be made, such as the contingent ex-
penses of the territorial legislature, and this makes
the bill uniform in its phraseology,
Mr. CHASE. I would ask whether this bill is
not changed in its phraseology in this respect
from that providing a territorial government for
Utah ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state that it was in-
tended that the same amendment should be made
to the Utah bill, but that it was omitted by mis-
take.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I movethe same amendment
in section thirty; that is, to strike out the words
" be and the same is hereby," and insert the worda
" shall be hereafter."
The PRESIDENT. That makes it conform to
the last passed amendment in another yection,and
no question will be taken unless it is called for.
The amendment was made by common consent.
Mr. CHASE. I beg leave to submit an amend-
ment to come in the ninth line of section twenty-
two, after the word residents:
" iS'or fchaf! theie be in said teriitory either slavery or in-
voluntary servitude, otherwise than in punishment ofcrime,
whereof the party shall have been Uuly convicted to have
been personally guilty."
I do not intend to make a speech upon this
amendment. But I wish to say to the Senate and
the country that this amendment is in the precise
words—only so far modified as to adopt them to
their position in this bill—of the proviso of Mr.
Jefferson, now extant in his own handwriting, to
the original plan of Government for the entire
Western Territory of the United States. And on
this amendment i ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
^ Mr. BALDWIN. I rise merely to say that,
since the former vote upon this territorial bill,
