THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHfTC. RIVES.—1TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSIOJV.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1850.
New Series.... No. 100.
when it formed part of the omnibus bill, I have
received from his Excellency, Mr. Seymour, the
Governor of Connecticut, a number of resolutions
which were passed by the Legislature of that State,
one of which is in these words;
"Resolved, That Congress has fut! constitutional power
to prohibit slavery in the Territories of the United States by
legislative enactment, and that it is the duty of Congress to
pass, without unnecessary delay, such strict and positive
Saws as will effectually shut out slavery from every portion
of these Territories."
Mr. DICKINSON". My colleague, finding him-
self in declining health, has been obliged to with-
draw his attendance in the Senate for a few days
for the purpose of relaxation. He would not do
so, however, unless I would agree to pair off with
him on all questions of this kind. As he remarked
that he could find no Senator who would be so
sure Co vote against his views on this and similar
questions as I would be, and as he obliged me by
declining to vote on a particular question during
my temporary absence, on which we should have
voted on different sides, I shall decline to vote on
this question, not entertaining those views on the
great subject of human freedom which are enter-
tained by my colleague.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Chase, and it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin,Bradbury, Briyht,Chase,Coop-
er, Davis of Massachusetts, Dodge of Wisconsin, Felch,
Gruene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Morris, Phelps, Shields,
Smith, Uphaiti, Walker, Whitcomh, and Winthrop—20
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell,Benton,Beriien,
Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa, Downs,
Foote, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King, Mangum, Mason,
Morton, Piatt, Rusk, Sebastian, SouM, Sturgeon, Under-
wood, and Wales;—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have now an amendment to
offer precisely simitar to one which received the
sanction of the Senate, and was incorporated in
the compromise bill. In section twenty-five, line
forty-two, after the word dollars, insert—
" Except only thwt in al! ca^es involving title to slaves,
the said writs of error or appeals shall he allowed and de-
cided by the said supreme court, without regard lo the
value of the matter, property,or title m controversy; and
except, also, that a writ of eiror or appeal phall also be al-
lowed to Hie Supreme Court of the United States from the
decision ot the said supreme court created by this act, or
of any judjje thereof, or of the district courts created by
this act, or of any jnri*e thereof, upon any writ involving
the question of (personal freedom."
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the first branch of it, which
relates to writs of error on appeals with regard to
t Mr. HALE. I hope not.
The motion to strikeout was negatived.
The question then recurred on the amendment,
and a division being called for, there were for the
amendment, ayes 26, noes not counted.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HALE. In the same section, line forty-
five, after the words <( United States," ( move to
insert what I send to the Chair. I would also say
that it is copied from the amendment which was
adopted in the other bill, and it is intended to
grant writs of habeas corpus, which, as the bill
now stands, could be had by implication only:
"And the said supreme and district courts of the said
Terruoiy, and the respective judges thereof, shall and may
grant writs of habeas corpus in all cases in which the same
are graniable by the judges of the United States in the Dis-
trictot Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Several Senators. Now take question on the
bill-
There being no further amendments, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
concurring in the several amendments which have
been made as in Committee of the Whole. The
question will be taken upon them separately, if
required. If not, it will be taken upon them all
together.
Several Senators. All together, all together.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ments al! together, and they were concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, without a division.
100
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and,
after some time spept therein, the doors were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 15, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
Mr. DOTY asked and obtained leave to offer
the followiug resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to com-
municate to this House a copy of the report, survey, plans,
and estimates, of the Topographical Engineers, for the im-
provement of the harbor of O'Zaukee, in the State of Wis-
consin.
No objection being made—
The resolution was received and adopted.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations, for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1851 • , • , •
Mr. DUER addressed the committee during his
hour. He vindicated (against the attacks of
Mr. Stephen's and Mr. Toombs) the positions
taken in the recent message of the President of
the United States, relative to his duty in cer-
tain contingencies to call out the military forces of
the United States, in defence of the inhabitants of |
New Mexico. He combated the arguments of
Mr. SEDDONand Mr. Woodward, relative to the
want of power in the General Government to co-
erce a sovereign State. Although he considered
the extreme territorial claim of Texas invalid, he
urgently advocated the payment of ten millions to
her, in discharge of the equitable liabilities of the
Government for her debts, in settlement of the
boundary dispute, and as a measure of peace. He
repelled the sneers and imputations of cowardice
cast upon the latter reason by Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, and others, pointed out in what
respect that gentleman had, in his remarks, done
injustice to the President, and emphatically re-
affirmed and vindicated his support of the Texas
boundary hill as a measure of peace.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, next addressed
the committee. He lamented the position in which
this question had been placed by the President of
the United States, who had undertaken to decide
the question of boundary, and then had declared
what he conceived to be his duty, in case of the
non-action of Congress, in regard to the subject,
viz: to protect the^people inhabiting what he re-
garded as New Mexico, if necessary, by military
force. If, then, the bill, which was now upon the
Speaker's table, providing for the settlement of
the boundary of Texas, should fail to become a
law, the necessity would arise for the President to
adopt the alternative which he had indicated.
He maintained the validity of the title of Texas
to the territory claimed by that State, and declared
his unwillingness to vote for the bill which had
passed the Senate, contrary to his judgment,
merely because the President had taken the course
he had. If the issue between the North and the
South was to come, it might as well come upon the
question which the President had now made. One
thing was quite certain, which was, that if blood-
shed"5 resulted front any collision 'induced by the
action of the Executive, it would only serve to
cement the Union the more firmly, and not to
dissever it. He further stated that he should take
all the other and xkindred measures which were
now before the House, or which should be here-
after submitted, upon their own merits, without
regard to any expression of opinion in reference to
them on the part of the Executive.
; Mr. VENABLE followed. He opposed the
! payment of ten millions of dollars for the territory,
i and maintained that it now belonged to and should
.i continue to be held by the State of Texas.
' He estimated that three fourths of the revenues of
the General Government were drawn from the
people of the South, and denounced the plan of
taxing them seven and a half millions for the
purchase of territory—now slave territory—to be
converted into an abolition State. If the territo-
ry belonged to Texas, it would be a breach of faith
on her part, to the slaveholding States, to sell it; if
it belong to the United States he did not want the
Government to buy it. He condemned the doc-
trines of the message, and scorned its threats. He
exhorted the southern Representatives to resist
the passage of the boundary bill, and the people
of Texas to stand for the maintenance of their
rights*, and said if this were done, we would see
the President backing out, and no blood would be
shed. He avowed himself as no nulhfier or dis-
organize^ butardently devoted to theUmon—when
regarded as a means of dispensing to all sections^
theirjustand equal benefits and their constitutional
rights. He declared that we now lived under an
abolition Government—and that during thevpres-
ent and the last Administrations its every energy
had been directed to the abolition of slavery. He
recounted and dwelt upon the wrongs of the South,
and warned northern gentlemen not to presume
further upon their endurance. He proclaimed his
first, last, and exclusive allegiance to North Caro-
lina— and declared that he should be found with
her against any and every foe.
Mr. V. having concluded—
Mr. ASHE obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise, in order that he might make a
report from the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The committee rose.
The Speaker resumed the Chair, and Mr. Ashe
made a report.
The Chairman then resumed his seat in com-
mittee.
Mr. Ashe resumed the floor.
Some conversation followed on a point of order;
after which—
Mr. ASHE, said: Mr. Chairman, the remarks
which will be submitted by me on the presenfcoc-
casion to the committee, will be confined to an
examination of the principles, political and consti-
tutional, contained in the President's late commu-
nication, on the subject of our difficulties with
Texas; and I will observe that it is as fortunate for
him as it is unfortunate for .the country, that this
communication is possessed of a c.loseand powerful
affinity with that agitating subject which, has been
well described as a " whirling vortex,5'ingulfing
every consideration of public business and public
i convenience. Its influence is so paramount, so
1 controlling, that I believe it is only when we are
called on to mourn for the loss of some of our
companions that we enjoy a respite from us con-
tagion. I intend no censorious reflections by
these remarks; and notwithstanding I deeply de-
plore this agitation, yet as it regards the peculiar
policy which some of the friends of the South have
thought proper to adopt and put into practice, of
using dilatory plans either for the purpose of gain-
in0" time, or with a hope of arousing in the breast
ofour northern oppressors a dormant sentiment of
justice and equity, by the aid of which our final
judgments might be arrested,! am leady to ac-
knowledge my full participation in the offence—to
take my"fair share of censure, if any should be
justly due. But I deny the offence; 1 repudiate the
censure. MLy constituents have their rights under
the Constitution, and a sense of duty to them has
compelled me to use all the means which either
the Constitution or the rules of business place in
my hands for their protection. This policy has
been denounced as revolutionary: if it is, it is yet
bloodless, and being bloodless, it is far preferable
to a sectional strife—to a civil war. It is a soi t of
revolution, the consummation of which involves
not the destruction of American liberty. It is a^
quiet, peaceable remedy. I have indulged in this
episode, in order to exonerate myself from any
censure which the unreflecting might be disposed
to cast on my conduct. I will now come to the
consideration of the President's message, ana re-
iterate, that it is fortunate for him and unfortunate
for the country that it is possessed of an affinity
