1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
dollars. There was no other evidence of the cer-
tificate having been in possession of William Ship-
pen, nor any proof of its loss. The date of the
petition was February 4, 1846. The committee
regarded the evidence as wholly insufficient, after
the lapse of nearly seventy years, to sustain the
claim. It was evident, they said, that the memo-
rialist knew nothing of the matter; and the fact,
that the claim was started at so late a period, could
only be accounted for by the supposition that some
person having access to the books of the Treasury
—perhaps some clerk in the department, who had
since turned speculator in these claims—having
discovered the apparent state of this certificate,
had set about to turn the entry to account. The
committee expressed themselves well aware, that
most of these revolutionary claims had their origin
in the practice alluded to, and that, but for that
practice, not one in ten would be heard of. And
they recommended a resolution rejecting the prayer
of the petition. These two cases, Mr. T. repeated,
were identical. He had no great familiarity with
the manner in which matters were conducted at the
departments; but gentlemen could readily perceive
how easily the case might be brought up, if the
representatives -of Mr. Jett were informed of the
certificate, or had any plausible pretext why its
presentation should have been delayed for seventy
years, and been presented only, so far as he (Mr.
T.) could ascertain, within the last two years.
Mr. MILLSON made a remark, in the remotest
• part of the hall, and in a very low tone of voice,
of which nothing was heard by the reporter.
Mr. THOMAS said, if such was the case, he
hoped the facts would be produced. He desired
that the committee and the House should not pass,
without the fullest examination, upon claims which
would bring hundreds of others in their train, and
would effect a resurrection of many that had long
since been laid aside and forgotten. The evils to
result from the establishment of such a precedent,
were too manifest to require exposure at his hands.
He was willing to do as much, to promote the
cause of justice, as he could do consistently with
facts and information before him. He had no dis-
position to defeat, or in any way impede, the set-
tlement of a just and proper claim—that he de-
sired that the public treasury should be protected;
and, while he was willing to pay just claims, he
desired that all which were not so, should be thrown
out. The evidence of the present claim was pro-
cured from the books of the department alone.
There was no evidence to show that Jett, or his
heir ever saw or heard of the claim, until they
heard of it from the Treasury Department. Let
a principle be fixed, upon which Congress could
stand, and which would be justice alike to the
Government and the claimants.
One word upon the question of interest. It was
the habit of almost every man to look upon the
receipt of interest as a matter of inherent right.
So far from this being the fact, it was a mere crea-
ture of statute law, especially as to loaned money.
He believed that loaned money did not bring inter-
est until the reign of Henry the Eighth. Interest
was given by statutory enactment or by contract.
No law had ever been passed requiring the Gov-
ernment to pay interest, unless she contracted so
to do. He denied that there was any legal right
in relation to these certificates. It was a mere
appeal to Congress to grant it, ex gratia. If the
committee were of opinion that interest ought to
be paid, then the question arose, tor how long a
period ? He rejected entirely the idea of paying it
for the seventy years, and expressed his opinion
that a limit ought to be fixed. At a subsequent
period in the day's proceedings, Mr. T. offered
an amendment, prescribing what the limit should
b<Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, admitted that
these claims ought to be closely scrutinized, and
should not be paid unless they were honest and
well founded. Then, was this an honest claim?
Had it ever existed? We had evidence from the
Loan-Office that, years ago, these certificates
had issued to Thomas Jett. This was an ac-
knowledgment of debt. The same record showed
that it had never been presented, and never paid.
"Was the lapse of time to be set up as a reason
why it should not now be paid?
The <*entleman from Tennessee asked whether a
bill had ever been reported for the payment of
this claim, before the last Congress. He held in
his hand a bill, winch was reported m 1840. 1 nis
bill—as was the case with many just claims—had
passed the House, but had failed to be acted upon
in the Senate.
He argued that there was a material difference
betwen this claim and the Shippen claim—referred
to by Mr. Thomas, as a parallel case. In the
latter, there was no evidence that a certificate had
ever issued ; here it was not questioned that the
certificate had issued, and it had been lost. He
knew of no reason why it should not be passed.
The gentleman from Tennessee had said, that the
claim was made by the legal representatives of
Thomas Jett. Who, he (Mr. B.) would ask, has
a better right to the debts and assets of Thomas
Jett? This being a debt, and not a gratuity, the
Government could not relieve itself, but was
equally bound to pay the legal representatives.
Mr. THOMAS explained, that he had not pre-
sented the fact that the claim was now made by
the legal representatives of Thomas Jett, as a rea-
son why it should not be paid, but he had said,
that the fact that two generations had passed away
before the claim was presented, was evidence
against the claim.
Mr. BUTLER (resuming) said, he considered
this fact (taken in connection with the showing of
the records of the Government) rather as evidence
that the certificates had been lost; and while they
had been searching for them, time had passed.
He mentioned a case in which loan-office certifi-
cates, having been issued to a Mr. Smith, and lost,
the claim had been urged upon Congress since
1803, without success; but, a short time since, on
tearing down an old building in Philadelphia, the
certificates were found. Thomas Jett, during his
life, or his legal representatives, had not been so
lucky.
The bill provided, that before the money was
paid, ample security should be given by the legal
representatives of Thomas Jett, against the appear-
ance of the certificates.
Upon the ground laid down by Mr. Thomas, that
interest is not a natural right, but a creature of
statute law or of contract, he submitted that this
was a case in which interest should be allowed, as
the foundation of this claim was a contract. He
explained, that under this, as well as similar bills
providing for the payment of interest, interest
would not be paid—as the idea would strike the
mind when first presented—for the whole time,
from 1790 to 1850; but, inasmuch as the certificates
were authorized to be funded, the interest would
be computed according to the principles of the
funding act. That act provided for the payment
of the funded debt in instalments; and in 1835,
under the administration of General Jackson, he
believed, provision was made for the final payment
of the debt. The interest paid under this bill,
would be reduced at the successive periods in which
the instalments were payable, in the ratio of the
instalments, and would, of course entirely cease
in 1835.
Mr. CROWELL inquired, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had examined the list of claims
presented to this House, or the Senate, and
allowed? Whether he had evidence that these
identical certificates had not already been paid to
some other person ?
Mr. BUTLER replied, that they had certainly
not been paid.
Mr. CROWELL. What evidence have you of
that fact;
Mr. BUTLER. The evidence of the depart-
ment.
Mr. CROWELL. Have you any other evi-
dence than that ot the report made to the Senate in
1846 ?
Mr. BDTLER said, he had never seen that
report.
Mr. CROWELL. What evidence have you ?
Mr. BUTLER. The certificate of the late
Register of the Treasury.
Mr. CROWELL read from the Senate report,
to which he had alluded, stating that certain loan-
office certificates (whose numbers were specified)
had been paid.
Mr. BUTLER, in reply, stated that no such
certificates were provided for in this bill.
Mr. CROWELL requested the gentleman to
read the evidence which he had.
Mr. BUTLER read a statement from the late
Register of the Treasury, showing that the certifi-
cates (of the numbers specified in the bill) were
outstanding and unpaid.
Mr. CROWELL. Have you any other proof ?
Mr. BUTLER said, he knew of no other, nor
what additional proof could be produced.
Mr. CROWELL said, there was no evidence
but these certificates had been assigned to some
other person and paid. He had made these inqui-
ries of the gentleman, because the records of  
Congress might show that they had been paid to
some other person. Because, seventy years and
more had elapsed, and no claim had been presented
in this name until within a few years, he wished
the matter scrutinized, and the facts brought to
light.
Mr. BUTLER said, all these loan-office certifi-
•cates for moneys, loaned to the Government, had
issued more than seventy years ago, and the
reason why this claim had not before been pre-
sented was, that the certificates could not be found.
There was no evidence that they had been paid ;
on the contrary, the books of the department
showed that they were outstanding and unpaid.
The gentleman from Ohio said, there was no evi-
dence but the original record: why, there never
was any evidence but this record and the certifi-
cate; and the certificate was lost.
The evidence was satisfactory, that the certifi-
cates had been lost, and never paid; and of course
the legal representatives were entitled to payment.
Mr. B.'s amendment, as above reported, was
again read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired of Mr.
Butler, to what period the interest was allowed
under the funding act?
Mr. BUTLER repeated his statement, (which
he presumed the gentleman from Tennessee could
not have heard when made before,) that the fund-
ed debt was paid off by installments at succes-
sive periods—at which periods, proportions of in-
terest m the same ratio ceased, until 1835, when
provision was made for the final payment of the
debt, and the interest ceased.
Mr. JOHNSON suggested that it would be best
to specify the time in the bill at which the interest
ceased.
Mr. BUTLER conceived this to be unneces-
sary, and presumed that, even without the incor-
poration of the amendment which he proposed, the
department would only reckon interest according
to the principles of the funding act—stopping it en-
tirely in 1835.
Mr. JOHNSON still adhered to the idea, that
it would be best to name the precise time in the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER said, he had no objection, if the
committee deemed it necessary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, favored the
principle of the bill. He believed all the loan-office
certificates which had not been paid, ought to he
paid. They had, like the Continental money, been
considered worthless, and in many cases had been
lost, and nothing had been received back by those
who had loaned money to the Government. The
Government had subsequently become able to pay
them. Acts had been passed from time to time, to
pay such debts; but still some had never teen pre-
sented. There was an unexpended balance,
amounting to some sixty or seventy thousand
dollars, he believed—he did not exceed the bounds
when he said, at least forty thousand dollars—of
the fund set aside for the payment of these debts,
which, in 1843, had been carried to the surplus
fund. He thought this balance should be re-
appropnated to the payment of the loan-office cer-
tificates still outstanding.
For this reason, believing in the principle of the
bill, but opposed to legislating for special cases, he
would move, as a substitute for this bill, a bill in
substance the same as that which had been re-
ported during the last Congress, by a gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Hubbard,] from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, making a general pro-
vision by the appropriation of the unexpended
balance of the fund formerly appropriated to this
purpose, for the paymentof outstanding loan-office
and final settlement certificates, issued for money
loaned, or for services or supplies during the lev-
olutionary war. He inquired if the substitute was
now in order?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was; but the
vote would first be taken on the amendments de-
signed to perfect the original bill.
The first question being on the amendment of
Mr. Butler, (above given.)
