492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
* Mr. THOMAS moved to amend the amend-
ment, as folfows:
<{Provided,, TJiat the said Interest does not exceed the
specie value of'the original certificate."
The substitute of Mr. Stevens was read for
information.
Mr. CHANDLER inquired if the substitute
was now before the committee?
' The CHAIRMAN replied that it was; but was
not the first question pending ?
Mr. CHANDLER inquired if it was in order
to move a general bill, as a substitute?
Tlie CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Butler, as amended,
was then agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER moved the following amend-
ment, to come in after the word "deceased," in
the fifth line of the printed bill, viz: "the sum of
#771 94, being1'
He said, he had not fixed the specie value of
the certificates himself, but had taken it from the
bill. If the bill passed, (he was not very clear
that it should,) by specifying the precise sum, dif-
ficulties would be avoided which were very likely
to arise when the sum was not named.
Mr. BUTLER said, tiiat the sum named in the
amendment, was the original debt, without in-
terest.
The question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. Hunter was agreed to.
The question being on the proposed sub-
stitute,
Mr. BUTLER said, while he had no objection
to the substitute, when brought up under proper
circumstances, yet, if this was a fact bill, it ought
not to be delayed for a general bill, however
meritorious.
Mr. STEVENS said, if it took the place of the
private bill, it would be just as fur forward as that
bill, and it would avoid their being: called to act
upon a dozen bills in the course of the session.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, inquired if the proposed
substitute did not involve an appropriation, and if
it must not, therefore, go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The CHAIRMAN'S reply was not heard.
Mr. THOMAS moved, that the bill be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
Mr. KERR warmly advocated the bill, and the
policy of paying well-founded claims of litis
chataeter. They had now an opportunity of
doing justice to a highly meritorious class of
claimants. These very certificates were the re-
sults of a high and patriotic devotion to the
country, on the pdit of individuals—unlike the
high-minded and gallant son of Fiance, whose
Eortrait was before us (pointing to the portrait of
.afayette)—but of modest citizens—whose ser-
vices weie unknown to fame—who, in the dark
hours of our history, instead of covetously hoard-
ing their fortunes, poured them out in the set vice
of.thcircountiy. Now, because the certificates of
these patriotic loans were lost, and they afford the
next best evidence of which the nature of the case ,
admitted, were they to be scouted from the House?;
He hoped not. He believed that, immense sums
still remained due on the account of these loans.
They should be promptly paid, with the deep
gratitude of the country.
Mr. K. having concluded,
Some conversation followed upon a point of
order.
Mr. THOMAS said, that the evidence upon
which this claim rested, was merely documentary;
there was not a single affidavit showing that it had
not been paid, or identifying the claimants as the
legal representatives of the Thomas Jett, in whose
favor the certificates had issued. Jt was true that
the Register of the Treasury stated, that seventy
years ago certain certificates were issued to Thom-
as Jett, find that he had found no records show-
ing that they had ever been paid. The only
proof was the absence of record that they had
been paid; the entry was omitted, and therefore
the presumption was, that they had not been paid.
Although certificate's had issued to Thomas Jett,
there was no proof to what Thomas Jett. Pie re-1
ferred to the fact, that the soldiers of the Mexican
war, whose wounds might not ever have healed, j
were required to furnish stringent proof of being I
the identical John Smiths, or Thomas Drowns, J
&c., whose names were upon the rolls,and scout-
ed the idea, that, after a lapse of seventy years,
this claim should be passed without a single par-
ticle of evidence, even hearsay evidence, that the
claimants were the legal representatives of the
Thomas Jett in whose favor the certificates issued
seventy years ago. There was no proof whatever
on this point.
Mr. CLEVELAND said, although he had had
some idea of voting for the claim, he could not,
after the fact disclosed by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, that there was no proof that the Thomas
Jett—the grandfather of the claimant—was the
Thomas Jett in whose favor the certificates had
issued. Until this was proved, he thought the
committee should not pay the claim.
|i Mr. MILLSON explained, that the bill did not
j undertake to determine the identity of any body;
| but it merely appropriated the money to pay to the
I legal representatives of the true person in whose
; favor the certificates had issued; and it was for the
i department to ascertain who those legal represent-
atives were.
Mr. CLEVELAND replied. Suppose our ac-
counting officer made a mistake, and paid the
wrong man, what secuiity had we that the money
would be returned? He thought, with the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] that they
ought to withhold their approbation of claims, as
stale as this, until they ascerlained whether the
claimants were the legal representatives of the
Thomas Jett in whose favor the certificates were
issued. He was opposed to acting in the dark.
Mr. TOOMBS stated, that he was familiar with
this class of claims. It appears that some few
years ago certain persons set themselves up as
claim agents, and, for the purpose of gaining busi-
ness, hunted up, in the books of the department,
all, claims which did not appear to have been closed
on the books. And Congress has been called on
lo pay up these claims on this evidence, that they
had never been paid. And thus, if this bill pass,
these claim agents are set to work again; and
these claims are set up on no other ground than
that the loan-office had not entered payment. This,
which might be good cumulative evidence, standing
by itself as mere record evidence, was insufficient
to justify the allowance of these claims. But, in
this case, where the claim had laid over through
successive geneiations, from sire to son, and these
claim agents seize on it with no other evidence to
sustain it than the non-entry of payment, he cer-
tainly could not vote for it. He repeated, that he
could not sanction the payment of a claim, the jus-
tice of which could only be made out by an omis-
sion on our books.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said that he
understood the substitute he had previously offered
was deeidcd to be out of order, because it contained
an appropriation.
The CHAIR explained the ground of his de-
cision.
Mr. STEVENS then submitted the same sub-
stitute without the section containing the appro-
priation, moving to strike out fhf  original bill after
the enacting words, and insert his substitute.
The objections made by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,] and the gentle- !
man from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] had caused j
him some hesitation as to his course. Still it ap- ;
peared to him, that if the department, on exami- j
nation of these claims, came to the conclusion that ,
they weie just and honest in themselves, and had ;
not been paid, it was their duty to identify the \
parties claiming, and, when satisfied, to pay the j
amount due. A general bill, such as was em- >
braced in his substitute, would save much time, ;
and prevent a great deal of special legislation. I
There could be no hesitation m leaving the identi- i
fication of the claimants with the department, J
which was very particular in not paying out too j
II much. It would be an easier task to get a dollar |
ji out of the pocket of u miser, than to obtain a dol- \
|j lar from Mr. Edwards, until you have obtained
j, four times as much proof as would satisfy any
j[ one else. The Commissioner was in the practice ■,
|: of using sharp spectacles. He hoped the House '
i would adopt the substitute he had offered; and he
j' could not see that it would be the means of post-
'' ponmg or defeating any just claims.
| Mr. 130WL1N here made a point of order.
I The original bill was a private bill, and could,
i therefore, be considered with propriety on the day
1 appropiiated Lo private bills. But the substitute
being a general, or public, bill, could not be now
considered under the rule.
The CHAIR decided that the substitute was in
order.
Mr. BOWLIN appealed from this decision, and
the appeal was sustained by the House.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, then briefly
replied to the objections urged by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] which he did not
regard as entitled to serious weight. What mat-
ter is it whether this claim was hunted up by a
claim agent or not? The only question for the
House to consider is, whether the claim is right or
wrong? No matter how it was found ©ut. It
could be of" no consequence where the claim ori-
ginated, provided it was a fair, just, and honest
claim; and if it was such,it ought to be paid. The
gentleman from Georgia had objected that there
was nothing but record evidence to support it.
What better evidence could be had ? He put the
case to the gentleman, whether, if he had a claim
which had been lying forty years, and which was
a just and valid claim, whether he would regard it
as a sound objection to its payment, that he had
forgotten it, until some one had hunted it up for
him? He knew not how this claim come here.
He knew that the bill made provision that it should
be paid to the representatives of Thomas Jett:
and it can only be paid to such representatives.
If the money should even be paid to any one else,
the bond which is required by the bill, compels the
payment back of the amount. The evidence ap-
peared to him to be clear. The loan-office cer-
tificates show that the money was lent to the Gov-
ernment by Jett.
[One or two members here interposed an inqui-
ry, " What evidence there was that the certificates
had not been paid?"]
Mr. BUTLER resumed. He did not know
whether or not they were destioyed. There was
the evidence of the Register that they had not
been paid; that they were still outstanding; and
that, to him, was sufficient. It is not alleged that
the certificates were burnt or destroyed, but that
they are outstanding. Here was the evidence of
these certificates, that the amount was subscribed
to the public debt, and this was sufficient. The
evidence in favor of the claim was full—all against
it was conjecture. He was himself so entirely
satisfied on the subject, that he was ready at once
to vote for the claim.
Mr. MILLSON would say only a very few
words. There was no doubt that this money
had been loaned by one Thomas Jett, during the
revolutionary war. The question had been asked,
how we could know that the claimant is the true
representative of that Thomas Jett. This was a
question on which the House was not required to
decide. The bill provides that the money shall
be paid to the representative of Thomas Jett; and
it is for the department to see that the proof of the
identity of the person claiming the money is clear.
In eveiy case in which money is appropriated for
the relief of individuals, there is just the same dif-
ficulty. You pass a bill to pay a sum of money
to John Smith, but it is for the department to sat-
isfy itself of the identity of John Smith before it
pays over the money. Has this money been paid ?
The money was loaned in the revolutionary war,
and U was objected, that the fact of its having re-
mained for so long a period unclaimed, was proof
of its payment. He did not allow this objection,
which, in many cases, would be a good one, to
apply to this case. Tne claim had not been pre-
sented at the expiration of the war, because the
debt was not funded. It had not been paid to the
executor or administrator, because, under the law
of Virginia, the executor or administrator must
have returned the fact in its accounts. The Thomas
Jett named in the certificates, was the Thomas
Jett of the State of Virginia. The loan was
made at the Joan-office in Vngmia. The person,
Thomas Jett, who now comes forward as the rep-
resentative or the original holder, is from West-
moreland county, Virginia, and there is no other
person of that name. The representatives of
Thomas Jett, in Virginia, are the claimants here.
Mr. CLEVELAND expressed some doubt,
whether other Thomas Jetts might not here-
after arise, to claim the payment of these certifi-
cates, and in that case they would he saved the
trouble of application to the Secretary of the
Treasury to recuive their claims, by the action
