1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
408
of this House, in the event of the passage of this
bili. They would have nothing to do but to take
this bill to the Treasury, and demand the amount
appropriated. He reiterated what had been said
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] as
to the manner in which claims of this sort were
fished out, and brought before Congress, on the
sole evidence of the non-entry of their discharge
in the books. He thought a lapse of fifty years
on ht to be of itself sufficient proof of the pay-
ment of any claim on the Government. It was
sufficient in every State, and in every court of
the Union, and why were we called on to pay, for
the purpose of showing an extraordinary gen-
erosity, and without knowing whether we are
giving it to the person who has a right to receive
it, or to some speculator, who has been hunting
lip the claim for his own benefit.
Mr. McMULLEN rose for the purpose of
getting some information from the Chair. Would
it be in order, so to amend the bill, as to embrace
a provision for the redemption of all Continental
money in the hands of individuals ? He thought
there would be as much justice in doing this, as in
paying these certificates.
The CHAIR decided, that such an amendment
would not be in order.
Mr. JONES moved that the committee rise, but
subsequently withdrew his motion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Thomas, that the committee rise, and report
the bill to the House, with a rf commendation that
it do not pass, which was agreed to.
The committee, therefore, rose, and reported the
bill to the House, with a recommendation that it
do not pass.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative,
The bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that
when the House adjourns, it will adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
And the motion was agreed to.
And then the House adjourned until Monday at
twelve o'clock.  
NOTICE OF A BILL.
By Mr. BItOWN, of Mississippi: A lull granting the right
of way to the Ganesville Railroad Company, in the Stateot
Mississippi, over the public lands.
PETITIONS,
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees :
By Mi. HOWE : The petition of A. M. Barber and 43
others,citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, piaymg
Congress to piolnbit slavery, and the slave trade, m all the !
territories of" the United States.
Also, the petition of William F. Junkin and 42 others,
rmzens oi the county or Mercer, Pennsylvania, prajing
Congiess to admit no State into the Union, unless, by their
constitution, slavery is prohibited.
A'«o, the petition of James it. Bell and 45 others, citizens
of Mercer comity, Pennsylvania, piaying Congress. to pa^s
a law that no peison airested as aiuyitive «iave, other than
in the tftate tiom which ne fled, shall hp delivered up to the
claimant, oi hts agent, unless, by the muling of a jury, lie is
the slave of the claimant.
Also, the petition of William F. Jurikin and 38 other*,
citizens of Mercer countv, Pennsylvania, prawng Con-
gress to establish an Agricultural Buieau m one of the Ex-
ecutive department's of theGovernmeiit, at Washington.
Also, the petition of William F. Junkin and 40others,
citizen^ of Mercer countv, Pennsylvania, piaving Congress
to lepi'al all law* by which -daverv, and the slave tiade, are
maintained and continued in the District of Columbia.
Al"o, the petition ot William Burton and 15 others, citi-
zens of Meicercountv, Penti-jlvania, praying Congress not
to extend slavery on this continent, and for the abolition of
the slave mule m the Distnctof Columbia.
Also, the petition of the pastor, elders, and members of
the Presbyterian Congregation, of Salem, Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, prajnig Congre&s to reduce the rales ot
Do^tase, &c.
By Mr SAWTELLE: The petition of S. Souther, jr.,
and 81 others, citizens of Waldo county, in the Stale ot
Maine, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition ol Hannibal Ingalls and 1*6 others,
citizen* of Metcer, m the county of Somerset, and State oi
Maine nra\ uig Congress to pass a law, establishing a uni-
form nte of po*taj e, and tor other comsponding reforms.
BvMr. MORRIS: The petition ot C. F. Campbell and
10.) others, citizens of Brown county, Ohio, remonstrating
a«amst the renewal or extension of a patent lor a planing
lnacbme to William W. Woodworth.
BvMr COLE: The memoua! ot the Legislature of V\ is-
coii^ii. for the establishment ot a mail-route from Madison,
via Dane, &c., to Fort Winnebago. . .
Also the memorial of the Legislature of \\ iscon^m, m
'elation to the iormution of a Western Judicial District of
the Circuit Court of the United States, in the State of Wis-
consin.
By Mr. EVANS and Mr. KERR, of Maryland: The peti-
tions of Fdward Tilghman and others, praying the impiove-
ment of Q.ueen<-town Creek, Maryland.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachustts*: The petition of Edward
Raymond and 112 others, citizens of Boston, in the State of
Massachusetts, praying for eiieap posiage.
Also, the petition of William B. Fowle and 53 others, citi-
zens of Newton, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of William Jackson and 62 others, citi-
zens of Newton, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Lysander Richards and Q3"j others,
eitizeus of Quincy, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Robert Vose and 276 otheis, citizens
of Dorchester, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Rojal C. Stikey and 13 otheis, citi-
zens of Massachusetts, (or the same object.
Also, the petition ot Samuel C. Gay and 70 others, citi-
zens of Franklin, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition of Reuben Curtiss and 97 others, citi-
zens of Derby County, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Also, the petition ot J. S. Harrison and 141 others, citi-
zens ot Boston, Ma-ssachu^etK, for the same object.
AI.no, the petition ol J. II. Ripley and 44 others, profes-
sois or students ill Newton Theological Seminary, for the
same object.
Also, the peti ion of H. A. S. Dearborn and 24 others, in
favor ot the plan of l\ P. F. Degiand, tor the eonstiuction oi
a railroad to the Pacific. *
By Mr. ROfiBlNS: Thp memoiial of Charles J". Inger-
soll, claiming indemnity for the expenses incurred, and the
time lo?.t, in the case ot his contested seat in the House in
1839 and 1840 which has been umfoimly allowed in all
ca<es of contested elections.
By Mr. HAMMOND: The petition of G. Dana and 27
others, citizens of the State of Mar} land, praying Conurct-s
to abolish the office of Chaplain, and to lefram Irom legis-
lation on religious subjects.
Also, the petition of Eliza G. Ridgely and Cathaiine V.
Dorsey; and the petition of Caleb D. 0\vimi<, Francis R.
Gnft'eth, Sarah R. Owings, and Cornelius li. Owings, ask- I
ing indemnity for French spoliations.
Ab>o, the petition of I. Owens, a captain in the army of
the United States, during the war ol 1812, piaying a dona-
tion of laud to the officers of said armv.
By Mr. IIALLOWAY : The petition of D. C. Hager and
13 other?, citizens of lthica, Tompkins county, praying lor
cheap posiage.
By Mr. JOHN A. ICING: The petition of John II. Baker.
By Mr. WALUEN ; Tin* pemu>u <>t 159 «. it /.en-- ofltich-
mondville, Schouarie enuntj, New Yo k, asking for cheap
po>tage, not over one cent on newspapers. and two cents on
prepaid letieis.
By Mi. ROBBINS : A memorial from the merchants and
other citizens ot I'ennslyvania, signed by James C. Hand,
and 24.J others, acting for the conjunction of a harbor on the
ea>tern side of Reedy Island,in the river Delaware.
Also, a lemoriNtfaiice, signed by George Lundcll and 35
others,citizens of Pennsylvania, against the farthei extension
of " YVoodworlh's Patent lor a Planing Machine."
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky : The petition of Su-
san Spalding, widow ot George Spalding, a revolutionaiy
 ohher, pra.vmg foi a pension.
By Mr. WOOD: The petition of E. Huntington and
300 others, citizens of the Maumee Valley, asking Congress
lo make an appropriation lor the improvement of the Mau-
mee river.
Also, a petition of Geoice S. Paiter^on and 40 others,
cirizi ns of Ottawa county, Ohio, a?kuig Congress to make
ari appropriation to improve the haibor at Foit Cfinton, Ohio,
Also, a petition ol G. S. Knowiton and 74 others, citi-
zens ot Ottawa, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, a petition ot Francis Mmray and 24 others, citizens
of Portage township, Hancock count), Ohio, asking Con-
gtess to reducc the postage on all prepaid leiteis to two
cents.
I>y Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of Failey F. Coon, of
Michigan, for a pension on account ol disability ineuired hi
the fa.-twar Willi Great Britain.
Also, the petition of Joshua Woodward, of Michigan, for
a pension on account of revolutionary services.
Also, the petition of Col. T. B. W Stockton, of the First
Regiment of Michigan Volunteers, tor additional compen-
sation.  
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 8, 1850.
Mr. CASS presented a joint resolution of the i
Legislature of Michigan, m regard to the admis- |
sion of California into the Union, which was lead, '
as follows: I
Joint resolution in legard to the admission of California into !
the Union. 1
Resolved l-y the Senate urui House of Representatives of the '
State of Michigan, That, in the adoption ot a constitution, i
the in habitants of California have complied wuh ail the ie-
quisites necessary to entitle them lo admission into the j
Union us a State, upon an equal footing with the other j
States ; and that by its adoption, we have the be t evidence, !
not only ot Iheir desire, but their ability to maintain a gov- |
eminent, lepubhcau ill lorni; and that tin y are tntitled to3 I
and -hould. be immediately admitted into the Union; and i
that the limits and institutions, as defined in their consutu- i
lion,should heguaianteed to them. j
liesolvcd, Thatour Senators in Congiesh be instructed, and
our Representatives requested, to u^e all pioper means to J
procure the admission ot California, as mentioned m the tore- j
going resolution; and that the Governor of this fc?tate be
requtsted to forward copies of the^e resolutions to our '
Senators and Representatives in Congiess.
S/G ffARRIS,
Speaker of the Jlvi&c of Rejnv^cntntives.
WM. M. FENTON,
President oj the Senate.
Approved, February 23,1650.
JOHN S. BARRY.
The resolution was laid on the table, an4 ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New York, requesting the Senators
and Representatives of that State, to inquire
whether the act of February 26th, 1845, to extend
a patent, heretofore granted to William Wood-
worth, was not procured through misrepresenta-
tion and misunderstanding; and, if so, to use their
efforts to procure its immediate repeal; which,
without reading, was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
William Seely, asking to be remunerated for the
sacrifices and losses of his father, in the revolu-
tionary war, and for the services of his two sons,
in the last war with Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, a petition from the faculty and students
of Hamilton College, of Clinton, New York, ask-
ing a reduction of the rates of postage to two cents,
on all prepaid letters of not more than half an
ounce; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial from Abraham L. Knicker-
bocker, asking compensation for an injury, caused
by the explosion of the laboratory ot' the United
States Arsenal, at Watervleit, while employed
therein; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of Hanni-
bal Faulk, asking the confirmation of his title to a
tract of land, wiihin the limits of the Bastrop
grant, in Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. FELCH presented a memorial of Ambrose
T. Hatch,asking compensation for his services,
as a quartermaster and interpreter, in the Indian
Sioux war, in 1832; which was refened to ihe
Committee on iVJihtary Affairs.
Mr. CLARKE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Warren and of Centreville counties, in the
State of Rhode Island, in favor of a reduction of
the rates of postage; which were refened to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial from
Meigs D. Benjamin, merchant in the city of New
York, asking the repayment of certain import
duties illegally exacted of him; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of Thomas Blanchard, inventor and
patentee of a certain machine for turning irregular
forms, asking an appropriation for the purchase of
his patent oar machine, for the use of the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of
Geoige Copway, a chief of the Chippewa In-
dians, proposing a plan of organization tor a new
Indian teintory, east of the Missouri river; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GREENE presented a petition of citizens
of Wonsocket, Rhode Island, asking a reduction
of the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition from citizens of
the counties of Van Buien and Berrien, m the
State of Michigan, remonstrating against any
change in the po&t route from Pawpaw to St.
Joseph; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post [loads.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of Cath-
aiine B. Turner, widow and administratrix of
Daniel Turner, late a captain in the Navy of the
United States, asking the reimbursement of ex-
penses incuned by her husband, in leceivingand
entertaining on board of the vessels under his
command, certain public functionaries of the United
States in foreign countries, wiif/e on foreign sta-
tions, from the year 1841 to 1844; which was re-
fened to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WALKER piesented a petition fiom citi-
zens of New York, asking that the public lands
may be granted in {muted quantity to actual set-
tlers not possessed of other lands; which was re-
fened to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memoual of citi-
zens of Winthrop, in the State of Maine, asking
the establishment of an Agricultural bureau; winch
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
