1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 13,
Mr. A. having concluded—
Mr. MARSHALL obtained the floor; bat yield-
ed to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House
take a recess until six o'clock.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved half-past
seven.
Mr. FOWLER inquired of the Speaker, wheth-
er it was to be understood that no business would
be transacted to-night ?
The SPEAKER said, itwas understood that the
object of the recess was to allow those members
who desired to address the committee, an oppor-
tunity" to speak, and that no business would be
transacted.
Mr. FOWLER said, with that understanding
he should not object.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stephens, and it was rejected.
Mr. CROWELL moved seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House took a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House was called to order at half-past seven
o'clock—some thirty members present.
On motion by Mr. GOTT, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Brown, of Indiana, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the general ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. MARSHALL (who was entitled to the
floor) declined to speak to so many empty benches,
and at so late an hour, and surrendered his right.
Mr. SACI1ETT took the floor, and addressed
the committee principally in earnest opposition to
the Texas boundary bill, which he contended, in
addition to paying ten millions dollars, surrendered
to Texas an area of fifty thousand square miles,
now free, to become slave territory.
[During the speech of Mr. Sackett, members
came in, and there was now something like half a
quorum present.]
Mr. MARSHALL resumed the floor. He ex-
pressed the opinion that the message under discus-
sion was undeserving the denunciations so unspar-
ingly cast upon it, and proceeded to give his views
as to the power of the President, as commander-in
chief of the army and navy, denying his authority
to call out the military or naval forces, except un-
der provision of law. He reviewed the history of
our negotiations with the Republic of Texas,
which terminated in her annexation; and referred
to subsequent history to show that the Govern-
ment had committed itself to the claim of Texas
to the Rio Grande, from its mouth to its source;
and he declared that if he should be brought to
vote for the pending boundary bill, it woujd only
be in extremis, and with the most profound regret.
Mr. McKISSOCK followed in defence of the
doctrines of the message and in support of the
pending boundary bill.
Mr. EWING obtained the floorat a quarter past
ten o'clock, and,
On his motion, the committee rose and the'House
adjourned.
MEMORIALS.
The following memorials were presented under
the rule, and appropriately referred :
By Mr. BOWIE: The memorial of Edward Stabler, and
others, of Montgomery county, Maryland, praying Tor an ap-
propriation ot $-25,001) for ihe erection of a plank road
Ihrough the District of Columbia to the Montgomery line, &c.
By Mr CHANDLER: The memorial of sundry citizens
of Philadelphia, asking for an assimilated rauk for medical
officers of the navy.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 15, 1850.
Mr FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to create the oifice of
surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
and to provide for the survey and to make dona-
tions to settlers of the said public lands, reported
bark the same, with amendments; which were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which tfas referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Al-lo-
lah and his representatives, and thoir grantees,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to provide for the payment of a
company of Indian volunteers, called into the ser-
vice of the United States.
FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 23, being the bill " to provide for
the more effectual execution of the third clause of
the second section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution of the United States," with a view to
offer a resolution in connection with it. It is the
fugitive slave bill, which I ask the Senate to take
up with a view of making it the special order of
the day for Monday next, at twelve o'clock, and
for every succeeding day, at the same hour, until
it is disposed of.
Mr. CASS. Before the question is taken on
this proposition, I wish to say a single word. The
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] by
way of reproach or complaint, I do not know
which, nor exactly to whom it was addressed,
said that opposition had been heretofore made to
taking up this bill. 1 do not know by whom that
opposition was made, and I wish at least to clear
my skirts of it. The honorable Senator from In-
diana stated the other day the efforts he had made
on this subject. I will now state mine.
On the 13th of March I had the honor to urge
the Senate to take up that bill. This is the lan-
guage I then used:
"My own opinion i*j sir, that we should taUc up the bill
for the lecapture of furtive s-laves, reported by the Judi-
ciary Committee. I am disposed to suspend all our dis-
cussions, and lay aside ah other business, with a view to
ant upon that bill without unnecessary delay, and to pass it
m such form as may be acceptable to a majonty ot this
body. That is a point upon which the South feels mobi
acutely, and in xegard to which it has the most serious
cause of complaint. 1 have heard but one man in this
body deny the existence of this evil, and the necessity of
providing an adequate remedy."
At that time I mentioned the circumstance to a
number of members of the Senate,and I request-
ed the honorable Senator from Mississippi, who
addressed the Senate yesterday on the subject,
[Mr. Foote,] to converse with several southern
Senators, and ask them if they would not join us
in taking up that bill. He did so, and he reported
that they would not; for what cause, I shall not
undertake to say. But 1 was sorry to hear it, for
it was a bad augury for that harmony which I
wanted to see prevail in this country.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Michigan having again alluded to this subject 
Mr. CASS. It is the first time.
Mr. MASON. It has been alluded to here be-
fore, and was the subject of discussion a few
days ago. I understand him to say that the fu-
gitive slave bill was not taken up on account of
refusal on the part of southern Senators to take
it up.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to put my friend right.
I stated that on the 13th of March I urged the
Senate to take up that bill, and that I spoke to the
Senator from Mississippi on the subject, who
conversed with several southern Senators and le-
ported what I before stated.
Mr. MASON. I have no information on that
subject, nor do I profess to recollect the course of
proceeding very accurately prior to the committal
of this subject to the Committee of Thirteen, nor do
I deem it at all material, nor do I know for what
purpose the idea is now sent abroad that some of
the southern Senators were opposed to taking up
the bill.
Mr. CASS. May I state why I alluded to this
i subject?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. It was because the honorable
Senator from South Carolina made it a matter of
reproach, which I do not wish to rest on me.
Mr. MASON. With that I have nothing to do.
My recollection of the history of this matter is
quite vague, but I believe it is this: that when the
majority of the Senate determined to have a com-
mittee, as a measure of policy, to whom all the
subjects connected with the institution of slavery
should be referred, it was deemed politic to have
the question respecting fugitive slaves referred
along with them. It is known, according to my
recollection, that a long debate arose as to the pro-
priety of having such a committee raised, and then
another long debate as to what questions should
be referred to it. Some were in favor of referring
particular questions, and others of referring aft
that related to the institution of slavery. But, af-
ter much time had been consumed as to raising
the committee, and then further time as to the sub-
jects to be referred to it, this bill, previously re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary, was
referred among others. It has been impossible,
since that time, to take it ap and act upon it. It
was my own opinion that it should be taken up as
soon as the measures comprised in the bill reported
by the Committee of Thirteen were acted upon.
I ask now, therefore, that it may be made the spe-
cial order of the day for Monday next, and for
each succeeding day till disposed of. 1 do not ask
that it should cone up now, because some Sena-
tors desire to have it postponed till that day.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. I merely wish to
say, as one of that class of persons referred to as
"southern Senators," that I have never objected
to the taking up of this bill, i never considered it
a matter of very much importance, nor do I now.
I have said that unless our brethren of the North
will take measures to effect the restoration of fugi-
tive slaves under the provisions of the Constitution,
I have no confidence in the efficacy of any law
that may be passed by Congress on the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. I was not in the Senate to
hear the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Cass,} but I can, in a few words,
give the history of this bill so far as I am con-
nected with it. I well recollect bringing in this bill
and opening the subject with a few remarks. I
afterwards made an extended speech on the bill.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
wished to reply, and he had the floor for that pur-
pose; and while he had the floor the fugitive slave
bill was superseded by the proposition for a Com-
mittee of Thirteen. I never attributed to that bill
any of the great efficacy which some Senators seem
to have attached to it; but 1 never have refused, as
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, to
take up the bill whenever it was proposed.
The question being taken, the motion to take up
the bill was agreed to.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Monday next, and it was made
the special order for that day at twelve o'clock.
PROTEST AGAINST ADMITTING CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of the Senator from Virginia |Mr. Hbn-
ter] to receive the Protest presented yesterday.,
and to spread it upon the Journal of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I would state, that by the
unanimous consent of the protestants, another par-
agraph has been added, which I desire may be
read by the Secretary.
The PRESIDENT. The protest has been mod-
ified, which the protestants had a right to do, the
document not having yet been received.
The additional patagraph was then read as fol-
lows:
" Because the admission of California as a State into the
Union, without any previous reservation assented to by her
of the pnhlic domain, might involve an actual surrender of
that domain to, or, at all events, places its future disposal at
the merey of that State, and, as no reservation in the bill
can be bindina upon her until she absents to it. her dissent
' heieafter' would m no manner affect or impair the act of
her admission."
The debate was then continued by Messrs.
BADGER, WALKER, HUNTER, BENTON,
BUTLER, HOUSTON,CASS, PRATT, DAVIS
of Mississippi, DOWNS, WHITCOMB, and
TURNEY.
Mr. NORRIS moved to lay upon the table the
question of reception and the motion to spread the
protest upon the Journal.
Mr. BADGER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Benton, Bradbury, Briaht, Chase,
Cooper, Divis of Massachusetts, Dodge Wisconsin,
Downs, Greene, Hamlin, Houston, Milter, Norris, Phelps,
Pratt, Smith, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, Wm-
throp—2-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnivell, Berrien, Butler,
Cass, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Podae of
Iowa, Hunter, Mason, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Soul6 Sturgeon, Turney,ond Sfulce—19.
So the whole subject was laid upon the table.
[For.the debate, see Appendix.]
NEW MEXICO.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate
took up the bill to establish a territorial govern-
