1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug1.
16,
have addressed the House, that they are pleased
with the general tone and spirit of this message.
So far from the apparent moderation of the mes-
sage and its placid tone quieting my alarm, it
greatly adds to it. False doctrines, sir, can only
be propagated when ambition, falling in with tem-
porary expediency and thf: prejudices of the times,
gloss them over with a pliancy of language which
dextrously commend them to general acceptance.
The difficulties existing, and the anxiety of the
country for a settlement of them; the good temper
in which the message has been conceived, are the
circumstances which have greatly contributed to
awaken concern. Under a different state of feel-
ing, 1 do not mistake the American people in say-
ing, that from Maine to Texas there can be but
one opinion in respect to it, and that would be of
decisive condemnation. General Jackson's proc-
lamation and the measures which followed it,revo-
lutionized partiesln this country. But it and they
■were propriety itself in comparison with this mes-
sage and the measures contemplated.
1 cannot go further into that matter now, for, as
I said, I do not mean to violate the spirit of the
rule that gives me the right to close the debate. I
(.hall now advert to the only two points that have
been madejn the debate concerning the bill itself.
One by my friend from Tennessee, and my col-
league upon the Committee of Ways and Means.
This committee will recollect that that gentleman
and myself have been directly at points for some
time, a3 to the amount of money which will be
required from the general Treasury to defray the
expenses of the Government for the present fiscal
year.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
maintains that the appropriation bills already be-
fore the House, and other claims upon the Treas-
ury, will make it necessary for us to bring into the
general Treasury $52,000,000 to meet the ex-
penses of the current year, it will be recollected
th.U when he first made this statement to the com-
mittee, 1 stated that it was palpably erroneous in
several particulars, and 1 endeavored to point them
out; but the gentleman has attempted to elaborate
his views and sustain the correctness of his state-
ments.
If the gentleman from Tennessee means to af-
firm that the burdens which thia Government
throws upon the people amount to fifty-two mil-
lions of dollars a year, then I say, not only is his
estimate jvithin bounds, but it is infinitely below
the reality. But if, on the other hand, he means to
say that it will be necessary for us to raise money
to meet the contemplated expenditures for this
fiscal year to the amount of fifty-two millions of
dollars, then he is greatly above the mark. 1 read
his speech, and I was a good deal at a loss to de-
termine whether the point made by the gentleman
was, that the burdens which the Government im-
poses upon the people are to the extent of fifty-
two millions of dollars, or whether that we should
be required to raise that sum to defray its ex-
penses. But let his meaning be either the one
way or the other, his estimate is still incomplete;
because, if he referred to the burdens, as I have
said, he is greatly below the mark; and if he refers
to the amount of money to be raised to meet our ex-
penpitures, he is above it. For instance, he takes
the Post Office. The amountofappropriations for the
Post Office Deparment for this year is $5,443,637.
That is a burden upon the people. There is nocioubt
about it. But he arrays it in his estimates to show
the amount of moneys which we are to raise from
the customs and other sources of revenue to meet
the expenses of the Government; yet he knows
that the Post Office supports itself. Then he takes
an item of five millions six hundred and fifty-six
thousand dollars of balances of appropriations
made last year, but which are to be expended this
year. That would be a very proper item to in-
clude if wewere not absolutely certain that, of
the appropriations that we are now making, as
large or a larger amount will lie over to be ex-
pended in the coming year. Thus, these balances
of appropriations hanging over from year to year,
ordinarily, will about balance each other.
The gentleman from Tennessee said in his
speech that this may be so or it may not. 1 have
taken the pains to look back for a number of
years, and I find that in no single year has it
occurred that there are not these balances of ap-
nriations lying over from one year to the next,
in this respect, if the gentleman had wished
to be more nearly accurate, instead of taking the
estimate of the balances of appropriations which
would lie over, made more than eight months ago,
he had better have made a new one now when
the year has expired, and the data for an estimate
are fuller. The balances of last year to be ex-
pended this year are probably much larger than
the estimates. I hold in my hand an estimate
which I had prepared at the Treasury Depart-
ment, showing that on the 30th of June, 1850,
there was a balance in the Treasury of $14,105,000
unexpended; thus exceeding by nine millions the
estimates which the gentleman relies on. 1 know
the amount of these balances has been since very
materially decreased. This was the balance on
the 30th of June, 1850. Since then money has
been paid out—for instance,, you take the per
diem and mileage of members of Congress—then
there was a balance of upwards of one hundred
thousand dollars; now the appropriation is ex-
hausted. „ I might enumerate many other items to
show, that although this was the balance on the
30th of June, 1850, yet a large part of that sum
has been since exhausted. , But during this fiscal
year there will certainly be more than five millions
six hundred and fifty thousand dollars expended,
which were appropriated last year.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman says that be has
estimates of thousands of dollars of appropria-
tions for several years past. I wish to ask if he
has also estimates of the appropriations provided
for the deficiency bills for the same years, and
how they compare with these sums of appiopria-
tions?
Mr. BAYLY I am glad the gentleman has
called my attention to this. He says, though this
balance is hanging over, there will be a necessity
for the passage of deficiency bills next session.
1 fear there will be; but I do not anticipate it can
be large.
But there is one other point which 1 desire to
notice. There has been a great deal of com-
plaint—a sort of side-bar complaint—at the large
amount of appropriation bills that have been
brought into the House from the Committee of
Ways and Means. And a most ingenious effort
has been made by gentlemen who know nothing
of what they are talking about, to cast censure*
upon that committee. Our duty is to appropriate
money to carry out the existing laws; we cannot
repeal the law. If Congress pass laws which re-
quire money to carry them into execution, this
House may repeal them, it is true; or they may,
if they think it wise, refuse to make the necessary
appropriation; but the Committee of Ways and
Means have no such power. There are scarcely
any of the items of these bills—certainly none of
any large amount—which are not authorized by
laws of Congress; and for these laws of Congress
the committee is not responsible. To illustrate: 1
have taken pains to ascertain what has been the
amount appropriated by the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1847, passed at the session of 1845-'46, and
before the war was declared, and 1 find that the
civil and diplomatic appropriations for that year
was $4,151,866. This year we propose to appro-
priate $9,799,237.
Well, sir, most of this increase—very nearly the
whole of it—is made up of two items alone; the
one is §3,360,000, which is for Mexican indemnity
that has been made necessary by the treaty with
Mexico, concluded in 1848. And the other item
is $1,116,000 for taking the census, which of course
did not exist then, and the necessity for which is
created by law. Thus these two items alone, for
which not only was the committee bound to re-
port a bill, but which Congress js bound to pass a
law to provide for, added to the amount appro-
priated in 1845-'6, bring it up to §8,627,866. Well,
sir, what ore the other points of increased expend-
iture? Why they are demanded by laws that
have been heretofore passed. Take the various
items as they are arranged under the appropriate
heads—for instance, the pay and mileage of mem-
bers of Congress; the increased contingent ex-
penses of all the departments. There is, sir, in the
expenses of the judiciary department alone an in-
crease of upwards of $120,000. Then we have
established since then a new Executive Depart-
ment.
1 shall not detain the committee to show very
particularly in what branches of the public service
there has been an increase of expenditure—it is
not necessary that 1 should do so; it is sufficient to
say that there is scarcely an item in this bill over
which the committee had any control. If the
appropriations are extravagant, let this House
repeal the laws which authorize and require them.
Whilst those laws remain on the statute book, the
committee would understand their duty very poor-
ly, in my opinion, if they should undertake to
withhold an appropriation which the law makes
necessary.
" But 1 shall not go further into this argument with
my friend from Tennessee. He includes improp-
erly, as i have shown, two items which alone
swell his estimate $11,100,167, and bring down*
the amount that it is necessary to be supplied from
the general Treasury to about forty millions, which
is, in my opinion, reckless extravagance. But it
is extravagance over which the Committee of
Ways and Means had no control, that is to be pro-
vided for only by the law-making power.
There wasoneotherpoint made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Casey.] He complains,
that although there was a vast number of petitions
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
on the subject of an increase of the tariff, particu-
larly in regard to the duty on iron, that the com-
mittee have never taken up the subject for aclion,
and have never made any report upon it. Well
now, sir, does not every member of this House
know—does not evpry man in the country know,
that at this session, when theattention of Congress
has been constantly distracted by the all-absorbing-
question of slavery, that it was impossible to get
this House to act upon any subject, unless it was
one of the most pressing and crying necessity, and
about which there was no difference of opinion?
Does not the gentleman know that it has been im-
possible to take up any other question than this
alt-absorbing one? Well, who is responsible for
this? The Committee of Ways and Means?
Are they responsible? I undertake, sir, to say
that there is no one delegation in this House who
is more responsible for the state of things of which
the gentleman complains than his own, and par-
ticularly that part of the delegation with which he
is politically associated.
Mr. CASEY, (Mr. Bayi.y yielding.) I en-
deavored lo have my remarks printed by this,
morning; but having failed m that, I will state to
the gentleman from Virginia that it was the fact
that I complained of that the petitions, &c., had not
been acted upon for the space of more than seven
months. Nor did I charge the chairman of that
committee more than other members of it, with
any neglect of duty; and cited this as an evidence
of the indisposition of this House to do anything
for the relief of the suffering interests of the coun-
try. The fact, as I stated it, of course, the gen-
tleman does not, and cannot deny.
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot accept the apology of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 1 cannot con-
sent that I shall be exculpated, and blame thrown
upon the committee; because, during this session
of Congress, it gives me great pleasure to say,
there has been little action of the committee in
which I have not cordially concurred; and what I
was saying was not in defence of myself, but of
the committee as a body. And in that defence I
said, that although there bad been a vast number
of those petitions thrown before the committee, we
did not mean to do the useless thing of under-
taking to go into an investigation of thafsubject,
when it was perfectly evident to everybody that
the state of things in this House, to a large extent
produced by the associates and friends of the gen-
tleman himself, made any action upon the subject
entirely impossible. If the gentleman and his
friends, in the early part of the session, had taken
up this exciting subject, which is now absorbing
all attention, and met it as patriots, and adjusted
the question in a way that would have met with
the approbation of the countiy, and which would
have given to the country peace and quietness, we
would have had time to reexamine the tariff of
1846, and come to some decision concerning it,
and to have been now actually at our homes, in-
stead of being here, involved with these questions
quite as much as we were at the first of the session.
Yet, strange to say, when it is known that the
majority of the committee is as little liable as any
gentlemen in this House to the charge of having
