1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1©,
pie to pursue r'n this matter, is to pay to their ser-
vants a sum so liberal that they can afford to do
the work; so liberal that they need not be sub-
ject to the influence of money; and then to exact
of those servants a faithful performance of their
duties. These, sir, are my opinions; and while it
is in me to stand by the laboring masses, of whom
I am one, and from whom I have received all I
have and am, by these opinions I stand unshaken
and unmoved.
Mr. MORSE moved to amend the amendment
so as to allow $3,000 to members residing east, and
J4,000 to members residing west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Mr. M. deprecated the attempts constantly
made to reduce the compensation of members of
Congress, and thus, as we had seen done in some
of the States of the Union, put the seats up to the
lowest bidder. The great mistake in the United
States 'was the want of discrimination between the
salaries of offices, the duties of which required ca-
pacity, talent, and grtiius, and the salaries of of-
fices the duties of which were merely mechanical.
The compensation of members of Congress, either
in the form of mileage or per diem, should be such
as to command the best talent of the country.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VENABLE moved to amend the amend-
ment by substituting $600 for $500-
Mr. V. contended that all legislation for cutting
down the mileage of members was wrong in prin-
ciple. He was not in favor of making the mileage
extravagant, and would be willing to see it regu-
lated according to the rule pioposed at the last
Congress. A member who came here from a great
distance was entitled to higher remuneration than
one who could go home at any time in a short
period. He admonished the committee against
cutting down the compensation of members so that
none but rich men could come here—thus building
up the most foolish aristocracy on earth, an ans-
tocracy of wealth. He argued that the effectual
way to make the representatives of the people in-
dependent of the Executive was to pay them well,
and thus place them beyond those influences which,
by making them poor, would inevitably beset them.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The question recunng on the amendment of Mr.
Sweetser, was taken and it was rejected.
Mr. ORR moved an amendment to strike out
all after the word " Delegate" in the first proviso.
He remarked that his mileage was less than
$1,000; he would not therefore be affected by the
amendment. He was opposed to this side-bar
way of restricting mileage. If the system of mile-
age was to be changed, let a bill be introduced
into the House for that purpose. Further: he did
not know that members of Congre'ss were extrava-
gantly paid. There were very few members who
did not leave some lucrative business. Professional
men before they were sent here had generally at-
tained some eminence, and were receiving more
from their professional services than the aggregate
of the per diem and mileage here. So with mer-
chants who left their counting-houses and were sent
to this Hall. He was opposed to the reduction of
compensation of members of Congress; but that if
any change was made it should be by bill intro-
duced directly for that purpose.
Mr. CARTTER (speaking, under the rule, in
opposition to the amendment) said the limitation
of |1,000 far exceeded the expenses of travel. He
pointed out, as the great evil of the present system
of mileage, the inequalities of the receipts of mem-
bers, instancing the case of a member who received
$2,000 for travel, of which the expenses were only
$50 more, and the time five days more, than those
of another gentleman who received but §500. In
allusion to the remark of Mr. Venable relative to
the mileage being a bond of union—he said it
might be possible that it was necessary to fill the
pockets of the Representatives with thousands of
dollars, to save the Union; but if the bond was
merely mercenary—if gentlemen on this floor were
held together by common plunder—the Quicker
this den of thieves was broken up, the better. He
had no apprehension of the dissolution of the
Union, if some gentlemen did not receive ten times
as much as they ought to.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Our—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Mr. Casey
and Mr. Sawtelie were appointed.
The question was taken and the tellers reported,
ayes 53, noes 70.
So the amendment of Mr. Orr was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the section by
inserting after the word " Delegate," in the first
proviso, the following:
" At the rate of ten cents per mile for going to and re-
turning from the seat oRGovermnent: Provided, That from
and alter the present Congress, Senators, Representatives,
and Delegates, shall, in hen of a per diem compen:,aiion,
be eaeh paid an animal salary for their services of ——
dollars, or at that rate for the time said Senator, Bepre-.
sentative, or Delegate cununaes in office: Provided, Jurther,
That he shall have actually taken his seat, and entered upon
his duties as a member ol Congress."
A member on hi3 left (Mr. S. remarked) said
that amend raent would kill him. He would in-
form the gentleman, that he had offered it two or
three times .before. It had not killed him yet.
He had confidence in the intelligence of his peo-
ple. He proceeded to express his belief that the
present system of paying members of Congress
was all wrong. They were not paid enough by
the law, and so they undertook to raise the amount
by construction. To avoid these difficulties, he
proposed to give ten cents a mile, which would pay
actual expenses, and then an annual salary, which
was in blank. He would leave for the committee
to fill it. He should think it ought to be at least
$2,500. He alluded to the expenses to which
members were subjected in leaving their homes
and coming here, in keeping up two separate es-
tablishments, m the breaking up of professional
business during the sessions not only, but the re-
cesses, and said they were poorer paid than any
other Government officers. To the system ef per
rdiem compensation, he ascribed the lengthening
out of the sessions, an evil which, as well as the
continued quarreling upon the question of mileage,
would be removed by the change be proposed.
Mr. DUER expressed his hearty concurrence
in nearly all that had been said by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.] He believed that it
would be a much better plan for members of Con-
gress to receive a salary than the compensation
they were now paid. He believed this mileage
system to be radically wrong, and that this pro-
vision of the bill was not a complete cure for the
evil, though it would undoubtedly effect great good.
He believed the gentleman from Ohio last year
made precisely the same motion. He (Mr. D.)
voted for it; it was reported by the committee, the
House rejected it, and nothing at all was accom-
plished. His experience taught him that when
they had a practicable proposition before them
which was a great improvement upon the present
system, and which there was a reasonable proba-
bility of adopting, it was better to adhere to lt^1
than to give it up for some other, which, though it|
might be superior, the House had no probability,
of adopting. The proposition of the bill was a"'
great improvement upon the existing law. He
thought those favorable to reform should adhere
to it, and if it passed the House, that the Senate
would probably concur, and thus an important
step towards reform would be taken which could
be followed up by others hereafter.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would propose to fill
the blank with $2,500; but immediately waived
his purpose, with the remark that he preferred to
have the committee first vote upon the question
of principle, and afterwards they could fill the
blank.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
fill the blank with $2,000, for the purpose merely
of inquiring if the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio related to a per annum salary. His
impression was that if the blank were filled with
$2,000, the amendment, in other respects remain-
ing unchanged, the $2,000 would be for two years.
J Mr. SCHbNCIwmkI it was a per annum salary.
The amendment was read.
Mr. THOMPSON having accomplished his ob-
ject, said he would withdraw his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN reminded him that he could
not under the new five minutes rule.
Mr. THOMPSON said he did not want a vote
upon it.
Some conversation upon this, and connected
points of order followed between Mr. THOMP-
SON, Mr. SCHENCK, and the Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN stated to Mr. Schenck, that
upon reflection he thought the blank must be filled
before the amendment was vofed upon, else it was
an imperfect amendment and out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK said, to relieve the committee
of difficulty, he would adhere to hia proposition to
fill the blank with $2,SO®.
The blank was filled accordingly.
The question was taken,and the (pro forma)
amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, was
rejected.
Mr. THURSTON suggested the propriety of
the insertion of a proviso, that this clause of the
bill should iwt operate apon the prese t Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK said that such a proviso was
already in the bill.
The question being on the amendment of Mr,
SCBENCK,
Mr. SCHENCK called for tellers.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out $2,500 where it occurred,and to
insert $5,009.
Mr. MEADE said, he only desired to remark
to the gentleman from Ohio, that if he had pro-
posed his amendment in earnest, it ought to be so
modified as to prevent any inequality in its oper-
ation. Now it is well known tlrrtt the elections
take place in different States at different periods of
the year, in Virginia, the elections take place in
the month of April, fn the State of North Caro-
lina, they come on in August; and there are other
States which eleet in the Summer and the Fall.
Now, it would be evident to every one, that while
a portion of these Representatives would receive
the salary for nearly the fall term of two years,
others would receive a much less compensation.
He desired that the amendment should be so mod.
ified, as to proportion the amoant of the compen-
sation to the term during which the member ac-
tually served as a Representative.
Mr. SCHENCK said, he saw that there was a
difficulty in the arrangement as proposed by him.
But it could be remedied by a modification, which
he would make.
Mr. S. then modified his amendment, so as to
read as follows:
" At the rate of tfn cents per mile for going tormd return-
ing from the seat of Government: Provided, That from and
after the present Congress, Senators and Representatives
and Delates shall, m lieu of a per dieui compensation, be
each paid an annual salary tor their services of twenty-
five hundred dollars, or at that rate for the time such Sena-
tor, Representative, wr Delegate continues in office: Pro-
vided, further, That he shall have actually taken Ins seat,
and entered upon his duties as a member of Congress; and
the computation for such salary to relate back to and begin
from the commencement of the Congress."
Mr. MEADE expressed his readiness to accept
this as a modification of his amendment.
JPfce question being on the amendment as modi-
Jfod—
f Mr. WILMOT opposed the amendment, be-
cause it would increase the aggregate compensa-
tion paid to members of Congress out of the pub-
lic Treasury. There was now as large an amount
paid to members as ought to be paid, and as much
as the people would be disposed to allow. But it
was certainty very proper that something should
be done by way of equalizing this compensation.
There was no good reason why one member
should receive two or three times more than others
reeeive. In his judgment, this equality might b®
obtained, and all the members of Congress might
be placed on the same footing with reference to
compensation.
The CHAIR here put a question to the gentleman
from Virginia, whether he had accepted the mod-
ification of the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. MEADE said, he had understood that the
gentleman from Ohio had so modified his propo-
sition as to obviate the objection he had raised, on
the ground of its unequal operation. He had ac-
cepted that modification, although he was opposed
to any amendment which changed the character of
the bill as it came from the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The CHAIR then decided that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] was out of order
in his remarks.
, Mr. WILMOT asked if it was in order to move
to amend the amendment?
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative,
\ Mr. WILMOT then moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out from the amendment all that
related to mileage, and to increase the per diem to
ten dollars per day.
Mr. W. repeated, that the compensation now
paid to members of Congress was as large as it
ought to be, but that it was improperly and une-
qually divided. Those who lived at a very remote
