1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i sm
distance from Washington received double the
amount of compensation received by those mem-
bers whose residence was nearer. During a long
session these remote members sometimes treble
that amount; and now that the facilities of travel
are so much increased, this difference is made still
greater. He was of opinion that the desirable
equality would be effected by the adoption of his
amendment. He would reduce the rate of com-
pensation for mileage, and increase the per diem;
and this he thought the best mode of reducing the
inequality which now exists. His great object
was not to impose any additional tax on the Treas-
ury, but to take from the aggregate of compensa-
tion now paid, and divide it more equally. The
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio would in-
crease the amount of compensation, and this in-
crease would fall on the Treasury, and would not
be regarded with favor by their constituents. He
was not for reducing the pay of members. He
regarded it as being as low now as it ought to be.
What he desired was, that the aggregate which
was now given for compensation should be more
equally distributed, and that no new burden should
be thrown on the Treasury.
Mr. HUBBARD said a few words, for the pur-
pose of showing that this amendment could not
operate equally. But as he did not think such
would be its effect, he could not vote for it. It
would give him about the same as he had been in
the habit of receiving. But he desired to put a
case, to show the inequality of its operation. The
gentleman from Virginia, whose seat was before
him, went away very often to attend court. This
he, and other gentlemen, were enabled to do, owing
to the proximity of their residence; while such
members as live at a great distance are compelled
to remain here and sit through the whole session.
Now, it was evident that while one gentleman is
enabled to go away, from time to time, to attend
to his professional duties, while another can take
care of his farm, and another can go and look after
his mercantile affairs—while those who lived at a
great distance are obliged to remain here to the ne-
glect of all their private concerns, the operation of
this amendment would do little to put all on an
equality.
The question was put, and the amendment to
the amendment was negatived.
Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut, moved to amend
the amendment of Mr. Schenck, by striking out
$25,000, and inserting the following:
"An amount to bp ascertained by taking the average ag-
gregate annual amount paid for mileage and per diem, du-
ring the last five years, deducting therefrom the amount
herein allowed as mileage, and dividing the balance by the
number of Senatois and Representatives."
Mr. B. remarked, in offering this amend-
ment, that it appeared to be the general desire of
the committee to equalize the compensation to
members. It was agreed, on all hands, that the
present system of mileage was unequal in its oper-
ation. The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio proposes to fix ten cents per mile as the
compensation for mileage. This would certainly
reduce the amount of compensation, unless some-
thing was added to the per diem or in the shape of
salary. An attempt could not be made to increase
the pay of members without causing dissatisfac-
tion among the people. But it appeared to him
that the object might be obtained in the way speci-
fied in the proposition he had offered by way of
amendment, which was to take the average of the
compensation paid during the last five years, so
that each member might receive an equal amount
of compensation, taking the amount of mileage
and per diem together. Such would be the effect
of his amendment. Adopting it, we could go to
the people and say that we have imposed no new
burden on the Treasury, but that we had accom-
plished the change by taking off a portion from
the mileage, and adding it to the salary. We
should thus satisfy our constituents, at the same
time that we do justice to the members from all
parts of the Union.
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was negatived.
Mr. THURSTON moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all the last proviso, as fol-
lows:
" Provided,further, That he shall have actually taken his
seat and entered upon his duties as a member ol Oongre.-s ;
and the computation of such salary to relate back to and
begin from the commencement of the Congress."
Mr. THURSTON desired to call the attention
of the committee to the simple fact which stands
out in bold relief in this amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio. That amendment proposed a
salary to the members; and it makes the provision
that a member shall not be entitled to receive any
part of this salary until he shall have taken his
seat in this House. Now, in the Territory of
Oregon, the election of a Delegate takes place in
the month of June. Suppose such Delegate
elected, and that he has started, and has reached
New York, after an exp-enditure on the journey of
not less than $800, and a lapse of time of at least
three months: he is not entitled to receive a cent
on account of his salary, unless he has actually
reached this city and been sworn in, and has taken
his seat. He may draw his mileage of ten cents
per mile, but he cannot touch the salary. And let
it be remembered, that this amendment will apply
to the Delegate at the next session. The provision,
if inserted in the bill, would take effect on the day
when the bill shall receive the approval of the
President. So that it will take effect on the Dele-
gate at the next session. Now, he considered
himself elected under a law which guarantied to
him a certain amount of mileage. He entered on
the duties of his station as Delegate under this
contract, and Congress had no right to take away
from him what was his vested right. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio could not inter-
fere with any contract made between him and the
United States.
Mr. ASHMUN submitted, as a point of order,
that a Delegate had no right to make a motion.
The CHAIR referred to the law of 1817, and
directed it to be read.
The law having been read—
The CHAIRMAN expressed his regret that
the point of order had been made at a time when,
under the order of the House, debate could not be
allowed. The Chair was of opinion that a Dele-
gate had not a right to make a motion, and that
he had no other privileges except such as were
expressly conferred by law. A Delegate might
take part in debate, but could not make a motion.
The Chair could not regard the right to make a
motion as incident or necessary to the right to de-
bate.
Mr. McLANE, of Kentucky, appealed from the
decision.'
Mr. THURSTON inquired if the appeal was
debatable?
The CHAIR answered in the negative.
Some conversation followed between Mr.
THOMPSON, of Mississippi, and the Chair, and
also between Mr. SCHENCK and the Chair.
Mr. FOWLER moved that, by unanimous con-
sent, the Delegate from Oregon [Mr. Thurston]
have leave to speak to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ROOT objected.
Mr. DUER wished, before the vote was taken,
to add another point of order, viz: that if the act
of Congress gave the Delegate the right to make a
motion, it would be unconstitutional, as that was
the privilege of a member of the House; in other
words, that a Delegate was not a member.
A momentary conversation ensued between
Mr. McCLERNAND, Mr. PARKER, and the
Chairman.
The question was taken, and the tellers (Messrs.
Moore and Ewing) reported—ayes 71, noes 56'.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Thurston was ruled to be
out of order.
Mr. HUBBARD offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio:
" JLni provided further, That for every day's absence from
the House without leave, there shall be deducted from the
pay of each member (ten) eight dollars per day unless such
member shall be sack, and unable on that account to attend
to his duties."
Mr. H. said that gentlemen were desirous of
equalizing the pay of members; this was one method
of accomplishing that object, and they ought there-
fore to vote for this amendment.
Mr. POTTER opposed it. This is the third year
(said Mr. P.) that I have been a member of this
House, and uniformly about this time every year
we have a few men in Congress who are constantly
harping about their pay—that they are paid too
much. I can conceive but two reasons for this—
one is to satisfy our constituents of our disinter-
ested patriotism, and willingness to serve the
country for almost nothing. The other I have no
doubt comes from a very conscientious class of
members, who really believe they are getting more
from the Government than their services Are really
worth. Now to this latter class 1 propose, to
relieve their consciences, to relinquish such an
amount of their lawful pay as will make their
compensation correspond to what in their judg-
ment their services are worth. To thoBe who
serve their country out of purely patriotic motives
I would propose, as a practical illustration of their
positions, that they relinquish all claim to com-
pensation, leaving such of us as believe we are not
overpaid to receive our lawful pay, and I would
not object to dividing the sum relinquished by the
two classes 1 have mentioned amongst the balance
of the members. I think, however, that a division
of the fund would not occasion much difficulty.
The people of my district are liberal; and, al-
though they are willing to allow their member to
practice almost any system of economy, they are
still willing that he should live as a gentleman,
and not pinch him down with that parsimonious
system of retrenchment, which the reduction of
our pay would necessarily enforce upon us. I
would vote to-day to increase our compensation
for mileage and per diem ten per cent.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hub-
bard,] tellers were demanded and ordered.
And Messrs. Waldo and Duncan being ap-
pointed such, they reported 48 in the affirmative,
and 64 in the negative.
A quorum not having voted, the Clerk was di-
rected t<? call the roll.
The roll was called, and the absentees noted.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
these facts to the House.
A quorum being present, the House again re-
sumed its session in Committee of the Whole.
The vote being again taken, resulted—ayes 60,
noes 67.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and the
question being taken, the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the section, by inserting after the word "dollars,"
where it first occurs, the following:
" And hereafter members of the House of Representatives
and benators shall not receive mileage, but instead tbete-
of, their actual expenses in traveling to and from the seat
of Government shall be paid; and each Representative and
Senator shall be entilled to a per diem compensation of
(twelve) dollars, computing the tune from the d.y lie leaves
home, until the day of his return; but no member shall be
allowed pay for more than twenty days' ttavel 111 going to,
or returning trom Congress."
Mr. B. observed, that if gentlemen were really
in earnest in wishing to have the pay of mem-
bers of Congress equalized, he thought this plan
would accomplish their object, or at least, it
would approach as near to it as any plan that
could be adopted. At present there was no equal-
ity. Some received much more than others for the
same services.
Mr. BAYLY said, that in forming the provisions
that were contained in this bill, in relation to the
mileage of members of Congress, it was not sup-
posed that the committee could hit upon a system
that was perfect; but many gentlemen in the
House thought that there should be some reform
in regard to this subject, and the endeavors of the
committee had been to fix upon a plan that would
at least correct many abuses growing out of the
present system of mileage.
The most important provision was the one pro-
hibiting Senators from receiving constructive mile-
age. There had been, since he had been in Con-
gress, a great many attempts made to introduce a
I change in this respect, but he had never seen a
proposition presented which was not subsequently
amended and modified until it became 30 prepos-
terous that it had to be rejected. He hoped there
would be some steps taken towards a reform in
this particular, and he knew of no better way of ar-
riving at such a result than by adopting the pro-
visions that were contained in the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] by inserting the word " necessary" be-
fore the word "expenses." With some such
modification (he said) he should be willing to vote
for the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi. It was a matter that he was entirely unin-
