1830.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (3MBE.
499
in the body of the ordinance itself, reserving to a
portion of the inhabitantsof the territory, the right
to continue to hold the slaves they already pos-
sessed.
Mr. STANTON asked the honorable gentleman
to lead the clause of the ordinance to which he re-
ferred.
Mr. MANN read as follows;
" Savins, however, to. the French and Canadian inhabit-
ants, and other settlers of the Kaskaskie-*, St. Vincent, and
the neighboring villages,-who have heretofore professed
themselves citizens of Virginia, their laws and customs now
in force among them, relative to the descent and convince
of property."
In reply to thequestion, whether he remembered
a certain Convention held about forty years ago in
the city of Hartford, he had to say, that although
too young to fake any part in political affairs,
until many years after, yet he remembered it as a
fact, and hoped the promoters of the Nashville
Convention would remember it as a warning.
Mr. STANTON resuming. The clause quoted
by the honorable, gentleman from Massachusetts,
as its language shows, refers to the laws and cus-
toms, in regard fo the descent and conveyance of
property, and as I am informed, has been decided
by the courts not to apply to the right to hold
slaves. The honorable gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch,] had stated in his remarks that sla-
very was abolished in the Northwestern territory
by the ordinance, and I referred to the facts ex-
hibited by the census tables, to show that slaves
existed there now, notwithstanding the ordinance.
Sir, I hate that word disunion, and wish it could
be blotted from the vocabulary of our language. I
would go as far, and make as many sacrifices,
within the bounds of reason, to perpetuate this
Union, as any man upGn this floor. But what
use are sacrifices and concessions, when the foe
we have to deal with is inexorable, and cannot be
appeased ? To save this Union, the sacrifices must
be mutoal—the North must concede, as well as the
South. Gentlemen speak of the magnanimity of
the North, in not preventing ihe admission of slave
States into this Union, when they had the numeri-
cal power in Congress to do so. Magnanimity,
indeed ! You take credit to yourselves for ab-
staining from what you had no right to do. But
is it true, that the Representatives from the North
have always been as magnanimous as some of
them claim to be, in regard to the admission of
slave States? I think the history of the country
will show that nearly, if not all, the opposition
made to the admission of southern States into the
Union, since the adoption of the Constitution, has
been by northern votes. The course of the South
has been truly magnanimous. Before the present
Government was instituted—before the adoption
of the present Constitution—the^South, as a peace-
offering to the Union, surrendered the vast North-
western territory. Since then, with like generos-
ity, and to promote the peace and harmony of the
Republic, she submitted to the Missouri compro-
mise, and surrendered up territory to be free, which
might otherwise have been settled by a slave pop-
ulation. The North demanded Oregon, and the
South quietly yielded to the demand, it has been
a series of constant demands upon the part of the
North, and a constant yielding on the part of the
South; and still we are required to yield more. If
.you would save the Union, and perpetuate the
Government under which we have lived so long
and so prosperously, you must meet us in a spirit
of conciliation, prepared to concede something to
our demands.
But, we are told by the honorable gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Van Dyke,] that Texas
cam£ into the Union without any equivalent to the
North, and this is regarded byhimas the evidence
of great magnanimity on the part of those who
submitted to it. What equivalent, pray, was the
North entitled to i Without Texas, how stands
the balance of accounts between the North and the
South ? The £sTorth has obtained from the South,
by the ordinance of 1787, the Missouri compro*
mtse,and the surrender of Oregon, 1,238,025 square
miles of territory. The South, befoie the acces-
sion of Texas, had retained, of the territory ac-
quired since the formation of the Goverement, only
283,503 square miles, leaving a balance against the
Noith of 954,522. The acquisition of Texas,
added to the slave territory ot the Union 325,520
square miles, making a total of only 609,203, or
less than one-half of the amount which the North
has secured to herself, Certainly, sir, this con-
dition of the account does not show that the North
was entitled to any equivalent upon the acquisition
of Texas, unless the gentleman proceeds upon the
assumption, that one square mile of slave territory
is worth four of free territory, if the North suc-
ceeds in securing to itself, the whole of the terri-
tory acquired from Mexico, as it is now seeking
to do, it will add to that already secured, 526,078
square miles, making a grand total of 1,764,-
103 square miles of territory, from which slavery
will have been excluded, while only 609,023, or
about one fourth of the whole, will remai/i to the
South. May I not retort, by asking the gentle-
man, what equivalent has the South got, or is
likely to get, for all this territory surrendered up,
and to be surrendered up, to the North ?
The honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root]
asks, with characteristic modesty, why the South
shall not be excluded from the new territory, if a
majority of the Representatives on this floor de-
mand it ? Sir, the armed highwayman, who meets
you defenceless on the way-side, may, with the
same propriety and justice, demand your purse.
The majority on this floor have no more right,
because of their numbers, to rob us of our rights
in the territories, than the highwayman, because
of his supeuor strength, has to take your money.
It is not alone because it is "an exciting ques-
tion," as the gentleman, in h is simplicity, seems
to suppose, that we resist our exclusion from the
territories, but because you have no right in com-
mon honesty, or by the Constitution of our com-
mon country, to do it. The avowal of such a
doctrine, that you have the right, because you have
the numbers, is in keeping with the reckfess pur-
poses of the party of which the gentleman is the
distinguished leader, and which was so graphically
described, a fewdays ago, by the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wintiirop.]
To avoid the responsibility of deciding the Wil-
mot proviso, and to relieve the President of the
United States from the awkwaid dilemma in
which the incidents of the late campaign had in-
volved him, the people of California have been
stimulated to form for themselves a State consti-
tution, and are now asking admission into the
Union. The will of Congress, in regard to the
formation of a government for California, was ex-
pressed, in its tefusal at the last session to take
action on the subject. The President of the United
States, whose respect for the will of that body was
unbounded before the last election, has encour-
aged the revolutionary proceedings in that tein-
tory, and precipitated the existing state of things.
Without the shadow of authority, under any law
or provision of the Constitution, the people of
California have taken the power into their o a n
hands, and instituted all the machinery of State
government. For a somewhat like proceeding—
though having far more justification in the long
continued denial of popular rights by the party in
power—the leader of the popular movement in
Rhode Island was condemned to a felon's cell. I
need not say, sir, that these proceedings in Cal-
ifornia, having not even the excuse of those in
Rhode Island, are revolutionary—dangerous, as a
precedent, and deserving the severest rebuke from
this Government. If the people of Calfornia have
a right to form a State government, without the
authority of Congress, they have a right to ask
admission into the Union, or not, as may suit
their convenience or pleasure. There is no power
to compel a State to come into the Union, and if
California chooses, she may remain out indefi-
nitely. What a spectacle would this state of
things present—an independent State, exercising
sovereignty upon our own territory, but bearing
no allegiance to, or having any relation with, our
Government.
Mr. GERRY here interposed, and was under-
stood to say, that the movement in Rhode Island
was supported by the Democratic party.
Mr. STANTON continuing, said, I care not by
whom it was supported, the Whig party de-
nounced the proceedings in Rhode Island as rev-
olutionary, and if they were, those in California
have been more so.
But, waiving the right of California, unauthor-
ized, to take these steps for the formation of a
government, which I do not intend to discuss,
there are other considerations, which would seem
to justify the South, in not being willing to admit
her into the Union. Her boundaries are said to
be unreasonable, embracing the whole Pacific
coast, from the lower-extremity of ourf
to the Oregon line. A provision has been forced
into her constitution, excluding slavery, and forced
there, too, by the threats of the North, that she
would not be admitted into the Union-if she toler-
ated it. The South has been deterred from ail
participation in the settlement of the territory, by
the constant agitation of the slave question, and the
determined resistance made by Representatives
from the North, to all legislation by Congress,
providing a territorial Government, unless it was
burdened with the restriction on the subject of
slavery. Can the South so far forget its self-re-
spect, its dignity, and its rights, and, under these
circumstances, give her unqualified admission into
the American Union?
I verily believe, sir, but for the causes referred
to, California would now be a slave State. If the
people had been left to their own impulses, arid
no fears had been aroused, as to their admission
into the Union, the slavery prohibition would
never have had a place in her constitution. 1 can-
not doubt, for a moment, that slave labor may be
as profitably employed in California as m any
portion of the Republic. In this opinion, It hink I
am well fortified by the late message of the Gov-
ernor of the new State. I read a snort paragraph
from that document:
"The operation ol a reasonable and sound system of taxa-
tion upon the agricultural re.^ource&of the country, would be
most decidedly beneficial in a very shou period. Mo«tof
the fine agricultural lands of California are now in the hands
of a lew persons, who suffer ihein to remain wild and un-
cultivated. A few month:* ago, when the population was
small, and tho want-* of the community but lew uud >imple,
the natural pasturage ol the country, with a limited cultiva-
tion of the soil, was ample foi all the purposes of life ; but
under the changed cucunistances, when our country teems
with people who must be ted, and when the population is
so rapidly augmenting, it is unreti-tmablo, if not impossible,
that the country should remain m a Mute of nature. No
country can safely depend upon an unceitam foreign supply
ot the fip>t necessaries of life. Such a supply would be f-ub-
jeet to (ill the vict&itudes of war or peace, would never be
regulai, and price? would be always fluctuating—either ex-
travagantly hi«h, or so low as to di&couiage importation.
The provisions themselves arc generally stale and unwhole-
some, and no doubt one half tho disease suffered in the
country has aris.cn fiom ihis prolific source. When those
who own immense ti acts ot rich, fertile, and beautiful hinds,
now in a state ol nature, producing no ients or profits, s<ha1l
have to pay taxes upon them in propo.tion to their value,
they will ihid it their interest to sell out portions to tho e
who will cultivate them ; tuu> encouraging the agricultural
indu-Miy of the countiy, and at the same tinn- gieatly ineteas-
ing the value of the portions not sold. In the last fifteen
mouth* the number ol cattle m the countiy lias been japuily
dccrca$in«, while our population has increased in the iame '
latio. Fiesh meats are indispensable to our health, and
cannot he imported j and if this state of thing? should con-
tinue only h few years* longer, the increased expenses of
living wiII be so great, that mining and other kinds of busi-
ness must cease to be profitable. The constitution makes
it the duty of the legislature to encourge agriculture—that
first and noblest of all industrial pursuits ; but I am not
awaieof any other means at present within your power
than those 1 have suggested.,J
Here is a grave recommendation from the Gov-
ernor to impose heavy taxation upon the lands, in
order to force them into hands that will cultivate
them. Not even the necessity of having to con-
sume " stale and unwholesome bread" and putrid
meat, can stimulate the freemen of California to
abandon the rich harvest of the mines for the richer
; harvest of the soil. Can any man doubt that
\ slave labor, which could be coerced into the pro-
duction of the necessaries of life, might not be in-
troduced and used profitably ? It seems to me,
that no belter proof of the adaptation of slave labor
to the wants and necessities existing m California,
could be produced, than this singular recommend-
ation of the Governor.
But, sir, I have already said, that I am willing
to make any reasonable concession and sacrifice,
to secure a settlement of the dangerous question
which now shakes this Confederacy to its very
centre. Notwithstanding the wrong done to the
South m excluding her from California—notwith-
standing the unprecedented and revolutionary
character of her proceedings, by which the exist-
ing state of things has been superinduced—-I will
waive all these, and vote to admit her into the
Union, with suitable boundaries, if northern men
will meet me in a like spirit of concession. Let
them °ive us governments tor the remaining por-
tions 'of the territory, exempt from the Wilmot
proviso, or other restriction on the subject of slave-
ry, and some assurance that when States, formed
of such territory, shall ask admission into the
Union, they will be received with whatever pto-
visions they may adopt on the subject of slavery
and I, for one, will be satisfied.
