1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 17,
terested about personally, but be believed there
were many abuses in connection with the allow-
ance of mileage which ought to be corrected. This j
bill, in some deo*ree, provided a remedy, but it did j
not go far enough. He had always voted for pro- j
visions of this kind whenever they had been of- j
fered. They were hot sufficient, however, to cure
the evil. If he could not getprecisely what he
wanted, he would vote for them; but he thought
that if gentlemen would only lay aside the fear
which they seemed to entertain, that the people
might puta wrong construction upon what they did,
they might make more effectual and more beneficial
provision, either by adopting some such proposi-
tion as he had offered, or such.as that offered by
the gentleman from Mississippi—for it was almost
equivalent to his own—increasing the compensa-
tion of members, while at the same time a reduc-
tion was made in the mileage. Let members be
paid the actual expenses of travel, and then let
their pay be either in the shape of per diem or a
certain sum yearly, and the matter would be
pioccd upon the proper footing.
Mr. BROWN accepted the amendment as a
^modification of his amendment.
Mr. WOODWARD said, he was opposed to the
amendment, and he was opposed to disturbing the
provisions of the bill in any respect. He was not
satisfied with the law as it at present stood, in
regard to this subject, but he was quite satisfied
that this committee could not effect any beneficial
reform. Make what change they might, it would
not be acquiesced in. There was a pdVpetual
sgitation of this question of mileage, and not
the slightest good effected by it. The inequality
that it produced in the compensation of mem-
bers was not so great, it appeared to him as some
gentlemen seemed to consider. Those who re-
ceived the greatest amount of mileage labored
under the disadvantage of bein? at a greater dis-
tance from their families. And after all, the in-
equality was a matter of little consequence. He
would a great deal rather have^a permanent sys-
tem, though it might he somewhat defective, than
to have a succession of legislative expedients. He
trusted the law would be allowed to stand as it is,
bad as it; is for he thought it much better that it
should remain so, than to attempt fruitlessly to
alter it. The material grievances had been reme-
died by the bill; constructive mileage had been
provided for, and the route to be traveled more
clearly indicated. This he thought was sufficient
for the present.
Mr. ALBERTSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out twelve" and inserting
" enrht."
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ASHEmoved that the committee rise. The
question being put, it was lost—ayes 40, noes 92.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
and it w s not agreed to.
Mr. MEA DE moved to amend the second'proviso
in the section, by increasing the mileage of mem-
bers, &c., east of the Rocky Mountains, to $1,500,
and to those west of the Rocky Mountains to
$2 500.
Mr. MEADE made some remarks (not distinct-
ly heard) showing the propriety of the increase
he proposed.
Mr. VINTON raised the question of order, that
the committee, having refused to strike out the
proviso now proposed to be amended, it was tan-
tamount to its adoption, and that therefore it was
not susceptible of further amendment.
The CHAIR overruled the point.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. WOODWARD offered the following as an
additional proviso:
Provided, nho, That no member shall be paid less for
any one t^oion than $1,200."
Mr. W. explained, and supported his amend-
ment.
Mr. TOOMBS opposed it. He expressed him-
self in favor of the bill as it stood, as it proposed
some reform in the system of mileage.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment w s re)ft>ted.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the bill by
striking from the first proviso the words "by
which the mails are transported," and to insert
the words 14 usually traveled.*'
Mr. PARKER briefly urged the adoption of
this amendment,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said, he was perfect-
ly satisfied that the present system of mileage was
wrong, but he was also satisfied that when the
question came up as ft did now, at a time when
public business was pressing upon them, it was
not a time when they could mature a system that
would endure. They might make a change in the
system, but it would probably be again changed
at the next session of Congress, and there would
be no 'stability. If a change were made at all, it
ought to be such an one as would commend itself
to the judgment of the whole country, and one
which would be permanent. Such a plan could
scarcely be matured at this late period of the ses-
sion, and it was high time that they should com-
mence voting upon some of the items that were
contained in this appropriation bill. He was op-
posed to this proposition, because he was satisfied
they would be able to accomplish nothing by
it; he trusted it would be voted down, and that
the committee would proceed to act upon the bill.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was negatived.
On motion by Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky,
the committee, by ayes 75, noes 49, agreed to rise.
It accordingly rose, and the chairman reported
progress.
Mr. ORR moved that when the House adjourn
it be till Monday next; and the question being put,
it was disagreed to.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. BOOTH: The memorial of Francis Allyn and
57 other citizens of Now London, in the State of Con-
necticut, semriir forth that the present tanft" of duties is
calculated to hem fit foreigner, and depress American labo£
they pray that ihe laws may be so changed that the duties
may he specific in placc of ad valorem in all cases where
practicable.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of John M. Myers and 404
oilier citizens oi Indiana, asking a post-rnute from Marion,
in Grant conniv, through America, in Wabash county, to
Lagro in ihe latter county.
By Mr. K! \ G, of Rhode Island Tiie petition of Benjamin
Br.iyton mm' other*, citizens of Fall River, Massachusetts,
and of Newphit, Rhode Island, for the establishment of a
spar huoj i>«> (r C">al Mine wharf, in Providence river.
Bv Mr. JIARLAN: The petition of Joseph Anthony and
380 other ••ruztni^ of Indiana, praying for the establishment
ofapo^t mute from Richmond lo Muncy m said State.
ANo. the petition of Major S. W. Sprou and other citi-
/.en^ of I>e Kiilbeountv, Indiana, praying for the passage of
a hill tor the relief of David Caspar, a soldier in the war of
1812.
By Mr. GOULD: The petition of Stephen Steenrod,for
relief.
By Mr. McL ANAIIAN: The petition of David With-
erow, a soldier in the late war against England,piaying for
relief.
■HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, JluguH 17, 1850.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Hon. Charles M. Conrad,
resigning his seat as member of the present Con-
gress from the second congressional district in
the State of Louisiana.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. NELSON, remarking that although yester-
day was private bill day, inasmuch as the general
debate on the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill was to he closed at twelve o'clock, the Com-
mittee of Claims had not thought proper to move
to take up the private calendar, moved to go into
Committee of the Whole House, for the consid-
eration of bills on the private calendar.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GOTT moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion of Mr. Nelson was put, and dis-
agreed to—ayes 45, noes 71.
The question recurred and was taken upon the
motion of Mr. GoTT,and decided in the affirma-
tive.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of t*hc bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
When the committee rose last evening, the fol-
lowing clause of the bill was under consideration:
" For compensation and mileage of Senators, members
of the of Representatives, and Delegates, #416.338:
Proofed) That the mileage of Senators, Repr< sentai'ives,
and Delegates, shall hereafter be computed on the route by
winch the mails are transported from ihe C.ifiito) to the res-
idence of each Senator,Representative, or Delegate: And
provided, further, That no such member of either branch fo
Congress, raiding ea-=t of the Rocky Mountains, shall re-
ceive more than $1,000 mileage for each session, and no
such member or Delegate residing west of ihe Rocky Moun-
tains shall receive more than $2,000 mileage for each ses-
sion. Nor shall any member of the Senate receive mileage
for anv session of that body which may be called within
thirty days after the adjournment of both Houses of Con-
gress, unless the travel lor which such mileage ts charged
has been actually performed."
Mr. McGAUGHEY moved to strike from the
above the first proviso.
Mr. McG. objected to the proposed computa-
tion of mileage, as the mail routes varied with the
different seasons of the year and other circumstan-
ces. The. eastern mails to his State when the
Ohio river was low, were transported over the
Cumberland road; at other times by the river.
Hence it was an uncertain standard, and never
could be rendered uniform. The present rule of
reckoning by the usually traveled route, though
liable to abuses, (as all laws were,) was the best.
Again: he thought the change was out of place in
the general appropriation bill, and said the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, if they intended to
report on this subject, should have reported at an
early stage of the session, in time to have admitted
of consideration by the House.
Mr. TOOMBS opposed the amendment, and
defended the Committee of Ways and Means m
their report of this clause of the bill, stating that
the subject had been under their consideration for
seven months; that the bill had been reported and
before the House for several weeks; that it had
been debated in this committee until they had
seen fit to terminate debate. He contended that
the objection of Mr. McGaughey lay with equal
force against the computation on the usually tiav-
eled route, as that varied precisely with the mail
route.
Mr. PITCH moved to amend the part proposed
to be stricken out, by inserting before " route " the
word " nearest."
He expressed his concurrence in most of what
had been said by his colleague, [Mr. McGaughey,]
but objected to the present standard, the "usually
traveled" route, as indefinite, there being two or
three usually traveled routes from the residence of
alrrost every member to Washington. His prop-
osition, the lt nearest" mail route, would constitute
a definite rule. Although this matter of mileage
really belonged to the committee of which he was
chairman, (the Committee on Mileage,) he did not
feel disposed to quajrel with the Committee of
Ways and Means for reporting upon it; but
rather thanked them. Had they not reported, his
committee would have brought forward some
proposition on the subject. He hoped the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means would be
adopted. Though it might be improved, it wasaa
great a reform as was practicable at this time.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the amendment
by striking therefrom the words, " the route by
which the mails are transported from the Capitol
to," and to insert the words, "a direct line from
the seat of Government to the post office nearest.*1
Mr. M. said, if his amendment should prevail
he should move to strike out the proviso limiting
the amount of mileage, and leave each member to
receive his mileage estimated upon a direct line;
which he thought just, and preferable to the sec-
tion as reported.
The questions being respectively taken,
The amendments of Messrs. Meade and Fitch
were rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. McGaughey—
Mr. NELSON moved to amend the amendment
by striking out of the first proviso the word "are,"
and to insert "shall be," and to insert at the end
of said proviso the words, "at the time of the
commencement and close of each session of Con-
gress for which such mileage shall be claimed."
He said that his amendment would meet the
objection made to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. McGaughey,] as to uncer-
tainty, by specifying at what time the transporta-
tion should be computed.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Nelson was lost.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
