500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
I cannot, sir, in justice to myself, and the peo-
ple whom I have the honor to represent, take my
seat without bestowing some notice upon a portion
of the extraordinary speech of the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and 1
regret that he is not now in his seat to hear what I
intend to say. His fame is not unknown to the
peopleof the West. His boldnesa and intrepidity
on a certain memorable occasion have given him a
world-wide notoriety. It needed not his late tirade
against a most worthy and meritorious class of
our citizens—the free white laborers of the slave
States—to give him reputation. The. " Buck-shot
war"—an occurrence which never takes place in a
slave State—has made his name memorable all
over this nation. The honorable gentleman, in
depicting what he supposed to be one of the eyils
of slavery, thought proper to make an unjust and
unwarrantable attack upon the free white lab irers
of the slave States. That I may not misrepresent
the gentleman, I quote the slanderous attack fioin
his printed speech:
"There, there is no sound connocting-link between the
aristocrat and the slave True, there is a cl of human
beings between them, but they - re the most worthle-s and
miserable of mankind. The poor white laborer is the scorn
of the slave hinuelt; for tdaveiv always degiade* labor.
The white people who woik with their hands, are ranked
Willi the other labor is—trie slaves. Th<y are excluded
from the society Of the rich. Their associates, if any, arc
with the colored population. They fee] that they aie do-
graded and despised ; and their minds and conduct generally
conform to their condition."
Sir, if any man on this floor has a right to speak
for the free white laborers of the slave States, it is
me. It is the pride of my life, that I sprang from
* this class of citizens, thus -wantonly denounced.
Twelve years of my life were spent in actual man-
ual labor among tjjem, and I have never lived
elsewhere than in a slave State. So far as the
language of the honorable gentleman applies to
that portion of the free white laborers whom 1
represent, I pronounce the charges base, unmiti-
gated slanders, utterly without foundation in
truth. 1 do not hesitate to say, sir, that a more
moral, intelligent, high-minded and patriotic class
of men lhan the fiee laborers of Kentucky, can-
not be found in any State of this Union. So far
from being held in scorn by any portion of the
population, they are respected by all, and many
find their way to the pulpit, the bar, the legislature,
and the halls of Congress. I venture the asser-
tion, that in all the qualities which contribute to
the dignity and perfection of human.nature, they
surpass infinitely the same class of men in any of
the free States, and occupy a far higher position
in the scale of social life. 1 do not know that the
honorable gentleman, who thus assails the free
citizens of slave States with vituperation and slan-
der, ever trod his foot upon the soil of one of these
States; but this I do know, that with his present
sentiments, and his disposition to vilify and slan-
der persons of whom he knows nothing, tf he came
among us there is not a respectable netjro who
would deem him a fit associate. The presence of
slavery does not necessarily degrade any portion
of the white population; and the honorable gentle-
men, when he becomes more familiar with the
moral and social condition of the people of the slave
States, will find the very reverse to be the true
condition of things. But while the honorable
gentleman is expending his sympathies upon the
poor slaves, and poor white laborers of the slave
States, let me direct his attention to the condition
of the population in some of the free States. He
will find here a wider and more legitimate field for
the exercise of his benevolent sympathies, and one
which will iepay his philanthropy, if sincere, with
a richer harvest of fruits. Fortunately [ have at
hand an editorial article from the New Yoik Mir-
ror, which describes a condition of society which
has never yet been witnessed in any of the slave
States, and i pray Heaven never may. If the
gentleman will turn his attention to the ameliora-
tion of the condition of the population in hi3 own
neighborhood, and relieve the sufferings which are
so graphically pictured in this articic, he may then,
with some propriety, interpose his benevolent ser-
vices in behalf of sufferers elsewhere. I read from
the article referred to, which has been kindly sent
me by the editor:
" Much zeal has been exhibited within the past few jears
in behalf of southern slaves. Their condition has; heen
commented upon i>y peisons who iiave obtained their in-
formation through public prints, whose columns aie filled
w\th harrowing descriptions, of the cruelty of slaveholders.
Any one who will traverse the southern States, and wit-
ness, with unprejudiced minds, the condition of tbe blacks,
must come to the conclusion that they are as happy as the
whites. There are instances, no doubt, as there are among
tbe iich, and especially the poor, in the northern States,,
where misery exists; but the masses are joyous, happy, and
contented. They are almost invanabiy well fed and clothed,
and in sickness and old age, they are treated with kindness
and humanity. The conduct of the master to his slave is
controlled by legislative enactment, and public opinion.
(i Now, contrast ttieir fate with the negroes of the North.
In the State of New York, in the exercise of the right of
suffrage, there is'no equality between the two races—the
one being required to possess a property qualification, while
the other is not, The black, annd storm and tempests, is
not allowed to enter the omnibus for shelter. He must
walk, or Sit upon the outside, while ihe white man is com-
fortably seated within. It makes no difference to which sea;
they belong, the rule is inflexible. On raihoads, they oc-
cupy the second-class car, and upon steamboats they are
seated at the ' second table.' But it is piocl.umed that they
are tree. They enjoy a description of treedom, which is as
bad, if not woise, than bondage is described They cannot
but be aware, that they are a proscribed people, destined, for
all time, to peiform menial offices,and to yield the path to
tbe white man.
"And what is the condition of the white paupers who
barely cxtit, under the no-se of our cotemporary ? Look at
the objects of pity who sweep the crossings ol the streets,
unprotected from the driving btorm, except by a few lags.
How often do our philanthiopic citizens rewaidthe labor
which enables them to pass over without soiling their opera
boot*-? Instead ol bring commended tor their tfioits to
earn a (ew pennies, they are denounced by a tunetionary of
thr city, as hardened in cum-, and debased by vice. The
condition ol the mo-t unhappy slave cannot he worse, even
m the eyes of moralist?. Look at the^becgars who throng
our streets, who, for the pin po e of exciting pity, expose the.
tender forms ol infants to the blasts of winter, or bandage
them so tightly as to produce the appearance ol approaching
di-snlutiori. How often do our wealthy and philanthropic
millionaires, who sweep haughtily past, aire&t their steps
for the purpose of relieving the suffeiers from the horrors of
starvation ? Again, visit the haunts of poverty and vice,
which can be lou.id within the most wealthy city in the
Union, and witness the hollow cheeks, and thefonnsat-
j tenuated by hunger and disease, and then prate, if even
yom hypocritical consciences will permit you, upon the con-
duct ot your southern brethren, and with reckless determi-
nation advocate a dissolution of tins glorious Union, provi-
ded your partisan animosities cannot be giatified. Away
with a'! such reformers.
" But we are told that families are separated at the South,
and Hie memhets -old to ditiv.iuit puichaseis. The anguish
which may result fioni such a coutse, cannot be more de-
plorable than the funis ol poveity, which are made the sub-
jects of reports by the Chief ol Poltcc. What induces
the child to sell us virtue, or what morality could piompt
the purchaser to buy it? Why will the m ihei barter the
future peace of her daughter lo gold ? Why will she sub-
mit the foi m of herinlantto absolute torture ? Tbe answer
I*;, to obtain btcad. How, then, is it possible for the late ot
the most unloitumite slave to benioie ternble than that of
hundreds ot poveity-*tncken, depiaved, and wretched pel-
sons in our veiy undsl ? We are, to a certain d'giee, ie-
fponsible for the prevalence, of suffering and ciime whieh
stalks abroad, and it should be lemedied before we sutler
our consciences to afflict us on account ol the dereliction ol
others. Chanty begins at home, and should be attended to
first, oi our motives will be called m question."
Mr. S. having concluded, the floor was given
to—
Mr. FOWLER, who addressel the committee
during the hour, in remarks which will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. GORMAN then obtained the floor, but
yielded to amotion that the committee me.
On this motion no quorum voted.
After some conversation, the roll was called, (as
required by the rule,) and a quorum appeared to be
present.
The CHAIRMAN then rose, and the names of
the absentees were leported to the House.
Some conveisation followed.
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee, asked if it
would be in order to move that the House ad-
journ ?
The SPEAKER. In order that the motive of
the Speaker, in declining to recognize any gentle-
man in this particular state of things, may not
be misunderstood, the Chair will state, that when,
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, the roll has been called, and a report has
been made to the Iiouae,nnd when, upon that re-
port, it is found that a quorum is present, the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union must resume his seat without a mo-
tion. The Speaker, therefore, cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton.]
The Chairman then resumed his seat in com-
mittee.
The question recurred, and was taken on the
motion that the committee rise, and by ayes 66,
noes 54, was decided in the affirmative.
So the committee rose and reported.
A motion was made that the House adjourn,
but was withdrawn at the request of
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, who said that
the gentleman from New York, near him, [Mr.
Brooks,] desired to present a resolution, which
he (Mr. S.) thought should be passed by unani-
mous consent.
THE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. BROOKS offered the following resolution,
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety or expediency of reg-
ulating the transmission of intelligence by telegiaph through
out the United States, and, it 'they deem it expedient, to
bring Hi a bill accordingly.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. BROOKS moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce it.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
By Mr. BROWN,of Mississippi: A bill to repeal a part of
the 6tb section of the act approved September 15th, 17fe9, en-
titled "An act to pio*Hie lor lite ^afe-keeping of the acts,
recoids, and seal of the United States?, and lor other pur-
poses."
Mr. WATKINS: A bill for the relief of certain Ten-
nessee volunteeis.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following memorials, petitions, &c., were
presented ujjider the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees :
By Mr.vBUTLER, of Connecticut: The memorial of
John Catiin and otheis, prajinga reduction of postage.
Also, the niemori.il of Kev. Jason Alwatei and others,
praying a reduction of postage. «
Also, the memorial oi W. Ji. Rice and others, piaying a
reduction of postage.
By Mi. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition Irom John Skinner
and 68othei citizens ol Columbiana, Ohio, for a mail-route
I'lom Canton. Ohio, to Darlington, Pennsylvania.
By Mi. PUTNAM: The joint resolutions of the New
York Legislative, lelating to tbe slave trade in the District
ot Columbia; to the prohibition ot slavery in the terutoiies;
agiun-t the extension ol Texas over any part ot Mexit o ; lor
the admission ol California as a State into the Union, and
lor tbe preservation ot the Union.
Also, a resolution lor establishing a mint in the city of
New York.
Also, a resolution for appropriations for the conduction
of harbors, and the improvement ol the navigation of
rivets. *
Also, a resolution desiring an inquiry in ielation to the
act ol Congress commonly known as the act extending
Woodworth's planing machine.
Also, tbe petition oi S. M. Gates and 36 other legal voters
of Warsaw, New York, against the admissOin ol any Statel
unless its constitution shall expicssly prohibit slaver).
Also, iIih petition ot J. H. Dai ling and 5b other kgal
voters of Warsaw, New York, (or the same object.
Also, the petition of J. H. Darling and 58othcis, of War-
saw, New York, piaying the prohibition ot slaveiy and ths
slave ti ado in all tho tciiitoiios belonging to the Union.
Also the pennon of R. Gould and 35 othcis, ot Warsaw,
New York, lor the same object.
Also, the petition of J. H. Darling and 56 others, of War-
saw, New York, for the repeal ot all laws of Congie&s,
which sanction slaveiy ot the slave trade, in the District of
Columbia.
Also, the petition of A. Frank, jr. and 33 others, of War-
saw, New York, lor tbe repeal of all laws by \vln< b slavery
or the slave tiade is authorized in the Distnct ol Columbia,
or tor the removal ot the Capitol to atiee State.
Al-o, the petition of J. H. Darling and 58 other*, of War-
saw, New Yoik, piaying that persons claimed aa fugitive
slaves may have seemed to them the trial by jury.
Also, tiie p  tihon ot A. Frank ami 3G outer*, ot Waisaw,
New Yoik, for the like object
By Mi. McLANAU-\N: The memorial, signed by the
memheis of the Senate ot Pennsylva la, praying Congress
to pi,ice tho seamen serving in the war wuh Mexico, upon
an equality with a portion of then crews, marine-and labor-
ers, to whom CongK bs has giv  n rewards for then services,
and to pass tuch laws as may be just and equitable in the
premises.
By Mr. FEATHER3T0N: The petition of Col. Wilcox,
and otheis, volunteer off,cers in the 1 te war with Mexico,
asking Congress to pa^s a law. granting b.mnty land to tbe
ofheers as well as soldiers in tht: late Mexican vvai.
Bv Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The petition of George
Shedd, and 25 otheis, citizens of Denmark, Iowa, piaviug
for an appropriation for the lemoval of ob-tiuciions at* the
Des Momes and Rock liver Rapids, in the Mississippi Ki\er.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
citizens of Elk i ounfy, Peiui-vlvania, for a mail-route from
Caledonia, via Rein gir, to Se. ond Fork, in said county.
By Mr. FULLER: The petition ot Charles II. Johnson
and 200 other-, piaying Congress to establish a po-t road
from Fort Fair/ield to Fort Kent, on the St. John's river, m
the northern pait of the county of Aroostook, State of
Maine.
By Mi. GOULD • The petition of O. S. Penfield and 28
other-, tor two-cent postage on prepaid Ictteis of half an
ounce, and free papers for thirty miles from the office of
publication
Aho, concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of New York instructing inquiry in relation to tiie act to
extepd the patent granted to William Woodworth, com-
monly known a* Woodworth's planing machine.
By Mr. ALBEHTSON : The petition of William Pen-
nington and -16 other citizens of Harrison county, Indiana,
praying Congress to pass a law granting bounty land to the
officers and soldiets of the Indian wars, aad of the late war
