1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
the words proposed to be stricken out, by striking
out the words,44 route by which the mails are trans-
ported,"and to insert the "usually traveled route."
Mr. S, said: He presumed the object of the com-
mittee in reporting this provision of the bill inregard,
to mileage, was to remedy the inequalities which are
supposed to exist in the mode by which it is now cal-
culated. In his judgment,the mode reported by the
committee does not accomplish the end for which it
is designed, and will work quiteas much inequality
among members, and do quite as much injustice
both to members and the Government, as the ex-
isting arrangement. The amendment he proposed,
simply permits the law on the subject of.mileage
to remain as it did at the commencement of the
present session. Under the law as it then stood,
members of Congress received no more than they
fairly earned, and not enough to compensate them
for the sacrifices they make in the destruction of
their business and the interruption of their family
relations. To illustrate some of the inequalities
which will exist if the provision of the bill should
be adopted, and the injustice which will be done
to the Government, if the present mode of compu-
ting mileage should be altered, take, for instance,
the case of the Virginia member who resides at
Norfolk, and other facts which 1 shall refer to.
The usually traveled route from Norfolk to the
Capitol is almost in a direct 1 ine up the Chesapeake
bay and the Potomac river. There is no mail
upon that route, although fine large steamers run
regularly between the places. If ihat member is
required to compute his mileage by the mail route,
it will necessarily be increased to a greater amount
than he now receives. There are two mul routes
to Norfolk, one via Baltimore down the river and
bay, and the other down the Potomac to the rail-
road via Richmond. By either of these routes he
would receive pay for about forty or fifty miles
more travel han he actually performed, and more
than he gets pay for under the present system.
The bill as reported does not provide by which
mail route the member shall be paid—by the
nearest and most direct, or by that which is
longest. He may, therefore, choose either, as his
sense of propriety may dictate.
There are mail routes upon the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers, but there is no point of any im-
portance upon either of said rivers, from and to
which there is not a land mail route leading to the
Capitol, and by which it is not nearer than by the
river route. Will you permit members, by means
of this provision of the bill, to choose by which
of these routes they shall be paid? If you do,
there will be quite as much inequality among the
amounts paid to the members respectively as there
is now. For instance, a member residing at St.
Louis, or any other point on the river where a
mail route exists, may deem it right to charge by
the river, while the member in the State opposite,
a little more scrupulous, charges by the land route,
though living quite as far from the Capitol. Now,
sir, the difference between the pay of these two
members will be something considerable, the one
being paid for the sinuosities of the river, and the
other for a route which is less tortuous and more
direct.
There is great difficulty, no doubt, sir, in devis-
ing any plan by which exact equality can be ob-
tained in the system of mileage. The present, as
well as the proposed plan, is liable to objec ion,
but as the " usually-traveled route" is probably
the best of the two, he preferred it, and hoped that
the amendment which he had proposed might be
adopted.
Mr. S. called for tellers on his amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs, McQueen
and Corwin were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote
etood—ayes 40, noes 78.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, offered the following
amendment, which was rejected: Strike out the
words " the route by which the mails are trans-
ported'' and insert *' Bee line
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. McGaughey, and it was
rejected.
'Mr. FEATHERSTON offered the following
amendment:
"And that no member of the House shall receive any
per diem for ft y time that he shall be absent from the sit-
tings of the House, unless detained by sickness, or leave of
absence shall be granted to him by the House."
Mr. FOWLER submitted, as a point of order,
that an amendment of a similar import had here-
tofore been voted upon.
The CHAIR overruled thfe point of order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he should devote
the five minutes to which he was entitled under
the rule, to an explanation of his amendment.
He had offered it in good faith, and hoped sin-
cerely that the House would adopt it. The ob-
ject of the amendment was to reach and remedy
the great abuse connected with this subject. A
practice had grown up among the members of the
House of pairing off with each other, and ab-
senting themselves for days and weeks at a time
from the sittings of this body. Two members of
the House will pair off with each other for two,
four, or six weeks at a time, and return to their
homes to see their families, attend to their profes-
sional and private business; or take a pleasure ex-
cursion to the fashionable watering places. Their
per diem is not stopped in the mean time, but runs
regularly on, as if they were here in their seats.
It is, Mr. Chairman, to abolish this practice,
that I offer mv amendment. If it, is not to be
abolished, I wish the country to know that it ex-
ists. Abolish it, and the legislation of this House
will not be so often impeded and stopped for want
of a quorum present. The business of the coun-
try will be disposed of with more dispatch, with
more justice; and our sessions will be less pro-
tracted. Now, sir, gentlemen who reside near
this Capitol, and who can conveniently go home
to attend to their private business, are in the habit
of pairing off more frequently than those who live
at a great distance. It is those, too, who live
near the Capitol, and go to their homes frequently
to manage their private affairs, who are most elo-
quent at every session of Congress in discussing
the subject of mileage, and always, I believe, ad-
vocating its reduction. Now, sir, I have but a
word to say on this subject of mileage, which at
every session of Congress is discussed for several
days, but has stood, as it does, without any altera-
tion or change for more than thirty years. The
law now in force (passed, I believe, in 1811)
provides that the distance from the seat of Gov-
ernment to the residence of each member shall be
estimated by the usually-traveled route or road
between the two places. I do not believe that the
mileage to which any member of this House may
now be entitled under this law, is too much, or
that the "per diem" and mileage to which the
members are now entitled is more than they should
receive. I am, therefore, willing to sustain the law
now in force, or to amend it, as some gentlemen
wish, by estimating the distance from this Capitol
to the residence of the members by the most direct
mail route, or by a direct line. I am indifferent
upon this point, and will willingly acquiesce in
either provision.
The difference in the mileage of any member
will be a small matter when estimated in either
way. This question of mileage is one with which
the members of the House have nothing to do,
except to amend the law. The whole matter is
referred at every session of Congress, by the rules-
of the House, to a committee on mileage. They
estimate distances and determine to what amount
each memberj is entitled. The members have
nothing to do with it individually. It is the duty
of this committee on mileage to report all abuses
of the law as it now exists, as well as all amend-
ments of the law that may be necessary or proper.
This duty, i h^ve no doubt, they will faithfully
discharge.
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting: half per diem.
Mr. C. expressed himself in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. FEATHERSTON (Mr. C. yielding the
floor) modified his amendment by including mem-
bers of the Senate as well as of the House.
Mr. CARTTER considered the practice of
members absenting themselves for purposes of
pleasure or recreation, as one not contemplated or
tolerated by their constituents, by the law under
which they were elected, or by the purposes for
which Congress assembled. The amendment of
the gentleman from Mississippi was calculated to
cure this enormous evil. It would also remedy
another evil—that of members vacating their seats
in order to visit their districts to canvass for reelec-
tion. The evil as it now existed called for a remedy
and ought to be met*
After some conversation on a point of order—•
Mr. VINTON, briefly opposing the amendment
of Mr. Featherstok, on the ground that, under
the existing laws of the Hou*>e, no member had
the right to absent himself without leave, appealed
urgently to the committee to proceed with the bill,
and not to lose any more time on this particular
item. The Senate would certainly disagree to any
amendment on this subject, and he submitted to
gentlemen whether time enough had not already
been expended upon it  and whether, from regard
to the public business and the state of the country,
it would not be better to let all these propositions
of amendment go by, and pass to other matters.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cartter to ihe amendment of Mr. Feath-
erston, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Feathers-ton, and bring taken, it was de-
cided in the negative—ayes 57, noes 66.
So the amendment was rejected.
The following section being under consideration:
"For stationery, fuel, printing,am] all other contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives, SI97,749."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to amend
it, by adding thereto the following:
" Provided, That the members of the present House, of
Rppresfntativf-s shall be allowed $45 for stationery for the
first, and $35 for the second session.
Alluding to the fixed allowance for stationery,
($30 for a long session,) he ventured to say that
there was scarcely a single member whose at-
lowance was not exhausted. His own was, and
he heard many gentlemen around him saying
that theirs were. He had this morning on his
table fifteen letters, and how many more at his
room he did not know. He was now obliged to
buy stationery out of his own private means to
carry on his correspondence relative to public
business.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, expressed
his approval of the object of the gentleman; but
suggested, that this bill was not the proper one
upon which to ingraft the provision, and that it
would more properly be done by lesolution of the
House. He maintained that the House should
admmister their own contingent fund upon their
own responsibility, as the" Senate did theirs. If
the House were calied to pass upon the contin-
gent expenses of the other branch, certainly very
many items would be found to which he should
object.
Mr. JOHNSON preferred to adhere to his
amendment; and some conversation followed be-
tween the two gentlemen.
Mr. BAYLY (for the purpose of making a
remark) moved to amend the amendment of Mr.
Johnson, by reducing the amount to $9.
He said he would suggest to his friend from
Arkansas 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and stated that
the question was now on the gentleman's amend-
ment to the amendment, and the rule required the
| gentleman to confine his remarks to the amend-
I ment to the amendment.
[ Mr. BAYLY said, he was speaking against the
! amendment, because he did not think this a proper
! plare for its insertion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must show
why the amount should be $9 instead of $10. [A
faugh.]
Mr. BAYLY said he would modify his amend-
ment, then, to fix the sum one cent. He stated
that the appropriation for the pay of members
being out, the Committee of Ways and Means
would have very shortly to report a bill for that
purpose. The gentleman from Arkansas could
then offer his amendment, and it would be appro-
priate.
The amendment of Mr. Bayly to the amend-
ment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas,
was agreed to—ayes 76, noes 41.
The following item being under consideration—
" For the purchase of law books for the Library of Con-
gress, $£.000.
Mr. HOLMES moved the following amend-
ment, viz:
"For cairyinginto effect the international exchanges of
books authorized by the act ot the 30Ji June, 1848, entitled
' An act to i emulate the exchanges of certain documents and
other publi- auons ot Congress.'
Mr. H. remarked, that the law of 3848 au-
thorized the Committee on the Library to em-
ploy an agent to make interchanges with foreign
