1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 17,
nations of fare and valuable publications. The
expenses of this #gertt, together with the cost of
transporting the books, and in some cases of bind-
ing ftnd putting them in a condition for-preserva-
 ion, had -been estimated at $2,000; and the act of
1848 appropriated that sum. The agent was now
here, and he had brought with him a very splendid
set of books from France, a present to this coun-
try. The two thousand dollars originally appro-
priated had been exhausted, and it was necessary
that there should b® a new appropriation made.
Mr. H. caused to be read the law providing for
the exchange of documents. ■
Mr THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (in opposi-
tion to the amendment) said, the act read con-
tained an appropriation to carry out its object;
which having been made, the law was dead. This
amendment proposed, in effect, to renew the act.
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
Holmes and Thompson.
Mr. THOMPSON made the point that the
amendment was out of order on the ground he
had indicated—i. e. that there was no law in exist-
ence authorizing the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN, after causing to be read the
law, the amendment, and the rule of the House,
overruled the point of order.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Holmes—
Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts, said, he would
move to increase the sum to $2,500, for the pur-
pose of saying 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said, accord-
ding to the Chair's construction of the rule, the
gentleman from Massachusetts must confine him-
self closely to the amendment to the amendment,
to show why the sum should be $2,500 instead of
#9,000.
Mr. MANN said: This is an appropriation for
carrying on a great international enterprise. It
does not apply to this country alone, but to all
civilized countries. For this purpose, Congress,
several years ago, authorized the Library Com-
mittee to create an agency. That committee had
executed their commission. They had appointed
an agent, and that agent had been engaged intheir
service; or rather in the service of Congress, for
yenia. He had collected most valuable works.
He had also distributed from this country to dif-
ferent parts of Europe, other valuable works.
Everybody knows that governments, in printing
documents or state papers, usually print extra
copies. Literary and scientific societies do the
same. The object of this international exchange is
to take surplus copies, from places where they are
substantially valueless, and transfer them to places
where they are valuable. The agency is not re-
stricted to books alone. It embraces maps,
charts, coins, medals, and works of art.
Mr. Vattemare has obtained a world-wide rep-
utation for originating this beneficent enterpiise.
tie has obtained from the Governments and libra-
ries and societies and from generous individuals of
Europe, works which would have cost immense
sums of money, and works also which could
never have been purchased with money. These
he has distributed to the Congressional Library,
to the State Libraries, College Libraries, &c.
Mr. M. wished that members of Congress
would look into committee room No. 47, and ex-
amine some of the works which Mr. Vattemare
had recently imported, to be presented to Con-
gress. Among these was the scientific explora-
tion of Algiers, the price of a single copy of which
is one thousand dollars. There, too, may be seen
the principal part of the great map of France,
which, when completed, will consist of two hun-
dred and sixty-eight sheets—a Work the value of
which cannot be estimated in dollars and cents.
But Mr. Vattemare is not doing this for Congress
alone, but for ihe several States. He has already
made arrangements with more than half the States
of this Union to carry on the same work in their
behalf. The bookstore price of the works which
he has delivered to one State is estimated at forty
thousand dollars.
Now it is objected that one appropriation has
been made, and, therefore, that the law is exe-
cuted. This is an erroneous construction of the
law. It will be seen at once, that such a work as
an international exchange cannot be completed in,
a year. It can hardly be set well on its way in
that short period. It is a work which will become
more valuable the longer it is continued. Of what
unspeakable value will it be to an American citi-
zen in Paris, or in some other of the principal
cities of Europe, to be able to find a library of
American documentary or scientific books, to
which, otherwise, he could not have access bat by
crossing the Atlantic. So, too, of Europeans
when they visit this country.
In the city of Paris, at the Hotel de Ville, there
is an apartment set apart for the very purpose of
being the depository of American books, and no
little progtjessjias been made in filling it.
Mr. M. thought there could be no more civ-
ilizing and improving relations established be-
tween nations, than those which are contemplated
by this appropriation, and he therefore hoped it
would be made.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (in opposi-
tion,) said he had no objection to making any rea-
sonable appropriation for books, but he did object
to appropriating for the payment of an officer
(who he understood was appointed) to go through
Europe to purchase them, when we could procure
them through some agent of the Government with"
little or bo expense.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Holmes—tellers (Messrs. Gould and Rich-
ardson,) were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 72, noes 35.
No quorum voting.
The roll was then called.
And the CHAIRMAN rose and reported the
facts to the House, &c.
A quorum being again present,
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in commit-
tee.
The question recurred on the amendment, (and
a count not being insisted on,) the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK (for the benefit, he said, of the
new members,) offered the following amendment:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to furnish to the members of that House of the present Con-
gress, who have not already received them, such boc ks as
wore furnished to the Representatives of the 28tli, 29th and
30th Congresses, ,**27,000: Provided, That ihis shall not be
construed to authorize the reprinting of any book."
Mr. JONES submitted to the Chair, whether
the amendment was in order?
The CHAIR. Can the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] inform the Chair whether
there is any existing law authorizing this appro-
priation ?
Mr. JONES. I think I can say there is no law
authorizing this appropriation.
Mr. SCHENCK. The common law. [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIR ruled the amendmentout of order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
McCLERNAND, SCHENCK and VINTON.
Tellers were ordered on the appeal, (Messrs.
Haralson, and Evans of Ohio.)
And the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
was taken, and the vote stood ayes 30, noes 79.
No quorum voting.
The roll was again called.
The committee rose and reported the names of
the absentees, to be entered upon the Journal.
A quorum being in attendance—
The committee resumed its session.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported ayes 39, noes'85. t
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment of Mr. Schenck was declared to
be in order.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved an amendment to
the amendment, (which was accepted by Mr.
Schenck,) as follows, viz:
" Including, to all members of the present House, the in-
dex to the eight volumes of Statutes already published, and
the ninth volume."
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment,
by substituting therefor the following:
" To enable the Clerk of this House to pay to each of the
new members of the same £600, m lieu of the books fur-
nished to the members of the last and former Congresses,
the sum ot #75,000. . '
Mr. JONES said that he had no doubt this ap-
propriation would be adopted. And if members
would reflect for a moment, particularly the old
members who were already supplied with these
books, they would be satisfied that it would be as
well for the Government, and better for the mem-
bers themselves, that they should receive the
amount in money instead of books. We shall
thus give the new members what the Government
will have to pay to the booksellers for the purpose
of carrying out this distribution, and the members
can go to the booksellers and get such books ao
they may desire; they will thus get books on
which they will set a higher value than on those
which this amendment proposes to distribute.
The appropriation made for these books in the
twenty-ninth Congress was $72,200. He was not
able to say what was the exact amount of the cost
of these books to the Government. He estimated
it to be about $600 for each member. The appto-
priation in the twenty-ninth Congress, as he had
stated, was $72,200. There are many more new
members in this than there were in the twenty-
ninth Congress. He supposed it would take at
least $75,000 to buy the books which would be re-
quired to supply all the new members. It would
be a great deal better for members to have this dis-
tribution in money than in books, and it would be
no worse for the Government. He hoped the
amendment would be adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND made the point that the
amendment was not m order, on the ground that
it was not germane, and that it was wholly un-
authorized by any existing law.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed, but (at there-
quest of several gentlemen) withdrew the appeal.
The amendment of Mr. Jones to the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck,
Mr. VINTON made to amend the amendment,
so as to confine the distribution to such books as
may be in the possession of the Government.
Mr. VINTON made some remarks which were al-
most entirely inaudible, in consequence of the great
noise which prevailed throughout the House. He
referred to the shameful abuse which had heretofore
been practiced, of selling the books thus furnished
by the Government, at reduced prices, to book-
mongers, by whom they are sold back at a great
advance. Books had been thus obtained from
members by book-dealers, at perhaps a hundred
dollars, which had been sold back to the Govern-
ment for as much as $500 or $600. He admitted
that there were works of value, which ought to be
distributed among the public institutions of the
country, to be preserved in their libraries for pub-
lic use. But he thought a sufficient number of
these works might be on hand for that purpose,
without repurchasing from these book-mongers.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if the gentleman
from Ohio could state, from his own knowledge,*
that any members of this House had sold the
books given to them to these book-dealers?
Mr. VINTON declined making any accusation
against any individuals.
Mr. McKlSSOCK stated that these books had
been originally distributed among members, in
order that they might be open to public inspection,
and not for the private advantage of the members
themselves; and, so far as he could judge from his
personal knowledge, all the respectable members
who had received these books, had either sent
them to be deposited in the public libraries in
their respective districts, or placed them in their
rooms for public inspection. Ic was not to be
presumed that any member of Congress could
prove so recreant to his duty, or so forgetful of his
station, as to sell these books for the purpose of
private gain. But if such should have been the
case, he thought the best mode of putting an end
to the practice, would be to go on appropriating
these works for distribution, until the stock on
hand was entirely exhausted, or the whole that
might be left had fallen into the hands of honor-
able men, who would apply them to the use for
which they were originally designed.
The question was then taken, and tfce amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding the following proviso:
" Provided, That before said books are delivered to the
members entitled to receive them, the Clerk of the House
of Representatives shall cause each copy to be marked or
stamped m some ineffaceable manner on the cover and
title page, with tiie name of the member receiving them."
Mr. GIDDINGS said, he was in favor of the
