502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
latuve of Texas, which has now adjourned, mis-
represented the action of the legislature with re-
gard to the titles of property and the assignment
of lands, and by that means misled some other
individuals. But shortly after this movement was
made upon the Rio Grande, to dispute the title of
Texas—and by individuals who had taken no part
ijfthe cause of Texas, and who had never gone
thereuntil recently, until the whole matter was
settled—as soon as this movement was heard of,
the people of the Rio Grande—the citizens of Tex-
as, the bone and sinew of the country—met there
in a very large mass meeting, and repudiated the
action of those individuals. I impute no blame
to the presentation of these petitions, but I think
it in due to the question, with regard to the title of
Texas, to make this explanation.
Mr. CLAY. I know very little upon the sub-
ject. Indeed, until I received the letter accompa-
nying the petition from a person with whom I am
not at all acquainted, I had no information what-
ever that there was any dissatisfaction prevailing
in that portion of our country. This letter 13
signed, as I suppose, by an American. The pe-
tition itself is in both the English and Spanish lan-
guages, and is signed indiscriminately, I should
judge from the signatures, by Americans and
Spaniards. However, sir, without expressingany
opinion at all about the object of the petition, or
the motives of the signers, I beg leave to present
it and to ask that it be referred to the same com-
mittee to which the other was referred, if it was
referred at all.
The petition was then received and referred to
the Committee on Terinories.
M*. RUSK moved the printing of the petition,
together with the signatures to it, which question,
under the rules, went to the Committee on Print-
ing,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa,
Otdered, That iIjr ru&oJuuon of tliu Lo i*lature of Iowa,
oil the files of Ihe Senate, in favn  of a giant of land for the
construction of a lovt-e on Muscatine Inland, in that S5tfUtf 
*be referred to liie Committee on Fublu- Lands.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD.
Ordered, That the petition of G W. and P. E. Norton, on
the tiles or the Semite, be reiened to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred House bill for
the relief of .Teyse Sutton, reported back the same
without amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was leferred the bill granting to
the State of Missouri the light of way and a do-
nation of the public lands for making a railroad
from the town of Hannibal to the town of St.
JoM-ph, in said State, reported back the same
without amendm* nt,and recommended its passage.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee oh Private
Land Claims, to which was leferred House bill
for the relief of Richard H. Barrett, reported back
the same without amendment, and recommended
its passage.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to provide
seals of office for Surveyors-general of the Public
Lands, reported back the same without amend-
ment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial"of Dr. Iiartwell Carver,
asking the confirmation of his title to a tiact of
land around the Palis of St. Anthony, on the Mis-
sissippi river, purchased by his grandfather before
the levolutionary war, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it lie on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
  Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he directed to
inform the Senate whether any rejxut on meteorology haa
been made to the depaitment over which he pres-ides, by
PioAssor Espy; and if so, to transmit the report to the
Senate.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post-Office and Post
Ro;utd be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail-route from De Witt, in Clinton county, Michi-
gan, through the towns of Riley and Westphalia, to Maple,
in Ionia county.
Mr. BELL submitted the following, which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for removing the obstructions to navigation in the lennessee
river.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on Pensions he instructed
to inquirennto the expediency of granting a pension to Da-
vid Linn, a soldier in the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library beinstructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for the removal
of the public green-house from its present site, to some more
suitable location on the public grounds.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, transmitted
to the Senate with the annual message of the President, be
printed for the use of said Land-Office.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FELCH gave notice, that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend an act, for the
discontinuance of the office of Surveyor-general
in the several districts, so soon as the surveys
thereon can be completed; for abolishing land-
offices, under certain circumstances, and for other
purposes, approved 12th June, 1840.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate, to introduce a
bill to grant to the city of Builmgton, in Iowa
the land heretofore reserved between that city and
the Mississippi river; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and rcferied to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved that the
census bill be made the special order of the day
for Wednesday next at one o'clock. That motion
he believed steered clear of all other pending busi-
ness, and to wait longer for an opportunity to dis-
pose of this bill, at the close of the debate now
going on in the Senate, would be about as wise as
it was for the countryman to sit down on the
bank until the river should run dry.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAV3S again lose, at a subsequent period
of the day, and said it had been suggested to
him by several Senators, that to make that bill
the special order of the day for "Wednesday next
at one o'clock, would not answer the object he had
in view. His object was to supersede nil other
special orders, and to have that bill absolutely
taken up unless the Senate at that time should oth-
ei wise determine. Jf it would not supersede all
other special orders, he would now move that it be
made the special order for Wednesday next, at
half-past 12 o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT suggested that it
would be necessary to reconsider the vote pre-
viously taken, by which that bill was made the
special order for Wednesday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider that vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS expressed the hope, that the
Senator from Massachusetts would not press his
motion, and that he would name Thursday instead
of Wednesday. He was desirous of addressing
the Senate on Wednesday, and he trusted he might
be permitted to do so.
Mr. MANGUM said, the preoccupying of
days for a fortnight in advance was extremely
objectionable. At least one or two days of the
present week should be devoted to business, which
was accumulating upon the table
Mr. DAVIS withdrew his motion to reconsider,
and here the conversation dropped.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. BORLAND reminded the Senate, that some
weeks ago he offered a resolution, which now lies
upon the table, and upon which he desired to have
early action. He had foi borne to press it hitherto,
because there were so many things that claimed
the attention of the Senate; but he now gave no-
tice, that he intended to call it up. lie said there
were several days already preoccupied; but at
present, he saw nothing to prevent its considera-
tion on Friday, and therefore, on that day, he
would ask the Senate to take it up and consider it.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, namely, the President's message
transmitting the constitution of the State of Cali-
fornia.
The TIGE PRESIDENT announced that, on
this subject, the gentleman from Illinois was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS rose, and again explained the
circumstances under which the Senator from New
York yielded to him last week, and the causes
which had operated to prevent the accomplish-
ment of his desire to address the Senate. He now
thought it was due to the Senator from New York,
who was prepared to proceed, that he should sur-
render to him the floor, and he would take his
chance to obtain it again for Wednesday next.
Mr. SEWARD then proceeded to address the
Senate, and in the expression of his views, he oc-
cupied upward of three hours. [A report of his
speech, and of some remarks by Mr. Foote, in
explanation, will lie found m the Appendix.]
Mr. DOUGLAS obtained the floor.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the honorable member
from Illinois yield me the floor for a single mo-
ment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. Every citizen of the com-
munity, Mr. President, may not have in his pos-
session a copy of the law. 1 wish,.therefore, to
read that section that has been commented on
here, of the joint resolution for the admission of
Texas, and, having done that, I £hall add no re-
marks of my own, for as I owe my privilege of
addressing you now, to the kindness of the honor-
able member from Illinois, 1 will detain the Senate
from listening to him but a single moment.
1 merely wish this provision, that is contained
in the ]0int resolution for admitting Texas, to he
clearly stated,and to be accurately reported, if the
reporters shall be able to hear me read it:
"And such States as may be formed out of that portion of
said territory, lying south oi thirty-six degrees and thirty
minutes of north latitude, comnionlj ki.own ae the Missouri
compromise line, shall bp aitimUcd nilo the Onion with or
without slavery, as the people of each State asking admis-
sion may desire"—
No consent of Congress, in that respect, being
necessary.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me a single moment? I propose to take an
opportunity hereafter, to express my views in re-
gard to this subject; and I regret to say, that I
shall be compelled to differ, in some particulars,
from the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts. And I now wish, with great respect, to
propose to him a question. I understood him to
place the obligation of this Government to receive
four new States into the Union, to be formed from
the territory of Texas, on the ground, that it was
a compact that had been foimed with Texas- The
question that J wish to propose, with great defer-
ence and respect, is this, and I should be glad if
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts would
give an answer to it,as a lawyer. Does he believe
that it was competent, for the two Houses of Con-
gress, by joint resolution, to enter into a compact
with a foreign nation? Would such a compact
be binding ? Would it not be unconstitutional and
void—a usurpation of the treaty-making power,
which is vested by the Constitution in the Presi-
dent and two-thirds of this body ?
Mr. WEBSTER. My answer is, not at all.
The Constitution has given to Congress the power
to admit new Slates without limitation. This
power extends to foreign States, as it was intended
then to apply to Canada; and there is nothing in
that law in any degree repugnant to any part of
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HAL*- . I am answered fully, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to address the Sen-
ate at an early day, and, as I believe that the floor
is assigned for to-morrow, I move that this sub-
ject be postponed until Wednesday next, and
made the special order for one o'clock on that day.
Mr. HALE. What is the subject?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the Message
of the President in relation to California.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire simply to correct a
misstatement of fact that was made by the hono-
rable Senator from New York, in relation to a
