1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
distribution of these works, because it was the
only source from which the people could obtain
the valuable information to be found there. He
did not think that there were many members of
the House who would dispose of these books to
the dealers in the way which had been alluded to.
But if there were any, the amendment he had
proposed would put an effectual check on this
abuse, and the books would be taken where they
would be accessible to the constituents of gentle-
men.
The question was then put, and the amendment
Jp the amendment was agreed to*. *
Mr. THURSTON asked if it was in order for
him to propound an inquiry to the Chair?
The CHAIR asked as to the character of the
inquiry.
Mr. THURSTON said, he wished to ask
whether the Delegates from Territories were in-
cluded among those who were to be entitled to
these books under the amendment ? If they were
not, and he was in order in doing so, he would
like to submit an amendment to include them.
Mr. JONES moved to insert the words " and
Delegates from Territories,,1 so as to meet the
object of the Delegate from Oregon.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would accept the
amendment.
Mr. JONES declined to yield the floor, as he
wished to say a word or two. The amount ap-
propriated in the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio would not be sufficient to pay for all
these books. That was all he wished to say.
The question was then taken on theamendment
of Mr. Jones, and was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES then moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $27,000 and inserting $80,000.
He stated that the appropriation made for this ob-
ject in the twenty-eighth Congress was §87,755;
the appropriation in the twenty-ninth Congress
was $72,205 27; and the appropriation in the
thirtieth Congress was $79,893 50. The present
Congress contained a greater proportion of new
members than either of those Congresses. And
he was sure that it would take every dollar of
§80,000 to supply the books which would be re-
quired by the amendment just adopted. As the
Wouse had determined to make the distribution,
it would certainly be the most proper course to
appropriate a sufficient sum at once, and not to
leave the matter open for new appropriations here-
after. He was confident that the members could
not be supplied for a less sum than $80,000.
It was ordered that the question on the amend-
ment to the amendment be taken by tellers; and
;Mr. Fowler and Mr. Jones, were appointed by
the Chair to act as tellers.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes 83,
noes 3S.
The question then being on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck, as amended, it was read, as follows:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
furnish toihe Members and Delegates ot the House of the
present Congress, who have not already received them, such
books as were furnished to the Representatives of the 28th,
29th, and 30th Congresses, including all the members of the
present House, the index to the eight volumes of Statutes
already published, and the ninth volume, eighty thousand
dollars: Provided, That this shall not be construed to au-
thorize the reprinting of any books: Provided, further, That
before said books* are delivered to the members entitled to
receivc them, the Cleik shall cause each copy to be m.uked
or stamped, in some ineffaceable manner, on the cover and
title-page, with the name ot the member receiving them."
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the amendment
by adding—
i( Jlnd provided, further, That no distribution of the
Americ.tn State Papers shall be made by virtue of this
clause.1'
Mr. P. said he desired to present some facts
to the consideration of the committee in rela-
tion to the probable distribution of the American
Slate Papers. He knew that this work had not
been distributed among the new membeis for several
years past. A report made by a clerk of this House
hail shown the fact that there were only fifteen hun-
dred copies of this work printed. He held in his
hand a statement, from which it appeared that of
these, one thousand two hundred and seventy-two
hnd been distributed among members of this House,
while those transmitted to Presidents of the United
Slates, Heads of Departments, Judges, Colleges,
&c., amounted to two hundred and eighty-'eight,
making a total of one thousand five hundred and
sixty, while it was known that only fifteen hun-
dred copies were printed. The amount distributed
exceeded, therefore, the number printed. He could
not say how many had been distributed by the
Senate. These facts he gathered from a report
made by the Clerk of this House. He was, there-
fore, opposed to the further distribution of these
works. It was said that they were necessary for
the use of the public, in order that members
might have them for the purpose of depositing them
in the public libraries. The only effect of the dis-
tribution, in his judgment, would be to throw
these works into the hands of book-mongers, who
would pick them up from ex-members of Congress,
or the executors or heirs of such as have died. He
had himself been applied to, to learn if he knew of
any of these books which had been the property
of deceased members, and were nowin the market.
They are thus purchased for a mere song—bought,
perhaps, for $100 or $150, and then sold to the
Government for some $500 or §600. Congress was
always charged exorbitantly for them. He had re-
ceived these books, but he had always voted
.against the system. What he had received were
in his own distritct, subject to the inspection of his
constituents. According to the report made by the
Clerk, it would be impossible to supply the num-
ber of the American State Papers which would be
required. He had been told it was a fact that
members had been supplied with sets of Niles's
Register as a sort of substitute.
Mr. SCHENCK explained, that in his original
amendment he had inserted the smaller sum of
$27,000, because he thought that sum would be
sufficient to pay for such books as could be ob-
tained. If there should be a falling off of the sup-
ply, it would be because the stock was exhausted
and the appropriation would not be wanted. If
the books had been sold to book-mongers, it was
certainly a fraud; but as the committee had adopt-
ed an amendment by which all the books hereafter
furnished would be marked, that abuse could no
longer be practiced. He was very sorry to be
compelled to admit that much which had been said
by the gentleman from Missouri, and other gentle-
men, was too true. Like that gentleman, he also
had the books which he had received, within his
reach in his district. He looked on the man who
does not regard these books as given to him as a
trust for the benefit of the public, as little better
than one who would be guilty of larceny. He
had himself been applied to for books; and if he
did not regard the application as a direct insult, he
could not but look upon it as indelicate and im-
proper. He thought that, by the adoption of the
guards which had now been inserted, the prohibi-
tion of the reprinting of the works, and the pro-
visions requiring that they shall be marked before
distribution,all fraudulent practices would hereafter
be prevented. The arguments which had been
advanced on the other side were rather against the
abuses which would now be effectually prevented
hereafter, than against the principle of the distri-
bution itself.
The question being taken upon the amendment
to the amendment, it was, without a division,
negatived.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, proposed the follow-
ing:
" .And provided further, That nopartof this appropriation
shall be used by the Cleik unless he be able to procure a
sufficient number of copies of all of said books to lurmsh
one set to each Member and Delegate entitled thereto, for
$30,000."
Mr. H. said, that the amount already voted by
the committee, $80,000, was enormous; and for
one he would not support it. As it seemed de-
termined on to have the books, he wished to cut
down the expense as much as possible. Individ-
uals had bought them in this city for §,160 per
set—but when sold under resolutions of the House
they had cost some six or seven hundred dollars a
set. He said, the object of his amendment
was to limit this unjustifiable extortion. There
were about one hundred and thirty new members
in the House; estimating a set for each at $200,
it would require §26,000 to make the purchase.
He wished it to be so fixed that no purchase would
be made unless copies enough should be obtained to
supply each member entitled. In other words, it
would be making a lumping proposition to these
book-holders, and'they could accept it or not, as
they pleased. If they did, it would save £50,000; if
they did not, it would save the whole $80,000, and,
in either event, it would cut up by the root this ob-
noxious system. As long as these book operators
expect Congress to buy of them, a member cannot
get a sight of these books, and if he could he
would not be able to purchase a set for less than
six or seven hundred dollars. Reject this whole
scheme, and we can then buy them for &2Q0 a set.
Mr. H. said, he wanted a set for his section of
his district, but he was opposed to getting them in
this manner. Break it up, and he could then pur-
chase for himself.
Mr. HUNTER rose to a point of order. He
raised the question whether this amendment was •
in order, the committee having adopted an amend-
ment appropriating a certain sum for this very
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, inasmuch as it would, in the opinion of the
Chair, be inconsistent with what the committee
had already done.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The question being put " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the Committee?"
it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. HARRIS inquired if it would be in'order
to move his amendment as a substitute?
After some conversation upon this point between
Mr. HARRIS of Illinois, Mr. McCLERNAND,
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, and the chair-
man of the committee—
Mr. HARRIS proceeded to put his amendment
in the proper shape to be moved as a substitute
for the whole clause. It was as follows:
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
furnish and deliver to the Members and ..Delegates of  hat
House, of the present Congress, who have not already re-
ceived them, all such books as have been furnished to the
members of the 28th, 29th, and 30th Congresses, including
all members of the present Hou-e,ihe residue of the 8th
volume of the Statutes already published, and the 9th vol-
ume— §30,000: Provided, T^at this shall riotauthorize the re-
printing <if any ol s>aid books; and the Clerkehulljhelore said
books are delivered io the members entitled to receive them,
cause each copy to be marked or stamped in some inefface-
able nirmnei on the cover and title page with the name, of the
member rccuving the same: Jlnd provided, farther, Thai no
part of this appropriation shall be used, unless the Cleik shall
be able to procure a sufficient number ot copies of al! such
books to furnish one set to each member and Delegate en-
titled thereto."
The CHAIR asked that the proposed substitute
be reduced to writing.
Mr. MEADE moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to and the committee
rose, and the House adjourned.
PETITION, &c.
The following petition and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred'to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Jame«tL. Collins, of New
Mexico, piaying compensation lor losses sustained in the
service of the United States in the late war with Mexico;
and also, compensation for imprisonment by Mexicans,
while acting as the confidential agent of the officer com-
manding the armv in New Mexico.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Captain Lava-
lette, of the United States Navy, asking to have refunded to
him a sum of money paid to an interpreter.
By Mr. REED: The memorial of Benjamin Baldwin,
praying for the abolition of slavery arid the provision by
Congress for the support of the freedmen, "ma suitable
place in the West and in Liberia."
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 19, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. ANDERSON asked leave to introduce the
following resolution; which was read for informa-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for extending the time for the marshals to complete and
make returns of the seventh census of the United States.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, appealed
to the gentleman to give way to enable him to ask
leave to report, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, a bill containing a provision identical with
that which the gentleman had in view.
Mr. ANDERSON yielded.
Mr. THOMPSON asked and obtained leave to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary, with
amendments, Senate bill No. 262, entitled "An
act supplementary to an act providing for the ta-
king of the seventh and subsequent censuses of the
United States; fixing the number of the members
of the House of Representatives, and providing
for their future apportionment among the several
States.1'
