1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
solid, practical information, upon a subject inti-
mately connected with the best interests and pros-
perity of the country, and that, too, at the expense
of the Government, which they maintain and sup-
port. Your farming interests comprise nearly
eighty per cent, of your entire population; and I
ask you,.what do you expend Tor their benefit?
W hat do you do to support and encourage these
interests, besides thi3 yearly pittance for this re-
port? and of this you wish now to deprive them.
Sir, we who represent honest, hard-working farm-
ers, would be recreant to our duty to our constitu-
ents, if we did not resist earnestly the attempt that
„ is now made to cut off from them this mite, which
has always been given grudgingly.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Woodward] objects, that it is a mere compilation,
and contains extracts from agricultural journals—
that he wants a learned and scientific report. Sir,
that it embodies a vast amount of plain, solid,
practical information, is true; and that, in my
judgment, is its chief merit. Send out learned,
scientific disquisitions on the subject of agricul-
tural chemistry, alkalies, and gasscs farmers, and
they will not thank you for them. They would
not give a sous for a bushel of them. They want
something which tells them in a plain, straight-
forward farmer-like way, how they may improve
their farms, and their cattle, and better their con-
dition, and those things these reports contain, and
those, I repeat, are their best features.
The gentleman from Worth Carolina [Mr.Vr.N-
aeie] opposes, the printing of this report, be-
cause, he says, he is in favor of reducing postage,
and these reports will tend to encumber the minis.
I will go as far as that gentleman, or any other upon
this floor, to reduce postage. 1 believe, sir, with
that gentleman, that it is a measure loudly called
for by the people and the press. It is necessary,
sir, in order that intelligence may be circulated
freely and fully throughout the country. I would
make it, if I could, as free as the light of heaven, i
I am, too, sir, for cheap postage on letters, and
for the free circulation of newspapers, within
thirty, forty, or fifty miles of the place wheie
they are published, or within the county, or Con-
gressional district, where they are printed. This
is a measure of reform that 1 much desire to see;
and I am glad to know that we shall have the tal-
ents and influence of the gentleman from North
.Carolina with us on that subject.
But if we adopt one wholesome measure, it
certainly affords no satisfactory reason why we
should abandon another. If' the Post Office De-
partment cannot sustain itself, and bear this addi-
' tional burden, under the proposed reduced rates,
let Government pay for their transmission. It is
the people's money, and if expended for their
benefit, who has the right to complain? I am,
therefore, for printing this report, and printing the
very largest number named-—1 hope, sir, not less
jhan 100,000 of the agricultural report. And for
my vote on that, as well as for the proper distribu-
tion of those I shall receive, I will answer to my
constituents.
1 am aware, sir, that these reports have, perhaps,
not been as perfect as they might, and would have
been, if the interests which they seek to promote,
had been properly cared for by Congress. While
you vote millions for the army and navy, and ex-
pend thousands upon thousands every year lor
a military academy at West Point—make coast-
surveys for the benefit of commerce—mmeralog-
ical surveys, and publish maps and descriptions
0f them—fit out and send forth exploring expe-
ditions—(gentlemen don't feel shocked at all
this) yet, when we come to ask that the Govern-
ment shall'exhibit to this large and most deserving
class of her people, that they are not entirely over-
looked, gentlemen startle at the enormous expense.
Why, sir, it is but a few days since, that the gentle-
man from Maryland introduced a resolution, pro-
viding for the printing of thirty thousand copies
of the report on Commerce, for the benefit of his
constituents, and others, who represent large com-
mercial cities.
1 voted for it—I did not object to it ; yet 1
wish to treat all alike, and all not only fairly, but
liberally; and lor none will I go further than for
the interests of the farmer.
I will o-o with gentlemen for the erection ot an
Agricultural Bureau, to take charge of this great
interest, and believe it to be demanded at our
hands, by every principle of justice and fairness,
as those who contribute most to the support of
Government, and whose occupations and, pur-
suits? form the basis of her wealth, her power,
and her greatness, should have at least one bureau
among ail her departments, to look after, to guaid,
to promote, and to protect their welfare. I hope,
therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the vote will be re-
considered—the number greatly augmented, and
that we shall have them speedily printed, and for
distribution among our constituents.
Mr. C. concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. VENABLEasked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
The question on the motion to reconsider was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative, without
a division.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then recutred on the adoption of
the lesolntion.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
the resolution, which was again rend.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, offered the follow-
ing amendment to the resolution:
And that the same be distributed by the Commissioner of
Patents lo such towns, m hools, libraries, institu-
tions, and mdivirtuah, may lu  designated to him by the
members ot tins Iloube, caeh member designating an erjual
number.
Mr. McLANE said that he was no! going to
say anything further in lelation to the number of
copies. He had never made any objection to the
printing of this document; but before the vote
was taken, he desired to say a word to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Casey.] The
gentleman made some reference (continued Mr.
McL.) to acomnieicial document, punted by my
motion. I have to say to him 'irst, that this docu-
ment was the annual Report of Commerce and
Navigation, the usual motion to print ten thousand
copies of the same, being made by me as the
Chairman of the Committee on Commerce; next,
I would have him observe, that the number, fifty
thousand, which I now propose to print of the
Patent Report, bears a very just relation to the
ratio of our agricultural, as compared with the other
industrial, classes, more immediately connected
with commeice—if indeed any class of popula-
tion is more intimately connected with commerce
than the agyicvllxiral. I repent again that my pur-
pose is not to ofier any obstacle to the publica-
tion of this document; on the contrary, I seek its
publication to a reasonable extent, and its distri-
bution in a certain and responsible shape.
Mr. CASEY, (interposing.) Did not the gen-
tlemen vote for the distribution of twenty-four
copies of the Congressional Globe?
Mr. McLANE. Yes, and I would cheerfully
vote now to publish these proceedings as reported
in the Congressional Globe, and m the daily news-
papers of'this city, that the proceedings of this
House might go to the country with as large a
circulation as the Senate has provided for their
proceedings and debates. Such a publication ol j
our proceedings to the people, would, in my judg-'
ment, serve to bring home to the people a full
knowledge of the "legislation of the country, and
tend to elevate the character and influence of this
House : it would increase its responsibility to
public opinion, and thus increase its usefulness.
Mr. McLANE concluded, by demanding the
previous question.
Some conversation followed on points of order,
in which Messrs. HARRIS of Tenn., WHITE,
DISNEY, RUMSEY, WENTWORTH, and the
SPEAKER participated.
Mr. PECK asked Mr. McLane to withdraw
the resolution. .
Mr. McLANE did not withdraw.
Mr. SCHENCK sent to the Clerk's table the fol-
lowing amendment, which he asked Mr. McLake
to accept as a modification of his amendment:
And that ihe mode ot designating the names of such
schools, towns, persons, &.C., be by the inembeis writing
such names with histrank upon the nufeide wrappers, of a
proper proportion of the copies furnished to hum by the
doorkeeper.
Mr. McLANE did not accept.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was no second.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, briefly addressed
the House in opposition to printing a large number
of the Patent Office Report. He considered the
practice that had grown up within a few years, of
printing such large numbers of this report, a gross
abuse. He alluded to the magnificent eulogies
they had heard upon the agriculture of the country,
and said no one on this floor had spoken against
that great interest. He represented to a great ex-
tent an agricultural community, and he considered
that this report contained as many opinions likely
to impose and deceive, rather than to convey any
real information, as almost any book of the same
size which could be printed. He objected also to
the printing proposed, on account of the documents
loading down the mails, and spoke of its unfavor-
able influence in reference to the abolition of the
franking privilege. He stated the fact, that he had
received only six weeks since, the copies of the
Patent Office Report to which, as a member of the
last Congress, he was entitled, and which had been
ordered to be printed two years ago. That report
(he was understood to say) was made to the
House in 1847, and a considerable portion of it
was composed of estimates as to the probable
amounts of the crops of that year. (Holding a
copy of that report in his hand) he proceeded to
refer to other portions, to show that it was value-
less, and he expressed himself totally opposed to
this whole extravagant system of public printing
from beginning to end, and in favor of a return to
simplicity and economy ill this branch of the
public expenditures.
Mr. WENTWORTH obtained the floor, and
yielded to
Mr. McLANE, who withdrew his amendment,
in order, he said, that the House might determine
the number they chose to print, after which, he
gave nolice of his intention to renew the amend-
ment if he should get ihe floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH said be would express
his views clearly upon this question, by asking the
Clerk to read an amendment which he proposed.
It was lead as follows :
Stllke from the re~o'ntiou of the Committer wlierfi it oc-
curs 20,000 and insert 50, 00, and 70,000 and insert 110,000.
Mr. W. moved this as an amendment to the
resolution, and explained that it proposed 50,000
copies of the mechanical and 100,000 of the agri-
culmral part of the repoit.
He said he thought, while the House were order-
ing this printing, they might as well order a suf-
ficient number. He believed the number he pro-
posed was the proper number to send to their
constituents. He hoped that gentlemen m favor
of the printing would vote to print a number large
enough, for the same objections existed to printing
a small number as printing a large number. There
were certain gentlemen opposed to the printing,
who would not be satisfied with any number.
They had cut down the number year after year to
satisfy them. He How thought the House should
order a sufficient number, and having said this, if
he thought the House would sustain him, he would
move the previous question. He made that
motion.
Mr. JONES, (having ascertained from the
Speaker that the morning hour had expired)
moved that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question,
Mr. WOODWARD inquired if it would be in
order, in the present stale of the question, to move
to recommit the resolution ?
The SPEAKER replied, that no motion was
in order pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. JONES said, in order to vote understand-
ingly, he wished to make an inquiry of the Chair;
that was, had there been any report made to this.
House during the session, from the Patent Office,
or the Commissioner of Patents, upon the subject
of agriculture ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state what
is the character of the report made from the Com-
missioner of Patents, for he has not examined
"'Mr. JONES. Is it within the recollection of
the Speaker, that this House has ever ordered the
printing of a report before it was received ?
i The "SPEAKER. This is a question which the
House must consider for themselves, and they
should not be influenced by the opinion of the
Speaker.
The previous question was seconded.
