1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 19.
this resolution required the Utah and Texas bbund-
ary bills to be taken up before the California bill?
He asked the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ashmun] to modify his resolution, so as to pro-
ceed at once to the business on the Speaker's table.
"** The SPEAKER. Doe's the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] modify his resolu-
tion?
No response was made by Mr. Ashmun.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended
was then taken, andfresulted—yeas 94, nays 94;
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Ashmun, Baker, Bay, Bennett, Booth, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck,
Bnggs, Brooks, William J. Brown, Burrows, Chester But-
ler, i'homas fk Butler, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell,'
Cat iter, Casey, Chandlei, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Deber-
ry, Dickey, Dimioick, Disney, Dunham, Pitch, Fuller, Gen-
try, Gerry, Gorman, Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton, Hampton,
"Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Raymond, Hebaid, Hoagland,
Howard,, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones,
Kerr, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Jod Mann, Marshall,
Mason, McCiemand, McDonald, McGaughey, McLanahan,
Finis E. McLean, MoWiltie, Meacham, Morris, Ogle, Olds,
Outlaw, Peaslee, Peek, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Reed,
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Rose, Sawtelle, Siiepperd,
Stanly, Strong, Sweelser, James Thompson, John 1J.
Thompson, Undeihitl, Van Dyke, VValden, Waldu, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilson, Wood,
and Young—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bingham,
Bow-don, Bowie, Albert G. Brown, Burt, E. C Cabell, G. A.
Caldwell, Calvrn, Campbell, Clarke, Clingman, Colcock,
Cole, Corwin, CroweJI, Daniel, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dur-
kee, Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Ewnig, Featherston,
Fowler, ^Hidings, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, llalloway,
Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hay, Henry, Hoiladay, Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter,
Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Julian, G. G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Preston King, La S6re, Horace Mann, Matteson,McDowell,
McKissock, McQueen, Meade, Morse, Morton, Nelson,
Orr, Ous, Parker, Phelps, Powell, Reynolds, Ridley, Rock-
well, Root, Rumsey, Savage, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester>fc>pauldmg, Sprague, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Vinton, Wallace, Wellborn,
White, and Woodwaid—94.
So twothirda not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended,
And the resolution was not received.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution-, which was read for information:
Resolvedf (the Seriate concurring,) That the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of this, House adjourn their re-
spective Houses, sine die, on thed second Monday[of Sep-
tember next, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made to us reception.
Mr. HARRIS moved a suspension of the rules,
and asked the yeas and nays on thatmotion;which
were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Speaker
whether the resolution proposed that Congress
should adjourn before California was admitted ?
The SPEAKER.. The resolution proposes that
Congress shall adjourn on the second Monday of
September.
Mr. MASON, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The resolution is
not yet before the House.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was the*n taken, and decided in the negative—yeas
81, nays 104; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Av-
erett, Baker, Bay, Bajly, Beale, Bowdon, A. G. Brown,
Burt, E. C. Cabell, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, J. P.
Caldwell, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, De-
herry, Dimmick, Edmnndson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Haralson, I. G. Harris, S. W.
Harris, T. L. Harris, Havmond, Hibbard, Hoagland, Holla-
day, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, J. W. Jackson, A.
Johnson, J. L. Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones, La sire,
Lejfier, Marshall, McDonald, McGaughey, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Morehead, Morris, Orr, Out-
law, Parker, Pow<- II, Robinson, Savage, Schenck, Seddon,
Sheppprd, R. H. Stanton, T. Stevens, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, J. B. Thompson, Toombs, Van D>ke,
Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams,! and
Wood—SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Ashmun, Bennett, Bingham,
Booth, Bow}*-', Bowlm,Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, W. J.
Brown, Ritrrow , C Butler, T. B. Butler, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Cartser, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole,C-<rwin, Crow-
eH, Dickey, Disney,Doty, Din r, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fuller, Gentry, Gerrv, Giddings,
Gort, Gould, Grinnell, Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Ha}-,
Hehard, Henry, Howe, TJunter, W. T. Jackson," Julian,
Kerr, G. G. Kmc, J. G. King, J. A. King, P. King, Levin,
LmJi'fiold, H. Mann. J Mann, McClernand, McLanahan,
F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moiton,Nelson, Ogle, Olds,Otw,
Pea«lee, Peck, Phripc, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Ri«dey, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Rumsey, £8aekett, Sawtelle, Sehermechorn, Schookiaft,
Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, StronpTaylor, James
Thompson, Undeibill, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Went-
worth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wilson, arid Young—
)04.
So the rules were not suspended.
And the resolution was not received.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. GOTT, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the current fiscal year.
The pending question was on the following
amendment of Mr. Harris, of Illinois, offered as
a substitute for the amendment of Mr. Schenck
upon the same subject, viz:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
furnish and deliver to the Members and Delegates of that
House, for the present Congress, who have not already re-
ceived them, all euch tjooks as have been furnished to the
members of the 28th, 29th, and 30th Congresses, including
all members of the present House, the residue of the 8th
volume of the Statutes already published, and the 9th vol-
ume—$40,000: Provulcd, That this shall not authorize the
reprinting of any of said books; and the Clerk shall, be-
fore sjid books are delivered to the members entitled to re-
ceive them, cause each copy to be marked or stamped in
some ineffaceable manner on the cover and title page with
the name of the member receiving the same: Jhul provided,
jwtfier, That no part of this appropriation shall be used,
unless the Clerk shall be able to procured sufficient numbei
of copies of all such hooks to furnish one set to each Mem-
ber and Delegate entitled thereto."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, explained that his
object in offering that amendment was to limit the
expenditure as much as possible consistently with
reaching the object, which the House had evident-
ly determined upon. He intended to vote against
the whole matter. But if the House were deter-
mined to purchase the books, it should be done
on reasonable terms. He believed $40,000 was
sufficient to procure every book which was called
for; and that his amendment, with the limitation
that the Clerk should purchse no books unless
enough to supply all could be procured, would
draw out from these book-dealers a sufficient
number, and terminate this system forever. That
was his object, and he believed that, as he had
modified it at the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] it would accomplish it.
Mr. SCHENCK said that the amendment pro-
vided that no part of these books should be furnished
unless a complete set of every kind could be pro-
cured. He understood the fact to be, that complete
sels of a part of these books could be procured,
while there could not be of others. The Ameri-
can State Papers, American Archives and Diplo-
matic Correspondence, he believed were either out
of print or could not be furnished. This being
the case, he thought $30,000 would be a sufficient
sum to cover all that could be furnished, which
would include the opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral, compiled by a late Attorney General, [Mr.
Gilpin,] and the Reports on Finance made m pur-
suance of the law of 1800. He suggested to the
gentleman from Illinois to modify his amendment
by inserting a proposition which he read, (which
is noticed hereafter.)
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, declined to modify
his amendment.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK, remarking that he believed
his amendment had been amended and he could
not therefore modify it, moved to amend the
amendment by inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing substitute:
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to [
furnish and deliver to each of the Member and Delegates of I
that House of the present Congi ess, who have not already [
received them, such books as have been lurm&Led to the !
Members ot the 28th, 29th, and 30th Congresses, including j
to all Members and Delegates of the present House the res-
idue of the 8th volume of the Statutes ot the United State*,
already published, the 9th volume of that woik, and the in-
dex; also the collectcd opinions of the Attorneys' Genera! of
the United States, published under the direction of H. D.
Gilpin, B-q., late Attorney Genera), and the Finance Reports
which have been prepared in obedience to the act of Con-
gress ofMay 10,1800—§30,000: Provided, That this shall not
authorize the reprinting ot any of said books; and the Clerk
shall, before said books are delivered to me members enti-
tled to receive them, cause each copy to be maiked or
stamped in some ineffaceable manneroit the cover and title
page with the name of the member receiving the same: Jind
prowled, further, That no work thus authorized io be lur-
nished shall be obtained or delivered by the Clerk unless he
shall he able to procure a sufficient numbei of copa-s thereof
to furnish a complete set to each Member and Delegate en-
titled thereto."
The question was taken, and the substitute was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN announced that if there was
no other amendment to be offered the Clerk would
read the next section.
Mr. MEADE inquired if it was in order now to
move to amend the substitute which had just been
adopted?
The CHAIRMAN replied that he thought not.
The following item being under consideration:
" For compensation of the President of the United States
$25,000"—
Mr. MORSE moved an amendment appropria-
ting $-16,319 43, to be paid to Mrs. Taylor, the
widow of the late President Taylor, to complete
the annual salary to the 4th of March next.
Mr. M. said he did not desire to occupy the
time of the committee.
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order, and
submitted that the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the eighty-first rule, the amendment ia
not in order.
The eighty-first rule was read:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be m order as an amendment thereto,
tor any expenditure not previously authorized by law; un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such public works
and objects as arc already in progress, or foi the contingen-
cies for carrying on the several departments of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. MORSE. Can debate be allowed on the
point of order ?
The CHAIRMAN said, that no debate was
now in order—the general debate having been ter-
^ minated by order of the House—except explana-
tions of amendments, under the five minutes rule.
Mr. ASHMUN. Did X understand the Chair
to dccide that the payment of a balance of the sal-
ary of the late President of the United States is
not a matter to be put into an appropriation bill?
If the Chair so decides, I appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair makes no such
decision. The Chair decides that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Louisiana is not in
order.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the Chair have the
amendment read ?
The CHAIRMAN. Will the committee be
good enough to suspend conversation until they
hear the reading of the amendment?
The amendment was again read.
Mr. ASHMON. If the Chair rules it out of
order, I appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides it to be
out of order under the eighty-first rule.
Mr. FOWLER and Mr. BINGHAM called for
the reading of the rule; which was again read.
The question being,44 Shall the decision of the
Chiar stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. ASHMUN asked for tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Mr. King, of Rhode
Island, and Mr. Wallace were appointed.
Mr. STANLY said he should be glad to know
at what time the year commenced tor which the
appropriation in the bill of $25,000 was proposed ?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that the appropria-
tion was for the next fiscal year.
Mr. STANLY. If that is so, I submit to the
Chair whether the appropriation proposed by the
amendment is, as the Chair has decided, unauthor-
ized by law? Is it not the distributing of an ap-
propriation which has already been made?
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 49.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Morse was decided to be
out of order.
Several sections were read without interruption.
The following item, under the head of the State .
Department, being under consideration—
" For the incidental and contingent expenses of the said
department, viz: For publishing the Laws in one newspa-
per in each of the iState? and Territories, und hi three news-
papers of the ciiy of Washington, $9,880: Provided, That
the said publication in the said States and Territories shall
be made in the newspaper of the public printer or State
printer of said States and Territories, wherever there may
be one selected by the State or territorial authorities.."
Mr. MOREHEAD moved an amendment, to
strike out all of the said clause after the word
il Department,'' and insert "For publishing in
Newspapers in the United States and Territories,
the laws of the United States, $10,850.
Mr. M. said the bill, as it now stood, proposed
to publish the laws of the United States in each
State, and it designated that the paper in which
they were published should be the public j- uter
