&M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
The main question was ordered, being first on
the amendment of Mr. Wentworth.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Wentworth, and was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 113, nays 63; as,follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Andrews, Ashmun,
Baker, Bennett, Bingham, Bissell, Booth, Breck, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph
Cable, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Conrad,
Corwin, Crowell, Dimmiek, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Dunham,
Dmkee, Edmuudson, Fowjer, Fuller, Gentry. Gerry, Gil-
more, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, HaUoway Ham-
mond, Hampton, Harlan, Haymond, Hebard, Ht>nry, Hoag-
Jand, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Julian, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G. King, James G.
King, John A. King, Presfm King, Leflier, Horace Mann,
Job Maim, Matteson, McDonald, McGanghey, Finis E.
McLean, McMullen, Moo^e, Morris, Moiton, Nelson, Ncs,
Ogle, Olds, Otis, Peek, Powell, Putnam, Iteed, Reynolds,
Ross, Rumsey, Saek'tt, Sawtelle, Scbenek, Sehermerhorri,
Schoolciaft, Silvester, Spalding, Sprague, Tnaddcus Ste-
vens, Stetson,Taylor, John B. Thompson, William Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tuck, Underhill, Van Djke, Vinton. Wal-
den, Waldo, Wenlwoith, Whittlesey, Wiimot, Wilson,
Winthmp, Wood, and Young—113.
N-\YS—Messrs. ANfon, Anderson, Bay, Boeock, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Burt, E. Carrington Cabell, Clingman, Colcock,
Duberry, Duncan, Alexander Evans Ewmg, Feaiheiston,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Ramilfon, Haralson, JMiamG. Har-
ris, Hibbard, Hilli.ird, Holhday, Howard, Hubbard, Joseph
W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sere,
MeClf rnand, Robert M. McLane, McQueen, Me Willie, Mill-
ion, Mori-head, Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Pea-dee,
Phelps, Potter, Richardson, Robbms, Robinson, Root, Sav-
age, Sh^pperd, Stanly, FredeuckP. Stanton, R. H. Slariton,
Alexaridei H. Stephens, Sweetser, Thomas, James Thomp-
son, Toombs, Venuble, Wallace, Walking, Wellborn, Wil-
drick, Williams, and Woodward—63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GOTT moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and moved that that motion be laid upon the tabfe.
The question having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid
on the table.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolution reported by the Committee on Printing,
as amended.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if it was in order to
move that the House resolve itselfinto Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER said it would be in order.
Mr. KAUFMAN made the motion-, but at the
suggestion of a number of members, waived it
until the resolution under consideration should
have been disposed of.
Mr. ASHE inquired of the Chair, whether a
motion to lay the resolution on the table, would
then be m order ?
The SPEAKER said it would.
Mi. ASHE then made that motion; and the
question being put thereon, it was decided in the
negtiave.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. GOTT moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The question having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid
upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS made an ineffectual attempt to
call up the message of the President, heretofore
received, concerning a correspondence between the
Department of State of the United States and the
British Minister, relating to the coastwise trade,
&c.
Mr. B. submitted that the question was a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER said, it was a privileged ques-
tion, not a question of privilege—that the motion
of the gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
was also a privileged motion, and had been first
made.
CALIFORNIA.
The question having been taken on the motion
of Mr. Richardson, and decided in the affirma-
tive,
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd m the Chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special message of the President of the
United States, relating to California, &c., and on
the bill, heretofore introduced by Mr. Doty, pro-
viding for her admission into the Union.
Mr. GORMAN was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during his hour, in re-
marks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut, then obtained
the floor, and addressed the committee during his
hour, in remarks which will-be found in the Ap-
pendix.
The CHAIRMAN then gave the floor to
Mr. DISNEY, who yielded to a motion that the
committee rise; which, having been agreed to,
The committee rose, and reported progress,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
' t
The following petitions, memorials, <fcc., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. CONGER : The petition of 192 citizens and elec-
tors, ol Cayuga county, New York, piaying for the repeal of
ail laws authorizing slavery or the slave-trade, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and in the event or their non-repeal, that
the seat of Government be removed to some more suitable
place.
By Mr. BEALE: The petition of many of the inhabitants
of' Braxton county, Virginia, lor a post-route from Braxton
court-house to Kanawha eouit-house, hy the way of Elk
river.
Also, the petition of hundry persons in Western Virginia,
praying Congress to establish a system of cheap poota t.
By Mr. ALEXANDER: The remonstrance of William
Chase and 1< 9 others, citizens of Little Falls, Herkimer
county, New York, against the turther extension, by act of
Congress, of the VVoodvvorth patent, so called, for a planing,
toimn-ing, andgiooving machine, and that the last extension
by lawot said patent, be repealed.
By Mr. COLE: The petition of S. H. Scales, William
Baldwin, and (57 others, citizens o( Lafayette county, pray-
ing for the establishment ol <i tii-weekly mail-route from
Galena, via Council llili, &c., to Minenil Point.
By Mr. WHITE: The petition oi C W. Tread well, Enoch
Sill, and 9 otlieis, citizens of the county ol Saratoga, Slate
of New Yook, praying a reduction of postage to a uniform
rate of two cents per half ounce, on prepaid letters.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition of Robert Grierson,
L. J. Wick, and 200 citizens of Youngstown, Mahoning
county, Ohio, piHving ihat slaveiy and the slave tiade be
expressly prohibited by act ol Congiess, m all the territoiiea
of the United States.
Also, the petition of 194 citi^ns of Youngstown, Maho-
ning county, Ohio, praying the repeal of all laws enacted
by Congress, by winch slavery and the slave-trade aie au-
thorized or sanctioned in the city of Washington or District
of Columbia ; and that, in the event of their non-repeal, the
seat of the National Government be removed to some moie
suitable location.
Also, the petition of J98citizens of Youngstown, Mahoning
county, Ohio, pra>ing that no State be heieaftel admitted
into the Union, unles-s the constitution of such State shall
expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
By Mr. GRkEN: The petition ot eiUzens of Boonville,
Missouri, piaving the reduction of postage to two and a hall
cents per hall ounce.
By Mr. KUMSEY : The petition of Elnathan Phelps, an
invalid pensiouei,asking lor bounty land.
Also, the petition of < nizens of Almond, New York, for
cheap po-tdge.
Also, the petition ol citizens of Alleghany, New York
for the same purpose.
AKo, the petition of citizens of Elmiia, Chemung county,
New Yoik, tor the repeal ol the law extending the patent
lor Woodwortlfs planing machine.
By Mr. DfJRKKE: The petition of the clergymen and
delegates of the Beloit (Wisconsin) Convention of Piesby-
teimns and Congregationalisms, asking Congress to establish
the rates of postage on letteis at two cents per half ounce,
prepaid.
AKo, the petition of H. H. Benson and 51 citizens of
Gcnev,i, Wisconsin, prajing Congress to establish a nm-
foi m rale ot postage, ot two cents per hall ounce on piepaid
letters.
Also, the petition of Peter Golden and 84 others, citizens
of Elkhoin, Wisconsin, praying Congress to reduce the
postage on letters and newspapers.
Also, the petition of J. B. Jillson and 31 others, of the
town of Kenosha, ptaving for the reduction of letter-postaae.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of members of the Legis-
lature ot Wisconsin, in relation to a grant ol land to im-
prove the Upper Wisconsin river.
Also, the petition of S. A. White, H. II. Harrison, and
others, citizens of Oxankee, Wisconsin, for a reduction of
postage.
Also, the petition of C. K. Alton, II. McFarlan, and 74
others, citizens of Wisconsin, for a mail-route along the
valley of Neenah river, from Green Bay, bv Menasha to
Fort Winnebago.
Also, the petition of Jostah Mitchell and others, citizens
of Columbia and Sank counties, for the extension of the
mail-route liom Lowville to Adams, the county seat of Sank
count>.
Also, the petition of Win. Sylvester and 34 others, prat-
ing the passage of a pieeiription law toi settlers on the Me-
nomonee lands.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature ot Wisconsin, for a
grant of land to complete the impiovements of Neenah and
Wisconsin rivers, and improve the Upper Wisconsin.
Also, the memorial ol tiie Senate and Assembly of Wis-
consin. lor a mail-route (tn-weekly) from Madison, via
Dane, Praine du Sac, and Adams, to Wnmebaao.
Also, the petition of Timothy Jordan arid others, members
of the Stockbridge tribe of Indians, for a treaty with the
United States, to enable them to dispose of remaining lands,
and for other purposes. '
By Mr. HOLLIDAY: The petition of the heirs of Thomas
Upshaw, praying for interest on a half-pay claim heretofore
allowed them.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Thomas
Woods and 121 others, citizens of Westmoreland and Alle-
ghany counties, Pennsylvania, for a post-route from Tucker
Run, Westmoreland county, via GufFey'a Salt-Works, to
Ehzabethtown, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, a distance
of thiiteen miles; also, a post-route from West Newton,
Westmoreland county, via GatFey's Salt-Works, to the city
of Pittsburg, a distance of twenty-four miles.
By Mr. BO WLltf: The petition of John C. Marsh and
28 others, citizens of Dunk.hu county, Missouri, praying the
establishment of a mail-ryute from Chilitecaux, the county
seat of said county, to Hofnersville, in said county, a dis-
tance of about twenty miles.
Also, the petition of John R. Dick? and 190 others, citi-
zens of St. Louis, piaying the reduction of postage on letter*
to the uniform rate ot two cents, and that thev be prepaid.
/ By Mr. WILMOT: a petition signed by 90 citizens of
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking a reduction in the «
rates of postage.
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: the petition of F. R. Seeley
and 100 others, asking Congress to abolish the office of
chaplain, &c.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: tlip petition of Isaac
Stebbens and 20 others, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, for
establishing Chelsea as a port of delivery.
Al=o, the petition of Elisba B. Loring and 47 others, of
Maiden, Massachusetts, against a further extension "of the
patent for Woodworth's Planing Machine.
Washington, March 11, 1850.
Messrs. Editors: In your Congressional report
of the speech of the honorable H. W. Hilliard, of
Alabama, printed on the 7th instant, a material
error occurs in the report as printed, or in the
copy furnished you. In approving the course of
the honorable Mr. Stanly, I stated that Mr.
Stanly looked through a different medium from
that of the honorable gentleman from Alabama;
whereas, the gentleman reports me as having
said that Mr. Stanly looked through the same
medium as myself. This correction is due to
Mr. Stanly as well as myself, and I should have
been much better satisfied had the conversation
been reported as it occurred. Nothing was said
in relation to Gott's resolutions; and I stated that,
during my whole Congressional term, I had
never voted against the interests of the South.
Please insert this m the Congressional Globe,
and oblige, yours, &c., HUGH WHITE.
To the Editors of Congressional Globe.
"House of Representative?,
Tuesday, March 12, 1850.
Messrs. Editors : In reply to the note of the
Hon. Hugh White, of New York, complaining
of an incorrect report of his remark addressed to
me while I was replying to the Hon. Mr. Stanly,
of North Carolina, 1 desire to say that he was un-
derstood by me to use the language ascribed to
him in my published speeeh. i was remarking
upon the fact that Mr. Stanly, in going over the
whole field of controversy between the North and
the South, could not discover a single ground of
complaint on the part of the South. At this mo-
ment Mr. White was understood by me to say,
" He sees things through the same medium that I
do." To which 1 instantly replied, "Yes, anf
you have on all occasions voted against the South."
Mr. White answeted, "No." ! asked, "Have
you not uniformly voted for the Wilmot proviso,
and every measure restrictive of slavery?" Mr.
White admitted that he had, I then proceeded to
say, " Yes, and yet you and the gentleman from
North Carolina see things through the same me-
dium r" This is my recollection of the conversa-
tion.
If I had misunderstood the gentleman's remark,
he should have set me right at the time. 1 pro-
ceeded in my remarks to apply Mr White's ad-
mission against Mr. Stanly, and drew attention to
the singular fact, that these two gentlemen saw
things through the same medium. That was the
occasion to set me right—if I had made an improp-
er use of Mr. White's remark—while I was on
the floor, proceeding to apply it. It will at once
be seen, that I could have no object in bringing
Mr. White's votes to view, but for his statement,
that Mr. Stanly and himself saw things through
the same medium, and it became immediately im-
portant to show through what medium Mr. White
saw things. This I instantly did, by bringing out
the fact, that he had uniformly voted against the
South, by giving his vote in favor of the Wilmot
proviso, and other measures restrictive of slavery.
But for this, I should not have turned out of my
way to notice Mr. White's remark. In confirm-
ation of what 1 have stated, 1 copy from the
"Daily Union" a report of the conversation allu-
