1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5or
ded to in Mr. White's note, and which I never
saw until this morning:
" Mr. Milliard rose and said: * * * That gen-
tleman [Mr. Stanly] has sought the occasion,
when a powerful majority was arrayed against the
South, to join that majority, and to stand forth as
its champion. He could not comprehend the feel-
ings of a Representative standing in the position
occupied by the gentleman from North Carolina.
That gentleman yesterday went over the entire
field of controversy between the sections of the
Union, without being; able to find a single griev-
ancejustly to be complained of by the South. He
[Mr. Stani.y] could not even understand that the
South had been wronged by the North, in the
matter of the course of the latter, on the subject
of fugitive slaves. Such, indeed, had been the
tenor of his whole argument."
" Mr. White here remarked, that he [Mr.
Stanly] looks through the same medium with
himself, (Mr W.)
"Mr. Hilliard, (continuing.) Yes, he looks
through the same medium with the honorable
member from New York, [Mr. White,] who
votes, it will be remembered, consistently, for the
Wilmot proviso, and all kindred propositions."
Mr. White's remark appears to have been un-
derstood by the accurate Reporter of the "Union"
as it was by me.
I will only add, that the honorable Mr. Toombs
and the honorable Mr. Cabell (with whom I fell
in with immediately after the adjournment of the
House) spoke to me of the successful point which
1 had made against Mr. Stanly from Mr. White's
statements, that Mr. Stanly saw things through
the same medium that he did.
As to Mr. White's further statement, that he
had never voted against the interests of the South,
I have only to say, that he has, so far as I have
been able to examine the journals, voted uniformly
in favor of every restriction upon slavery, whether
in the District of Columbia, or in the territories of
the United States. He has consistently voted for
the Wilmot proviso, for Gott's resolution, and
for every kindred measure.
II. W. HILLIARD.
Washington City, March. 11, 1850.
Mr. John C. Rives:
' Sir: In the Daily Globe, of March 9th, 1850,
which I received to-day, I find the " Explanations,
personal and political," between Mr. Hilliard,
of Alabama, and myself.
In the latter part of the report of the explana-
tions, after 1 had stated that I had not the least
idea, on the day before, to have said anything of-
fensive to the gentleman from Alabama, the report
proceeds as follows:
"He (Mr. S.) regretted it all; and was alto-
gether surprised by the tone and manner of the
gentleman this morning. He came there, pre-
pared to beg pardon for his hasty expressions.
But the gentleman's speech this morning prevent-
ed. He hoped, hereafter, when he should have
acquired contioiover his temper, in a more appro-
priate sphere of action, to hear
>c c Truth? divine come mended from his tongue.5
" Mr. Hilliard said, thife was the first occasion
upon which anything like a tender of the olive-
branch had been made by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.] He (Mr H.)
now took occasion to say, that he had not enter-
tained a single unkind sentiment toward that gen-
tleman, until he had yesterday made a very gross
and unprovoked charge upon him, by saying that
he had desecrated the, Scriptures for the worst
purposes. Let it all pass. The gentleman must,
of course, settle for himself what his own relations
with him (Mr. H.) should hereafter be. He had
only vindicated himself, and exposed the course
of the gentleman from North Carolina, m proper
terms. , .
« Mr Stanly said, that if the gentleman was
go disposed, he was willing to forget all that had
passed, and to understand, not only their speeches,
but all the gentleman's threats, in a Parliamentary
sense only." . . , ..
I had honed after the "tender of the olive-
branch," that Mr. H. would not desire to strike
another blow. But I fear I have been mistaken.
When I read the report in the Globe, I knew
there was something wrong. I thought I never
heard before the last words used by Mr. Hil-
liard, viz: " He had only vindicated himself, and
exposed the course of the gentleman from North
Carolina, in proper terms."
The following note to Mr. Haliday, the superin-
tendent of the Globe printing-office, will explain
how this happens:
"Mr. Haliday: I understand you are the
superintendent of the Globe printing-office. I see
in the Daily Globe of March 9, 1850, in the con-
cluding remarks of Mr. Hilliard, the following
words: 1 He (Mr. H.) had only vindicated him-
' self, and exposed the course of the gentleman
' from North Carolina, in proper terms.'
" Do me the favor to inform me, in whose hand-
writing is the manuscript from which those words
were printed, and when they were inserted. They
were not m the manuscript, or in the reporter's
notes, when they left my hands, late Saturday
afternoon. Respectfully &c.,
V EDWARD STANLY.
" March 11, 1850."
"Hon. E. Stanly: In answer to your note,
I respectfully state, that the words referred to by
you, were added by Hon. Mr. Hilliard, after
the report was received fiom you, on Saturday
night, that gentleman having requested the op-
portunity to revise his own remarks.
"Very respectfully,
" JAMES F. HALIDAY.
" March 11, 1850."
These " explanations " were made on Thurs-
day. Two days had passed after " the tender of
the olive-branch," before Mr. Hilliard added to
the reporter's notes, without my authority, know-
ledge, or consent, the words above quoted. Mr.
H. never used those words in my hearing. If
he had done so, I think I might have replied in
harsh terms. I will not, on account of the gentle-
man's vocation, deal m any reproachful language
of this conduct; but I think I have a right to com-
plain of this interpolation. I do not admit the
right of any gentleman to take my remarks, when
I furnish them for the press, and interpolate them,
as Mr. Hilliard has done m this instance; and I
understand the Congressional Globe is not published
for the benefit of any party, or of any favorite in-
dividuals. I know you have no design to take
sides with any one in reporting the debates; but
surely I have cause to complain that I was not in-
formed of this unauthorized alteration before the
remarks were printed.
I most carefully followed the reporter's notes,
and did not alter in the least—not in a letter—any-
thin" Mr. H. said. I have the reporter's notes
before me, and there, instead of saying he had
" exposed the course of the gentleman from North
Carolina," &c., he is correctly reported to have
said, " he only endeavored to vindicate himself;"
and after this, was my expression of a "willing-
ness to forget all that had passed."
In Mr. Hilliard's remarks,reported by himself,
he does not treat me as 1 treated him—he reports
me, and I must say, not fairly. In reporting his
frequent interruptions—and I allowed him every
opportunity he asked-—I took what he said from
the reporter's notes; he took what I said from
his own memory. !
One instance I must cite, in Mr. Hilliard s re-
marks: When he was referring to the Conven-
tion in Philadelphia, which nominated General
Taylor, there appears the following:
" He [Mr. Stanly] says, however, that he was
not in a Methodist Church in that city. If he had
sometimes visited such places, his morals and his
manners would probably both be better than they
are to-day. The remark only discloses the in- i
curable proneness of the member to a line of con- >
duct, which must prove far more injurious to him
than it can possibly be to others."
Now, this seems designed to do me gross in-
justice—it seems designed to represent me as
sneering at the Methodist Church. That, it was
impossible for me to do. For what puipose the
proceedings of the Philadelphia Convention were
lugged in the debate, 1 do not know. What really
took place, as 1 stated it in the House immediately
after his explanation, was this. I said:
" But, with as much foundation as he had for
other charges, the gentleman from Alabama said,
I was opposed in Philadelphia to General Tay-
lor's nomination.
" Mr. Hilliard. I withdrew it upon the gen-
tleman's own statement.
" Mr. Stanly. I give him credit for with-
drawing one charge; the proof to contradict him
was too near at hand. I hope the gentleman; will
aid me in supporting the peaceful measures -re-
commended by the President. But one word of
the Philadelphia Convention. I stated, while he.
was speaking just now, that in Philadelphia I had
no intercourse with the gentleman; that I should;
have looked for him at some Methodist Church.
The gentleman replied, it would have been better
for my manners and morals. To this I answered,
that if my manners and morals had been improved,
it would not have been owing either to his preach-
ing, or to his example. And what did the rever-
end gentleman say to this provoked repartee ? He
said, I could not help 'certain tendencies,' and he
made a downward motion. Now, sir, I confess,
when I attack the gentleman, I am going in a
downward direction. I confess, my tendencies
are to strip, as I have, the wolf of the sheep's
clothing. I confess, when one of his calling at-
tacks another, regardless of all decorum, I have an
irresistible 'tendency' to  Mr. Chairman, I
will not follow a bad example and use harshness
of language, that I know I shall repent; I will not
forget"the gentleman's vocation, though-he may.
But I wish the gentleman to understand, that this
restraint is imposed by a feeling of respect for
this House, and of regard for what becomes my
own character, and not for what might be de-
servedly applied to the gentleman from Alubama."
How different this is from the report of Mr.
Hilliard! I only meant to say, he had better have
been in a Methodist Church than in the Conven-
tion. In looking over the notes furnished by the
reporter, 1 observe several of the interpolations in
Mr. Hilliard's handwriting; but it is not neces-
sary to comment on them.
I write this note to Mr. Rives to do myself jus-
tice, and prevent misunderstanding hereafter. I
suppose, if I had been capable of acting unfairly,
I could have suppressed all the reporter gave ma
of Mr. Milliard's frequent interruptions—just aa
he did toward me. But if 1 had, I suppose no
one will contend it gave him the right to amend
or alter my speech, or interpolate his remarks in
my speech, to suit his own purposes.
As this, as far as my knowledge extends, is the
first instance of improper interference of this kind,
I trust it will be the last.
As to the remarks imputed by Mr. Hilliard to
Mr. White, of New York, I did not hear what
that gentleman said. If he is incorrectly reported
by Mr. IIilliard, as I believe he is, he will correct
it if he thinks proper.
I must ask the favor of you to, publish this in
the Globe, and oblige yours, respectfully,
EDWARD STANLY.
Washington, March 13, 1850.
Messrs. Editors: It is proper that 1 should
reply to the note of Hon. Edward Stanly, which
appeared in this morning's Globe. _ I shall do so
as briefly as possible. He complains that I have
exercised the right, which clearly belongs to me,
of revising my own remarks. They were pre-
pared by the reporter in connection with those of
Mr. Stanly; but this did not make them the less
my own remarks, nor could it deprive me of the
right to revise them before they were published.
Otherwise, they might be put by the reporter into
the hands of my antagonist m the debate, and be
subsequently turned over by him to the press,
in the most mutilated and unsatisfactory state".
Every member of the House, 1 suppose, claims
and exercises the right of giving to his remarks,
before they are committed to press, the shape
which will express in the fullest manner the
meaning which he designed them to convey, i
do not know that the propriety of revising the re-
port of my late remarks would have occurred to
me, but for the suggestion of the excellent re-
poiter, Mr Wheeler. Without any request on
my part, he offered to submit the report of my
remarks to me for revision; and, in his own lan-
guage, " I promptly accepted the proposal.
I insert his answer to a note from me touching
this point: St. Charles Hotel,
Tcesba-Y Evening, Seven o'clock.
Dear Sir : I &ave considered the note which you did me
the honor to deliver this eveniug. I rt-gret the necessity
which, in yoar judgment, requires this relerence to my eu;
but do not feel at liberty to decline an explicit answer to
your inquiries.
