<508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Your fust question is: " Will you be good enough to say
whether you tendered your notes to me of the running re-
plies to Mr. S tanly's remarks for rovU.il, at my request, or
not ?"
Oil Saturdiy morning last, you called at my room, to as-
certain the tune at which the explanations of the previous
Tliurtdav would be published. That point having been
disposed of, I stated, that if you had any solicitude as to the
accuracy, or fairness, with which your portion ol the expla-
nation, occurring in Mr. Stanly's rem rks,had been given,
I conceived it to be your right to revise that part of the
proof-sheet which embodied it. You promptly accepted the
proposal, expressing the opini -n, that it was nothing more
than you were entitled to. But you did not make the re-
quest. 1 sta ed that, as a matter of course, not a word of
Mr. Stanly's remarks should be touched; and that, should
your own be so changed or modified a* to create exceptions
by hun, I should hold myself relieved from all responsibility.
[ did not "tender you the notes;" rior could I have done
4>o, bpcau-e, two hours before that, I Irad transmitted them
to Mr. Stvnly, at Wilhard's Hotel. It is proper to add,
that, in yielding thi.* right to you, I did no moie than 1 have
heretofore done, and should again do to-morrow, undt-r sim-
ilar circumstances.
Fulfilling my engagement with you, 1 gave dnect on at
the "Gfofcc" office,.thatif you called to revise the pioof of
your own remark*, every facility should be afforded you.
I did not know, until yesterday, that your corrections had
been made in the manusenpt, and not on the pioot-sheet.
1 do not suppose the fact to be material. I make allusion
to it only because the terms of your own inquiry ?cein to
invite it. HENRY G. WHEELER.
Hon. H. W. Hilliarb, of Alabama.
Acquiescing in the propriety of this, I called at
the Globe office, and found that Mr. Wheeler had,
according to his engagement, left instructions to
have the report of the debate submitted to me, and
as it had not then been set up, I could see it only
as it had been furnished at the office.
I made such a revision of my own remarks, and
put them in such language as seemed to me to ex-
press most satisfactorily my meaning. I supposed
that Mr. Stanly would also revise the proof of the
debate before it went to press. The report had
been previously put into his hands; he had freely
exercised his right of revision, alteration, and ad-
dition; and it did not for a moment occur to me,
that he could object to my doing the same thing.
1 might complain of very hnrsh interpolations in
Mr. Stanly's remarks, by his own hand, but 1 do
not. The whole debate was of a character to ex-
cite us both, and I suppose that neither of us will
claim an exemption from infirmities. The contio-
versy must end somewheie. I much prefer to
withhold remarks which suggest themselves to me,
than to indulge in any but those which seem to be
essential to explanation.
H. W. MILLIARD.
To the Editors of the Globe.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March J2, 1850.
Mr. WEBSTER. I desne to say a word by
way of correction of a misunderstanding, and an
accidental error of my own. i wish my friend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hall] weie in his
place. 1 wibii, in the first place, to say, that I see
that the report of my observations on Thursday,
supposes me to have referred to Mr. Jefferson as
the negotiator of the treaty of 1794. Everybody
knows that that treaty was not negotiated by Mr.
Jefferson. I suppose the mistake may have oc-
curred by the shoi t-hand note-taker's having used
only tlie initial letter of the name.
Mr. BALDWIN. You are wrong; the mis-
take was leally yours.
Mr. WEBSTER. My friend from Connecticut
says that I am wrong, and that, the mistake was
my own. It was a very gross one, if it was mine.
Everybody knows that Mr. Jay negotiated that
treaty. He was Chief Justice of the United States,
and held that office, notwithstanding that he was
abroad, several months, in the negotiation of that
treaty.
A Senator. You most certainly ascribed this
treaty to Mr. Jefferson.
Mr. WEBSTER. It seems, sir, that by a
lapsus lingucc I did ascribe the negotiation of the
treaty of 1794 to Mr. Jefferson. I meant cer-
tainly Mr. Jay. Everybody knows that Mr. Jay
was sent to England, to negotiate a tieaty, by
General Washington. He was nominated Minis-
ter to England on the I6th of Apnl, 17.94, and the
nomination was confirmed on the 19th of the
same mouth. He left this country, 1 believe, in
the early part of the year 1794; and, what would
now be considered remarkable, he was Chief
Justice of the United States, and did not resign
that office, but held it all the time of his absence
abroad, and resigned it some time after he re-
turned home. His successor was appointed the
1st of July, 1795.
What- i wish particularly, however, to say is,
in regard to the question put to me by my honor-
able fnend from New Hampshire, yesterday, and
answered by me. As the report appeared this
morning, I did not at all understand the honorable
member from New, Hampshire, as to the question
which he wished to put. lie says, as reported:
" I understood him [that's myself] to place the obligation
of this Government to receive lour new States into the Union,
to be formed out ot the Territory of Texas, on the ground
that it was a compact which had heen loruied with Texas.
The question that I wish to propo-e, with great deference
and respect, is this: I rdiould he glad it the honoiable Sen  -
tor from Massachusetts would give an answer to it as a
lawyer: Do. s he believe that it w<v* competent for the two
Hou>e- of Congress, by joint resolution, to enter into a com-
pact with a foreign nation? Wouldsuch acompactbe bind-
ing? Would it,not be unconstitutional and void—a usurpa-
tion ot the ticaty-making power, which vested by the
Constitution in the Piesident and two-thirds oftl.is body?"
| I onlywish now, sir, to guard against any mis-
take or misapprehension, and for that purpose say,
that as an original question, I have always enter-
tamed, and often expiessed, the opinion, that the
j formation of new States, or their adoption into the
Union, out of territory not belonging to the United
States, was not in the contemplation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, although it had seemed
to be so in the contemplation of the States of the
old Confederation, at least so far as regarded
Canada.
I wish to say, in the next place, that after the
acquisition of Louisiana, I considered this a settled
question, and have always acted upon it accord-
ingly.
1 wish to say, in the third place, that I do sup-
pose, and always have supposed, that the appro-
priate mode of acquiring that territory was, by the
exercise of the tieaty-making power; and 1 en-
joined my friends, so far as I hud occasion—being
men out of Congress—to urge, on all necessaiy
occasions, the exemse of this power, lP anything
was to be done in the matter. 1 thought, and 1
still think, that it i& not in the spirit of the Consti-
tution to can y on correspondence and enter into
contracts with foreign Powers through the medium
of legislative acts, reciprocal or mutual. But then,
that, I have now to say, is not the only way in
which contracts have been entered into between
this Government and others—I mean, that such
contracts or stipulations have been made by legis-
lative acts. The leading instance is that which
was called Mr. McLane'a arrangement, by which
a conditional act, regulating commerce, was passed
by the British Parliament; and another condi-
| tional act, regulating commerce, was also passed by
i the Congiess of the United States; and under the
j conditions of those two acts, a compact was made
- with England by the force of legislation. All I
I wish to say at present, however, is to guard
I against any inference, which might otherwise be
drawn, to the contiary of what I now state.
! MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
, Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition of
i Thomas Colling, and fifty-four other citizens of
: the United States, setting fmth the advantages
I of cheap postage in Gi eat Britain, and uigmg upon
; Congress the passage of a law reducing the rates
i of postage to two cents on all prepaid letters, not
j exceeding half an ounce; which was lefened to
j the Committee on the Post-Office and Post Roads.
| Mr. PRATT pie&ented a petition, very numer- j
i ously signed by citizens of different towns and
j counties of the State ot Maryland, representing
j that the subject of cheap postage has been so
I widely conmiieied among the people, and its re-
| suits in Great Britain for ten years have been so
j successful, that they earnestly ask Congress to
| grant the same benefit by establishing a uniform
; rate of two cents on all prepaid letters of half an
\ ounce; which wasreferied to the Committee on
! the Post-Office and the Po3t Roads.
;i Also, a memorial of William S. McPherson, !
j trustee of Lewis North, asking indemnity for >,
j French spoliations prior to 1*00; which was re- \\
j erred to the select committee on the subject. !:
| Mr. MASON piesented the memorial of Benja- !
, min Moore, late mastei-armorer of the United !
i States armory at Harper's Ferry, asking compen-
sation for his services, and for improvements made
I by him in machines and tools used in the manu-
j faeture and repair of firearms; which was referred
| to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the report of the acting Commissioner of
the General Land-Office of January 1, 1847, in relation to
damages sustained by the puichasers ot certain'public
lands, by reason of the eironeous or talse and hauduient
surveys thereof, be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Corwin, on the 4th instant, was taken up and
adopted:
R>'8olved, The fhe Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and piopriety of provid-
ing by law for the payment 10 the Winnebago Indians of
the sum « f twelve thousand dollars, with interest from
March, 1843, alleged to have been paid wionglulJy to the
heirs of James McFarlane.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Yulee on the 4th of February, was taken up and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands in-
quire into ihe propriety ot providing a compensation to the
registers and receivers in the Newnanavillc and St. Augus-
tine land di tricts, lot their services under the act to provide
tor the armed occupation of Florida.
COMMITTEE TO PREPARE A COMPROMISE.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope not to interfere with any
urgent business which any member of the Senate
wishes to bring forward this morning, when I state
that I wish to have some action upon a subject" to
which I have before called the attention of the
Senate. I feel confident that the motion intro-
duced some days ago, based on the resolutions of
the honoroble Senator from Tennessee, can be
taken up and disposed of m a very lew minutes,
if gentlemen will act with their accustomed cor-
diality on such occasions. I vish, therefoie, to
renew my motion, heretofore made, and which is
in writing in the hands of the Clerk. With that
object, 1 move that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolutions of the honorable Sen-
ator f'-om Tennessee.
Mr. BALDWIN. I wish to inquire if that
resolution was not laid upon the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was submitted,
and lies on the table under the rule.
Mr. BALDWIN. 1 understand the object of
the motion made by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi is, to take up these resolutions at this
time, with a view of moving to refer them to a
sectional committee, consisting of a certain num-
ber of members from the North and an equal
number from the South, for the purpose of ad-
justing all the questions which have been agitated
before tlie country, and debated in the Senate, in
connection with the proposition which is pending
here upon the recommendation of the President
for the admission of California as a State. I am
utterly opposed, sir, to taking up these resolutions
for any such purpose, because they are not, in my
opinion, topics which can belegitimately connected
with the proposition submitted by the message of the
President. What, sir, is the state of that propo-
sition ? The President has submitted to Congiess
the Constitution prepared by the people of Cali-
fornia, and has recommended Congress to admit
California as a State. A motion has been made
alieady to submit thatmessage, and the considera-
tion ot the constitution accompanying it, to the
Committee on the Territories, with instructions to
that committee to report a bill in conformity with
the recommendation of the President lor the ad-
mission of California as a State. That presents,
m my judgement, a question standing by itself,
which ought to be considered by itself, and deci-
ded upon its own merits by the Senate, irrespective
of the views that may be entertained by Senators
from different sections of the country, in regard to
other matteis which have been brought into dis-
cussion before the Senate.
Sir, the people of California have come here
claiming a right—a right secured to them by the
tieaty with Mexico, by which we acquired a title
to this territory. This, sir, is their claim. By
the stipulation of that treaty, they were entitled to
admission into this Union, with all the privileges
of members of this Union, at the proper time, to
be judged of by Congress, and in the mean time
were to be secured in the enjoyment of all their
rights, their liberty, and their property.
Mr. KING. 1 do not wish to interrupt the hon-
orable Senator, but the subject-matter of the reso-
lutions is not under consideration, and it is not m
order to go into a discussion of the general matters
connected with the resolutions on a mere question
