1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
to take up the resolutions. When the Senate de-
cides to take them up, we shall have the whole
matter before us; and 1 hope we shall not engage
in discussing them till that time.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 would inquire if this matter
is in order now, and if an objection to their consid-
eration would not cause them to lie over?
Mr. KING. Not at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the
opinion that it is not in order at this time. In the
mean tinfe the rules are, that petitions may be pre-
sented.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I object to considering
them until petitions are presented.
Mr. KING. I do not know how the Chair can
decide that it is in order or not, unless some gentle-
men gets up to present petitions or reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
making the objection ; it was put to the Chair.
Mr. DICKINSON. If I understand it, this
matter is still on the table, and it is quite clear that
it cannot be discussed while it is on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is, whether the Senate will take it up for considera-
tion.
Mr. BALDWIN. I supposed that, as the hon-
orable Senator had been permitted, by the general
indulgence of the Senate, to state on a former oc-
casion, somewhat at large, the reasons which in-
duced him to make the proposition, it might be
within the same rule of indulgence to say some-
thing in reply. 1 submit, however.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not say a word on the
merits of the question.
Mr. BALDWIN. He did not to-day; but I
understood the Senator to speak of this proposi-
tion, in connection with the whole question before
the Senate, on a previous occasion. But I acqui-
esce in the opinion expressed by members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
as to the propriety of taking it up—nothing else.
• Mr. BALDWIN. That was the very question
,1 was coming to.
Mr. FOOTE. That is not the question he was
considering; he was discussing the merits of a
general plan of settlement. If he perseveres, I
shall certainly call him to order.
Mr. BALDWIN. I will state the course of
my intended remarks.
Mr. MAN6UM. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to know whether this matier lies on the
table by a vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not—it lies
over under the rule.
Mr. BALDWIN. The question lies over
under the rule. A motion is made to take it up,
for the purpose of moving the reference of these
resolutions to a sectional committee, who are to
consider all the questions relerred to in these reso-
lutions—the question of the admission ot Califor-
nia—the question in regard to fugitive slaves—
every question, in short, which has been brought
into discussion before the Senate, in connection
with the subject of slavery, a'nd to report upon
these in the aggregate. Now, sir, 1 am opposed
to taking up these resolutions for any such Pul"~
pose. I am opposed to taking them up at all
at this time, when the question of the admission
of California is presented to us on its own merits,
upon the recommendation of the President, anu
the proposition of the honorable Senator fiom
Missouri, to refer them to a committee, wnli In-
structions, has been the subject of debate from
(lay to day. Now, we aie called, pending the
debates upon that question, to admit—what 1, tor
one, am unwilling to admit—that this, or any other
question pending befoie the Senate or Congress
of the United States, is to be regarded as a sec-
tional question, a question not to be decided upon
the principles of compromise, settled by our lathers
in the Constitution.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order. 1 in-
sist that the honorable Senator is out of order. He
is discussing the general merits of this proposition.
The simple question befoie the Senate is, whether
the resolutions shall be now taken up for consid-
eration. A member is entitled to state any reasons
m opposition to taking them up, but to go into a
eeneial discussion of ihe merits of all the piopo-
fitions connected with the subject of slavery, is
as grossly unpailiamentary as any thing which 1
^Mr^BALDWIN. I will waive any further re-
marks at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only question
is, will the Senate proceed to the consideration of
these resolutions ?
Mr. HALE. I have a reason to suggest, with
all deference, why the Senate should not now pro-
ceed to the consideration of these resolutions; and
1 shall confine myself strictly to it. The honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote.] the
other day, when he introduced these resolutions,
stated, that it was done after consultation with, and
with the concurrence of, " nearly every leading
member" of the Senate. Well, now, sir, I do not
know how many leaders we have got. I do not
know 
Mr. FOOTE. I did not intend to include
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I know that. I did not suppose
Ihe honorable Senator did, because I had not been
conferred with; and perhaps the Senator from
Mississippi knows enough of me, to know that,
while I do not pretend to be a leader, I would not
exactly be among the led. Butl w-as going,to say,
that it seems tlieie are some leaders lhat have not
been consulted. Now, 1 want to ask 
Mr. FOOTE. Who are they ?
Mr. HALE. I don't know who they are. You
said nearly all; evidently, therefore, implying, that
some of the leaders had not been consulted.
[Laughter.] But what 1 rise for now is, merely as
to a question of fact, which has reference to the
question immediately before the Senate; and 1
want to inquire if those leading members, that
have been consulted and have concuiiedin this
measuie, have also been consulted and have con-
curred til the appointment of this committee: be-
cause a friend has put into my hand a Utile para-
graplftaken from the Washington correspondence
of a distant newspaper, which reads as lollows:
It is headed " The Committee on Senator Foote's
Compiomise," in large capitals—no, 1 should
say in small capitals. [Laughter.]
"The loltowini! aie the tuning ul the committee of thir-
ttieen on Mr. I note's pioiio&ition. Mt. Clay, elianinaii,
Mu-ms. Wotiiler, l'lielp-, Cooper, Cas-, Dickinson,
Du(Ue, jr., Mason, fc-oul«, Bullei, Matiguin, Bell, and
Btimen."
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will give way for a moment, I will answer
the question, and save debate.
Mr. HALE. Tne question cannot be answered
till it is all put; when i get through the question,
1 will give way. 1 was going to suggest that those
leadeis who had been consulted, had resolved
themselves into a committee of the whole, for,
with the exception of the honorable Senator fiom
Mississippi—whom we have always looked to as
a leader, and whom the counuy has always looked
to as a leader, with this e&cepuon—almost every,
body heie, that would be tailed a leading Senator,
leading Whig, or leading Democrat 
Mr. FOOTE. My name is not there.
Mr. HALE. No; I know it. I say that, with
the exception of the Senator from Mississippi,
neaily all the leading Senators aie on this com-
mittee. And now, sir, my question'is, whether
" the leading Senalois" have itsolvtd themselves
into a committee of the whole? because, if they
have, theie is no necessity lor the rest ot us doing
anything. Let them sit 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable benator
allow me to say a word, to save debate?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; ceriamly.
Mr. FOOTE. I stated to linn distinctly that
there had been no general consultation of the kind.
The names of the gentlemen, ]ust read, ceitamly
have been suggested m various quartcis. 'There
has been no consultation; there has been no gen-
eral agreement that these shall be the names. ]
TheseDnames have been suggested certainly, and
would be acceptable to me; buL there are other
names which may be suggested. There has been
no such compact at all. The honorable gentleman
knows himself that there has been no committee
raised; they are to be voted upon yet by ballot.
I ask htm, then, if he deems it delicate, liberal,
and courteous, to intioduce a paragraph ot this sort
to embariass and harass hisbiother (Senators with
suggestions so unseemly ?
Mr. HALE. I was not aware that 1 was ha-
rassing anybody, for I saw a smile on the coun-
tenance of all tne leading gentlemen. 1 supposed
they were gratified rather than haiassed. Cer-
tainly it was not my intention to harass them.
• Mr. FOOTE. It somewhat harassed myself.
Mr. HALE. That must have been because
the honorable Senator from Mississippi was not
among the leading thirteen.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I am weary of this
nonsense.
Mr. HALE. I was going on to say, that the
honorable Senator from Mississippi tells me that
this committee has not been regularly acted upon
by the Senate. I know something else, too; I
know how all the committees were fixed; not in
this Senate chamber—in this room—but in some of
the other rooms of the Senate; and they were
simply announced here, and brought into this
body, I suppose, by some of the leading Senators.
There can be no doubt as to this; and one of these
leading Senators, whose name is in this list of
thirteen, stood up as drill-sergeant, and announced
to this body what the leaders had determined upon
at their little informal meeting. Sir, the honorable
Senator from Mississippi cannot tell me that these
little informal meetings do the business of the
country, and that we only come in here to put it
in form, and place it on the journal. Sir, 1 am
answered; and I think the country is answered.
The honorable Senator says there has been no
regular formal meeting.
Mr. FOOTE. There has been no formal meet-
ing—nothing like an extended conference—so far
as I know. These names have been Suggested
among others; but there is no agreement that these
should be the names.
Mr. HALE. That is the fault I find with it—that
it has been limited to the leaders, and not extended
enough.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator will bear
with me while I state, that there were no leaders
consulted about the names of the committee. I
certainly did consult with gentlemen of high stand-
me;, as to the propriety of proposing such a
committee ; but as to the names, the honorable
Senator must have surely seen that 1 did not inti-
mate that leading gentlemen had been consulted.
The honorable Senator is running away with an
idea which is totally unfounded, and is attempting
to amuse himself, the Senate, anil the country, m
a manner which is extremely unprofitable to us all.
Mr. HALE. 1 have got ail the information I
wanted, except that I should like to know who
" the leaders" are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
taking tip these lesoluttons.
Mr HALE and Mr. CHASE called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered, and being
taken, resulted as follows :
YEAS—IVTcssis. Atchison, liadger, Bell, Bernen, Brad-
hmv Ca s, Clay, Clemens, JJavw of Mi*.sisH|i|ii, Dawson,
Dickinson Dod^e of Iowa, Downs Foote, liuuter, Joues,
King, M.iuguuj, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Kusk, ESeoasuan,
alNAYiri—Meters. Baldwin, Benton, Butler, Calhoun,
Cha-e Clark, Coiwin, ilavis of Mas=a<Imseits, Dayton,
Dodge ol W'l^eim&ll!, Feleh, Uieene, Hale, Hamlin, Flreips,
■Seward, Shields, Smith, Underwood, Upluui, VI uiliei, and
Yulto—92.
So the resolutions were taken up for considera-
tion and read. [The resolutions are the same as
published on page 439 of this work.]
Mr. FOOTE. 'I now move that these resolu-
tions be l-efeired to a select committee of thirteen,
to consist of ux members from the South and six
from the North, and one to be by them chosen;
and that said committee be instructed to exeit
themselves to mature some scheme of compio-
mise for the adjustment of all pending questions
growing out of ihe institution of slavery, and to
report by bill or otheiw^e.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears to ihe
Chan, that this motion, in pait, is not in order, in-
asmuch as the rules prescribe how a committee
shall be elected. This resolution seems to con-
templae that a portion of this committee shall be
elected by the Senate, and a portion by the com-
mittee itself. The Chair will read the rule, and
submit himself to the guidance of the faenatc.
« In the appointment of the standing committees the Sen-
it* will nrocefd ! V ballot, *eveiall.v to appoint lac chair-
man ol cuh commute, .md then by one_ ballihe ot her
menibeia necessary to conMjU.U- t.!0 >ann., dud a maj y
„t rh« whole number ol votes giv< u >hall b< m
the^ciloiVe ol" the clmtrinan of a etaadu.n committee. All
na i «in i« •' •  •   - . ,
other committee* -hall be app-nnlcd by bunul, and a pi a-
ral.ty of votes shall make a choice.
Mr. FOOTE. I will save further trouble on
that matter, as we all understand the character of
the committee. I will, therefore, withdraw that
motion, and wilt now simply move that this sub-
