510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
ject be referred to a committee of thirteen, to be
appointed by ballot.
The VICE PRESIDENT then stated the ques-
tion, as modified by Mr. Foote.
Mr. BERRIEN, I rise to say that I suppose
the objection suggested by the Chair does not pre-
sent the question of order to the consideration of
the Senate, but the question as to the adoption of
the resolution upon its merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state, that the motion appears to be in
conflict with the ruies.
Mr. BERRIEN. If the resolution be taken up
for consideration, it is subject to modification either
by the mover or by the action of the Senate, in
such way as to make it conform to the rule; and
that reflection, I think, will satisfy the Chair, that
the objection is not. one of order under the rules,
but one which may be decided by the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will persevere m his modifica-
tion, which he has last suggested; for, really, I
should, for one, be extremely unwilling, in the
constitution of a committee, or in any other act of
•this body, to give them a sectional aspect of any
sort. I think, therefore, that the proposition as
made by the Senator from Mississippi, m the fi«st
instance, but which he now proposes to modify,
was exceptionable, whether liable to the objection
named by the Chair, or not; and 1 am rather in-
clined to differ with my friend near me, [Mr.
Berrien,] and to think that it is liable to the ob-
jection. While i am up, I beg leave to say a
word or two; and, first, in regard to the constitu-
tion of the committee, if this proposition should
be adopted as the Senator from Mississippi pro-
poses. Sir, I had nothing to do with it. I was
not consulted in relation to any member whatever
to be placed on that committee. The Senator from
Mississippi, in that kind and friendly manner in
which intercourse with him has been generally
carried on, mentioned tne purpose winch he had
in view in proposing the appointment of a com-
mittee of thirteen, in imitation of what was done
in a most memorable epoch of the country, and
asked me if 1 would concur in such a measure. 1
stated to the Senator, what I wish now to state to
the Senate, that I considered an amicable adjust-
ment' of all the questions which unfortunately di-
vide and agitate this country, as of such great and
paramount importance, that 1 will vote for any
proposition, coming from any quarter, which looks
to. or proposes such an ad justment. That is the ob-
ject which I understand the honorable gentleman
from Mississippi proposes to accomplish. I am, I
must add, at the same time, however, far less san-
guine than he is, that such a commute will beable to
present to the Senate a scheme of adjustment and
aricingement of this unhappy subject, which will
command the majority ; still I would make the ex-
periment, and 1 would make experiments day after
day, and night after night, if necessary, to accom-
plish the great and patriotic object to which I refer.
With regard to the formation of the committee, 1
dare say the honorable Senator from Mississippi
may have consulted with other gentlemen, but I
certainly was not consulted. With reference to
the appearance of this subject in the newspapers,
I think, that upon these grave and important mat-
ters, we ought not to allow ourselves to be too
easily and lightly affected by trivial circumstances.
1 beg leave to .-state, that upon the other memorable
occasion to which I have referred, 1 made out the
committee of thirteen, and put it into the hands of
the then Speaker, and he appointed every member
I proposed. In reference to the second committee,
the joint committee on the part of the House and
an appropriate number on the part of the Senate—
on all sides of the House, members came flocking
aiound me, begging that i would makeacommittee
to be balloted for by the House. I accordingly
turned my attention to the subject, and determined
on the twenty-three names, and caused them to be
distributed by the officers throughout the Huuse,
and eighteen were elected at the first ballot, and
the other five, who had the highest number, each
having a plurality, were on my motion elected,
further balloting being dispensed with. I thmk
these little matters in the newspapers—how they
get there, I do not know—our conversations in so-
cial intercourse, about the constitution of a commit-
tee, our arrangements about the disposition of the
public business, and especially arrangements about
the disposition of that great and momentous sub-
ject which now engages our attention, ought not
to be caught at, criticised, and examined, for the
purpose of injuring the great work which we all
have at heart, and about whiGh we ought all toco-
operate.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to be misunder-
stood, so far as regards my course on this subject.
I never have said that I was opposed to such a com-
mittee, permanently, nor do I rise to say it now,
or to make any strictures on the mode of organ-
izing the committee, as suggested by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi. Committees of all
kinds are usually made up in the way which he
has indicated. But, Mr. President, I have an ob-
jection to this committee being organized at this
time, and I persevere m that objection; for I take
it that if the committee is now organized as con-
templated, there must be referred to it the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Tennessee, and that of
the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator bear
with me while,I state, that the resolution is so
worded that the resolutions of the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee are alone to be referred to that
committee. I stated distinctly that the object was
to allow the debate to go on upon the other ques-
tions; and permit me further to say, that if we can
get a plan tor a general adjustment—as I have no
doubt we can—the debate now in progress on the
various resolutions, can have further progress on
the practical plan to be proposed, and can be much
more profitably carried on than now.
Mr. BUTLER. Then I am to understand the
honorable Senator as only intending to refer the
resolutions of the Senator from Tennessee. He
must see very readily that the other gentlemen
will move to refer their resolutions to the same
committee immediately. I will answer forlt, that
they will severally make such a motion as soon as
the committee is raised. The Senator from Mis-
souri will doubtless move to refer his proposition,
and theie can be as little doubt that the Senator
from New Hampshire will move to lefer his Wil-
mot proviso. The committee will go there with
instructions, and thus trammelled 
Mr. FOOTE. While I move to refer the res-
olutions of the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, I expressly propose that this committee shall
investigate the whole subject, and endeavor to pro-
pose some plan for the adjustment of the whole
matter. They will consider the subject m all the
bearings and aspects wnich it presents. I cannot
see any necessity to oppose it. Certainly, if a
motion were made here to refer the Wilmot pro-
viso to a committee of compromise, it would be so
absurd a proposition, that every man of sense
would vote it down at once.
Mr. BCJTLER. I shall sit down with a single
remaik. Though I am not ultimately opposed to
the committee, 1 would prefer that it should be
made up after the discussion. That has been my
view. I would not interfere with any suggestion
of this kind from any opposition to what may be
supposed a satisfactory, and, I hope, an honorable
adjustment of this matter; but I must be permit-
ted to say, thut when 1 hear the word compro-
mise used so often, and seeallthc motions of com-
promise coming from one source—the South—not
one proposed from the other portions of this Con-
federacy, except so far as the very honorable feel-
ing which has been indicated by the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts—I have some little
fear on the subject, and am afraid that any prop-
osition, brought in by such a committee, would be
liable to many objections, and might go forth to
the public rather as a source of irritation than of
pacification.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a few words upon
this subject; but as the hour for proceeding to the
order of the day has arrived, and as 1 am unwill-
ing to trespass upon the time of the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Turkey,] I move
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed till half-past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The question was then taken on the motion to !
postpone, and it was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE.
• The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, being the series of resolutions sub-
mitted by Mr. Clay on the 25th of January.
Mr. TURNEY, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for two hours. [Of his
speech, a report will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr". BADGER next obtained the floor, and
moved that the further consideration of the subject
be postponed to Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
INDEX OP LAWS AND TREATIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication from the Secretary
of the Senate:
Office or the Secretary of the Senate,
Mosd.it, March J1, 1850.
The Secretary of the Senate has tiie honor to report, that
the synoptical index to the laws anil treaties of the United
States, which, by a resolution of ihc 11th Januarj, 1849, he
was iirected to have prepared, has been completed, and is
now submitted, tn executing tills work, the foimer index
lias been verified and'corrected ; the new matter incorpo-
rated with the old, and relerenees made throughout ihe
whole, to the edition of the Ijrfvs published by liioren &.
Iliiane, with its continuation to 3d Mareli, 184.?; to the edi-
tion of the statutes at laise, published by J.ittl'' & Blown,
to the same period, and to the pamphlet laws subsequently
published under the autltonty of the Department of State, to
the end ofthe last session of Congress.
itfl of which is respectfully submitted.
ASKUltY DICKINS,
Secretary of ike Senate,
Hon. Millard Fim.moke,
Vice President U. S. and President Senate.
Mr. BENTON. 1 believe that ts a work which
has been done under an order of the Senate,
passed at the last session, on my motion. It was
done by Mr. Harris Heap, a gentleman of great
intelligence and great assiduity. I believe the
former work, which lacks a great deal of being as
large as this, as there was only an index of a sin-
gle edition, took about three years to ptepare.
This is a double edition, and is much larger, and
is double indexed, and synoptical,and is complete
throughout, and was made in the short space of
one year. The printing of it is now the only
question, Mr. President, and I am unwilling to
have it printed as a mere document. I move that
it he on the table for the present, that we may
consider upon some way of having it printed uni-
form with the principal edition of the laws of the
United States of Little & Brown, to which it has
a reference. In getting it printed, the object will
be, to have it done in such a way that the people
can get it without being supplied by the Senate.
After the Senate have undertaken to furnish them-
selves and the other House, let the booksellers
who have made the editions to the laws, supply the
rest. For the present, I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate then proceeded to the
consideration of Executive business; and, after
some time spent therein, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 13,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMAS called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER announced it to be the call of
the committees for reports.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BOYD requested the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. 1 homas] to waive his motion for a
few moments, to enable him (Mr. B.) to ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to in-
troduce at this time, with a view to have laid upon
the table and printed, the memorial of the dele-
gates of California and the constitution of the
people of California, together with the credentials
of Messrs. Wright and Gilbert, who bad been
elected to represent that State in this House. His
object, he said, was simply to introduce these
papers, as he had stated. He hoped no objection
would be made, and that the memorial be allowed
to take the course which he had suggested.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. WENTWOiiTH was understood to in-
quire, whether the constitution had not already
gone to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
Mr. BOYD. I propose to introduce the cre-
dentials of Messrs. Wright and Gilbert, who have
been elected Representatives from California, on
this floor, together with the constitution of Cali-
fornia, and a memorial signed by all the delegates
from California, asking that the State may be ad-
mitted into the Uniou.
Mr. ASHMUN presumed, he said, that there
