'Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Aug, 19,
A
Mr, CLEMENS presented a preamble and res-
olutions of a public meeting held at Cahaba, Dallas
county, Alabama, approving the address of the
Nashville Convention; winch was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition signed by
sixty-eight citizens of Trenton, in the State of
New Jersey, in favor of two cents postage on all
prepaid letters; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the pe-
tition of M. Jean Deplaigne, a French subject, re-
siding in Mexico, asking indemnity for the loss of
certain property seized by the naval force of the
United States, after the surrender of Fronteva de
Tabasco, in Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SOXJLE presented a memorial signed by
citizens of the town of Fremont, county of Yolo,
in California, asking that Benicia be made a port
of entry, on account of its good and safe harbor,
its relative position to the northern and southern
mines, and because it will greatly promote the
interests of the mining population, and the general
commercial interests of California; which was re-
ferred to the 'ComtTiittee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of merchants, landholders,
and other citizens of Sacramento city, California,
for the same object, setting forth that it would
greatly promote the interest and convenience of
the mining population of California; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, from merchants and other citizens of the
town ofVernon, asking that Benicia may be made
a port of entry; which was referred to the Com-
-mittee on Commerce.
Also, from merchants apd other citizens of Mays-
ville, situated on the upper waters of the Sacra-
mento river, showing that the entire commerce
around them is carried on in vessels too small to
navigate the bays of San Francisco and San Pablo
with safely, and asking that Benicia be made a
port of entry; which was referred to the Committee
.on Commerce.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Duff
Green and Benjamin E. Green, asking that certain
amounts of money, belonging to certain Cherokee
Indians formerly residing in the State of North
'Carolina; be retained in the Treasury to pay cer-
tain fees due them for the prosecution of the claims
of said Cherokee Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented a memorial from the Sac-
ramento and Sierra Nevada railroad company,
asking to be allowed the right of preemption to
the lands lying on the route of a raihoad which
they propose to construct from Sacramento city to
the foot of the Sierra Nevada mountains, in Cali-
fornia; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT,
Ortlnal, That the petition of liebecca Blight, widow of
Jacob,Blight, Oil I Ik; liles 01 the Senate, be referred to the
Commillec on Naval Aflan.s.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
the citizens of the Cherokee nation of Indians
now residing in the State of Texas, asking that
they may not be excluded from the benefit of the
■ treaty with the Cherokee nation, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the delegates of the Wy-
andot nation of Indians, asking indemnity for the
non-fulfilment of the treaty stipulations contained
in the 5th article of the treaty of 1842, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill tcf limit the term of office of the three Assist-
ant Postmasters General, reported back the same
without amendment, and recommended its pas-
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Commerce
to which were referred the several memorials ask-
ing the establishment of ports of entry m Califor-
nia, reported a bill to create collection districts in
California; which was read and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
[The bill provides for the establishment of ports
pf entry at San Diego, Monterey, and Benicia.]
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred %the bill to provide
for raising ten additional regiments of cavalry, re-
ported back the same with an amendment, accom-
panied by a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Theodore JE. Elliot, asking payment for a boat
sold to R. M. Butler, the Indian agent, reported a
bill for his relief, and asked the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider it at once.
No objection bein® made, the bill was consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole, and no amend-
ment having been proposed, it was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution,
which w9s considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads beinstructed to inquire into the expediency of esrab-
Ihhmi.' a post-roatefinm the countvseat of Madison comity,
virr Montpelier via Watlanab, Wheeling's Ford, Camp-
hell's Grove, rndian'own,arid Hnntsville, to St. Francis, all
in Jowa ; also, from Vinton, m Black Hawk countj, to the
Upper Rapids, on Cedar river.
ELECTRO-MAGNETISM.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Retolretl, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
report to the Senate the results of the experiments in'elec-
tro-magnetism as a motive power, authorized to he made
by Ptofessor Page under an appiopriation ofth*1 last fission
of Congress, and under the supervision of the Secretary of
the Navy,
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
payment of Indian volunteers called into the ser-
vice of the United States; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the re-
lief of Maria Taylor; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private1 Land Claims.
MILITARY AUTHORITY IN TERRITORIES.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Cass, was taken up for consideration:
Revolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed tn inquire nun the expediency ot: prohibiting by
law any officer of the nrmy from assuming or exercising
vvitlnn the limits of the United Stales any civil power or
authority not conferiod by ;m act of Congress, and of pro-
viding an adequate punishment for such offences.
On motion try Mr. CASS, it was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
CAPTAIN LEWIS WARRINGTON.
The hill for the relief of Captain Lewis War-
rington and others came up as a special order.
At the request of Mr. BADGER, the report in
this case, which he made from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, was read by the Secretary.
There being no proposition to amend, the bill
was reported to the Senate, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill to cede the public lands of the United
States to the States respectively in which they are
situated, on condition that the said States shall
severally grant and convey the said lands to actual
occupants only in limited quantities for cost of sur-
vey, transfer, and title muniments merely, came
up in its order.
On the motion of Mr. WALKER, in conse-
quence of the absence of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, the further consideration
of the bill was postponed to Monday next; and it
was made the special order for that day.
INTERCOURSE WITH INDIANS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, then
proceeded to the consideration of "A bill to ex-
tend the benefits of the 17th section of the act to
regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to
preserve peace on the frontiers, approved June 3,
1834, to the people of the State of Texas and
others."
Mr. MASONf When that bill was up a few
days ago, I listened with good deal of attention, to
the remarks which were made by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Ewing;] and from what I then heard,
1 was far from being satisfied-with the provisions
of this bill. They depart, manifestly, from the 1
rules adopted in the law organizing our intercourse *
with Indian tribes, and paying indemnities for ":
depredations committed under that law, and ma|r
involve the country in serious expense in paying ( i
indemnities, when it is altogether out of the power ' '
of the United States to prevent depredations of 5
that liind. I would sub'mit, therefore, to the Sen- i
ator who has charge of this bill, whether it would ^
not be better to let it pass over until the Senatpr
from Ohio may be here? If it is now acted upoli,
I shall be under the necessity of voting against it. -o
Mr. ATCHISON. The objection of the Sen-
ator from Ohio was this: that the Government of
the United States had no control or jurisdiction -
over Indians -in Texas, and, therefore, cannot bp
responsible for depredations committed by them.
Sir, I admit that there is some force in the argu-
ment, if it be a fact that there are Indians there
over which the Government of the United States
has not jurisdiction. To obviate, therefore, the
objection of the Senator from Ohio, I propose to
amend the bill in the fourth line, after the words,
" and the United States," by inserting the words,
" under its jurisdiction." If these words are in-
serted, there will be no doubt, so far as the objec-
tion raised by the Senator from Ohio may go.
The United States, in that ease, will be only re-
sponsible for depredations committed by Indiana
under their control and jurisdiction. To obviate
the objection of the Senator from Ohio, I therefore?
propose that amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is an amendment of
mine to that effect, which I offeied the other day,
and in which I wish to make a verbal alteration;
that is, to insert the word "and " in place of the
word "or." . •
The modification was agreed to by unanimous
consent, and the amendmentwas read as modified.
Mr. ATCHISON. That answers the purpose.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish to remark that the
principle which has hitherto regulated our Indian
intercourse has been, that where the United States
has owed them annuities, the United may offset to
these annuities any injuries they may commit. I
would suggest whether this principle would not
meet the case, and leave out of the question any
difficulty as to whether such tribes were under our
jurisdiction or not. It certainly would be agree-
ably to the principle of the law under which we
have always acted.
Mr. ATCHISON. The existing law goes one
step further. If depredations are committed by -
Indians who do not receive annuities, the United
States grants payment for these depredations.
These indemnities are paid out of the Treasury of
the United States.
Mr. CASS. 1 am perfectly aware of that; but
the difficulty in this case is, that these Indians live
in Texas, and are under the jurisdiction of that
State. Now, if we are owing annuities to Indians
living within the State of Texas, that would not ,
prevent us from making an offset to these annui-
ties for the depredations they may commit.
Mr. RUSK. This bill only extends to Texas
the benefits of the law as it is now extended to
other sections of the country. There are portions *
of the Indians that belong to the United States. "!
They are not properly there; they do not belong
to that soil, and have no'claim there. There are
several tribes to whom annuities are paid; and
those Indians who have committed depiedationa
arethose who do not properly belong to Texas.
This bill proposes to extend the benefits of the in-
tercourse law of 1834 to Texas, which law now
pays indemnities for depredations committed by
Indians, whether those Indians receive annuities
or not.
Mr." JONES. Mr. President, I find that the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs is '*
mistaken as to the provisions of the law of 1834.
I have before his committee now two petitions
from constituents of mine,\ (Messrs. James M.
Marsh, of Dubuque, Iowa, and George Berry, of
Lee county, Iowa,) who have been robbed within
the last year or two by the Sioux of Minnesota,
within the limits of the State of Iowa. The com-
mittee had heretofore refused to report a bill for
their relief, notwithstanding their petitions are
supported by the very best kind of proof that they
were robbed by these Indians within the limits of
the State of Iowa. The ground of refusal was
that no annuities were due to these Indians. Now,
