THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 20,
- whole bill, which afterbein^ read, a debate ensued,
in which Messrs. MASON, DAYTON, BER-
RIEN, WINTHROP, BUTLER, WALES,
WALKER, UNDERWOOD, DAVIS of Missis-
sippi, and CHASE, took part. Several proposi-
tions to amend the substitute were offered, and
rejected; and without coming' to any conclusion
the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
[A full report of the proceedings will apgear in
the Appendix.]
SUPPLEMENTARY CENSUS ACT.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the House
amendments to the supplementary census act.
The amendments were read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to disagree to
the amendments, and will briefly state their opera-
tion. The. first amendment they, propose is to
strike out part of %the tyill. We say that-the inhab-
itants of California, Utah, and so forth, are to have
gone there before the first of June, and to have
been settled since that time in the Territory, and
to have gone there with the intention to become
permanent citizens. The words, " permanent
-citizens," &c., are stricken out by the House.
The effect of that will be to count the persons who
go there, twice; once before they stare, and once
whilst in the Territory. The next amendment is
to strick out the rate of compensation that we fixed
upon, and give ten cents a page, without saying;
anything1 about the size of the page; and thus
putting it in the power of the parties to make the
"page as small as they please. That will not do.
The other amendment is that the Secretary of the
Interior be allowed to extend the time for taking the
census of these Territories till the first of January,
1851, in fany district in which it cannot be done
sooner. I do not know that there is any practi-
cal objection to that; but my friend on my left
[Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts,] thinks that would
Be the result without the amendment; and as we
are to have a committee of conference, we-may as
well disagree to this also.
Tiie question was then taken; and the amend-
ments of the House were disagreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, jSugust 20, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
_ On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, by unanimous consent, the papers in the
case of Elizabeth Herd -were withdrawn from the
committee to which they had been referred, with
a view to their reference to the War Department.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, by unani-
mous consent, it was ordered that the Speaker
supply the vacancy occasioned in the Committee
on Commerce by the resignation of Mr. Conrad.
RIGHTS OP DELEGATES.
Mr. THURSTON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present (he memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon,
praying donations of land, &c. °
Wo objection having- been made, the memorial
was presented.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Thurston.) What
disposition does the gentleman from Oregon pro-
pose to make of this memorial?
Mr. THURSTON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. A day or
two smce it was decided by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in affirmance of
a decision made by the chairman of that com-
mittee, that a Delegate from a Territory could not
make a motion. I suppose the decision includes
every motion. I desire to say that that decision
was made against my judgment; and in order that
J-JcfrgaiHS may understand what their rights
are in WBs House, I raise the question of order,
whether the Delegate from Oregon can make any
motion of reference to a committee?
Mr, ASHMUN. I do not understand the fact
to be as stated by the gentleman from Mississnpi,
|Mr. Ihompsos.] The Committee of the'Whole
on the state of the Union, decided that upon meas-
ures of general policy affecting all the States and
.territories of the Union, a Delegate could not
make a motion. The motion then made did not
refer, as the motion now made does, to matters
■affecting' purely the Territory which the gentle-
man from Oregon represents. The gentleman
from-Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] cannot, there-
fore, accomplish the object he has in view by
raising this question.
Mr. THOMPSON. The law allows a Delegate
to participate in debate, but not to vote. In my
opinion, however, the word " debate," under the
universal construction, gives a Delegate every
right which any other member of the House pos-
sesses, with the single exception of the right to
vote. He cannot vote on the yeas and nays, but
he can make a motion on every question. And I
insist, that if the gentleman can make a motion to
refer a memorial, he can make a motion on any
other'subject on which the House may be called
upon to act, and especially so, if it relates to the
interests of his own Territory.
Mr. STANLY interposed to a question of or-
der.
Mr. THOMPSON, of" Mississippi, said, he
merely desired to make a suggestion for the consid-
eration of the Sneaker.
The SPEAKER said, if objection was made, the
gentleman could not proceed.
Mr. STANLY objected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I consider
that the point I have raised decides the whole ques-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DUER, (to the Speaker.) Has objection
been made to the reception of the memorial offered
by the gentleman from Oregon ? [Mr. Thurston.]
The SPEAKER. The memorial was received
under the unanimous consent of the House, and
the gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Tiiurston]
moved that it be referred to the Committee on the
Territories. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Thompson] raises the point of order that a Dele-
gate from a Territory is not entitled to make a
motion, and, therefore, that the motion of refer-
ence made by the gentleman from Oregon is not in
order.
Mr. DUER. The memorial may no doubt be
presented, but I concur in the opinion that the
Delegate cannot move to refer it.
THE CENSUS.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, Esq , Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had disagreed to the amendments
of the House to the supplementary census bill.
RIGHTS OF DELEGATES. '
The SPEAKER. The point of order made by
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson]
has not, to the knowledge of the Chair, been de-
cided until a few days singe, when it was decided
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, if this were an original proposition pre-
sented for the first time, and if there were no rules
of the House which, in the opinion of the Chair,
controlled the question, the Chair would be
strongly inclined to coincide in the decision of the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in the construction of the law
of 1817, and which decision was sustained by the
committee. But the practice of the House for a
groat length of time, so far as the Chair has
any knowledge, has from the organization of the
territorial governments, been different. And, in
addition to this, (he rules of the House, in the
opinion of the Chair, expressly provide for mo-
tions to be made by the Delegates from the Ter-
ritories.
The twenty-sixth rule of the House provides
that 44 all the States and Territories shall be called
for resolutions on each alternate Monday during
each session of Congress." Now, if it is made
the duty of the Chair to call each Territory upon
each alternate Monday for resolutions, to what
purpose is the Territory so called? A Delegate
cannot rise and ask any other member to present
a resolution, because no member could offer it ex-
cept when his own State is cfilled. Unless the
Delegate is authorized to present a resolution,
when called, there con he no use in calling the
Teiritory. The Chair is of opinion, therefore,
that the> rule expressly provides that a Delegate
Siiali offer resolutions; and, so far as the rule or
the practice of the House is concerned, the Chair
can make no discrimination between a motion to
refer a proposition concerning the business of the
Delegate s own Territory, and a proposition con-
cerning the general business of the House. The
rule of the House is general, and the practice of
the House, so far as the Chair is acquainted with
it, has been general. The Chair, therefore, over-
rules the point of order of the' gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson.]
Mr. BURT (who was Chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union at
the time the decision on a former day was made)
said, that he felt it-due to the House to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. And the
appeal, he believed, was debatable.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is debatable-
Mr. BURT proceeded. 1 desire to say a very
few words in support of the appeal. The Speak-
er of the House and the House itself will re-
member, that the Constitution of the United States
provides that the House of Representatives shali
be composed of members chosen every two years
by the people of the several States; and that a
subsequent provision of the Constitution declares
that " each House shall keep a Journal of its pro-
ceedings, and from time to time publish the
4 same, excepting such parts as may in their judg-
' ment require secrecy." Now, I appteherd that
neither you, Mr. Speaker, nor any member of
this House, can suppose that a Delegate from a
Territory is a member of this House, within the
meaning of that provision of the Constitution
which J have read; and 1 desire to know, sir,
whether it is your practice, in making up the Jour-
nal of the House, to have entered upon it such
resolutions and motions as may be made by a Del-
egate from a Territory? i submit, with great re-
spect to the Chair, that it being the duty of the
Speaker to superintend the making up of the
Journal, it is an error to^enter upon it any motions
which may be made, or any resolutions which may
be offered by a Delegate. He is not a member of
the House. He is not one whose acts are to be
recorded upon that Journal for which provision is
made by the Constitution of the United States.
Some conversation followed between Mr.
CARTTER and the Speaker, as to the extent
of debate allowed by the appeal.
The SPEAKER having ruled the course of re-
maik of Mr. Burt to be in order—
Mr. BURT proceeded. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] certainly has very strange views
of the point of order, and of the appeal which has
resulted from it, if he does not perceive that the
appeal undoubtedly impugns the correctness of
the decision, and presents the necessity for a dis-
cussion of that point.
At the time the gentleman interrupted me, I
was going on to' say that the recording upon the
Journal of the House of resolutions, motions, or
other acts done by the Delegate from a Territory
is, in my opinion, an interpolation of the Journal,
which the Speaker has no privilege to make.
A Delegate, then, not being a member of the
House by the provision of the Constitution, the
House must look to the laws of Congress for the
privileges which may be conferred upon him.
That is undeniable. By the act of 1817, as is
now sufficiently known to the House, it is the
privilege of a Delegate to take part in debate, but
not to vote. That act was intended to define the
rights and privileges which a Delegate should ex-
ercise in this House. Certainly he can have no
other privileges.
Well, then, the question arises, whether the right
to take part in debate includes the privilege to
submit motions, or to make propositions to the
House? The House will readily perceive that to
make a motion, or submit a proposition, is not at
all necessary to the right to take part in debate.
A member may speak to a motion made by others.
That is done every day, and somewhat, at times,
as we all know, to the annoyance of the Hou.se,
To make a motion, then, is not a necessary inci-
dent to the right to speak; but the right to take
part in debate rather seems to be incidental to the-
right or privilege to make a motion, or to intro-
duce a proposition; and I submit to you, Mr.
Speaker, and to the House, whether, by your de-
cision, you are not making the incident the prin-
cipal, and the principal the incident? The right
to make a motion in the House is a very high
parliamentary privilege, if a Delegate has a right
to make one motion, I should like to know where
the House will find a limitation on that right.
Where will you find the case, in your laws and
rules, and by what guide would you hold, that a
