512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13.
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, This practice of asking, (said Mr. B.,) that
bills be put upon their passage immediately upon
their being repor'ed from the committee, was calcu-
lated to liiterfeie with all other claims equally just,
and many of which had a prior right to considera-
tion. He did not intend to say that this was not a
just claim ; but it was not more just than five hun-
died others coming before the House. He objected
to this course of proceeding—to this monopoly of
the morning hour, and hindrance of all other
claims, equally just; and he should insist on his
motion.
The question having been taken on that motion,
and decided in the affirmative,
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Mi*. McLEAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported a Gill for the relief of
John Poe, of Louisville, Kentucky, which was
read twice, referred to the Committee of the
whole House, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McL., from the same committee, reported
the following resolution, viz :
Resolved, That the CJerlc of the House pay out of the
contingent fund, to John W. Nye, the -uni of five bundled
and iwi niy-live dollars, on hi> exet-utnig a n-Iedse unriet
hi- JTMiid -in'l gf al, to the Cnifd States, in s-uch form as shall
fee appioved l y the said Chik, ot all claims a<Min^t the
United Starts, or the postmaster of the Hi<u-e, in iexpect
to the sevrr.il iri<it'er> *t;t foith in his p< tinon and pnpcir.
reh-rrcd 10 tin; Committee on fh«' Judu iaiy of tin; House,
( uid euhs-equently to lh-> Committee on Claim?) or relent d
to m the* paper?., or by the \vitnts«-e>, whose u^iunoti) wn?
bclory the committee; whith telf.ue bltalJ by th<j Cleik be
preserved among the files of his office.
Mr. JONES said this matter had been dis-
posed of once already this session; and he would
move to dispose of this the same way, by moving
to lay it on the table.
Mr. McLEAN said he only desired that the
resolution should be referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and be printed. He hoped it would
not be laid on the table.
Mr. JONES culled for the yeas and nays, on
the motion to lay on the table; but they were not
ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and decided in the negative.
The resolution was then referied to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
punted, by a vote of 77 ayes to 52 noes.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief Captain William Duer-
son; which was read twice by its title, referied to
the Committee of the Whole llouse, and, with tiie
lepoit tifCoinfMnyitig, otdeied to be punted.
Mr. DUJN'HAAI, fiom the Committee on
Claims, lepoiied the following bills; which were
seveially read twice by their titles, referied to the
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the re-
ports accompanying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of the hens of Geotge B.
Reed, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Bernard Todd,
deceased. j
Mr. iVleLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-!
niutte on Commerce, lepoited the following bills; j
which were severally lead twice by then titles, |
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the reports accompanying, ordered to be
printed, \iz:
A bill for the relief Edwaid Dexter; and
A bill for the relief of Adolphus Meier & Co.
Mr. McLANE, from the same committee, re-
poiwd a bill for the erection of a custom-house,
in the city of Cincinnati; which was twice read by
its tule, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on ihe state of the Union, anil, with the report ac-
companying, ordered ro be punted.
On mouon by Mr. McLANE, the Committee
on Cornmetce was dischaigtd fiom the further
consideration of the memorial of Andrew J. Clif-
ton, asking compensation us salvage for public
property wrecked at Tampico; and it was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, the same com-
mittee was discharged fiom the memorial of James
B. Moore and otheis, asking the aid of the Gov-
ernment, to establish a line of steamers fiom Cal-
ifornia to the East Indies; and it was referied to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, the Committee
°ft Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of the following subjects; and they
were ordered to he on the table, viz:
The memorial of certain citizens of New York,
praying for the passage of a law, regulating the
compensation of the navy-agent at New Yoik.
The memorial asking for the establishment of a
custom-house, at Gloucester;
The memorial asking for the establishment of a
port of entry, at Aransas, Texas; and
The communication of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in regard to the survey of the coast of
California, and covering information from honor-
able Mr. Gwinn, Senator elect from California;
which was oidered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. McLANE, of Maryland,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill to admit, free of duty, into the
United Stales, the goods the production or growth
of Canada, on condiiion that the like articles, the
growth or production of the United States, shall
be admitted into Canada free of duty; and the
said bill was recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, from the Com-
mit'ee on Commerce, reported a bill to establish a
new collection district in the territory of Minnesota,
and for other puiposes; which was read twice by
its title, with a view to us commitment.
Mr. McL. said he had been instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to ask that this bill be
immediately put upon its passage.
The bill was then read through; when
On motion by Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, it
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post Roads, made adverse reports on
the following cases; winch were oidered to lie on
the tabic; viz:
Theme morial of J. M. Gardner, for compensa-
tion for services as cleik m the city post-oiiice of
Washington; and
The petition of H. Hobb, late postmaster at
Jackson, Mississippi, asking compensation for
house rent, &c.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of John Deamil; which was read
twice by us tule, lefened to the Committee of the
Whole, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. P. also, fiom the same committee, reported
a resolution, which was lead, as follows:
Rejoiced, That the Cleik of the Ilou^e he dnected to
I uiehaM> ol Ncl?on GiiMvohl, ioi the iw <>( the t onimittee
on Hie I'o-t-i th< <* and Po.-t Itoad*, the following maps*, viz:
< the map ol the \\ ond, «m*- ot tiie Unittd butts ot Ainer-
! HM, one copy ol Mitchell's Utnvoif-ul Atlas oi I3<>oU ot the
, H'oild,«iu<i index to ihe Alias, not to cost moie than thuty-
' mne dollar*.
j Mr. RAYMOND moved to strike out Nelson
, Griswold, so as to leave the discretion with the
j Clerk as to the individual from whom the purchases
! shall be made.
' Mr. POTTER said he had no objection ; for
the only reason why the name of the individual J
had been nisei ted in the resolution was, to direct j
the Cleik to what the committee really wanted, 1
the committee having inspected the articles pre- I
sented for tale by the individual named.
The pioposed amendment was disagreed to, and
the resolution was then adopted.
Mr. PHELPS, fiom the Committee on the
Post-Office and Post Roads, made an adverse re-
port on the petition of William Baker, asking for
compensation for mail service; which was ordeigd
to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which had been
referred the memotial of Hainet Pieice, reported
a bill fot the teliefof the legal representatives of
Benjamin Fjy, deceased; which was twice read by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, the Com- !
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from the j
consideration of the memoual of JohnHarper, re- !
monstratmg against the occupation of a land claim !
by the agents of the United Smes; and it was '
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made adverse reports on the following
cases; which were ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed, viz:
Numerous memorials, asking for the abolition
of the office of chaplain in the army and navy
of the United States; and
The petition of Nathaniel White, in regard to
the payment of an award due him, for information
which led to the conviction of certain counter-
feiters.
TEXAS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill of the
following title: u A bill to establish an additional <
district court of the United States, in the eastern®
portion of Texas."
The bill having been read twice by its title,
Mr. THOMPSON said he was instructed to
ask, that the bill should now be put upon its pas-
sage.
The bill was then read through.
Mr. THOMPSON said there was a great and
paramount necessity for the passage of the bill.
There was only one court, and one judge, in the
extensive territory of Texas; and there was no
territory in which there were so many controver-
sies in regard to land titles. He could see no ob-
jection whatever to its immediate passage, as there
was no new principle involved. The bill, in fact,
for the sake of convenience to the people of Texas,
merely made two districts, where one now existed.
Mr. McCLERNAND briefly objected to put-
ting the bill on its passage at this time, and moved
its reference to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. He stated two objections
to hasty and inconsiderate action upon it. In the
first place, the bill involved an appropriation, by
reason of the additional offices to be cieated under
it; and, secondly, he did not know, and could not,
without examination, decide, what the effect of the
bill, if any, might be, on the disputed question of
boundary.
Mr. SACKETT expressed himself opposed to
the bill entirely, but especially opposed to it
being put upon its passage without due considera-
tion by the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Besides, theobject.on as to bound-
ary, which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] had suggested, he (Mr. S.) argued,
that the House had not the information before it
which would justify this hasty action.
Mi. STEVENS expressed a hope that the bill
would be at once put on us passage. There could
be no leason for referring it to the Committee of
the Whole for examination. It merely provides
for a division of the jurisdiction of the country; it
does not, in any way, affect the question of bound-
ary. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McCler-
nand] had said, that the bill involves an appro-
priation of money, and therefore must go into
Committee of the. Whole, under the rules of the
House. [Mr. Stevens here read the rule.] This
bill does not come within the class of bills which
the rule requires to be committed. The wants of
Texas call for the passage of this bill. There is
now but a single judicial district m all the vast ter-
ritory embraced withm the jui isdiction of Texas.
Mr. HOWARD said, he piesumed the gentle-
man over the way [Mr. Sackett] would not
have assumed that the judicial business in Texas
did not require an additional district court, if he
had been acquainted with the facts as they exist.
There is no doubt, that the present litigation m the
United States court, in Texas, is too great for
one court or one judge to transact. That court is
! m session eight oi nine months in the year, and is,
i notwithstanding, unable to get through wnh the
j business. There is a large accumulation of busi-
ness on the docket, and u is still increasing. To
! say nothing of the ordinary business of the court,
there is a great number of suits on the docket, in-
| \olvmg the title to real esiate, and that species of
, business is still increasing, and such is the condi-
, Hon of land titles in Texas, that that species of
litigation must continue to increase for years to
come. To refuse an another court, is a practical
denial ofjustice to the people of Texas, scattered, as
they aie, over an immense territory. The present
bill proposes, not only to cieate an additional
court, but provides, that the court in the western
district shall be held at different places, for the
accommodation of parties, jurois, witnesses, and
others. It declares that the court shall be held at
Galveston, Austin, Victoria, and Brownsville.
