1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Delegate has a right to make one motion, and not
the right to make another?
Whilst upon this subject, I may be permitted to
-stale, that I was informed by the Clerk the other
day, that you, Mr. Speaker, hold that a Delegate
has the full right to make certain motions in the
House.
The SPEAKER (interposing) said, the Chair
had held, and would again hold, that a Delegate
could not make a motion to reconsider, because by
■the rules of the Rouse he had not the right to
vote, and the motion to reconsider could not be
made by any one who did not vote with the ma-
jority. Therefore, a Delegate havi/ig no right to
vote could not make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BURT. Of course I agree with the Chair.
I think that the decision is right. Has the Chair
■decided that a Delegate has not the right to rtiake
a motion that the House adjourn ?
Mr. B. paused.
The SPEAKER did not reply, or, if so, not
audibly.
Mr. BURT proceeded. Is it competent for a
Delegate to come here and move a resolution
which calls in question the privileges of a Mem-
ber of this House? I apprehend not, because he
may be made personally responsible to the House.
He may be censured. He may be expelled for
introducing a resolution or proposition which is
indecorous or offensive to the House. I appre-
hend the Chair would hold that a Delegate could
make no such motion as that. Xf not," how can
he make a proposition which docs affect the
rights of the House and the privileges of its
•members? Iam aware that it has been a usa^e
here for some year^ to allow a Delegate to make
a motion, to introduce bills and other similar pro-
positions. But I ask: if the toleration of the
House under a usage which is contrary to law,
•and contrary to the rules of the House, can -be
set up in opposition to a rule of the House,
which is adopted at every new Congress? We
know that these irregularities, if I may so charac-
terize them, are tolerated by unanimous consent,
•no one making any exception to them. And I ap-
prehend that this usage in relation to Delegates
here had its origin in this way. But the moment
a member rises, and, in the exercise of his privi-
lege, says he objects to a motion being made by a
delegate, the House is to inquire whether he has
that right; and no usage can be set up in opposi-
tion either to the law or rules of the House.
I come now (for I intend to speak briefly on the
-question) to the ground assumed by the Chair,
that inasmuch as the rules of the House require
•the Territories to be dalled for petitions and reso-
lutions, the Chair infers that the Delegate has the
right to make any motion, or introduce any reso-
lution. I am very much inclined to think that a
Delegate, under that rule, has, by the courtesy of
•the House merely, when the Territories are called,
.|he right to introduce any resolution or petitions
that may be authorized by the rules. But when
looking to the privileges of a Delegate, you must
look to the rules; you cannot look to the courtesy
or the usage of the House. And whilst it may be
very well that the Delegate from Oregon should"
have the right to make the motion which he sub-
mitted this morning, yet it does not by any means
follow, that he has a right to offer an amendment,
or to move any propositions connected with the
general legislation of the country—propositions
which are not at all recognized by the rule to which
the Speaker has referred.
It is very obvious to the House, as I am sure
will be admitted by every one, that no one here,
*iiot even our oldest and most experienced mem-
bers, had turned his attention to the privileges of
Delegates until a very recent peiiod. I remember
when the act of 1817 was brought to the attention
-of the House, that it produced general surprise.
But now that we have instituted the inquiry, I
trust that the House, without abridging any privi-
lege that has been conferred by your rule, or by
the act of 1817, will, until there is additional legis-
lation upon the subject, enforce the rule of the
House, the law as it now stands, and the Consti-
tution.
It is not for me to disclaim any feelings of un-
kindness towards the Delegates from the Territo-
ries who are permitted to occupy seats in this
Hall. My acquaintance with them has been a
source to me of great pleasure. I have found
ihcm to be gentlemen of very great intelligence—
gentlemen of talent; behaving themselves in the
House with the decorum that becomes even its
members. I have no prejudice gainst jhem; and
with reference to the decision made the other day
in committee, I felt myself oound to say so much
in vindication of the committee and of its decision.
Mr. DUER. Do I understand that an appeal
has been taken from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from South Carolina has appealed.
Mr. DUER said, the question, in the view he
took of it, lay within a very narrow compass. The
question, he considered, was one which arose, not
under an act of Congress or a rule of the House,
but under the Constitution; and he contended that,
according to the Constitution, a Delegate from a
Territory could not make a motion here connected
with any subject whatsoever. The remarks which
had been made with respect to the rules and usage
of the House, as giving construction to the act of
Congress, would be more important if the question
arose under an act of Congress, and not under an
instrument paramount to both.
Now though a usage had long been in existence
in the House to aflow a Delegate to make motions,
the point of his ri^ht had never, until very re-
cently, been raised, and there had been no decision
of the House upon it. He believed, so far as his
knowledge of the subject extended, that he had
been the first to raise the question. He alluded to
the occasion on which he had made the point
during the last Congress, and to the decision of
the then Speaker, similar, he said, to that now
made, and said that no appeal jvas taken at that
time, and there was no decision of the House.
Upon the application of the Delegate from Minne-
sota to be admitted, he had also had occasion to
examine the subject. The Constitution provided,
that{t the House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year by
the people of the several States." It was clear,
then, that no one except a person chosen by the
people of the States could be a member, or a com-
ponent part of the House. A Delegate was not a
member; he was no component part of the House.
If, then, it was the privilege of a member to make
a motion, could this House by rule—could Con-
gress by law confer upon any person not a<mem-
ber, the right to come here and make a motion ? If
they could do it with respect to a Delegate, they
could with respect to any other person. Could
they by the rules of the House, or could Congress
by law, open the doors of the House to fifty per-
sons to come here and make motions? Suppose
he rose to address the House, and the Speaker
should announce to him that a Delegate from a
Territory or any other person not a member, (for
the Constitution recognized no such thins; as a
Delegate,) had moved the previous question, and
therefore he (Mr. D.) could not be heard—could
he be deprived of the right secured to him by the
Constitution as a Representative of the people, by
the action of a person, be he a Delegate or not,
who was not a member of this House? If a
Delegate could not be allowed to make such a mo-
tion, how could it be contended that he could
make any motion? Where could they draw the
line? They could draw no line. A Delegate
could make no motion. What was the difference
whether it related to his own Territory or not? It
was equally a legislative act in the one case as in
the other. The Constitution recognized no such |
person as a Delegate; the House by rule, or Con- j
Sress by its united action, could not confer upon a ]
Delegate, or any other person, the rights of a ,
member. He hoped, therefore, that the House
would reverse the decision of the Speaker. He
thought no practical inconvenience could follow,
because there could be no difficulty in a Delegate,
at any time, getting a member to make his mo-
tions.
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question.
Mr. MORSE appealed to the gentleman to with-
draw the motion, to enable him to make some re-
marks.
Mr. BOYD declined to do so; remarking that
it would be for the House to decide whether they
would allow the debate to proceed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 111, nays 62; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Aveielt, Bay,
Beale, Bennett, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, .Boyd, Brer-k,
Briggs, Brooks, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown, Burrows,. T.
B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Camer, Casey,
Clarke, Cole, Corww, Daniel, Beberry, Dimmick, Disney,
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Filch, Fowler, Freediey, Fuller,
Giddings, Goodenow, Gorman," Gutt, Hall, Halloway, Har- *
ton, T. L. Harris, Hebard, Hibbard, Hoagland, Howard,
Howe, J. W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, J. L. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Kerr, John A. King, Preston King, La Sfcre,
Leffler, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McLanahan, Miilson, Morris, .Morse,
Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Peek, Pit-
man, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Roboins, Robinson, Rock-
well, Savage, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sheppeid,
Silvester, Spaukiing, Sprague, JR. H. Stanton, Thaddeus
Stevens, Strong, Taj lor, Thomas, JaCob Thompson. James
Thompson Underbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Wa'd >n, Waldo,
Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildriek, Wil-
mot, Wood, and Young—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, A«hmun, Bayly, Bowie, Burt,
Chestei Builer, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Chandler,
Clmgman, W. R. W. Cobb, CroweH, Duer, Edmundson,
Nathan Evuns, Ftatherston, Gentry, Gerry, Gould, Grin-
rifell, Hamilton, Hampton, l^ham G Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Raymond, Henry, Holladay, Hubbard,Hunter,Inge,
W.T.Jackson. R. W. Johnson, G. G. King, J. G. King',
Horace Mann, Marshall, Maiteson, MeKiseock, McMu'len,
MeQ.ueen, MeWilhe, Moore, Morton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw,
Owen, Phelps, Reed, Reynolds, Root, Rose, Ross, Rumsey,
Sehermerhorn, SUnly, Sweetser, Toombs, Wallace, Well-
born, Wilson, and Woodward—65.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
it was decided that the gentleman from Oregon had
the right to make the motion which he had sub-
mitted.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to reconsider the
vote just taken and to lay that motion on the table.
' Which latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Thurston to refer the memorial to the Committee
on Territories, was taken and agreed to.
So the memorial was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
* Mr. JOHN A. KING moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania called for
the regular order of business.
The motion of Mr. King, being first in order,
was put and agreed to; ayes 87, noes not counted.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
The state of the question was this;
Mr. Waldo had yesterday moved to amend
the item for compensation of the clerks and mes-
senger m the Bureau of Provisions and Ciothing,
by striking out " $6,300," and Inserting in lieu
thereof the sum of " $6,500," and adding thereto
the words 44 the salary of the assistant clerk being
increased f om $800 to §1,000 per annum."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, had raised
a question of order.
Mr. WALDO explained, that he had ascer-
tained that the salary of the clerks was fixed by
law.
The amendment having been read—
The CHAIRMAN decided it out of order.
Mr. WALDO. Inasmuch as one or two amend-
ments of this character have been received, i ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STRONG. Will the Chair state what the
question is?
The proposed amendment was again read.
The CHAIR. The amount of the salaries as
proposed to be paid by the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Waldo,] is not
authorized by existing laws. The amendment,
therefore, is not in order. From this decision the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Waldo] has
appealed. And the question is, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee r"
The question was taken, and the affirmative vote
stood—49. m.
The CHAIR said, it was evident a majority was
down.
Mr. STANLY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Richardson
and Gould were appointed.
Mr. CARTTER. Before the vote is taken,
will the Chair be good enough to state the -ques-
tien. ' -
The CHAIRMAN again stated the question.
The question, " Shall the decisioa of the Chair
