THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Comgress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 15, 1850.
New Series.... No. 33.
This distribution of the business will, in a great
degree, relieve the people and suitors of a very
onerous burden in attending court, and will expe-
dite and hasten the decision of causes. The as-
sumption of the gentleman, that the present bill
is not needed, is gratuitous, and unauthorized by
the condition of affairs in Texas.
Sir, I must be allowed to express my astonish-
ment, that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] should oppose present action upon
this bill, on the ground that it involves a question of
boundary. I did not anticipate such an objection
from such a quarter. It does not become one of the
friends of the late Administration, who went to
war with Mexico, to defend the title of Texas to the
country to the Rio Grande, to urge such an ob-
jection to the bill. Such an argument would come
'more gracefully from theother side of the House,
and from those not thus committed. But the ob-
jection is futile, proceed from whence it may. The
foill has nothing to do with the subject of the
boundary of Texas. It does not change, or en-
large, the present jurisdiction of the Federal court
of Texas, as to the territorial extent of its juris-
diction. The law creating the present court ex-
tended its jurisdiction over the whole of Texas,
and this bill does no more. It defines no boundary
for the State. The act-of Congress of December,
1845, creating the present court, declares, "that
' the said State of Texas shall constitute one judi-
< cial district," under which that court has taken
Jurisdiction of many causes arising on the Rio
Grande: the same law creating the court declares,
" that all the laws of the United .States are hereby
4 declared to extend over, and to have full and free
* effect within the State of Texas, admitted at the
' present session of Congress, into the confederacy
< and union of the United Slates." The present
bill goes no further. It is well known that Texas
has been in the undisturbed jurisdiction of this
country for a long time, and she has actually held
courts at Brownsville, for several years. _
At Brownsville, an annual session of the United
States district court is very necessary, almost in-
dispensable to the business of the country. There
is a large population and a heavy trade at that
place, and m its vicinity. A laige portion of the
titles are in litigation, and must pass through the
Federal court. This population is isolated in a
great degree from the rest of the State, and is dis-
tant three or four hundred miles from Galveston,
where the court is now held. _ They ought not to
be subjected to the expense of this travel, and the
delay of a crowded docket. The middle and east-
ern sections of the Stale labor under similai diffi-
culties and burdens. ... .
Sir, I must be allowed to say, that it is not a little
extraordinary, that since the annexation, the dele*
gation from Texas have never been able to propose
any measure for her relief or benefit, but some per-
son has made it the pretext of dragging in this
question of disputed boundary. Not a bill for a
mail-route in that State, however necessary or un-
important, can be introduced, but that it is made
the fruitful topic of -discussion of the boundaries
of Texas, and encounters hostility for its real or
imaginary bearing on that subject. ^ _
I am not prepared to say whether it is owing to
this cause, that Texas has received so little of the
benefits of the Federal Government since annexa-
tion, but she has been treated with the indifference
of a step-ch ild. Not a single 1 ight-house has been
erected on her coast. .
Mr GRINNELL (Mr. Howard yielding the
floor for explanation) wished to remind the gen-
fleman from Texas, that one reason why light-
houses had not been established in Texas was, that
the State had neglected to cede the jurisdiction
necessary for that purpose. Theie had always
existed a disposition to make liberal appropria-
tions for the benefit of Texas.
Mr HOWARD resuming, said, that was true
with regard to two light-houses; but her whole
western coast, from Pass Cavallo, had been left
without any provision on the subject, when greeks ^
were constantly occurring for want of properluhts >
Especially the Brazos Santiago, through which
33
the whole commerce of the Rio Grande passed^a
large and greatly increasing, commerce had been
left unprotected. At this point, immense amounts
of wrecks and loss of property occur for want of
a li"ht-house. On the subject of frontier defences,
the°treatment of Texas has been even colder and
more unjustifiable. Her frontier has been left
comparatively unprotected. The force sent there
has been mainly infantry, and totally unsuited to
prevent the incursions of the Indians. The conse-
quence is, that they have made constant inroads
along the whole frontier, killing the inhabitants,
and Sestroying large amounts of property. These
complaints have come up constantly from Texas;
every mail brings news of some fresh Indian mur-
der and outrage, and yet the Government, although
possessing ample power under the law, does not
move for the protection of her people. Sir, I trust
the time is coming when Texas will receive some
share in the benefits of the legislation of this Gov-
ernment, and, at all events, that justice will not be
denied her citizens, by refusing to provide a court
for the necessary litigation of the country.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The occasion for an
additional court, in Texas, may be a very good
reason for the seasonable passage of this bill; but
not for its immediate passage. He made no point
of merit against the bill—only a point of time.
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard]
had manifested quite as much passion as discre-
tion upon this subject. He had virtually im-
peached any other member's right to sneak upon
it any member differing in opinion from him;
more, he had virtually accused Mr. McC. of
hostility to Texas, because he saw fit to ob-
ject to the immediate passage of the bill. Now,
the gentleman from Texas was in error on both
these points. It wTas just as much ]Mr. IVIcC. s
ri<*ht to speak upon the question, as it was
the right of the gentleman from Texas to do so,
and most certainly Mr. McC. would do so, when-
ever he Chosi fo do so, whatever might be the
opinion of the gentleman from Texas. The accu-
sation, express or implied, that Mr. McC. was
inimical to Texas, was—if the gentleman wished
so to be understood—equally unauthorized. On
the contrary, Mr. McC. had been the fast
friend of Texas. He had sympathized with her
in her revolutionary struggle—was among the
jjrst the very first—to assist-her into the Union,
and had always been disposed to respond in kind-
ness, and even liberality, to her wants. His his-
tory, in regard to Texas, was probably quite as
old and as friendly as that of the honorable gen-
tleman himself, and had been made no doubt, in
circumstances of as great responsibility as had
ever attended any action of the gentleman m her
service. Mr. McC. had only asked that the rules
of the House should be applied to this bill-—that
the bill should take the regular and usual course—
this was all—and this was the sum.of his hostility
t0The gentleman from Texas, in his diffidence,
had not been content to claim a superior knowl-
edge in regard to all that relates to Texas; he had
not been content with this claim alone; but had
gone further, and ventured to impeach the inform-
ation of all who might differ with him. He had
said, that Congress had already admitted the right
of Texas to the boundary claimed by her, and
that, therefore, his (Mr. McC.'s) objection, if it
were true that the bill was confirmatory of this
boundary, would avail nothing. But was this so.
was it in fact true that there was no question
about the western boundary of Texas ? He Mr. ,
McC.) thought there was. The gentleman from
Texas stood alone in a contrary opinion. If there j
was no such question, why this sensitiveness on ;
I the part of the gentleman ? why these otters of i
millions of money to quiet her claim m favor ot
New Mexico ? The gentleman will answer these
^ The gentleman may not be as well versed in all
the laws bearing on the question of Texas bound-
ary, as he supposes he is. He mentions certain
laws, from which he draws em inference favorable
to the claim of Texas; but he appears not to know
that other acts have transpired, unfavorable to her
claim. There was the law, parsed two days after
the passage of the resolutions of Texas annexation,
which authorized a drawback on foreign goods
exported in original packages from the United
States " to Chihuahua and Sante Fe, in Mexico.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg leave to correct the
gentleman. He is mistaken in supposing that,
since Texas was admitted into the Union, Con-
gress has passed a law allowing drawbacks on
goods shipped to Sante Fe. The act to which he
alludes, was passed the 3d of March, 1845, and
Texas was not admitted into the Union until the
following December. These d rawbacks were col-
lected after annexation, by virtue of an order of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and not by force or
an act of Congress.
Mr. McCLERNAND continued. He appears
also not to know, what is notorious, that this Gov-
ernment maintained a Consul at Sante afterjho
annexation of Texas.
Mr. HOWARD (Mr. McClbrnand yielding
for the purpose) desired to ask the gentleman flora
Illinois whether the whole of the territory of
Texas was not embraced in the Federal jurisdic-
tion, whether it was exercised through one court
or through two courts? .
Mr. McCLERNAND. Yes ; that is the pre-
cise question. -What is the State of Texas-where
is her boundary ? The law quoted by the gentle-
man would prove one boundary as well as an-
0tTh'e gentleman from Texas had complained that
the boundary of Texas had been dragged in to de-
feat the passage of the bill. Who had dragged it
in? Himself. Mr. McC. had not done so. He
had neither affirmed nor denied the boundary
claimed by Texas; he had only insisted that there
was a question about it. True, he had his opinion,
and would be prepared to express it at the proper
time, if necessary. He had only designed to men-
tion, as a reason why the bill should not be parsed
now, that it might commit the House unwittingly
upon the question of boundary. The establish-
ment of a collection district upon the Rio Grande
had been understood by many to be a legislative
recognition of the title of Texas to the lower Rio
Grande, and might not this bill be liable to a simi-
lar interpretation in regard to the upper Rio ^ande,
and the country in dispute between Aew Mexico
and Texas. He called the attention of the House
to this point. All Mr. McC. asked was, time and
light—that the bill might bo referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
under the rules, and that it should be printed. Waa
not this parliamentary—was4t not fair.
The gentleman from Texas had complained that
the wants of Texas had been neglected. Mr. McC.
would not go into that question; but would say that
he was really and willing to cooperate with the
gentleman at all proper times, and m all F°pev
lays, to supply those wants. But did not the
gentleman in some measure mistake ? The gen-
tleman fiorn Massachusetts [Mr. GiusneLt] bad
iust silcnced him on one pomt of his complaint,
and probably it was in the.power of other mem-
bers to answer him equally successfully upon
! other and all the points of his complaint. He
I would commend to the gentleman patience and
1 moderation. These qualities would ensure him
i all that he had a right 10 claim. t
Air STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose and
1 Jd 'that as he was a men,ber\f the Committee
' on the Judiciary, and had taken part m the <Ie
: liberations on this bill, he desired to reply to an
frsmed that the opinion ot the Com-
mluee was unanimous; but after it had assumed
its present form, he had stated his objection to the
ts present I Qb ted|!ind t,e always should
! b''!- , thenassage of the bill m Us present
I shape' He could not vote in favor of the bill, be-
cause it might be construed into an admission of
P the rH't of Texas to all the territory which she
claim?. Such would be the cffect, because there
1' was 5no place named in the bill which stands on
