THE CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
Aug. 20,
sfcand as the judgment of the committee?" was
again put, and the vote stood—ayes 64, noes 65. _
The CHA.I&* The Chair believes that this is
a ease in which, under the rule, the Chair has a
right to vote. The Chair votes in the affirmative.
' 5*he decision of the Chair, therefore, is not re-
versed.
A recount -was called for.
'Mr. DUJ2R. "I should like to know by what
process the result just announced has been reached?
The CHAIR repeated what he had said, and
Suggested that a recount should be taken.
^Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of -order. The question put to the commit-
tee was, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee Now, the vote
is a tie. therefore, the question is lost.
JV£r. RICHARDSON called for a recount."
Mr. JOHNSON, of "Arkansas. I object. It
seems to me that the Chairman has as good a right
to yote a£ any other member.
.Mr, POTTER insisted that the decision of the
Chair could not stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee,'because-the vote was a tie.
The CHAIRMAN, in reply to the remark of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] said, the
Chair was of opinion that the decision of the
Chair must stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee until it should have been reversed. There be-
ing a tie, the decision was not reversed, and it
appeared to the Chair that the decision must neces-
sarily stand.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If I amen- ;
titled so to do, I appeal from the decision of the
Chair. My opinion is, that when a question is,;
put affirmatively, there must, in order to carry it,
oe a majority. The question put to the committee
was, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee? The vote was a tie.
The committee, therefore, decided that the decision
should not stand, and thus reversed it. Upon that
ground I appeal from the decision of the Chair, if
it is competent for me to do so.
Mr. GORMAN suggested that the best way to
arrive at a conclusion would be, that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] should
withdraw his appeal, and that a new count, &c<,
should be taken.
The CHAIRMAN expressed the hope that the
unanimous consent of the committee would be
given for a recount.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I withdraw
the appeal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
The tellers resumed their places.
And the question, * * Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee
was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 77, noes
71.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed. And
the amendment of Mr. Waldo was declared to be
out of order.
The following item having been read:
" Fot compensation of superintendent and three watch-
man of (he southwest Fveeuhve hmMins, one thousand
tfeven hundred and fifty dollar, the sil.iry of the three
watchmen hems; increased from Urn*** hundred and sixty-
fiv« dollars to five hundred doH.irs each, per annum, fro.n
first July, eighteen hundred and fitly."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said, that in
the clause just read the Committee of Ways and
Means, had increased the pay of the persons at-
tached to this building.
Mr. BAYLY. What is the remark of thegen-
tleman ftom Pennsylvania? [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. I say that in this item the
Committee ofWaysand Means haveincreased the
salaries from the original sum to another, and I
make the question of order whether this is compe-
tent to be done.
The CHAIR. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] put the point of order in a
form in which the Chair can either negative or
affirm it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, made a remark not
heard.
The CHAIR. The Chair decides th$t if the
Committee ofWaysand Means disregard or vio-
late the rule of the House, the matter can be cor-
rected only in the House. This is only a com-
mittee, and one committee has no right to strike
out a provision of a bill inserted by another com-
mittee, on the ground that it is contrary to the rule,
[81st.] The provision may be stricken out on that
ground in the House, but not in thfe committee.
The Chair, therefore, overrules the point of order. I
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not appeal. I think |
thafcthe Chair is right.
Mr.^PRESTON KING asked that the rule to
which reference had "been made, might be read.
Mr. BAYLY. Perhaps I can save some trou-
ble by looking to the fact ——
The CHAIR (interposing) remarked, that de-
bate was not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I know it is not; but I desire
that the House should understand the fact, and
i should not vote blindly. There is no law author-
! izing these salaries. They are merely matters of
! appropriation.
The Clerk then read the rale, (the reading of
which had been called for by Mr. King,) as fol-
lows:
"51. TVo appropriation shall be reported in «uch general
appropriation hill?,*or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for nny expenditure riot previously authorized hy raw, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such public works
and object8! as are already in progress, and for the con-
tingencies for carrying on the several departments of the
Government.'*
The Clerk then proceeded to read the hill.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
« For compensation of the surveyor general of Arkansas,
per act of 8th Aasust, 1846, $2,000."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, then asked the
unanimous consent of the House to have read the
letter of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office; which was granted, and then read as follows;
General Land Office, rfuzust 7. 1850.
Sir: Tn the estimates ot this office, submitted to Congress
at the commencement of the present session, there was no
provision made for the salary of the surveyor general of
Arkansas, and the clerks in his office, or for continuing the
surveys, or executing re*nrveys in hi* di-tr/et. for the rea-
son, that instructions had been r-sned for closing that office,
and tran«feirinjz the plats, &c., to the State authoiitie-, as
provided bv law, on the report of William Pefham, F, q ,
th^n surveyor general of Arkansas, that the surveys, &,c.,
had been finally completed, or would be, under appropria-
tions then made.
The. present surveyor general, however, in his annua}
report of 15th October Ia«t, gives a statement of work \ et to
be done in that district, which he deems necessarv to the
public interest; and submits the following estimates for sal-
aries, surveys, anil resurveys in his district for the fiscal
vear ending 30th June, 1851, to wit:
For compensation ot surveyor ^eneial of Arkansas, per act
of 8fh Angler, 184fi  .$0,000
For el«rk<5 in his office, per same act  6^300
For retracing and re^nrveyina fraudulent and erro-
neous work, including incidental expenses  15,760
For correcting detached erroneous surveys, and
completing unfinished detached fragments, at a
rate not exceeding si* dollars per mile  3,000
For completing work under contract  600
pThe^e items, not having been included in the estimates from
this office, for the reason given, are not inseited in the hill
'• making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic exnen-
of the Government for the year ending 30th June, 1851
The report of the present surveyor general is printed with
the annual report from this office ; and if it be the pleasure
ofConsress to ma'<e the appropriations therein specified, as
stated above, it will be considered as sanctioning or author-
izing the continuance of ihe office; but it not, the office
mint he closed for want of means to carry it on.
With great respect, vonr obedient servant,
J. BlJTTERFIEf^T), Commissioner.
Hon. Robert W. Johnson, House of Rep.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, then proceeded
to say, that the matter of amendment now offered
had never been before the Committee of Ways
and Means, for reasons apparent on the face of the
letter. The former surveyor general of Arkansas,
about the close of his term of office, reported that
the office was in a condition to be closed and dis-
continued. He referred gentlemen to the report.
Upon the strength of this report, the then Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, under the
I late Administration, in pursuance of a general and
standing law providing for such an event, ordered
the same to be discontinued and the records to be
turned over to the proper State authorities.
Under this Administration a new Commissioner
of Public Lands and a new surveyor of public lands
were appointed. To force the discontinuance un-
der this Administration was impossible, for two
reasons, equally forcible, to wit; 1st, that the public
business, for which there were existing appropria-
tions, was Dot concluded, and must first he con-
cluded; and 2d, that no provision of Jaw existed in
Arkansas by which the office and its records could
be received. So the office, ex necessitate, continued.
Now, sir, the new surveyor general proceeded
to examine the condition of the office* and reported,
in June, 1850, its true condition and what was
necessary to the public interest. The letter read
shows and refers to the reports now before you,
which shows its entire condition.
The report of the present surveyor general*,
which he said now lay before him—submitted to
Congress by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office—contained an estimate of what was .
needed for the carrentfiscal year, and, what was of
far more value, it showed conclusively that the
public business was in an unfinished condition, and
that the office coald mi be transfer*edr discon-
tinued, abrogated, without serious detriment, not
only to the national interests, but to the interests
of the State of Arkansas.
The Commissioner had not reported estimates
for this office for reasons above referred to, to wit?
That the office had been ordered by authority of
law (although on an erroneous report) to be dis-
continued, and theauthority did not rest with hint*
to reverse the order of his predecessor, whether
right or wrong, although the office was still by ne-
cessity in existence; and further, it did not appear,
if the Commissioner would have assumed the au-
thority, that he had received the full statement of
facts necessary for that purpose, which could only
be obtained in- perfect form after lengthy and,
thorough investigation of the condition of the
office and its necessities in Arkansas.
Thus it would appear why it was that estimate®
had not appeared before the Committee of Ways
and Means in this behalf. He would now state
that he had appeared before that committee this
morning with the books and papers necessary to
submit this case for their consideration, but the
pressure of business before them had excluded
this; yet he had then gone to as manyindividuals
of that committee as he could see, and explained
the facts, not one of whom had denied the pro-
priety, and several of whom had assented to the
justice and necessity of the amendment he had of-
fered.
He would now state, as to the justice and neces-
sity of the measure, that the report of Surveyor
General Gibson was full, and was commended to
our consideration by the Commissioner, Judge But-
ter field. That report stated, and was conclusive
under the sanction of official oath and ail the
guards and forms of law, that the business of the
office was unfinished and in no condition to be an-
nulled. ^ f
It showed that seventy-one townships and four
thousand three hundred miles were of surveys-
that had been falsely fabricated, or were, made
without establishing marks and bounds; that
ninety-six townships and five hundred miles were
of detached unfinished surveys; that sixteen town-
ships were now under contract,and absolutely un-
finished; and that four hundred and forty-one town-
ship plats were incomplete'on one or the other of
the following grounds, to witr That they were
made at an early day, and on flimsy paper, not
durable and calculated for the public and national
records; or were unfinished, or were inaccuiate,
or were devoid of the legal authentications, or
were without the subdivisions of fractional quar-
ter sections, as required by the act of Congress of
the 5th day of Apiil, 1832; and that these maps
and plats must be reconstructed from the original
fipld-notes and plats m the surveyor general's
office. Thus it appeared from what was so far
stated—and he had not stated half the merits of
the case, and could not in five minutes—-that six
hundred and twenty-four townships of the public,
surveys were in an incomplete and unfinished con-
dition—embracing a large portion of the State,
which must affect injuriously the national, the
Stue, and individual interests, if this office of sur-
veyor general should be inconsiderately discon-
tinued.
He stated, also, that it must necessarily die if
this amendment now offered should be rejected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he had no per-,
sonal objection to the proposition of the gentleman
from Arkansas, but it was due to the Committee
on Public Lands to make a brief statement. At
the last session, the Commissioner of Public Lands
had recommended that the land offices in Alaba-
ma, Mississippi, and Arkansas should be abol-
ished. The Committee on Public Lands took the
subject into consideration, and after investigation,
did abolish them,atleast in substance—they left it
at the discretion of the Commissioner; and the offi-
ces had been abolished from the fact that it was un-
necessary to continue them any longer. The
same subject had been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands this session, by a memorial from
the State of Arkansas. The committee had in-
