iboO.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S15
This bill proposes the establishment of an addi-
tional court in my district. I went before the Ju-
diciary Committee at the invitation of the chair-
man. Objections being made by two members of
the committee to Brownsville being: in the bill, in
order to secure its immediate passage, and as, by
the law now in force, the judge of the district
court could hold his sessions at Brownsville, if he
chose, I expressed my willingness to leave out ■
Brownsville rather than have "the bill delayed—
thinking that, perhaps, my colleague would agree
to it, and intending to inform him of it before the
bill was reported. I did so, but he conceived that
the population and trade of the Rio Grande had
lately increased so much, that the wants of the
community absolutely required a court there. I
at once promptly informed the chairman of the
committee of that fact, who laid the matter before
the committee, and Brownsville was inserted in
the bill. My colleague knew nothing about there
being; any objection to Brownsville until I informed
him, when he objected to its being omitted.
Mr. SCHENCK (resuming) *jaid he did not
intend to discuss, the question of the bounda-
ries of Texas—whether the western boundary
was the Rio Grande, or not. Neither should he
enter into the discussion of the geographical ques-
tion, which had been started between the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania, where Brownsville was. He
dared say—whether this bill was rijjhtor wrong
in itself—that the fentlcman from Texas clearly
believed that it was right and proper, and to be
passed for the accommodation of a large portion
of country within his district—extending to them
such a judiciary system as would enable them to
have their suits in court disposed of. He dared
eay, there might be'many other cases in which gen-
tlemen were anxious to have bills, affecting their
particular constituencies, taken up out of the ordi-
nary course of legislation, and pressed through in
hot haste. When such bills came>up in properorder,
it would be time enough to consider their merits.
But there were other questions to be disposed of*
There was a district of country lying; on the Pa-
cific, containing a population of 100,000 inhabit-
ants, waiting for an entire judiciary system—wait-
ing to have their Representatives on this floor, and
in the other end of the Capitol, admitted. Gen-
tlemen here—find perhaps he did not mistake
in supposing that the gentleman from Texas was
one of them—interposed delay to any action upon
the demands of this people. He was opposed to
taking up these local bills out of their order, but in
favor of referring them to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or Committee of
the Whole House, and after the California bill
was disposed of, of taking up sundry other bills in
their order on the calendar.
He should, therefore, as far as his vote would
go, insist upon this bill going to the Committee of
theWhole on the state of the Union, to take its turn
when it should be reached; and if that motion had
not already been made, he would make it.
The SPEAKER stated that that question was
already pending.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would then move the
previous question.
Mr. HOWARD appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
He wanted to know what the gentleman from Ohio
meant by charging the Representatives of Texas
with obstructing the legislation of this House.
Mr. SCHENCK declined to withdraw.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered—being
first on referring the bill. \
The question was taken and decided in the'
affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. MORSE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
theUnion, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the message of the President,
communicating the constitution of California.
Mr. DISNEY, who was entitled to the floor,
yielded for a moment to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, who sent up to
the Clerk's table the following resolutions, which
he gave notice of his intention to move at the
proper time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be, and
they are hereby, instructed to report a biil to this House, ad-
mitting the State of California into the Union upon an equal
footing with the other Stales composing the Confederacy,
and that the provisional government, or governments that
have been established in anv portion of Ca iforua, acquired
by the late treaty with the Republic of Mexico, lying on the
right side of the Rio Grande, and not embraced in the State
of California, he legalized in such manner as the commit-
tee may deem expedient, with suitable boundaries, giving
the said provisional government, or Governments, a delegate
or delegates to the Congress of the United States, to he ad-
mitted at such time, and predicated upon such popular
b?i«ise, as may be deemed rational and f.iir; and further, that
provision be made in «aid hill tor the immediate retrocession
of the District of Columbia, reserving the public buildings
and grounds belonging to the United States; and further,
thatsaid committee shall provide in said hill a more efficient
mode for the recapture and return of fugitive slavey to
the slave States.
Resolved, Thai the committee report a bill to this House,
embiactng the specified objects in the foregoing resolution,
at the earliest moment oraetieahle.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee must bo aware that it is not competent for
this committee to instruct another committee.
Mr. JOHNSON said he understood that this
committee might report these resolutions to the
House, with a recommendation that they be adopt-
ed.
The CHAIRMAN". The committee can make
such a recommendation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly. I will put th*m in
the form of a recommendation, and propose that
they be laid on the table for consideration.
The resolutions were received and laid on the
table for consideration.
Mr. DISNEY resumed the floor, and addressed
the committee during his hour, in an argument
against the constitutional power of Congress to
pass the Wilmot proviso. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
The CrlAfRYlAN then gave the floor to
Mr. HEBARD, who yielded to a motion that
the committee ri^e.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported,
And the House adjourned.
PETITION'S, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were
presented under the ride, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. CHANDLER: The petition ot John B. Budaand
many othei citizens ot Philadelphia, (owning ami k p> event-
ing the evidence of the debt ol lb" Republic ot Texa«, to
the amount ol more than two million- of dollar*, for the
payment of which, with intere.-t, the faith of said Republic,
and the revenue from imports, were pledged,) a-kuig Con-
gress to pas* wiiiip law for ihe relief ot the petitioners.
By Mr. CROVVELL- The petition of (). P. Nevveomb,
Linus Tracy, and others, citizen^ of Mesopotamia, Tium-
bull county, Ohio, praying Congress to establish a rate ot
postage not exceeding two cents per half ounce on all pre-
paid letters.
AhOj tbe petition of A. IIuniHtwi, C. M. Barnes, and
others, citizens of Fowler. Trumbull county, Ohio, pr.tying
a rale of postage of two cents on all prepaid letters, for ail
distances, per half ounce.
By Mr. GILMORE : The petition of John T. Bard and
120 others, citizens of Cutler county, Penj^ylvama, for a
mail-route fiotri Centeiville, Butler county, Pennsylvania,
to Newcastle. Lawrence county, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of John M. Borland and &*> others, cit-
izens of Amistrong county, Pennsylvania, praying for a
change in the tariff laws ofl846,fiom ad valorem to specific
duties.
Also, the petition of Mott Wilkinson, a revolutionary sol-
dier and pen ionei, of Indiana county, Pennsylvania, for an
increase of p«*j]>ioii
By Mr. WRNTWORTH : The petition of citizens of
Waukegan, Luke county, Illinois, for two cent postage.
Also, a petition trom the eui/,eii  of Downer's Uiovc,
Dupage county, for two cent postage.
Bv Mr. ANDREWS : The remonstrance of W. W. Cook
and 1(K) other citizen* of Whitehall, New York, ?gam*t the
further extension ot the Woodworth patent foi a planing
machine.
By Mr. ROBINfSON: The petition of Philip Banacks and
other-, praying for the abolition of the office of chapUm in
Concre^y/Scc.
Also, the petition of John S. Scobyand other?, of Greens-
bur^', Indiana, praving for a reduction ot po<tage.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The memorial of ihe
lesal representatives of the late Geneiat Robert Young,
praying compensation for tobacco destroyed by the British
troops in the year 1814.
By Mi. MfLLSON • The petition of H. W. King, clerk
to the naval constructor at the Gosport navy-yard, asking
an increase ot pay.
Al*o, the memorial of Myer Myers and numerous other
merchants, ship-master*, and ship-owners, pilot*, mariner*,
and other citizens, asking that Hog-Island may be selected,
instead of {sand-Shoal, as the site ot the hglit-houses pio-
posed to be bail' under a late appropriation by Congress.
Al*o, the memorial ot A. R. Swam and many other
masters of vessels engaged in the coasung-trade, making a
similar prayer.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of Wesley Hosue and 36
others, citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to admit no Stale into the Union, unless the con-
stitution of sujh State shall expressly prohibit the exist-
ence of slavery within its limits.
Also, the petition o,' Wesley Hogue and 34 others,citizens
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to abol-
ish slavery, and the slave-trade, in ail the territories*of the
Uniied States, by an express actof Congiei-s.
AI>o, the petition of We*ley Hogue and 36 others,citizens
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, prating Congress to pro-
vide by law, that whenever a person shall be a 'milled as a
fugitive slave, m tiny other Slate than the one in which ho
is alleged to be held to service, he shall not be delivered to
the claimant, or his a;ent, except on the finding of a jury
that he is the slave of the claim,int.
Also, the petition of Amand<t Westlake and Mother ladies
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, praying Oongie^ that pro-
vision maybe made by law, that whenever n person shall be
arrested a fugitive sUve, in any other Man* than the one
in which he is alleged to be held to set vice, he shall not be
delivered up to the claimant, or his agent, except on the
finding o' a juiy that he u, the >\,wa of the claimant.
AKo, the petition of Woley Hogue and S4other?, citizcns
of Mercer count w Pennsylvania, pt ay ing Congress to repeal
all evistmg laws, by which slavery, or the shiv«-trade, is
sanctioned in the city of Washington, or District of Co-
lumbia, or remove the seat of government to some more
suitable location.
By Mi. MILLER: The petition of Samuel Moody and 57
other*, citizens of the county of Ashland, Ohio, asking
Cmyros to pass a law to prevent the transportation ol the
mail, and the delivery of letters, &e.3 on the first day of the
week.
AI*o. the petition of Samuel Donley and 23 others, citi-
zens of said county of Ashland, for the same object.
ANo, the petition of Je>se Matthews and U2 others, citi-
zens of -.anl connfj, foi the same object. '
Also, the petition of Chester C. Matthews and 38 others,
citizens of >aid county, foi the same object.
Also, the petition ot John Rokhwon and 123 others, citi-
zens ot -aid county, foi the «ame object.
I!v Mr ('ABLE, of Ohio : The petition of Hervcy Hikes
and "«9 otheis, citi/jen* of Columbiana, Ohio, foi cheap po.- t-
age.
By Mi. SWEETSER: The petition ol N. C. Cofiin and
19 otheis, citizens ot Jacksoutown, Licking county, Ohio,
for cheap pot-la 'e
ALo, ihe petition of J. W. Seymour and 133 others, citi-
zens, ot IJnitlO'd, Licking county, Ohio, lor cln ap postage.
!>\ Mi. GOOhENOVV : The p> inimi of R. ;vd Washburn
and 3B others, citizens of Liveimme, in the Slate of Maine,
asking th.it the rate ol postage, on piepaid letter*, tie es-
tabhshed at two cents pei half omit e.
B\ Mi. W1L.MOT: A p< tmon. Mgned by 50 citizens of
B'.tdford countv, IVnns^ Kama, asking that sd.weiy and the
slave-trade, be prohibited in the territoi ies by j o&itive act of
Congn p.-
B\ Mr KERR: The memorial of George Thom, lieuten-
ant f topoiiiaphieal ongineeis, asking remuneration for a
debt dii" iiom the United State*.
By Mi CONGER* The petitions ot 230 citizens and
elector of <\uustacounty, New York, praving that slavery
and the. slave-trade, be expie>«ly proliihned, b> act of Con-
«i> ss. m all the toi ritoneb of the United States.
Al-o, ot 23-j < itizetib and electois of the same place, pray-
ing that no State be hereafter admitted into the Union, un-
le«* the constitution ol such State, expret-tdy prohibits the
existence of ■shivery within its limits.
By Mr WOoi): Th" petition of J. McCutehen and 50
other citiz -n* ot Wyandot county, Oino, asking Congress
to make an appropi iation foi removing obstiuctiona to navi-
gation at the Head of the Sandiifk.v bay, so as to render
more ea.-y and safe the passage of saihng vessels and steam-
boat* into the Sandusky river.
Also, the petition of Zerah Vail and 67 other citizens of
York, Sandusky county, Ohio, asking Congress to reduce
the postage on newspapers to one cent, and on all prepaid
iettf rs to two cent-*.
AI*o, the petition of A. Gillett and 74 other citizens of
Wood county, Ohio, asking Congiess to grant to theGilead
arid Gdleod Plank Road Company the right of way through
the public lands, and lIso, every alternate section through
the same, two miles wide.
Bv Mi. GOULD: The petition of Isaac Burr and 42 other
citr/.eiH of Meredith, in Delaware countv, New York, for
cheap postage—two cents for all letters not exceeding half
an ounce, prepaid.
By Mr. BltlG^S : The petition of J. G. Dunbar and 69
other citizens of New York, prajmg Congress to repeal the
act of Congres* extending the patent of William Wood-
worth from -1845 to fsofi.
Al-o, the petition of 27 citizen* of New York, asking
Congies* to establish the rate of postage on letters at two
cents prepaid for halt an ounce.
IN SENATE.
wednesday, Match 13, 1850.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the memorial of Wil"
liam M. Gwin and John C. Fremont, Senators,
and G. W. Wright and Edward Gilbert, Repre-
sentatives, of the State of California, accompanied
by t\ certified copy of the constitution of that State,
and the credentials of the Senators elected by the
I Legislature thereof, requesting, in the name of the
i people of California, admission as a State into
J the Union. Ordeied to lie on the table and be
j printed. . ,
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial of
! officers, non-commissioned officers, soldiers, and
1 volunteers of the last war with Great Britain, ask-
in<r to be allowed bounty lands; which was ordered
to lie on the. table.
Mr. MiLLKR presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New Jersey, requesting the Sen-
ators and Representatives of that State in Con-
