THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
gress, to use their exertions to procure a revision
of the tariff, and the imposition of such discrim-
inating duties, as will afford protection to the va-
rious branches of American manufactures*, which,
without reading, wa3 referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.
SLAVERY AND THE SLAVE-TRADE.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of West Bioomfield, Ontario county, New York,
electors of that State, asking that no State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union, unless the
constitution of such State shall expressly prohibit
the existence of slavery within its limits.
Also, from citizens and electors of West Bloom-
field, Ontario county, in the State of New York,
asking, that whenever a person shall be arrested
as a fugitive slave in any State other than that in
which \tt is held to service, he shall not be de-
livered to the master or agent, unless on the find-
ing of a jury.
Also, from H. C. Goodwin, and two hundred
and thirty-three citizens and electors of Hamilton
county, in the State of New York, to the same
effect.
Also, from citizens of West Bioomfield, On-
tario county, in the same State, asking for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, or
for the removal of the seat of Government to some
more suitable location.
Also, Aom citizens and electors of the same
place, against the admission of any moie slave
States into the Union.
Also, from citizens and electors of the same
place, for the prohibition of slavery and the slave-
trade in the territories.
Also, from citizens and electors of Canandaigua,
Ontario county, New York, against the admission
of any more slave States into the Union, unless
their constitution expressly prohibits slavery.
Also, from citizens of the same place, for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
or the removal of the seat of Government.
Also, from citizens and electors of Hamilton
county, in the Stain of New York, in favor of the
prohibition of slavery in the territories, and
against the admission of any more slave States
into the Union.
Those petitions relating to the territories, he
moved be referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and those lelating to the trial by jury, he
supposed would lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the reception and reference.
Mr. YULEE. I move to lay the question of
reception on the fable.
Mr. SEWARD. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HALE. In the present state of the ques-
tion, injustice may be inadvertently done to some
of these petitioners-, I therefore call for a division
of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from New York present his petitions one at a
time?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly, sir. I present the
petition of citizens and electors of the Sfate of
New York, residing in Hamilton, in the county
of Madison, praying'for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the tenitories, and
against the admission of more slave States into
the Union.
Mr. HALE. Let us have the question on
that.
Mr. SEWARD. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 13ADGER. I desire to know what is the
subject-matter on which we are to vote >
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York presents a petition for the prohibition of
slavery in the territories, and against the admis-
sion of more slave States into the Union.
Mr. HALE. Let the petition be read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
mad?, it must be decided by the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. My objection is
to the reception.
The V*ICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the reading of the petition.
Mr DAVIS, of Mississippi. It certainly can-
not ne read until it is received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the petition may be read.
The Secretary then read the petition as follows:
" Petition for the establishment and protection of freedom
in the territories of the United States, and against the ad-
mission of more slave States into the Union.
" To the] Congress o the United States :
" Tho undersigned, citizens and electors of the State of
New York, residing in Hamilton, in the county of Madison,
respectfully pray, that slavery and the slave-trade may be
expressly prohibited by act of Congress, in all the territories
of the United States; and that no Stale shall hereafter he ad-
mitted into the Union, unless its constitution shall expressly
prohibit the introduction or existence of slavery within its
limits.
" Hamilton, March, 1850."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is, on the motion to lay the question of reception on
the table, and on this, the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken, and were as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Butler, Clemens,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Poote, Huntei,
Km«r. Mason, Prait, Rusk, Sturgeon, anil Yule< —15.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin* Chase, Clay, Corvvin,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Doupla", fVleh, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller,
Phelps, Seward, Smith, Underwood, Upham, Wales, and
Webstei—22.
So the question of reception was not laid on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion to receive.
The motion was agreed to, and the petition was
rcceivcd and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. SEWARD then presented the three other
petitions of a similar character.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, objected to their
reception.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question to
receive, and it was agreed to by a majority of 18
to 13.
These petitions were then severally referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. SEWARD next presented the petition
praying for the abolition of slavery and the slave-
trade in the District of Columbia, or for the re-
moval of the seat of Government to a more suita-
ble location.
Mr. BUTLER. I take occasion to say that I
have always voted in conformity with what I
thought heretofoie to be the usage of the Senate
on this subject, because this putting several sub-
jects togethei into one petition, with a view to in-
troduce one because the others might be intro-
duced, is, in my opinion, a mere evasion of the
rule of the Senate; but 1 give notice now, that, as
the rule has been broken down, by which we have
endeavored to prevent the unnecessary agitation of
these subjects, that they may bring in as many
petitions as they please upon all subjects, and I
will never again laisc my voice against it.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say a word on this
matter. I do not agree with the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina, that we have broken down
any rule. I voted against laying the question of
the reception of the petition on the table, not with
the view of defeating the established rule of the
Senate, but with a desiie to conform to it. But
we have questions before us with regard to pio- {
visional governments for territories, and questions .
before us with regard to the admission of States; :
and these petitions come here praying Congress to j
adopt a certain course of legislation with regard to j
these States and territories. Now, though I total- t
ly disagree with the objects of the petitioners, j
I think it is a proper and legitimate subject on 1
which they are at liberty to make known their i
wishes. j.
While I am up, I will take occasion to say, that, 'j
believing, as I do believe, that we have no consti- ■]
tutional power over one of the subjects embraced il
in one of these petitions, I shall myself object to !i
its reception. J
A Senator. What is it? it
Mr. BADGER. A petition for the removal of 'j
the seat of Government. ,
Mr. SEWARD. On that, then, I call for the ■>
yeas and nays.
Mr. KING. Somo years since, after having
discussed, session after session, the propriety of
receiving petitions of this description, the Chair
decided that, according to parliamentary usage
and parliamentary law, the question should be put
on the reception of every paper, whether it should
be received or not, if it was known to that officer
that any objection existed to its reception. The
object of enforcing that parliamentary rule was, to
put an end, if possible, to the agitation of these
exciting questions, which was only calculated to
produce bad feeling, and array one section of the
Union against another; for, if this agitation could
be avoided, it was desirable that it should be. The
Senate agreed, with one or two exceptions, that
this would be the proper and discreet course for
the Senate of the United States to pursue. It was
carried out in good faith. These petitions, merely
leading to aonation, and to no practical good,
praying for what nine tenths of the Senate be-
lieved they had no constitutional right to bestow,
were laid on the table without debate. A change,
however, has taken place, and a great change.
At that time, there were not more than two or
three individuals who arrayed themselves in oppo-
sition to the rule which was then enforced, and
momorials ceased to come here. Why ? Because
they could not get up discussion—because they
could not get up that excitement in which the fa-
natics of the North so much delight.
They then went to the House of Representa-
tives with their memorials; and why did they go
there? Because there was a rule in the House
against their reception, and I think an unfortunate
rule. I think if the parliamentary law had been
enforced, it would have been much better than the
adoption of the rule. But the rule was adopted;
and what was the consequence? They changed
their tactics. The agitation was not for the recep-
tion of petitions of this kind, but for 44 the right of
petition," and the right of petition carried away
hundreds and thousands of well-meaning men,
who did not understand the nature of the decision
made in regard to these abolition petitions. Be-
lieving, as they honestly did, that the right of pe-
tition was invaded, they acted with the Abolition-
ists in this matter, and, continuing to act with
them, they have, by a very easy transition, be-
come Abolitionists themselves. A change, I re-
peat, has taken place. The Senate of the United
States will no longer endeavor to put down this
excitement—it is to go on. For one, I entirely
agree with the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina; I will never, henceforth, opposeany petition,
let it come from what party it may, or be of what
character it may, even if it should be a petition for
the dissolution of the Union—like the one which
was presented the other day by the Senator from
New Hampshire. If it pleases the majority of
this body to receive petitions of this kind, no ob-
jection shall be raised by me. I now despair of
ever getting clear of this agitation upon subjects
that no man, who is not a miserable fanatic, will
undertake to say that they have a right to petition
upon; for they ask us to do what the Constitution
forbids us to "do, and what the organic laws do
not allow. For myself, I have done.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise for the purpose of
moving that this subject be laid upon the table for
the present, in order that the Senate may now
proceed to the consideration of the order of the
day.
Mr. MANGUM. Let it be decided—let it be
decided.
Mr. POOTE. I have no objection, provided the
discussion terminates at half-past twelve o'clock,
the time for proceeding with the special order.
Mr. MANGUM. Let it be decided; nobody
wants to discuss it.
Mr. BADGER, (to Mr. Foote.) Move to lay
it on the table till to-morrow. I want to say a
word or two upon the subject.
Mr. HALE. Let it be laid upon the table till
to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I consentthat it shall lie upon
the table till to-morrow.
Mr. DICKINSON. I object to its lying upon
the table until to-morrow, i want it decided now.
Mr. FOOTE. Will my honorable friend bear
with me one moment? I understand that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina wishes to
be heard on tins subject, as well as several other
gentlemen, and the hour for taking up my motion
has already arrived.
Mr. DICKINSON. I understand all that, but
there are more petitions of the same sort where
this come from, on which my friend from North
Carolina and the other gentlemen can be heard. I
have a number of reports to present on bills from
the other House, and there are other Senators in
the same position with their reports, but nothing
can be brought in during the morning hour, because
