1830.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ftLOBE.
He had merely propounded an inquiry to the Del-
egate from Oregon.
The clause relating to the expenses ofthe Legis-
lature of Minnesota being under consideration—
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the item of ap-
propriation by striking out $20,600 and inserting
&24.000.
Mr. B. explained, that the same reason which
rendered it necessary to increase the appropriation
for the territorial legislature of Oregon, was ap-
plicable to that of Minnesota.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said that he was
instructed by Uie Committee on the District of
Columbia, to offer the following amendment:
"Til e.itHHil the north, and complete the, eastern winjof
the City Halt building, in the city of Washington, for the
accommodation of the circuit court of the United States for
the District oi Columbia, iisjuries, officers, and records, the
Fum of i-aoxoo, to be expended uwder tile direction of the
Corporation of Washington."
. ^r\^■ I propose before that propo-
sition is introduced, to amend the section, making
appropriation for defraying the expenses of the
Judiciary, by striking "out the sum of $557,537,
and inserting §443,000. And I do this with the view
of ascertaining the reasons which have influenced
the Committee of Ways and Means in making
the large addition to this appropriation which has
been made. By a reference to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill of last year, it will be
found, that the appropriation that was then made
for precisely the same purpose, was the same that
I now propose, viz: $443,0(50. Now, sir, we
have an appropriation in this bill of $557,537. ex-
ceeding the appropriation of last year by $114,537.
The magnitude of this increase is such, that I feel
authorized to inquire of the Committee of Ways
and Means what motives have induced them so
greatly to enlarge, in this item of appropriation,
the expenses of the Government.
It may be all correct, sir, but the various appro-
priations of this year are enormous; they are
greater than they ever were before in a time of
peace, and it becomes this committee to scrutinize
every addition which is proposed to be made to the
appropriations. In this instance we are called on
to make an addition to the usual appropriations
for this purpose of upwards of one hundred and
fourteen thousand dollars. We are called on to
appropriate that much more than has always here-
tofore been appropriated for the same object,
without having any evidences before us to show
that such increase is necessary.
Mr. BAYLY said, the House would recollect
that the appropriations for the judicial expenses
of the country last year proved to be insuffi-
cient, and that they were compelled to pass a
deficiency bill. It was thought by the commit-
tee to be better to make the appropriation large
enough at first, and prevent the necessity for the
passage of any deficiency bills for this object at
all events.
In reference to the expenses of the judiciary, he
had to say precisely what he had said in reference
to other objects of appropriation to which objec-
tion had been raised, on the ground that the ap-
propriations were extravagant, that there was not
a solitary item in the bill, under that head, over
which the committee had any control. The sala-
ries of the judges, of the district attorneys, and of
the marshals were all fixed by law. The contin-
gent expenses of the court, thelaw required should
be settled upon the certificates of the judges, and
until the law was changed, they could not change
a single item of the appropriations, because the
whole of them were for the payment of salaries
and other expenses that were fixed and ascertained
by the existing law. And he begged leave to say
in this connection, that his impression uuquestion-
ably was that there was no department of this Gov-
ernment in which there was such extravagance
as in the judiciary department. And if the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee was in his hear-
ing, he would say to him that, in his opinion, he
could do no more acceptable service to the country
than to take up the subject and rearrange the
whole system. The salaries of the clerks of the
circuit courts were infinitely too high. In a word,
the whole system ought to be changed from be-
ginning to end, with the exception of the salaries
of the judges, which they had no power to touch.
There ought to be an entire change in the law re-
lating to this subject. But that was not the busi-
ness of the Committee of Ways and Means. If
he had been chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, he would have felt it to be his duty to
take up the subject; but the Committee of Ways
and Means could make no alteration in the law; it
was not even theij duty to propose, an alteration.
Their business was to provide ways and means
for carrying out the provisions of existing laws;
and gentlemen were treating that committee with
great injustiee, when they complained of the ex-
i travagance of the appropriations, and yet made
! no effort to change the existing law.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, then renewed his
motion to amend in regard to the City Hall, as stated
above.
He would state, he said, in explanation of this
amendment, that the subject had been investigated
by the Committee on the District of Columbia, by
which he had been directed to propose the amend-
ment. Last year there had been an appropriation
made to aid in the completion of the building, and
the money appropriated had been expended. The
appropriation now proposed was to provide ac-
commodations for the criminal court. Whenever
that court chanced to sit, as was frequently the
case, at the same time that the district court was
in session, one or the other was compelled to ad-
journ, there being but one room in which court
could be held. And he was informed also by those
who knew the fact, that there was at present no
proper place for keeping the papers and records of
the court. A safe and convenient place for this
purpose was very much needed. The Committee
on the District of Columhia, as he had already re-
marked, had looked into the subject, and they con-
sidered the appropriation as being rightand proper.
It might be proper for him to mention, also, that
the Government had not expended as much money
upon that building as the Distriftt had, and would
not have done so, if they passed this appropria-
tion. Under the circumstances he thought the ap-
propriation ought to pass, and he hoped it would
be adopted by the committee.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment, tellers were demanded and ordered.
Mr. JONES desired merely to say") that at the
last session of Congress, there had been thirty
thousand dollars appropriated for the completion
of the building. His own opinion was that there
was sufficient room for all the courts that were re-
quired to be held under the laws of the United
States for this District."
Mr. BROWN again stated that there was but
one room for the accommodation of the two I
courts, the Criminal Court and the District Court. !
Mr. JONES said there must certainly be room ;
enough in the building to make more than one
court room.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, desired to
know if there was any law which authorized the
building of this wing referred to in the amend- ,
ment?
There was no reply to the inquiry heard by the
reporter.
The question was then taken. The votes hav-
ing been counted, the tellers reported 60 in the
affirmative and 71 in the negative. So the amend- i
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. HAYMOND moved the following to come
in at the end of the appropriation for defraying ,
the expenses of the Supreme and Circuit Courts :
of the United States, viz:
"That the first proviso of an act makinff appropriation
for the civil ami diplomatic expenses of Gm ermnetit for the
year 1841, in rflation to the fec<; of the ntficprs of the Cir-
cuit and District Courts of the United States, is hereby le-
pealed."
Mr. H. said he understood from the officers of
the Circuit Court, in the district in which he
lived, that this proviso to the appropriation bill of
1841 was considered by the judges of the court,
and by the accounting officers of the Treasury
under the late Administration, as not being in
force—as being inoperative, in consequence of
being: attached to an appropriation bill only. Byt
the first proviso it was enacted, that if the fees of
the clerk exceeded $1,500 he should not be enti-
tled to the allowance provided for by the act of
1799, which authorized him to charge one-third
as much as the officers of the State courts charge
for the same service. If his fees amounted to less
than §1,500 he was entitled to make this addi-
tional charge; but if they exceeded $1,500 by the ;
smallest fraction, he was deprived of that right. ■
They were frequently at a loss, consequently,
under which law to mske out their charges.
There were two provisos to that bill, i. e., the
appropriation bill of 1841. The second proviso
.limited the amount that should be retained by*
the marshal of the northern district of New
York. That proviso ought probably to be re-
tained, but the first one ought to be stricken out.
It would then stand upon the same principle as
before the adoption of that proviso. As applied
to the courts of Virginia it was a very great in-
justice towards that officer. He performed the
duties of clerk for four courts, and his fees did not
amount to $2,000 a year; and yet he was com-
pelled to suffer this reduction of his .proper income.
If the law was restored to what it was before the
adoption of that proviso, then, if his fees exceeded
$3,000, he would have to pay the excess, whatever
it mi«;ht be, into the Treasury.
Three thousand dollars, he thought, was not too
much; on the contrary it was but a moderate com-
pensation for the services requited from this officer.
He had had a conversation with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means on the sub-
ject, and he understood him as approving of the
amendment which he had now proposed. And in
order that the House might understand the true
merits of the case better tnan they could do from
his explanation, be would ask for the reading of a
paper which he sent to the Clerk.
The paper was read.
Mr. Y1NTON remarked, that in reference to
the proviso which the gentleman proposed to re-
peal, he was not able to say whether it ought to
be repealed or not; but as was said by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, he
was satisfied that the whole subject ouj*ht to be
revised. Instead of changing a particular part of
the system, the whole ought to be remodeled.
There were great abuses in the judiciary depart-
ment, greater than in any other department of the
Government. Some two or three years ago, those
abuses, in the estimation of the Supreme Court of
the United States, were so great, that Justice Story
and Justice McLean drew up a bill for regulating
and making uniform the expanses of the courts,
so far as regarded the salaries of the officers of the
courts throughout the United States. And the
Committee on the Judiciary now, he had no doiiht,
would find among: their papers that bill. It was
not disposed of in consequence of being brought in
at too Jate a period to be acted upon. But he was
sure, that if the committee would take up the sub-
ject, and prepare such a bill as the one he had re-
ferred to, they would be performing an acceptable
service; but he thought they should not undertake
the repealing of any portion of the laws upon this
subject, unless with gieat caution, because they
mi?ht produce mischief instead of doing good.
Mr. THOMAS inquired if the amendment was
in order*
The CHAIRMAN ruled that it was not in order.
Mr. TAYLOR moved the following amend-
ment:
" To extend the north, and complete the eastern wing of
the Ciiv Hal! bui'ding in the city of Washington, /or the ac-
commodation of t^e Citcnit Court of the United States /or
the District of Columbia, its jurors, officers, and records,
the sum of $10,000, to be expanded under the dueetum of
the Corporation of Washington."
Mr. T. said, he hoped the committee would be
disposed to give at least $10,000, although they
had refused to give $20,000, to be expended in
providing accommodations for theCriminal Couit
of the District of Columbia, that that court might
have a place where it could hold its sittings. The
committee, probably, were notaware that the city
of Washington had expended in building the City
Hall, about $70,000; that the city had provided for
the accommodation of the United States courts for
the last twenty-five or thirty years, without the
expense of a single dollar to the Government. At
the last session a sum of money was appropriated
to complete the building, to be expended with a
like sum furnished by the city. That appropri-
ation had been expended. And he certainly
thought it was but a reasonable request that there
should be a small sum appropriated for furnishing
accommodations for the Criminal Court of the
District.
It was an appeal to the liberality of Congress—
to their sense of propriety, of justice, of right, of
duty. It seemed to him that they were impera-
tively called upon to provide a place for" the sitting
of the courts of the United States. He trusted
