1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5fcf
no morning business done, and will have no morn-
ing business done for a month -to come, if that
course be taken. It is perfectly evident, that upon
this motion of the Senator from Mississippi, cer-
tain gentlemen are to make speeches upon the
general question. We have now the Senator from
Michigan giving us a valuable speech, doubtless,
upon the general questions involved between the
parties, discussing all those matters which are
being discussed upon the California bill, upon the
resolutions of the Senatorfrom Kentucky,and upon
the fugitive-slave bill. They are all dragged into
this discussion, upon the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi. Now, sir, I suppose that this
matter will be disposed of, whep gentlemen shall
conceive that they have talked enough—that this
committee shall be raised, and the matter referred
to arbitrators, to go out and settle it; but they wish
to leave one or two resolutions behind, as a tag to
the whole, and permit gentlemen to go on and talk
about that. Sir, this is a mode of moving the pre-
vious question in the Senate of the United States,
to which I, at least, am not accustomed. I would
remind the Senate, with great respect, that 1 had
the floor upon the general propositions now grow-
ing out of this question, upon the fugilive-slave
bill, two months ago, and have kept it ever since.
But one gentleman has announced, I will occupy
the attention of the Senate and of the country at
such a day; and another, I will be heard upon
such a day; and yet a third, younger, perhaps,
than they, taking his place by the side of the
speaker, w atches when the last word dies from
his hps, and says, " Mr. Presidtmt." Sir, I have
done neither one thing nor the other; but I mean
to be heard upon this question, and I mean to be
heard upon it before the committee is raised—be-
fore the arbitrators are sent out. I will not, for 1
cannot, stand here with a sense of self-respect, and
talk about these questions, while the arbitrators
are considering them. With great respect toward
my friends around me, I will say, that I have not
agreed with the propriety of the course of the
Senate, in yielding the floor day after day to Sen-
ators, who are constantly giving way toothers,
more desirous to press forward in the delivery of
their sentiments. The proposition is before us to
postpone the matter until half-past twelve o'clock
to-morrow. The Senator from Michigan, who
has occupied the floor for three-quarters of an hour
to-day, is to continue to-morrow, and I suppose
as much more time will then be taken up. When
he has concluded, what hinders any one of those
many gentlemen, who are waiting near his seat,
from taking the floor, and likewise delivering their
sentiments? The general subject is here—it is be-
fore the country, and whether discussed upon the
resolutions of the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, upon the fugitive-slave bill, upon the Cal-
ifornia bill, or upon this resolution of the Senator
from Mississippi, is totally immaterial. It is
to be discussed, and it will be discussed, before the
committee is raised and sent from the chamber.
I therefore think, sir, with great respect for the
judgment and the sentiments of those who differ
from me, that this resolution ought to stand over
until one o'clock, to take its chance with all the
rest. Then my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Badger] can speak upon any branch of the sub-
ject, as he may be disposed; but it ought not, 1
submit, to take up the morning hour.
Mr. D. concluded, by moving to amend by sub-
stituting the hour of one o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE remarked, that the Senatorfrom
North Carolina had the floor on a different ques-
tion to-morrow. .
Mr. BADGER expressed his willingness, that
the subject upon which he had the floor should be
postponed until Monday, and that to-morrow
should be given up to this subject.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts. There has
been such an unusual mode of assigning the floor
to one gentleman and to another, to make one
subject the special order for one o'clock, and then
another a special order for the same time, that we
have fallen into very great confusion. It was the
pleasure of the Senate yesterday morning to direct
that the census bill should be made the special or-
der of the day for one o'clock to-day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will suggest that I will
waive speaking until it is the pleasure of the ben-
ate to hear me.
Several Senators. No, no, no.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, 1
will make it all right. The Senator from Illinois
is extremely anxious,, for a reason which he has
assigned to me, to leave the city. This census
bill I consider in the hands of the Senate. 1 am
willing, personally, to yield the accommodation to
my friend from Illinois, and to allow him to speak
to-day, provided it is the pleasure of the Senate
that he should do so, and ir this bill can be made
the order of the day for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Nor do I wish it to be displaced by these topics,
which all seem to belong to one subject of discus-
sion. I hope that the Senate will favor me so far,
that if the Senator from Illinois takes precedence
to-day, the census bill shall be postponed and
made the special order for one o'clock to-morrow.
While I am up, I will make that motion.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator will remember 
Mr. DAVrS, (continuing ) And I call upon
the Senator from Mississippi to aid and assist me,
! for I have been postponed to assist his bill.
I Mr. FOOTE. The motion cannot be made
! while this is pending.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I will not interfere.
My object in rising was to suggest that I would
make that motion, and to request that such a dis-
position of this matter now before us might be
made as should not interfere with it.
Mr. CASS. I am very unwilling to make any
opposition, but I must ask the indulgence of the
Senate to-morrow morning to terminate my re-
marks. I have promised not to be long, but I
cannot consent that the subject I have already
commenced should be separated four or five days,
when my sentiments are partly out.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. It is with the
greatest reluctance that I make any possible ob-
jection to a request of that sort; but 1 must call
upon the Senate, if they mean that the census bill
shall be passed, to assist me in preventing us be-
ing thrown over here from day to day.
Mr. FOOTE. We can take it up early next
week.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator assign a day
when it shall go through ?
Several Senators. Move Friday.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, Mf. President, I move
that it be made the special order of the day for
Friday next, taking precedence of all other orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated, thatthe ques-
tion could not be taken upon that motion, until the
pending question was disposed of.
The question being then taken upon the motion
to postpone the further consideration of the reso-
lutions submitted by Mr. Bell, until to-morrow,
it was agreed to.
THE CENSUS BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the next busi-
ness before the Senate to be, the special order for
one o'clock this day, to wit: the bill providing for
the taking of the seventh census.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, then repeated
his motion.
Mr. BRADBURY desired to call the attention
of the Senatorfrom Connecticut [Mr. Smith] to
that motion, as it was his (Mr. B.'s) intention to
call up the resolution upon the removal of officers
upon that day.
Mr. SMITH. The speech of the honorable
Senator was made so long ago, that the statute of
limitation has run out any right that I may have
had to reply to it. [Laughter ]
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Maine
can renew the right by a new promise. [Renewed
laughter.]
The question being then taken npon the motion
to postpone the further consideration of the ccnsus
bill until Friday next, and to make it the special
order for one o'clock on that day, it was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, being the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting the consti-
tution of the State of California.
Mr. DOUGLAS, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate for two hours. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. UPHAM interrupted the honorable gentle-
man, to inquire if he would give way for a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS said he would yield the floor,
if he could have an assurance that he could pro-
ceed to-morrow ; otherwise he should prefer to
continue this evening.
Mr. BADGER, who was entitled to the floor oh
Thursday , on another special order, said he had
no disposition to deprive the Senator from Illinois
of an opportunity to conclude his remarks to-
morrow. Rather than interpose any obstacle in
the^way of the honorable Senator, he would con-
sent that the special order on which he was entitled
to the floor, should be postponed to Mondeiy or
Tuesday next.
It being understood that the Senator from Illi-
nois would retain the floor to-morrow,
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 14,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr.McLEAN,ofKentucky, moved sotoamend
it as to state the fact, that he had, yesterday, moved
that the evidence reported in the case of John W.
Nye, should be printed, together with the report
and resolutions.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
JONES, McLEAN, and FOWLER, participated.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called the yeas and
nays, which were refused.
The question was then taken, and by ayes 81,
noes 47, was decided in the affirmative.
So the Journal was ordered to be amended.
Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr. JONES briefly advocated the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. McLEAN opposed it.
Mr. INGE moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
After some conversation between Mr. CROW-
ELL and the SPEAKER, on a point of order, the
question was taken, and decided lit the negative.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. BOWLIN briefly opposed the printing.
The whole claim, hesaid, would probably not pay
for the expense of it.
After an enquiry by Mr. HUNTER—
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question.
There was a second, and the mam question was
ordered to be now taken.
The question, "Shall the vote by which the
printing of the said evidence was ordered, be re-
considered ?" was taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive, without a division.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question then recurring on the motion
to print,
Mr. MASON said, the case now under consid-
eration was originally referred to the Committee
on Accounts, and as a member of that committee,
it had been placed in his hands for examination.
He gave to it a careful consideration, and was well
satisfied from the proof, that the claim was just,
and ought to be paid. He, (Mr. M.,) with an
understanding with Mr. Nye, that he would abide
by the decision of that committee, moved to refer
the claim to a select committee. The House
thought proper to refer it to the Committee on
Claims, and that committee have reported a bill in
his favor for $500, the exact sum which the Ju-
diciary Committee, at the last session, thought just
and proper. An attempt has been made outside
of this House, to create'a prejudice against this
claimant and his demand, and this attempt does
him great injustice. Personally he (Mr. M.)
knew nothing of the man; but he was well satis-
fied, from the very full and satisfactory proof in
the papers, that he was rightfully entitled to the
sum reported m the bill. If the gentleman will
examine the proof, he will find, that he is not only
entitled to this amount, but as much as $5,600
upon another claim. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bowlin] would deny this man the mod-
erate sum asked for by the bill, because, as he al-
leges, the claimant has been importunate.
Mr BOWLIN here interposed, and was under-
stood "to say, that he had said nothing m regard to
the merits of the claim; but had confined his re-
marks to the question of printing.
Mr. MASON, (resuming.) Does the gentleman
deny that several standing committees of the Sen-
ate and the House have repeatedly reported in
favor of this claim ?
Mr. THOMAS interrupted Mr. MASON, and
