1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
MAIL TO MEXICO.
On the motion of Mr. SOULE the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to provide
for a tri-monthly mail from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz and Tampico, in Mexico, by steamers or sail-
ing vessels.
The pending question was the motion of Mr.
YULEE to strike out the words "or sailing."
The PRESIDENT proceeded to take the ques-
tion on striking out, and on a division there were
thirteen in the affirmative and three in the nega-
tive—no quorum voting.
Mr. SOCJLE. The object of the amendment is
so to modify the section as to make it provide for
steam vessels only, instead of, as originally re-
ported , by steamers or sailing vessels. It has been
considered by the mover that, unless this service
shall be required to be performed by steam, the
service cannot be executed with anything like reg-
ularity, and being satisfied with the reasons ad-
duced in support of that opinion, I have agreed to
the amendment, and hope it will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 do not know
that I perfectly understand the object of this bill.
Is it to establish a new line from New Orleans to
Vera Cruz, or to extend some existing line ?
Mr. SOULE. The object is to create a line by
means of a contract, and the probability is, that it
will be taken by one of the lines already established.
If this should not be so, the sum allowed by
this bill, which I propose to fix at §75,000, would,
in all probability, not be sufficient to enable the
Post Office Department to accomplish the end it
contemplates by this bill. For the sum of $76,000
it^cannot be expected that any one would establish
a new line for the purpose of performing this ser-
vice. The bill merely proposes to place such
power in the hands of the head of the Post Office
Department as will enable him to make a contract
to carry out the service. Prom a letter which I
have received from the Postmaster General, which
I have now in my hand, it wiil be perceived that
he concurs in the expediency of such an enact-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I had sup-
posed that there was a regular mail from iNew Or-
leans to Galveston, and 1 suppose that line may
be extended to VeraCruz without incurring any
very great expense. By this means a regular line
may be established, and 1 have risen simply to in-
quire why that has not been proposed ? 1 think
that would be the more economical plan. But 1
should be glad to have the views of the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads upon this subject.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the bill introduced
by the Senator from Louisiana contemplates the
establishment of a line from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz. But it leaves it with the Postmaster Gen-
eral to make a contract for the transportation of
the maii tri-monthly from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz.ill such manner as he may deem most advi-
sable, limiting him to the expenditure of a very
small amount of money to accomplish this pur-
pose. It would have been improper to have re-
quired the extension of the line now in operation
beiween New Orleans and Galveston, because
then it would have made a monopoly in favor of
the company, owning that line, and they could
have requiied any sum they chose for performing
the service. As the bill stands, it leaves the mat-
ter with the Postmaster General. He can make a
contract with those who now carry the mail be-
tween New Orleans,and Galveston, under these
tein.s, which I have no doubt he will do. But
if it was required to extend that mail to Vera
Cruz, that line would Tie a monopoly and could j
command what price its owners chose to ask.
The Postmaster General, therefore, is not left at
liberty to make a contract wish them on more fa- j
voraule terms than with anybody else. t
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 did not mean |
that the right should be placed in the hands of that
company; I merely inquired why thi" line to Gal-
veston could not beextended to Vera Cruz, through
them or through other contractors.
Mr. RUSK. That would have,the same effect.
The Postmaster General can contract with the
company that now carry the mail between New
Orleans and Galveston, to carry a tri-monthly
mail to Vera Cruz, on the terms proposed in tins
bill.
While up, I would say that I lookttpon this as
a very important route, and one which ought to
have been established before. It is not only ne-
cessary-, so far as the transmission of mail matter
is concerned, but it is important in another pollt
of view. We are dependent now on-the British
mails for nearly all our communications with Vera
Cruz. We have no regular line of our own run-
ning there. The value of a commerce with Mex-
ico has always been under-estimated in this coun-
try. Some years ago we had a very extensive
trade with Mexico. It has dwindled down to very
little, because there is hardly any intercourse be-
tween the United States and Mexico. The estab-
lishment of 'this line, while it is necessary for
transporting mail matter, would, in my opinion,
shortly more than pay for the outlay, because it
would have a tendency to open a commerce with
Mexico. Why, since the establishment of lines
to the Rio Grande, a commerce amounting to five
millions of dollars has giown up with Mexico.
Before their esiablishment, there was not a com-
merce of the value of one hundred thousand dol-
lars annually, i am quite sure I am coirect in
this. This will show ol what value a line between
New Orleans and Vera Cruz would be.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, if it be a part
of the policy of this Government (as stated by
my friend from Texas) to fosier'and sustain the
commerce of this counuy out of the national Treas-
ury, when that interest is too weak to support it-
self, according to the natuial laws of trade, 1 con-
cur in opinion with him, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, that this bill ought to pass.
But if, on the contrary, policy dictates and duty
requites those of us who direct the affairs of the
General Government to so shape legislation as not
to identify her interests with any measures that'
are not truly national, and avoid all partnerships
with individuals, and which maybe regarded as
experiments, then this measure ought not to pass.
When this measure was before the Senate for
confederation a few days since, I objecteu to it on
general grounds. I stated then, what I will repeat
now, 1 am opposed to all laws that let out jobs;
and this steam mail service, which is rapidly glow-
ing and attaching itself to the national Treasury
for support, conies emphatically under that head.
Knowing the interest felt in various quarters to
connect the commerce of New Orleans and Vera
Cruz, and conceding that it is desirable in many
points of view to effec! this object, and being par-
ticularly desirous to concur m opinion with my
friend from Louisiana, who has charge of this bill,
I have reviewed my former opinions, and looked
further into the facts, hoping I might be able to
join in its support, but realiy, Mr. President, I
cannot.
We direct the Postmaster General by this bill to
pay seventy-five thousand dollars per annum for
transporting the mail tri-monthly between the
points I have mentioned, a distance of about six or
seven hundred miles.
Mr. SOULE. More.
Mr. BRIGHT. Admit that it is something more,
I will venture it is a hundred per cent, higher than
payment for similar service m any part of the
United States. Take, if you please, the mail ser-
vice between Cincinnati arid Louisville, a distance
of one hundred and fifty miles, and a daily mail.
The Government pays less than four thousand
dollars per year; there freight and passengers are
the basis of that trade, and the mail service is a
mere auxiliary; and so, in a short time, I appre-
hend, would be the case on the line proposed to be
established by this bill. Seventy-five thousand
dollars per annum, sir, will nearly, and I believe
quite, defray the actual expenses of running two
boats of the kind and tonnage that I presume
would be run between the points indicated in the
bill, leaving as profit to the fortunate recipient of
Government favor all that could be made by tr*vel
and commerce. And, sir, if the anticipations of
my friend from Louisiana are anything like real-
ized in this particular, it would be wrong to let
any one man or company of men have control of
it for ten years, (the length of time proposed by
the bill;) for, properly divided, it would make a
city rich.
1 do not wish, however, to follow out the de-
tails of this subject. I am content to state my
general objections to the bill, and avow my hos-
tility to every proposition that looks to the na-
tional Treasury for support, rather than the service
of which it forms a part. Satisfy me that the
receipts from mailable matter will approximate
near to the sum proposed to paid 'for carrying
it, and I will yield my ^objections. Otherwise I
cannot.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, I hope the Sen-
ator from Indiana will withdraw his objections,
when he considers what objects are to be promo-
ted by the passage of this bill. Although the
carrying matters of mail be the main object which
this bill is intended to effect, yet if the measure
can collaterally improve the mercantile relations ,
of this country with neighboring countries, I '
cannot see that this should be an objection to its
passage.
There was a time when the commerce between ■
Mexico and this country wag very extensive. At
that time we received almost two-thirds of all the
bullion that was exported from that country. At
present, on account of the utter want of means
of intercourse bet^ een this country and Mexico,
not only are we deprived of the benefits which
we might derive from that one of the many
branchesof commerce with that country, but from
the fact that the English mail steamers have lately
ceased running, we have no means of communi-
cating with that country at all. Now, 1 would
submit to the Sehate whether or not it be not
of the highest interest to this country that we
should promote social as well as mercantile rela-
tions wiih Mexico.
I would furthermore remark that the excess of
revenue from the post office at New Orleans ex-
ceeds §47,000, which, if applied to the service es-
tablished by this act, wifl go very far to cover
whatever expenditure may be incurred on account
of it by the Government over and besides what
the service itself will undoubtedly yield. Prom
the nature of the connection which now exists be-
tween Mexico and this country, and of the ref-
lations which will be created by the establishment
of sueh a line, it is more than likely that before
six months have elapsed, the whole expendiiure
will be covered by the proceeds of the mail. I
hope, therefore, that the Senator wiil not press his
objection, and will suffer the bill to pass without
further opposition.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise only to say that the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] who is ab-
sent, would probably have voted in favor of this .
bill had he been here. 1 am opposed to this bill,
but I have agreed with him not to vote on any
question to-day, and, therefore, I shall not vote
at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the considerations presented
by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Socle] are
so important, in his estimation, as still to make it'
his duty to press this measure, I could be induced
to yield my objections, m part, by a provision
which would direct the Postmaster Genera! to dis-
pose of the contract to carry tri-monthly mails
between these two points upon the same terms
that contracts for other services of a similar nature
have been disposed of. But the bill as offered
authorizes the contracting officer to pay $75,000
per annum, which 1 think I have shown is en-
tirely too much. Any gentleman who will make
the calculation, will at once see that the price to
be paid would defray the expense of performing
this service, without a dollar of income from
sources such as those mentioned. Now, if the
bill be so amended as to let the contract to the
lowest bidder, reducing the time and striking out
the appropriation, I may vote for it, but as it is, I
repeat 1 cannot.
Mr. SOULE. The reference made in the bill
to the existing law, places the contract exactly
upon the footing that the Senator wishes. The
contiact is to be placed at the disposal of the Post-
master General, to be given to the lowest bidder.
The sum of $75,000 is not the amount to be ex-
pended by the department, but the limit imposed
by law as to the amount of the expendituie which
he may be allowed to incur. 1 will accept of any
reasonable amendment which the Senator may
propose.
Mr. BRIGHT. The limitation in all bills
framed upon the principle that (his is, experience
proves, has resulted m closing the contract at this
amount named as an ultimatum. Every Senator
present, conversant with such subjects, will bear
witness that whatever limitation is' fixed ma bill
of this description, at that rate is the contract
taken, the officer feeling authorized to accept at
the figures we pass upon. The honorable Sena-
tor's offer to receive amendments embracing the
