GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $ 0 FORT HIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 18S0.
bile, he did not see the necessity of having an in-
termediate one. It apppeared that the United
States had already gone to the expense of $14,GOG
in erecting buildings upon that island; and the
question presented to him was, whether these
buildings should be made available to the United
States by selling them, or whether they should'
give them away to the nominal purchaser of the
island ? for if we did nt>t take the is'land, General
Twig s, General L,awson, or some other officer
would take all the improvements, unless there was
a special contract reserving to the United States
the right to sell the improvements, after the tem-
porary purpose for which they were erected had
been answered. Unless some gentleman would
give him a reason for believing that the permanent
possession of that island would be of use to the
tJnited States, lie would insist upon his amend-
ment. If his friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, would assign some
plausible reason why the United States should be
the permanent owner of the island, he would either
withdraw his amendment or vote against it.
Mr. BAYLY said, he felt under obligation to
Ms colleague, (Mr. Meade,] for giving him (Mr.
B.) an opportunity to take the view of the subject
which his colleague had presented. He (Mr. B.)
could not do so before on the amendment as
offered. This island ought not to be sold. It was
absolutely required for the use of the country, and
it was a matter of surprise that the Government
had, in the first instance, sold it as public land.
The troops had to be removed from Mobile and
other adjacent stations in the Summer, to some
tiralthy point. This had to be done every year;
and if the troops were not carried to Greenwood's
Island, they must be sent to some other point.
This island was equt-distant between Pensaco-
la and New Orleans, and within sixty miles of
Mobile; and the Surgeon General represented that
St was the best place within five hundred miles of
New Orleans, and the adjacent stations, for a Sum-
mer retreat for the soldiers.
Mr. 8. here read a paragraph from a letter of
General Lawson, showing the value and import-
ance of the island.
Now, Mr. B. submitted, unlesss Congress meant
that all the troops in barracks at New Orleans,
Mobile, and other places, were to die of yellow
fever, it would be necessary to provide some place
for a Summer retreat. This island was of easy
access by steamboat. The troops could be trans-
ported to it at very little expense, and there was a
good back country, from which they could be sup-
plied with fresh provisions. If the island were
given up, the troops would have to be sent to less
eligible points. By retaining the island, the troops
could be taken out of the neighborhood of the set-
tled parts of the country, where they could obtain
fish, oysters, and fresh provisions from the main
land. He hoped that the proposition to sell the
island would be voted down.
Mr. MEADE said, that by the unanimous con-
sent of the committee, he would withdraw his
amendment.
Objection having been made, the amendment was
not withdrawn.
Thequestion wa|then taken,and theamendment
was rejected.
The question recurred on the' amendment of
Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, to strike out the item,
of appropriation.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Savage and
Hampton were appointed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 47, noes 78.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of th£bill.
Mr. ALBERTSON moved to amend the bill at
the end of the clause making appropriation to
cover the expenses attending the geological exam-
ination and survey of the mineral la.nds, by adding
thereto the following, viz:
" For tli'1 survey and examination of tlie coat fields,on the
Ohio river, between the Falls of the Ohio and the mouth of
the Cumberland river, §10,000.
Mr. A. advocated the adoption of his amend-
102
New Series...,.No. 102.
ment, on the ground thatliis district abounded in
coal. He was proceeding to show the extent of
the coal mines at the thriving town of Carralton,
and the superior quality of the coal, when
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order. He
submitted that there was no law authorizing the
appropriation contemplated by the amendment.
The. CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman make
the question that this amendment is not in order ?
Mr. JONES. I submit whether it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN said, the amendment, in the
judgment of the Chair, was not in order. This
was not publtc property.
Mr. JONES said, as he understood, this was
private property.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair had decided
the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to submit
that this was as much public property as the min-
eral lands. He, therefore, appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. JO^ES desired to put an inquiry to the
( gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Albertson ]
Were the lands proposed by the amendment to be
surveyed public lands, or did they belong to in-
dividuals >
Mr._ ALBERTSON was understood to say, that
a portion was public land. At Canton, (Mr. A.
added,) it was known that the coal lands were very
extensive.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed, and
the amendment was not received.
FOREIGN INTERCOURSE.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he was instructed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come m at the end of the
clause providing salaries for the Secretaries of
Legation abroad:
" For compensation to Theodore S, Pay, Secretary of
Legation to Prussia, lor his seivices as acting Charge d'af-
faires to that government, $1,701 40, which shall be in full
of his claim lor all such s-ervices."
Mr. HALL, (to the Chair.) la this amend-
ment in order?
Mr- McCLERNAND requested the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to waive hfe point of
order for the moment, to allow him (Mr. McC.)
to make a statement.
Mr. HALL withdrew his point of order for the
present.
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment was not
in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, by reference to past
legislation, it would be found that it had been the
uniform practice to add appropriations similar to
the one he had moved to the general appropriation
bill. It had been customary, in case of the ab-
sence of a minister from the Government to which
he was accredited, or in case of a vacancy in an
established mission, to allow the Secretary to the
mission the pay of a charge d'affaires, for the
period of his service during such absence or va-
cancy. It was to extend the benefit of this prac-
tice to Mr. Fay, that the amendment had been
moved.
The CHAIRMAN (interposing) said that ar-
gument was not in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the Chair hear
the suggestion I desire to make? The Chair will
perceive in a moment, that such appropriations
are incidental to the administration of our foreign
affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman have
the goodness to state where these services were
rendered, and in what year?
Mr. McCLERNAND. They commenced on
*he 18'-h of July, and extended to the month of
October, 1848. They commenced again on the
30th of January, and extended to the 18th of June,
1849, embracing, altogether, a period of eight
months and five days, and were rendered near the
Prussian Government, 'if the Chair is in doubt
as to whether the amendment is in order, 1 can
refer to numerous precedents.
The amendment was again read.
The CKAIR. This is a bill making appropri-
ations for the fiscal year commencing on the.first
day of July last. The eighty-first rale authorizes
amendmentstobe offered to provide for contingen-
cies in the service of any of the departments. In
the opinion of the Chair these contingencies must
be for the future. This amendment is a proposi-
tion to pay an individual a claim of a private na-
ture for services past, and, in the opinion of the
Chair, is not in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Notfrom any personal
feeling, but from a sense of duty 
The CHAIR interrupting. Does the gentleman,
appeal from the decision?
Mr. McCLERNAND. From a sense of duty,
and upon the authority of the uniform practice of
Congress in regard to such appropriations, not
from any personal _ feeling, I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Tellers were ordered on the appeal, and Messrs.
Wallace and Gould were appointed.
Mr. STANLY, (to the Chair.) Is it in order to
say that the Corrumttee on Foreign Affairs were
unanimous in favor of making, this appropriation
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. [Re-
newed laughter.]
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committeer" was
then taken * and the vote stood ayes 67, noes 54.-
So the decision of the Chair was affirhied, and
the amendment was declared to be out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the following
amendment:
"For the full pay'of the claim of Robert M. Walsh, Sec-
retaiy of ligation to M-xico, for his services as acting
I Charj^ des Affaires to ^aid Government, the sum ot $1,673.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had moved it
under the instructions of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. &
Mr. HALL submitted that this amendment was
of the same character as that which had just been
ruled out of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I shall not appeal from'
the decision, although I must say that it reverses
the whole practice of Congress in regard to such
appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. AH remarks are out of
order.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. VINTON. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Tellers were ordered on the appeal,and Messrs.
Corwint and Ross were appointed.
Mr. STANLY, (to the Chair.) Under what
rule does the Chair decide that this amendment is
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Underthe eighty-first rule.
Mr. STANLY. 1 ask for the reading of the
rule.
It was read, as follows:
"81. No aopiopriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not proviou-ly autliorizvd by law, un-
less in continuation ot appropriations for such public works •
and objects as are already in progress, and lor the contin-
gencies of carrying on the several depaitments of the Gov-
ernment."
The CHAIRMAN directed the eighty-second
rule to be read;
"It shall be the duty of the Committee of Claims to take
into consideration all such petitions and matters or things
touching claims and demands on the United Slates,as shall
be presented, or shall or may come in question, and re-
ferred to them by the House; and to repoit their opinion
thereupon, together with such propositions for reliefthereia
as to them shall seem expedient."
Mr. HILL1ARD inquired if this was not an
appropriation for carrying on the State Depart-
ment? t
The CHAIRMAN replied that, in his opinion,
it was no such contingency as made it in order.
The Chair regarded that the contingencies provi-
ded for in the eighty-first rule were such as
were prospectively necessary for carrying on the
