1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
523
with matter which is not necessarily connected
with it. Let the bill come up for consideration in
its regular course; and then, if he could be satisfied
that it ought not to pass, he would feel himself at
liberty to vote against it.
Mr. HUNTER said he hoped the vote would be
reconsidered, for the purpose of bringing under
the consideration of the committee some facts
which had been presented here since this report
was made. A petition, with about three hundred
signatures, had been presented from a part of the
country near his district, on the other side of the
line. He held in his hand^another, very numer-
ously signed. Both these petitions were adverse
to this renewal. He hoped the bill would go back
to the committee, in order that they might have in
their charge all matters relating to this question.
It was very well known to all gentlemen, conver-
sant with our mode of doing business, that, when
a bill comes up for discussion, there is but little
opportunity for investigating its merits. He had
been for many years engaged in a business which
this machine must entirely destroy. He hoped
the hill would be sent back, and he thought it
probable that, if the committee examined all the
documents which would be brought before them,
they might come to a different conclusion. Thts
patent had now some seven years to run, and he
could see no occasion for this hot haste in dis-
posing of the subject.
Mr. OTIS rose and expressed a wish, as a
member of the Committee on Patents, to make a
brief explanation of his views on ihe subject of this
bill. He would ask the Clerk to read the resolu-
tions adopted by a convention of mechanics, which
assembled at Syracuse, in the State of New York.
The Clerk then read the following resolu-
tions:
1. Revolved, That originators of valuable inventions de-
serve encouragement and protection, and nothing so much
endangers their security as fraudulently-obtained patents,
oppressive exactions, and frequent renewals by Congress.
2 Resolved, That fourteen years of exclusive enjoyment
of the use of a patented invention should, in general, be
deemed a sufficient compensation to the inventor; and a
patentee who has already enjoyed for twenty-one years, the
sale of his invention, has no claims for further extension.
3. Resolved, That the reissued patent to the administrator
of William Woodworth, combined important improvements
which other mechanics have made in similar machinery,
since 1838, and covers principles and combinations never
invented, or claimed, by the original patentee*, that such
reissued patent is, in the judgment of this convention, a
fraud and imposture ; and they protest against that renewal
bemff sanctioned bv legislative construction.
4*Resolve<l, Thut it is charged, upon reliable authority,
that the renewed patent of 1845, to Woodworth's adminis-
trator, was obtained by misttpiesentation and fraud—lhat
til" pretended rights under it have been used oppressively—
that great extortion ha* been practised—that judgments
have been obtained to support said patent in the courts, by
collusion of the parties, and this convention respectfully
recommend to Congress to appoint a committee w ith power
to send for peisons and papers, who may thoroughly investi-
gate all such charges.
5. Resolved, That we protest against a further renewal or
said patent hy Congress, and ask a repeal of the last act of
renewal, or such amendment as will confine the represent-
atives off-aid patentee to the use and enjoyment of the ma-
chine described in the specifications upon which the first
patent vva- issued. . , _
6. Resolved, That we remonstrate against the passage rtt
the bill reporied to the Senat" ofthe United States, in rela-
tion to the importation of article* that may he m whole or
In part manufactured by like machinery, to that patented in
this country, as of dangerous tendency, and calculated to
embroil us with other nations.
Mr. QTIS was about resuming his remarks,
when,
CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. RUMSEY, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special message of
the President of the United States, transmitting the
constitution of California, and of the bill providing
for her admission into the Union.
Mr. HEBARD was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee during the hour. [His
speech will he found in the Appendix.] _
Mr. MORSE then obtained the floor, but yielded
t0Mr. CABELL, who Moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. MORSE then addressed the committee.
[His spcech will be found in the Appendix.]
The floor was then given to
Mr. WILLIAMS, who yielded to a motion that
the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed, the committee
rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
NO riCE OF A BILL.
Mr. HOAGLAND gave notice, that on to-morrow, or
some subsequent day, he would ask leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of Charles Hinkle.
Mr. WJ3NTWORTH called up the claim of Captain
Frcdcric Shaeffer, and asked to have it recommitted to the
Commiitee on Claims; and it was so committed.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of eitizens of
Brush Point, De Kalb county, for two cent postage.
Abo, a similar petition from citizens of Elgin, Kane
Also, several petitions of citizens of De Kalb and Mc-
Henry counties, for a mail-route Irom Sycamore, via Genoa,
Riley, Marengo, and Dunham, to Walworth, Wisconsin.,
By Mr. JOHNSON, ot Tennessee: The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Johnson county, Tennessee, and Watauga-
connty, North Carolina, praying the establishment of cei tain
mail-routes.
By Mr. DURKEE: The petition of citizens of the same
place, praying Congress to reduce the rates ot postage on
letters to a uniform late ol two cents tor each half ounce.
Also, the petition of the citizens of Bn-tol, Wisconsin,
asking for a reduction of po&tuge to a umfotm rate ot five
cents for letter postage.
By Mr. GKEEN: The petition of citizens of Missouri,
praying a re uction ot the rates, of po tagc, and the abolition
of the (tanking privilege.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of 64 electors of Hamilton,
Madison county, New York, for the prohibition ol slavery
in the territories of the United Stales. .
Also, the petition of the same, for granting the right of
trial, by jury, to fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of the same, that no more slave States
be admitted into tbe Union.
Als \ the petition of the same, for the abolition of slavery
m the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition ot James S. Chandler and others, citi-
zens ot New York, for cheap pn tage.
AUo, the petition of O. J. Haimon and others, members
of the Bar ot Oswego county, ^ew York,lor the same.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition ot James S. Frazier, A.B.
Crichtield, and other citizens of Kosuu-ko county, Indi-
ana, aj-king a reduction of postage to two cent* per half
ounce on prepaid matter, and that newspapers be carried
hy mail free to any distance not more than thirty miles from
th« place of their publication.
By Mr. MORRIS *. The petition of Ebm S.Ricker and211
other citizens, ot Clermont county, Ohm, asking Congre.-s
to establish a uniform rate of postage, not to excetd one
cent on newspapers and two cents on each ptepaul letter ot
half an ounce, for alldisunces, and for other corresponding
reforms. „ ^ _ _ , ,
By Mr POTTEff: The petition of D. B. Smith and
32 others, citizens of Toledo, in the State ot Ohio, for the
tree navigation of the St. .Lawrence river
By Mr. ROSE: The petition ot John Mother and 117
others, citizms (if Cauandaisua, New York, lor the estab-
lishment of freedom rn tlie territories, liy act nf Congress.
Al*o, the petition of John Mosher and 120 others, citizens
of Canaitdaigua, New York, praying for the passage of a
law, by Congress, securing to lugitives the right of trial by
JUBy Mr.IIENRY: The petition of Daniel Roberts and 133
others, citizens of Manchestei, Vermont, lor cheap postage.
Bv Mr BOOTH: Tlie petition of Harlow (shell an'i 122
other= citizens of Guilford, in the State of Connecticut,
pi a\ ins that pioviMon be made by law, that whenever a per-
son shall be arre-t d nt> a fugitive slave in any State other
than that in which he is alleged to hive been held to service,
he shall not be delivered to the claimant or Ins agent, ex-
cept on the finding of a juiythat he is the slave ol the
AlbO, the petition of Ilarlow Isbell and 122 others, citi-
zens of Gui'tord, in the State of Connecticut, praying that
no State be hereattei admitted into the, Union, unless the
constitution of such State shall expressly prohibit the ex-
istence of slavery within its limits..
Also, he petition of David Root and 128 others, citizens
of Guilford, in the State of « onnecticut, praying that
slavery and the slave trade, may be expiessly prohibited, by
act of Congress, in all ihe territonesin the United kiate*.
Bv Mr PUTNAM : The petition of J. L. Madden and bO
otheis citizen- of Alabama, New Yoik, lor two cent post-
ace on prepaid letters, not exceeding halt an ounce in
weight.
Als>0. the petiUon of John Et. Olmsted and 40 other®,citi-
zens of Lodi, New York, for the same object.
AHo, a resolution of the Congregational Church, ofCmna,
New Yoik, for the same object.
By Mr. GREEN : The petition of citizens of Missoun,
pra\ mg a reduction of the rates of postage, and the abolition
of the franking pi ivilege.
Bv Mr. CONGER : The petition of 220 citizens and elec-
toral Cayuga county, Nf-w York, prajing that provision
be made by law, that whenever a person shall be arrested as
a fugmve slave in any State other than that in which lie is
i aHeced to be held to service, he shall not be delivered to the
| claimant, or his agent, except on the finding of a jury that
! he i«  the slave of the claimant.
I By Mr. KAUFMAN : 'f he petition of citizens of Busk
i count}, Texas in favor of fiee postage.
! At*o, tne petition of citizens of Logan«port, Louisiana,
S and vici ity, for a mail-route from i^hrevespoit, Louisiana,
, via Lo<MnM)ortnitd Shelbwille, to Nacogdoches.
1 By Mr. SCHERMERHORN : The petition of tOO citizens
1 of Rochester and Monroe counties, New Yoik, asking for
■ ' an appropriation of thirty thousand dollars for the repair of
the pier, and the improvement of the harbor, at tlie mouth
of the Genesee river
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Swart, for pay for services
performed by her decease d father, Adam Swart.
By Mi. WALDO, the petition of Timothy Cowles and 29
other eitizens of the town of Farmington, Connecticut, re-
specting the arrest of fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of Samuel Deming and 28 other citizens
of the town of Farmington, Connecticut, asking for the pio-
hibition of the slave trade and slavery m the District ot Co-
lumbia.
Also, the petition of A. F. Williams and 28 other citizens
of the town of Farmington, Connecticut, asking that slavery
and the slave tr de rimy he expressly prohibited, by act of
Congres-, in all the territories ot the United States.
Also, the petition of O. M. Miner and 28 other citizens of
Fat mington, Connecticut, prajing that no State be hereafter
admitted into the Union, unless the constitution of such
Slate shall expressly prohibit the existence of slavety within
its limits.
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition of Wil-
liam H. Haskell and 114 other*, voters of Gloucester, Mas-
sachusetts, for the repeal of nil laws authorizing slavery in
the District of Columbia, or for the removal ot the seat of
the National Government.
Also, the petition ot William H. Haskell and 115 others, of
Gloucester, against the admission of any slave States into
the Union.
Also, the petition of Henry H. Haskell and 116 others, of
Gloucester, tor a jury trial for persons arrested a-> fugitives
from slavery.
Also, the petition of Alexander S. Holmes and 115 other
v teis of Gloucester, for the prohibition of slavery and the
slave trade m all the territories" of the United Slates.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of John K. Miller
and'195 other citizens of Waldoboro', m The Mate of Ma ne,
representing, lhat the laws of July 3! , 1846, fixing tlie duty
upon wood, unmanufactured, coid wood, bark, &c., in
such a manner as to admit it into our ports at from fifteen to
twenty per cent.pei cord, and fi*h, u hether fresh, smoked,
called, dried, or pi fcled. at fioin twelve to fifteen cent.* per
quintal, is wholly inadequate for the protection of the coast-
ing trade, wood-cutt rs, and fi*hoimen of the Smte-the
duty being assessed upon the foreign value, instead of the
value at the matket, where it is sold; that the opening of
our ports to British vessels, with their cargoes, from Nova
Scotia tind New Brunswick, is injurious to the, coasting
trade and fishermen, enabling British vessels, with cargoes
of lumber, wood, and fish, to sell at prices which are ruin-
ous to \meiicans engaged in the s-ame trade. Tiny theie-
foro ask, lhat the present laws may he so amended, as that
wood and bark coming from British colonies, shall pay a
duty equivalent to two dollars per coirt, other kinds of
lumber in pioportion, and fish one dollar per quintal.
, Also, the petition of Jaines Hovey and 75 others, citizens
of Waldoboio', in the State of Maine, for a reduction of
postage.
By "Mr. DfSNEY s The petition of sundry citizens of Cin-
cinnati, pravmg for the repeal of an act in relation to Wood-
worth"^ patent, &c.
By Mr. ROsrE The petition of C. E. Lamport and 240
other*, citizens of Livingston county, New Yoik, relative
to Woodwoith's patent.
Also, the petition of W. H. C. flosmer and 100 others,
eitizens of Livingston county, New York, piaying for cheap
postage.
By Mr. BOWIE: The memorial of N. W. Broome, ex-
ecuior of Colonel John Broome, praying remuneration for
damages sustained by the late Colonel John Broome, from
ihe destruction of hi* property by the British forces, during
the war of 1812 and 1814.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of William N. Hawkins
and 93 others, citizens of Fall River, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for a reduct on of postage on prepaid letiers to t*vo
ccnts per half ounce.
By Mr. CASEY: A petition for a mail-route from Selins-
grove, in Union county, to Wilhamsport, Lycoming county,
Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition from citizens of Sullivan county, for a
new mail-route in said county.
Also, four petitions from various citizens of the thirteenth
congressional district in Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
establish an Agnciihural bureau.
Also, a petition from John Wall3 and others, on the sub-
ject of cheap po t'ige.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of Fdwaid Wilbur and
others, citizens of the county of Orleans, New York, prav-
irig for the repeal of an act, appiovrd February 20th, J845,
entitled " An act to extend a patent heretofore granted to
William Woodworth."
Bv Mr. JACKSON, of New York: The petition ofG W.
Booth, Daniel Stevens, and ^0 others, citizen* of Chemung
county, New York, prnwng the repeal ot the law ot Con-
gress of February 26, 1845,"extending to the, heirs and repre-
sentniive* of the late Win. Woodworth, the exclusive right
to a certain planing machine.
Also, the petition of William Linn, John IJ. Selkry, and
25 other*, citizens ot Tompkins county, New York, asking
lor three cents postage on pr-paid letters, foi any distance
not exceeding 300 mile*, and five cents for all over that
distance; and that new>papeis be transmitted by mail.SO
miles from the place of printing, or within the Congi clonal
district in which they are printed, free of postage, and for
the abolition of the flanking ptivilege.
Also, a like petition of M. Smith, H. Clock, and 50 others,
of the same county, and on the same subject.
Washington City, March 14, "1850.
To the Editors of the Globe :
Gentlemen : In Mr. Hiluard's Utter in the Globe of this
moinin" he has not been sanded by giving nn explanation
of conduct, of which I thought, and still think, I had a right
to complain. u
I am willing to let that issue stand before the meinrwr* of
the House and the public. T know no member of Congress
will be willing to allow, tinder like circumstances, what Mr.
Hilmaro savs he had a right to do.
But Mr. Hilliard is not content with explanation He
says, " I might complain of very harsh interpolations in Mr.
