1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m.
Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Sena-
tor for one moment. The Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pratt] made a speech on the question of re-
ception, and I understand that the question of re-
ception is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that it is debatable.
Mr. KING. The Chair is wrong, if he decides
that it is debatable. The rule is, that the indi-
vidual presenting the paper shall slate the sub-
stance of it, in order that the Senate shall judge
whether it shall be received or not. The question
then comes up, if the presiding officer knows that
there is objection to the reception of the paper, or
if objection is made, Shall the paper be received?
And ail that can be done, legitimately, is to take
the statement of the person presenting the petition
or paper, or to ask the reading of it, as has fre-
quently been done, to ascertain the substance of
it. When it is received, it is a fair subject for
discussion, and you may go into all the matters
embraced in it; but not till then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may be
wrong. The Chair understands the Senator from
Alabama to say, that the question of reception is
not debatable at all.
Mr. KING. Certainly not.
Mr. HALE. The practice has been different,
then.
Mr. KING. No, sir; it has not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
know by what rule the right is limited.
Mr. KING. I appeal to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clay,] whether I am not light in the
statement 1 have made ? for m the House of
Representatives, in a celebrated case—where Mr.
Randolph was in the habit of getting up and say-
ing, I intend to present such and such papers, and
then going into a very long speech, so as, in some
cases, to weary the patience of the House, and
then withdrawing them—the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] then presiding offi-
cer, decided that papers must be sent to the Chair
and first received, before discussion could take
place. Am I right?
Mr. CLAY assented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When that decision
was made in the House, that it could not be de-
bated, there was no question pending, whether the
petition be received. In this case there is such a
motion; and the Chair does not perceive why de-
bate may not be had on it, as well as on any other
motion.
Mr. KING. I have another ground of opposi-
tion to debate being' allowed. The proposition
now before the Senate is, to lay the motion of re-
ception on the table.
Mr. HALE. No, that motion hafi not been
made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only motion
before the Senate is, that the petition be received.
Mr. KING. The Senator fiom Maryland ob-
jected to the reception of the petition; and 1 under-
stood him to move to lay the question on the
table.
Several Senators. No; he did not.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to make a single remark
on the question of order, with the view of direct-
ing the attention of the Senate to a precedent m
point. That precedent is the debate in the British
Parliament upon the subject of receiving a memo-
rial from one of the American colonies, at a very
early period of the differences between this country
and Great Britain. The question^ was, whether
the light of petition should be so far observed as
to receive that memorial, which was presented to
the House of Lords, as this petition is presented to
the American Senate. Upon the question whether
the petition should be received or not, there was
grave and full debate, which terminated at length
in the defeat of the friends of freedom, and of the
right of petition in that body; and that petition—
the petition of an American colony, setting forth
the grievances of which America complained—was
refused reception by the House of Lords of Great
Britain. But even that body did not go so far as
it is proposed to go here; they did not refuse to
permit debate upon the question of reception.
The same rule prevailed tbere that prevails here;
the member presenting the petition was required
to state the substance of it, and the substance being
stated, the question then arose upon the reception
of the petition. Debate upon this question of re-
ception was, in the case I have referred to, held to
be in order, and was allowed, though reception
was ultimately denied. The precedent, it seems
to me, therefore, is in point.
Mr. DICKINSON. The business to which
these petitions relate, has already been reported
upon by the appropriate commi tee, and the bill
reported is now on the orders of the Senate. The
appropriate disposition of the petition would,
therefore, be, to lay it on the table. I cannot tell
what is to be the result of all these abolition peti-
tions. We are now in the middle of the fourth
month of the session. The most uigent public
business has been delayed for the discussion of
this one question, directly or collaterally. Nothing
else con come up but abolition, until the very at-
mosphere is fetid, as in abolition meeting. In
order to save the Chair and the Senate from the
embarrassing question in which it is involved, I
propose to make the appropriate disposition of this
question—the one that belongs to any petition
where a bill has been reported. I move to lay the
question of reception and the question of order on
the table.
Mr. HALE. Ij raise the question of order,
whether it is competent for the Senator from New
York to make the motion, I having been called to
order, and under the lules of the Senate, took my
seat ? The only question is, whether I waa in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair asked
the Senator from New Hampshire whether he
claimed the floor; and the Senator from Ohio [Mr,
Chase] rose and took it.
Mr. HALE. On the point of order.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have a right to move to
lay the question of order on the table.
Mr. HALE. Not while I have the floor.
Mr. DICKINSON. Discussion has intervened
since the Senator had the floor.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I was called to order,
and took my seat under the rules, while the ques-
tion of order was pending; and it is not compe-
tent for any one to interfere with my right to the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire, when called to order, said noth-
ing, but took his seat. When the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. King] had inude the point of order,
the Senator from Ohio rose, as the Chair supposed,
to discuss the question; and the Chair inquired
whether the Senator from New Hampshire yielded
the floor.
Mr. HALE. Upon the point of order only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair heard
no reply; but the Senator from Ohio rose and ad-
dressed the Senate.
Mr. HALE. He said expressly that he rose to
the point of order.
Mr. CHASE. I stated distinctly that I rose to
the questional'order, and for the purpose of bring-
ing under the attention of the Senate a precedent
which I thought applied to the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that the Senator from New Hampshire,
having the floor, cannot be deprived of it by the
point of order.
Mr. HALE. I will occupy the attention of the
Senate but a single moment. The Senator from
Alabama misunderstood me, if he supposed that I
was delivering a eulogy on the horrors of slavery;
I was commending it. I was speaking in favor of
the slave States, bccause they give the light of trial
to a person that allege^ that He is a freeman, and,
instead of speaking of the horrors of slavery, I
was contrasting it favorably with the situation of
us in the free States, or in States called fiee, show-
ing that the slave States give the slave more rights
of trial than this bill grants to freemen in the free
States. That was it; and having made that point,
I wish to say, once for all, that I can never con-
sent to purchase peace by the surrender of such a
right as that most valuable right, "formidable,"
in the words of the Declaration of Independence,
" to tyrants only." I want to say another word
to the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,]
whose sensibilities, even to his olfactories, are dis-
turbed by the introduction of discussions of this
sort. Who introduced the discussion this morn-
ing? Was it one of the " fanatical Abolitionists,"
or was the individual who disturbed the Senate the
gentleman from Maryland ? Who raised this de-
bate? If anything oliends the nostrils of the New
York Senator this morning, it comes south of Ma-
son and Dixon's line, and not north, because we
were not guilty of the agitation or discussion o?
this matter. I wish to say here, now and forever,
that for one, I can never consent, on any terms,
conditions, or considerations, to surrender that
right for which the .fathers of the revolution periled
everything they had on earth—that is, the right of
trial by jury. It was one of the causes assigned
in the Declaration of Independence, that justified
our fathers in going into the revolutionary war,
that they had been in many cases deprived of the
right of trial by jury. And if the right of trial by
jury was worth a seven years' bloody war in 1776,
it is certainly worth a struggle on this floor, and tt
will not be surrendered by me, at least, at any haz-
ard, or for fear of an.y consequences.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am not to be drawn into
any debate on this subject; but I will repeat what
I said before, that we are now in the middle of the
fourth month of the session, and this subject, di-
rectly and collaterally, has engaged the entire
attention of both branches of Congress up to this
time. Every important measure—the census bill,
the financial bill, and the appropriation bill even,
and the ordinary reports from committees—are all
behind, because this question, which in nine-tenths
of the instances is presented merely in some ab-
stract view, must be daily discussed. Now, sir,
I think the appropriate disposition of this petition
would be, to lay it on the table, from the fact, that
a bill on the subject to which it refeis, hasalready
been reported from the committee, and is now be-
fore the Senate—and therefore the petition requires
no reference. To get rid of this question, and m
order to get at the public business, and allow the
several committees to make their reports,1 move
to lay the petition on the table.
Mr. BADGER. I ask my friend from New
York to withdraw hisjjiotjon for a moment.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will, if my friend will
renew it.
Mr. BADGER. I will. I merely wish to
make a remark, and not to detain the Senate but
for a moment. I am very sorry that the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Piiatt] thought it necessary
to raise this question on the introduction, as it
appears to me; of a petition perfectly germane
and proper, as the subject-matter to which it refers
is now before the Senate. What is the petition ?
It is a petition praying Congress, in any bill that
may pass for the recapture of fugitive slaves, to
secure to them the right of trial by jury. Now,
it is said, we have a bill before us oil that subject;
that is true. It is said, too, that we have an
amendment to it before us; that is also true.
But does it furnish any reason why the people of
the United States should riot have a right to ex-
press their opinions to the Senate as to the form?
we sh ill giye to the measure we are going to adopt
It seems to me gentlemen are running away with
this subject, and for misled objects. It is said,
that the object is to prevent the pioducing of ex-
citement; but permit me to say, in the most kind
and friendly manner, that whatever he may de-
sign, the course the Senator from Maryland is .
now taking, if persisted in, will but increase the
excitemeiit 
Mr. SEWARD, (in his seat.) There is no
doubt of it.
Mr. BADGER. And will but tend to produce
the very results he desires to avoid. It is placing
us in a false position on this subject, and as if we
thought that no man in the country, no body of
men, in whatever respectful terms they thought
proper to use—had a5right to indicate to us their
views as to the adoption of a patucular measuie
before this body. 1 hope to show, when I have an
opportunity of presenting my views on the sub-
ject, that what is asked by the petitioners, is ab-
surd and pieposteraurf, and that all the declama-
tion we have heard in regard to it, has just as
much to do with deciding this question as it lias
an abstract question m theology. I expect to
show and to demonstrate this, not to the satisfac-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, because
he has declared that he meant to hold on to his '
position any how; but because I differ from the
petitioners, does that imply that the petiuoneis
have no right to present and to ask the Senate to
shape the bill as they may think proper? It seema
to me that this would be carrying the thing to an
extreme.
I renew the motion to lay on the table, as I
promised the Senator from New York I would do,
but at the same time I will not vote for it, because
