526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
T believe it is proper to receive the petition, and
then lay it on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON. If there are other Sen-
ators who wish to speak on this subject, I ab-
solve my friend from North Carolina from his
promise to renew the motion. If it is the disposi-
tion to continue the discussion, and consume the
time, the responsibility is not with me.
Mr. BADGER. I will withdraw the motion,
then.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am glad the
motion has been withdrawn, and, as the Senator
from New York assents, without the purpose of
renewing it; for it seems to me to be preposter-
ous—absolutely preposterous—that we should
undertake to object to the reception of a petition
that is sent here from persons who have a right to
petition Congress, if any body has a right to, and
when that petition relates to a subject-matter pend-
ing here in this hall—a subject-matter about which
nobody doubts our power of legislation, and
which most of the Senators here have announced
their readiness to discuss, and to pass some law in
relation to. Now, is there a Senator on the other
side of the house willing to vote against the re-
ception of a petition like that? It is germane to
the matter; and although they may approve or
disapprove of the opinions expressed m it, do
they mean to deny the right to petition on that
topic? i trust there are none who will do so. I
trust that we shall record no such thing on our
journals.
Mr. KING. I do not suppose the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts understood me as making any ob-
jection whatever to the reception of the petition;
and I called the Senator from New Hampshire to
order, because he was engaged in its discussion
imp* operly, according to decision as I stated
it to be, before the reception of the petition. I
made no icmarks whatever, nor did I intend to
make any, against the reception of the petition.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me,
the motion to lay ihe motion to receive ori the
table, of itself implies an objection against the
petition.
Mr. KING. I made no such motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I know you did not; but other
Senators did,
Mr. KING. I made no objection to its recep-
tion. The Senator from Maiyland did object to
the reception of the paper, and on that motion
a'debate sprung up, which i wished to arrest, that
we mi^ht proceed in regular ordei; and when the
p< ti 11 on was leceivt'd, as there was no doubt it
would he, the Senator fiom New Hampshire could
go on and diwcnsa it if he thought proper. Cer-
tauily, theic is a £reat dilfei ence between petitions
o/ (he kind presented, although all looking to the
subject of slavery. There are portions of them
which may be leceived with piopriety, because
we have ihe power of legislative action on the sub-
ject; and besides, there is but little probability,
whatever may be the fanatical spirit in the land,
that the \ leu. & of this petition can be carried out by
any legislative cnuctment heie, and if so cairied
out, consequences that the Senator from New
Hampshire and others do not anticipate, will ilow
from it, which they would deplore. Still, as Jt is
a subject of legislative enactment, and as the ques-
tion is now before the Senate, I should have made
no objection whatever to the reception of petitions
of that description. There are others that are ab-
hoirent to me, and which ought to be abhorrent to
every honest man, whether on this floor or not,
and which ought not to be received—petitions
which are a serosa insult to the understanding of the
country, and a gross insult to a large section of
.th<"' Union. I made no such objection to this, and
J went to the Senator from Maryland and requested
him to withdraw his objection and let the matter
go. I hope he will still do so,and let it lie on the
fable and be taken up when the bill on the subject
is under consideration. I said yesterday, and 1
will lepeat it again, that I never will hereafter ob-
ject to the reception of any petition, I care not
what may be its character, or however disgraceful
it may be to those who piesent them or to those
who send them.
Mr. DICKINSON. My motion was made
solely to get rid of the discussion at the time, and
not to object to the reception of petitions of this
character. I treat the question to lay the motion
of reception on the table, the same as if it was to
lay the petition on the table. I know that there
is some technical distinction drawn between the
two motions; but I draw none such, and I care
not what disposition is made of the petition, so
that it be disposed of, and the Senate can proceed
with the public business. If, however, the objec-
tion to its reception be withdrawn, the petition
will go where it belongs—on the table. My col-
league has already presented an amendment on this
subject, of trial by jury, to the bill to which the
petition refers, which is on the table, and there is
where the petition also belongs. Let it go there.
Mr. PRA/fT. I believe, since I have been here,
I have not occupied as much time in speaking as
some of the Senators who have complained of my
motion. One Senator says that it is absurd and
perposterous, and that it is one which would not be
entertained by sensible men; and therefore I must
now say something, or i must suffer myself to
be placed in the category in which the learned
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] has
placed me.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not have the Senator from
Maryland in my eye at all, and I intended no per-
sonal allusion whatever. 1 believe I used the word
" preposterous," and all the application by it was,
that it seemed to me preposterous to say that a
petition should not come here on a subject which
all admit is before us for consideration. That is
what I considered preposterous.
Mr. PRATT. Now it js preposterous that this
question should be introduced here, and the reason
assigned by the Senator from Massachusetts is,
because the subject is before the Senate for its
legislative action. Well, how is it before the Sen-
ate? It is before the Senate because the Senator
from New York has offered an amendment to a
bill here securing to the South the right of recap-
turing fugitive slaves, by which amendment, if
passed, that very right is rendered entirely nuga-
tory. If, therefore, every kind of petition can be
properly introduced here, because the subject is
before the Senate for legislative action, it is only
necessary for a Senator, who desires the introduc-
tion of a petition upon any subject, to introduce
some amendment. He will then have the subject
before the Senate, and, according to the rule of the
Senators from Massachusetts and North Carolina,
petitions on those subjects are then proper to be
introduced. Now, according to my understand-
ing of it, the Senate has adopted the rule or prac-
tice, that certain petitions on this^ubject of slavery
shall not be received, and what is the object of
this rule of practice ? As 1 apprehend, it was, and
the only legitimate object of it was, to prevent the
excitement which is pervading the country. Now,
if that was the object, then I way that no petition
can be presented to the Senate during the present
session which is as likely to produce excitement,
or so well calculated to produce it, as the petition
now offered. I say that on this subject—on the
recovery of fugitive slaves—there is more practical
wrong done, at least to the people of my State,
through the action of the non-slaveholdmg States,
than on any other of these disturbing subjects of
slavery. We all know that this petition is, that
the Constitution shall be violated, and with it the
act of 1793, passed in puisuance of it; for every
one knows that if they have, m Pennsylvania, or
in any other State to which a slave may escape,
the right of trial by jury, his delivery to his mas-
ter is an impossibility. Every man in this body
knows this, and therefore I look on this petition as
one asking us to prevent tha carrying out of the
Constitution, and to destroy even the rights wc
have under the act 1793, passed in relation to that
clause of the Constitution. 1 say that this is cal-
culated to produce, in my State at least, more ex-
citement than any one of the topics of slavery in-
troduced here—petitions in regard to which, under
the rule, are not received. Now, I do not under-
stand this rule and practice of the Senate, unless
it is based on the principle, that it is wiong to have
excitement here, and that therefore all these topics i
should be excluded. j
The Senator from New Hampshire put it on
another ground—that, under some law which I j
have never seen, his wife or daughter may be taken !
from him without a trial by jury. Now, sir, the j
j article of the Constitution of the United States ap- i
j plies to slaves; the act of 1793 applies to slaves; !
j and 1 do not therefore understand the Senator—1
| do not compiehend him—when he says his wife
I or daughter may be taken from him without this
i trial by jury, by an affidavit, either from men at
the North or at the South, under the provisions of
some bill now pending before the Senate. I ha\e
reference to the Constitution, and the act of 1793,
under which the South has the ri^ht to go and
claim their Maves when they escape from the limits
of their own State to a sister State; and it is in
reference to it, the petition, I believe, only refeis,
and I hope it will be laid on the table. It is under
these views I have felt it my duty, with all defer-
ence to those who are older Senators than myself,
to move to lay the question of reception on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the question of reception be laid on the table, and
on this question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays weie ordered, and the Sen-
ate refused to lay the question of reception on the
table.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 now move that the petition
be received, and that it be laid on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call for a division of
the question. The gentleman moves to receive
and lay on the table; which question I ask to be
divided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question will
first be on the motion to receive the petition.
Mr. DICKINSON. It has been received, has
it not ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last question
was on the motion to lay the question of reception
on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make but a
remark or two. The Senator fiom New Hamp-
shire, who sits befoie me, [Mr. Hale,] 1 think is
one of the most astute Senatonal gladiators, in
reference to this subjcct of slavery, that I have met
with anywhere; and 1 think, sir, the remarks
which he made ought not to go to the country,
without being accompanied by something in the
shape of a reply. It is perfectly manifest, that he
wishes to get up a war upon the subject of the
right of trial by jury; and these petitioners through-
out the country, since this bill for the reclamation
of fugitive slaves has been reported, seem to have
taken in view the same object to make an issue,
and to excite public sentiment upon that principle
of American liberty. Now, sir, the idea that I
wish the northern people to consider, when they
want to apply the right of trial by jury to the sub-
ject of the recapture of fugitive slaves, is this:
Where is that jury trial to take place? At home
where it can take place, or shall it take place in
the country to which the fugitive flees? Now, sir,
the people of the South have always regarded the
fact, that the northern people distrusted their tri-
bunals, and refused even to deliver up those who
were indicted for ciimes, for the purpose of being
tried for them at the South, as one of the ^leatest
gnevances which they experienced. It is an in-
sult where there is no cause for it; it, sir, nritates
the \fchole South, and it is but a way of saying,
that as you have no magistracy oi law by which
you can give a fair and impartial trial to those
who may be accused and indicted for crime, hence
we will not surrender to you, to be tried by your
judiciary and your juries at home, those who may
be indicted for otiences there. Now, I wish to-
ask the Noith, and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, this simplequeation: Do you intend by these
trials by jury, to institute m the Slate to which
the fugitive slave may escape, anything like a final
adjuriicatian upon the rights of the party ? Do you
intend, by the transfer of jurisdiction to the terri-
tory where the slave may be apprehended, a final
settlement of the comrovery, so as to make the
adjudication in that ease a bar to any trial at home.
Sir, if that be the object of the gentleman, he must
see at once, that it becomes a question of very
great impoitance on the part of the people of the
South, to resist anything Jike a change of venue in
reference to these rights, from their own tribunal
at home, where the owners leside, and where tes-
timony may be had, to a foreign jurisdiction, and
to the procrastination incident to a coriUoveisy of
that sort.
Mr. BALDWIN. Suppose the man seized as
a slave has always resided in the place where he
is seized, what then?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I -will answer the Sena-
tor. Sir, we have in all the States, so far as I
know, something like examining tribunals. You
arrest a man for crime, and you examine into the
case before putting him upon his final tiial, be
fore you evan take th« case before a grand jur y
