1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
and long before you go to the petit jury, to decide
as to his guilt or innocence. Now, what I regard
as necessary in the apprehension of a fugitive, is
this preparatory examining investigation, where
the question ought to be, is he a fugitive; and
where you make out a prima facie case against
him, then take and restore him to the neighbor-
hood whence he fled, and there have an investiga-
tion into the question as to whether he is really
free or a slave. But the whole object seems to
be to transfer this question of jurisdiction, and not
let the investigation be a mere preliminary one,
but to make it a final decision of the controversy,
and thereby to transfer the place of decision from
the State whence the fugitive goes, to the State
where he is taken. If that is the object the Sena-
tor from New New Hampshire now pursues, and
the issue he is about to make, under this idea of
having a jury trial in behalf of human liberty, it
must he seen at once, that it is a vastly important
question in reference to the interests which are in-
volved; and it must be seen atonce, also, that you
are throwing every obstacle in the way of the in-
dividual who claims the fugitive, and that you are
involving him in cost and delay—and especially
that of getting his witnesses face to face, before
the examining tribunal—where the arrest takes
place.
I have merely thrown out these ideas in the
hope that they might go to the country with the
remarks of the Senator from New Hampshire,
and induce northern minds to consider this thing,
while they are wishing to change the venue, as to
the owner of a slave, to a free State.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that this subject be passed
by informally, that the order of the day maybe
taken up, as the hour has arrived.
Mr. SEWARD. The motion is merely to re-
ceive the petition and lay it on the table. I think
there will be no more debate.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no objection, if it can at
once be disposed of.
The petition was received and laid on the table.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Senale resumed the consideration of the
motion to refer to the Committee on Territories
the message of the President of the United States,
transmitting the'constitution of the State of Cali-
fornia,
Mr. DOUGLAS, having the floor, resumed and
concluded his remarks. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix ]
Mr. D. having concluded,
Mr. HALE and Mr. DAYTON addressed the
Chair, but the former obtained the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, 1 understand that
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire
wishes only to obtain the floor upon this question.
Mr. HALE. That is all. I move that the
further consideration of these resolutions be post-
poned till Tuesday next.
Mr DAYTON. Well, I suppose I can be
heard upon that motion. I make no objection, of
course, to my friend from New Hampshire apply-
ing for the floor; but I hope he will permit me to
say, that I think a bad practice has obtained here
• of late. The rule of the Senate requires that what-
ever member wishes to address the President, shall
arise in his place. It was a rule which 1 suppose
was made for the purpose of keeping good order.
I do not like this plan, which has come up within
two or three years, of taking a seat by the Sena-
tor addressing the Senate, for the purpose of
catching the iloor.
The question being then taken upon the motion
to postpone the fuither consideration of the sub-
ject until Tuesday next, it was agreed to.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions of proposed compromise, submitted by
Mr. Clay.
Mr. BADGER. I yielded yesteiday, very
cheerfully, every claim that I might have had
upon the courtesy of the Senate to-day, to speak
upon these resolutions, in order not to interfeie
with the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] or
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] I now
move that the consideration of these resolutions
be postponetHill Monday next.
The question being taken upon the motion to
postpone, it was agreed to.
MR, BELL'S RESOLUTIONS SELECT COM-
MITTEE.
Mr. FOOTE. I now suggest that the order of
the day be taken up, which, I believe, is the reso-
lution which I had the honor of proposing a day
or two since, in the discussion of which the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] was engaged yes-
terday, and who gave way, with the under-
standing that he should have the opportunity of
continuing them to-day.
Mr. RUSK. I hope theSenatos will withdraw his
motion for a few moments. I have many reports
to make, and other business to attend to, which
has been lying by me for some time; and I wish
to introduce a resolution for the purpose of fixing
some certain time for the consideration of it.
Mr. FOOTE withdrawing his motion,
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the 24th rule of the Senate be amended,
by inserting after the word <( presented," at the first sen-
tence—
"Provided, That petitions and memorials shall only be
called tor, presented, or received, the first day ol the meet-
ing of the Senate in each week."
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend from Mississippi
will allow me, I desire to say a word.
Mr. FOOTE. J would, with pleasure, but I
am desirous of having this matter taken up.
Mr. BUTLER, it would take but a moment.
Mr. FOOTE. Soothers would say, and thus
the time would be taken up; and we all know that
speeches are always made before the business is
attended to.
The Senate then, on motion by Mr. Foote,
resumed the consideration of the motion to refer
the resolutions proposed by Mr. Bell to a select
committee of thirteen.
Mr. CASS resumed and concluded as follows:
Mr. President: Before 1 lesume my remarks
at the point where i left oft* yesterday, 1 have a
question to put to the Senator fiom Mississippi,
who, (said Mr. Cass, looking round,) 1 am sorry
to see, is not in his seat. I regiet he is not; but X
will postpone the reference i designed making to
him until the close of my remarks, when per-
haps he may be here. I spoke to him this morn-
ing on the subject, and therefore he is perfectly
aware of the question I wish to put to him.
1 was remarking yesterday, when I lesignedthe
floor, that there were certain things we could not
accomplish, and others that, with equal certainty,
we might take for granted we could do. Among
the latter, was the bill providing for the recapture
of fugitive slaves; and another object, which I
trust will be accomplished, is the providing of a
government for the new territories. 1 think it
essential to calm this agitation, and so long as
these territories are left without a government, so
long will the present state of things continue, and
this agitation be kept up, which is so harassing to
the tranquillity, and dangerous to the peace, of the
Union.
That a law may be passed authorizing the peo-
ple of the territories to govern themselves, without
any Wilmot proviso being attached to it, is my
wish and my hope. I am not going to say much
upon the propriety of the admission of California,
for the remarks that have fallen from my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] are so well expressed
and so pertinent, that they preclude the necessity
of enteiing anew into that topic at any length.
I understood the distinguished Senator from
South Carolina to admit, yesterday, that he did
make it expiessly a test question. As I remarked
before, it was this demand of the honorable Sena-
tor that excited in m^y mind serious apprehensions
as to the result; for I knew, and every member of
this Senate knew, that if this was made a test
question, upon which the fate ot this Republic
depended, that fate was sealed. 1 trust I may be
permitted to say, with regard to this issue, that it
appears to me not only unwise but useless, for the
reasons so well expressed by the Senator from
Illinois, in his speech to-day.
No gentleman on this floor, from the North or the
South, the East or the West, will rise in lus seat,
and say he believes that slavery will ever go into
the Territory of California; no one can believe this
for a moment. What, sir, would the southern
States gain by sending California, after she has
come here with a constitution in her hands, back
again, to undergo the process of a territorial gov-
ernment, and then to return here a year hence—
every year perhaps for ten years—and revive the
question anew? What would be gained by it for
any portion of the country ? Is it a battle worth
fighting ? Is the object to be accomplished really
worth the contest? Sir, there is no object that can
be accomplished by Ruch a course of procedure.
Under existing circumstances, what kind of terri-
torial government can be established there? Can
any territorial government be established ? And
is this unsettled state of things to go on from year
to year, perpetuating the bitter feelings that have
already sprung up between one section of the
Union and the other? But I have said also that
such a course is unwise; and I trust my southern
friends will pardon me for saying, that they are
making a very unwise issue.
Sir, we cannot stand before the country, and
before the world, and object to the admission of
California on the ground that has been urged.
The objection is riot to her boundaries, though
that topic has been much debated. The honoiable
Senator from Illinois, whom we have all just
heard with so much pleasure, has discussed the
subject so ably and clearly, that it would be a
work ol supererogation in me to renew it. 1 my-
self was at first startled at the boundary claimed,
stretching as it does along the coast of the Pacific
one thousand miles—a much greater extent than
any one State in the Union ought to possess. As
the Senator from Illinois and myself are together
in the same house, we have coriveised lepeafedly
upon this subject, and with an earnest desire to
reduce these boundaries, if the nature of the country
would permit. With this view, he examined va-
rious lines proposed—the parallel of'-SG0 30', and
the southern range of mountains—to ascertain
what proper limitation could be'wrijVOsed upon the
new State. But he uHircmteHMlicame satisfied
that no change could be nrf&<Jfef?'The country be-
tween the ocean and the sea is':-a narrow one, and
east of the mountains is a desert, and in piopor-
tion to its extent, th^quantity of arable Jand is
small. Be the bountmfies as they may, it is not
probable that its population will ever be as great
as that of some of-tfi% other States of this Union.
And if its southern .boundary were to stop at the
mountains, there would be left between them and
the Mexican possessions a small district of country,
which would have to remain for an indefinite
period, perhaps forever, m a colonial condition.
The Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
! houn,] who I regret to see is not in his seat to-
I day, does not assume this ground as an objection
j to the admission of Calilornia. That objection
I rests upon her present position and mode ol appli-
j cation; because she has established a Government
j of her own without passing through a territorial
process, and comes here of her own accord, and
asks admission into this Union. This ground of
objection cannot be maintained in this age of the
world, before the people of this country, and, I
may add, the people of Christendom.
One hundred thousand American citizens on the
shores of the Pacific are, or might be, so far as
depends upon our action, in a perfect state of
anarchy. Three sessions of Congress have in-
tervened since these new territories came under the
juusdiction of the United States, and you have
net legislated for them in a single instance, except
to make provision for the collection of revenue at
their potts. All other duties, devolving upon you
as legislators for the entiie Union, have been to-
tally neglected. You have used them only foi the
purpose of collecting taxes from them. Aie we,
sir, to be told, m the middle of the nineteenth cen-
tury, that these people, under such circumstances,
have no right to fotm a government? No man
can stand up here, and assert this doctrine, and
expect to receive the support of the people of this
country. My friend hom Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
correctly said, that the right of government—of
some kind of government—was a right inherent
in all people upon the face of the earth, and that
; the establishment of civil and s>ocial order was
among the first necessities of men enteiing into
civil society. Without government, they cannot
exist; and you have provided no government
for the people of California, and it is now con-
tended that they have no right to provide one for
themselves. You have neglected your own duty
toward them for the last three sessions, and now,
when they come here acknowledging your juris-
diction, and with a constitution in their hands,
you are about to send them back to the shores of
the Pacific, to enter into a territorial condition,
and to return again at some future time as suppli-
ants for your favor. They love the Union; they
have felt its blessings, and desire to secure them
