:'I6S2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 21,
was rendered necessary by the arrangement which
had been recently made between the corporate ru-
Ihorities of the' city of Washington, and the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company? by which the
depot was to be removed from its present position.
-This change would render it necessary to make
some alterations in the grounds and walks in the
vicinity of the Capitol. If gentlemen would take
the trouble to -examine the grounds, they might
satisfy themselves as to the propriety of the amend-
ment.
Mr. McMULLEN put a question as to the
' ownership of the grounds.
* Mr. BROWN replied, tfiat they were public
property, and entirely at the disposal and under
the control of Congress.
Mr. McMULLEN opposed the amendment.
The"removal of the depdt might not take place',-
and then this appropriation would not be required.
It-would be time enough to grant the money'when
the change was made. He saw no immediate ne-
cessity for the appropriation.
Mr. BROWN replied, that all the arrangements
between -the corporation and the company had
been completed, and the change would take place
without delay. As soon as practicable the depot
' would be removed.
Mr. McMULLEN said, he did not in the least
intend to doubt the statement of the gentleman
from Mississippi. But the removal of the build-
ing would necessarily occupy some time, and
when that was done it would be time encfugh to
make the appropriation. He very much regretted
to see the growing disposition on his side of the
House to run into extravagance. He had ob-
served this pendency for some years past, and he
_ was "sorry to see it.
The question being about to be taken,
Tellers were demanded and ordered, and Mr.
* Tayi^or, and Mr. Brown of Mississippi, were
appointed.
The vote was then announced—ayes 71, noes 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr., JONES moved to amend the bill by
striking out the item appropriating $3,000 for com-
pleting the improvements on Indiana avenue.
Mr. JONES said it would be remembered that
in the early port of the present session an appro-
priation of $7,000 for the completion of Indiana
avehue was inserted in the deficiency bill, and
now we are again called on to appropriate $3,000
more for the completion of this avenue. We were
assured before that the $7,000 would be sufficient
to complete the avenue, and surely this additional
$3,000 cannot lie wanted.
Mr. BAYLY said the gentleman from Tennes-
see. was mistaken as to the fact. The original
estimate submitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, when the deficiency bill was in prepara-
tion, was for #10,000 to complete Indiana avenue.
For the purpose of preventing any suspension of
the work during the Summer season, the com-
mittee made an appropriation m that bill for $7,000
in part. This $3,000 which is now appropriated
therefor, is only to make up the amount in the
original estimate. No appropriation is asked for
beyond ihe $10,000 which is required to complete
the work.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, under instruc-
tions from the Commitlee on the District of Colum-
bia, moved to amend the bill by inserting the fol-
lowing additional clause:'
"For mukrai; improvements on New Jersey avenue
south of the Capitol, $2,000, to be expended under the Com-
ttnfetfioner of Public Buildings."
Mr. B. explained that New Jersey avenue was
in fact a continuation of Indiana avenue, for which
an appropriation had just been made. The only*
difference was, that New Jersey avenue run south
of the Capitol, while Indiana avenue ran north.
Every one might see that they were the same. It was
proper that everything around the Capitol should
have a good appearance, and be m good keeping
and there could be no better time than the present
for making these improvements. The item had
been under the consideration of the Committee on
the District of Columbia. If the committee did not
think the amendment a proper one, it might be
voted down.
Trie question being about to be put, tellers were
demanded and ordered. Mr. Moore, and Mr.
McLane of Maryland, were appointed,and the
vote was announced—ayes 70,"noes 57.
So.thft amendment was agreed to.
Mr." BAYLY said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to submit the fol-
lowing amendment :
"For paying balance due to Pet^r Gorman for furnishing
stone for Pennsylvania'-Jivenue, $260 65,"
Mr. BAYLY desired only to explain to the
committee the circumstance which rendered this
appropriation necessary. A contract was made
with Mr. Gorman to furnish a supply of naving
stones. In the adjustment of his account, when a
settlement was made, a foot and a half was fixed
as proper to be allowed for wastage. It had been
found, however, that this was insufficient, the ac-
tual wastage being two and a half feet. The dif-
ference-was allowed, Mr. Gorman in passing his
accounts, but no appropriation had as yet been
made.
Mr. HUNTER rose to inquire if this amend-
ment was not out of order?
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order, on -the ground that it was a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. BAYLY said he could show the Chair that
{his amendment did not come within the rule laid
down by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
Mr. BAYLY said he was only endeavoring to
put the Chair right as to a matter of fact. It was
no private transaction, but had arisen out of a
contract, and had heen settled at the department.
The CHAIRMAN inquired if the gentleman
appealed from his decision.
Mr. BAYLY said he did; his complaint was
that the Chair did not understand the object of the
amendment, and would not allow him to explain it.
The Chair decided the amendment to be out of
order as it was a private claim.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I think the
Chair is laboring under a mistake. This is not a
private claim.
The CHAIR. The gentleman is out of order.
Mr. STANLY. Does the Chair decide the
amendment to be out of order
The CHAIR, it is out of order—the Chair so
decides.
Mr. STANLY. On what ground ?
The CHAIR. The Chair does not recognize
the right of the gentleman to propound these in^
quiries.
Mr. STANLY. A member has as undoubted
a right to ask these questions, as the Chair has to
decide ihis amendment out of order.
The question being about to be put on the ques-
tion, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of this House?"
Tellers were demanded and granted. Mr. Hall
and Mr. Clingman were appointed tellers, and
the vote was announced—ayes 56, noes 69.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. BAYLY said he desired to explain this
amendment, as he supposed it would now be in
order for him to do. The case was the very re-
verse of that suggested by the gentleman as not
being authorized by law. This claim hod been
adjusted and allowed by the department originally.
It was no more a private claim than was the claim
of a member of Congress for arrearages of his
own pay. The party was acknowledged by the
department to be entitled to the money, but there
was no appropriation", and without an appropria-
tion the money could not be paid.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] whether the money
had not been heretofore appropriated ?
Mr. BAYLY replied that the money had been
appropriated, but that it had gone back into the
Treasury, because the account had been settled
and paid upon the erroneous supposition that he
was not entitled to so much as it was afterwards
ascertained that he was entitled to.m The account
was subsequently reexamined and readjusted, but
the money had gone back into the Treasury.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he never yet knew
the Government to make anything by a reexami-
nation. On the contrary it always suffered loss.
Fie took it for granted that the first adjustment in
this case was the proper one.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the commit-
tee rise; which motion was carried in the affirma-
tive—ayes 70, noes 65.
The committee rose accordingly; and,
On motion by Mr. CLINGMAN, the House
adjourned.
, PETITION, &c.
The following petition and memorial were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WALDRN: The petition of William Atkinson,
for an extension of patent for manufacturing India rubber
cloth.
"By Mr. KING, of New Jersey: A themorial from insu-
rance companies in Hie cit> of New York, for a law for pro-
tection of life on board of steamers.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 21, 1850.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial '
ofEdwin James, senior,and Edwin James, junior,
deputy surveyors of the public lands in Iowa,
praying to be indemnified against loss in conse-
quence of the unlawful annulment of their con-
tract by the surveyor general of St. Louts, Mis-
souri, for surveying public lands; which was
referred to the Cojnmittee of Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of John B. Walbach, asking compensation
for services rendered in 1801, and for expenses
and losses incident to said services; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs*
REPOBTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims," to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Mrs. Maria Taylor, reported back the
same without amendment, and asked the indul-
gence of the Senate to allow the bill to have its
second reading then, in order that it might be con-
sidered and disposed of at once.
No objection having been made, the bill was-
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and no amendment having been
proposed, it was reported to the Senate and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
subsequently read a third time and passed.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred Senate bill No.
288, being the bill authorizing the payment of in-
terest to the State of New Hampshire for advances
made for the use and benefit of the United States
in repelTinsc invasion and suppressing insurrection
at Indian Stream in said State, reported back the
same without amendment.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the.memorial of Mrs. Le-
wright Browning, widow of the late Robert L.
Browning, a lieutenant in the navy of thevUnited
States, submitted a report in writing, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for
the relief of Lewri^ht Browning, which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was ^
referred the memorial of John W. Mount, asking *
an increase of pension^ reported a bill increasing
the pension of John W. Mount; which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Charles A. Kellet, reported back the same with-
out amendment.
MONEY EXPENDED FOR BOOKS.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he required to
ascertain and report to the Senate the amount of monry
drawn from tie contingent fund of the Senate, for the pur-
chase of book? and maps by order of the Senate, since the
1st of December, 1844.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN THIS DISTRICT.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to :
Resohea, That the Committee on Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of settingapart a pouion of tin- public
domain to aid m the support of public schools m the District
of Columbia, and that the said committee report by bill or
otherwise.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the State of Arkansas in aid of
the completion of the military road from Memphis
to St. Francis, and the bill to extend the poit of
New Orleans, were severally read a third time,and
passed.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, authorizing the Secretary of State to
furnish the State of Alabama with duplicates of
