1624
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aifg. 21,
of Mr. Palmer, and the commendations rendered
to him are such as to show that they must hare
considered his researches of great interest. We
are generally in the dark as regards the_ relations
which may be established between this country
.and the countries to which these researches refer,
and I have no doubl that a proper appreciation of
ibese relations will be conducive to the extension
of o^r mercantile relations, and by the extension
of our mercantile relations we shall improve, as
was very property said by the Senator from New
jersey, every other branch ,of industry belonging
to the- nation. I shall, therefore, be in favor of
its publication as proposed.
Mr.' RUSK. My recollection is different from
that of the honorable Senator from New Jersey.
This gentleman has been memorializing Congress
for several years, and has been very anxious to
get this work before the Senate. As it is said to
contain some new information, which it did not
contain-when the work was before ns, and was
once rejected, as 1 think, I will move that the fur-
ther consideration of this subject be postponed till
to-morrow, for the purpose of looking into the
■syork a little fnore.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope that a postponement will
rot take place. The subject has been before us
repeatedly, and has been'often and fully explained,
and as a portion of the work has been in print for
a month or more—though I believe that which it is
proposed to publish now is much enlarged,and that
there is much additionaMnformation to that which
was formerly laid on our tables—members have
had sufficient opportunity to examine it. We
might as welt postpone every other question which
comes up as to postpone this. Although 1 should
regret to lose the vote of the Senator from Texas, I
. think there are enough members sufficiently in-
formed on the subject to act upon it this morning.
Mr. RUSK. 1 will withdraw my motion to
postpone the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. St. John said
that the world could not contain all the books that
might be written; and if the argument of Senators
is to prevail, that we should publish all the books
which would be beneficial to the United States,
certainly this Capitol would not contain them. We
have heretofore confined ourselves to one rule, that
only original researches, only results which flowed
from the investigation of persons employed by
Congress, should be published. We now enter
on a new field. All that has been said in com-
mendation of this work I am prepared fully to
endorse. The gentlemen who has prepared this
work has bestowed many years of labor upon its
preparation, and with the Senator from Texas
[Mr. Rusk] and myself it is an old acquaintance.
These researches, 1 think, were once styled " The
Geography and History of the unknown country
of the East." They were referred in manuscript
to the Joint Committee on the Library, and, after
some time spent, and a very slight investigation,
with frequent conversations upon the subject in the
committee, they were withdrawn. Subsequently
I advocated the publication of a portion of the in-
formation which was incorporated in this work,
and it was published by Congress because of the
original researches it contained, and upon that
ground 1 advocated it against the opposition of the
benator from Missouri. That work which was
published contained what was essentially valuable
to the navigating interest of the United States, It
gave an account of the position of a sunken rock
on the coast of Japan, and contained a chart which
was 'considered of sufficient value to justify its
publication. What may enter into the work which
it is now proposed to publish I cannot state. If it
is the work originally submitted to the Library
Committee, or if it is mainly composed of that
work, I think it is a compilation which this gentle-
man has been able to prepare by his knowledge of
the localities described, his ability to enter into the
Kast India offices in London, and his correspond-
ence with a brother of the Iimg of Siam. In con-
sequence of which facilities for aecess to such ma-
teiials, I have no doubt that, with his knowledge
and research, he has been able to prepare a valua-
, bJe work, such as any member of the Senate will
desire to own. Cut shall we, because it is a valu-
able work, draw money from the public Treasury
to print it? That is the whole question. I admit
all that has been said of it; but the question recurs,
shall we tax the Treasury of the United States to
print it ? and if so, why not print every other val-
uable book which may be submitted to Congress"
for that purpose ? Here lies the whole question,
and here is the whole argument which I propose
to submit to the Senate. I had hoped for some
information from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, which would enable me to vote for it; but as
it now appears that the work only contains that
which we have beforS" examined, I shall have to
vote against it.
Mr. UNDERWOODscaUed for eh« yeas and
nays, and they were oraered, on striking out all
that part of the resolution which relates to the pur-
chase of the book by the Senate, and they were:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Bright. Butler, Da-
vis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, King, Mason, Husk,
Turney, Underwood, Walker, and Yulee—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Berrien, Clemens, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Foote,
Greene, Hamlin, Jones, Mangum, Morton, Phelps, Smith,
Sonl^, Sturgeon, Wales, and Wintlirop—18.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend the resolu
tion by inserting the words "by the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States in
Congress assembled," so as to make it a joint res-
olution, which is necessary, inasmuch as it ap-
propriates money.
Mr. FOOTE. Such payments are usually made
out of the contingent fund of the Senate. „
Mr. HAMLIN I desire, also, to say that all
our printing is paid for out of the contingent fund
of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. When it is done by order of
the Senate, but not when works are purchased
which are printed by other persons.
Mr. WINTHROP. Will not that amend met? t
conflict with the lulesof the Senate? The rules
prescribe the mode hy which joint resolutions may
be introduced, but this mode of making this a joint
resolution will be in violation of the rules.
Mr. ATCHISON. Does not a resolution which
appropriates money require three several read-
ing'
The PRESIDENT. When it makes an appro-
priation of money. This resolution, however,
simply authorizes the Secretary to subscribe for a
certain number of copies of a book.
Mr. ATCHISON. Which I apprehend in-
volves an appropriation.
Mr. DAWSON. To obviate all (lifficulty, I will
withdraw my amendment, and move to refer the
resolution to the Library Committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope the reso-
lution will be recommitted to the committee by
which it was rsported.
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection. I move,
therefore, that the resolution be recommitted to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ATCHISON. Of how many pages will
this book consist >
Mr. MANGUM. About five hundred.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
commit, and there were fifteen in the affirmative
and seventeen in the negative.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " 3,000," and inserting
" 1,500," as the number of copies to be ordered.
Mr. RT/SK. I shall have but a word more to
say on this subject. I was suie that this matter
had previously been before the Senate, and i find
here among the miscellaneous documents a" Me-
' moir, geographical, political, and commercial, of
' the present state, productive resources, and capa-
' bilities for commerce of Lib^rin, Manchuria, and
' the Asiatic islands of the Northern Pacific ocean,
' and on the importance of opening commercial in-
' tercourse with those countries, &c. Addressed
1 to his Excellency James K. Polk, President of
< the United States, by Aaron A. Palmer, coun-
* sellor of the Supreme Court of the United States,
' corresponding member of the National Institute,
' Washington, &c. March 3, 1848. Referred to
i the Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
'printed." This memoir contains some 76 pages.
Mr. FOOTE. The other is a wholly different
work—much larger, and having a different title.
Mr. RUSK. I find by an appendix to this me-
moir that it was the intention of this gentleman to
have appended to it his largest and best map of
the Isthmus of Nicaragua. "Here it is: r
" Under these circumstances, as there has already been
an undue and vexatious delay in ihe printing of the docu-
ment, and bf in? very desnous of promoting the earlyaction
ot the honorable Library Committee of the Senate in refer-
ence to the object of the memoir, he has condoled to sub-,
strtute the anyexed map of the Istliwas ot Nicaragua, on a
reduced scale, reserving Ihe map fn Question for the illus-, .
tration of the chapter on the ship-canal from the 'Atlantic
to the Pacific,"in Mhe unknown countries of the Bast,3'
upon the completion of the work according k> the plan in-
dicated m the foregoing prospectas."
Now, sir, what are we doing? We are either
encouraging* by subscription the publication of this
work, because it is valuable to the country, or we
are procuring the number of eopies necessary for
the Senate. Then, let me ask, do we want three
thousand copies? I apprehend that we are not
going to set a precedent of this kind. If we do,
we may subscribe for every xfaFoable book which
makes its appearance. Thi3 is the age of books;
and if we are now to set the example, we mnsfc
necessarily subscribe for every book which is
deemed to be as valuable a9 this. If we are to do
so, I am in favor of subscribing to modest authors^
and not for the beneSt of those who have- be&n
boring Congress, from time to time, with memo-
rials to purchase their publications. If we are noE
subscribing for the benefit of the author, then w©
are buying the book for the use of the Senate; and
in that case, 1 would like to know, what, in con-
science, we want with three thousand copies.
This is a document which we cannot frank to our
constituents, and what shall we do with it? Shall
we distribute this number of copies equally amon^
Senators, or have we three thousand oi&cers into
whose hands we can put it?
Mr. FOOTE. My friend from Texas seems to
insinuate that the author of this work has bored
the Senate with memorials to purchase this book.
Now, if the Senator from Texas knew Mr. Palmer
as well as I know him, he would not have spoken
so as to insinuate anything of this kirfd, for he is
a modest, amiable gent&eman, known ft> be so
throughout the whole country' If the Senator
from Texas had been better acquainted with him,
he would have learned to appieciate him more fa-
vorably than he appears to do, by the observations*
he has just made. I hope that my friend, who I
know is liberal, and who knows also that ] have
stood by him on many occasions when pecuniary
considerations were involved, will withdraw his
opposition to this resolution.
Mr. RUSK. I know that my friend from Mis-
sissippi is very liberal, and I think 1 am very lib-
eral too. But he must excuse me in this case.
In reference to Mr. Palmer, I believe he is a
very scicntifie man but 1 cannot help saying that,
in my judgment, he has been boring Congress' for
the last six months. *
Mr. FOOTE. Sir, it often happens that those
who are most anxious to benefit the human race
are accounted the greatest bores. Columbus bored
the court of Spain, and was denounced and ridi-
culed, and so have been all those men who have
entertained a strongdisposi.ion to serve the world,
from the time of Adam to the present day. Soc-
rates was denounced, and was poisoned by the *
juice of hemlock. Anstides was banished,asalso
was Cicero; and poor Columbus was earned home
in irons because he had discovered the New World.
Sir, Mr. Palmer is more worthy of sympathy,and v
respect, and countenance, than ninety-nine hun-
dredths of the individuals who come here with
publications of a similar character, and who obtain
the patronage of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. MASON. The time having arrived for the
consideration of the special order, I move that the
further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, it was not agieed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will take occa-
sion to say that, on examining into the question
more carefully, he has come to the conclusion that
inasmuch as this resolution involves an expendi-
ture out of the contingent fund, it will require three
readings. If there be no objection it will now be
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWSON, ii has already had two sev-
eral readings.
Mr. WALKER. Does not that also make it
necessary that it should be a joint resolution ?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly not; k is to $e
paid out of the contingent fund, and each House
controls its own fund.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I merely wish to
say, in justice to this gentleman, that, as the Com-
mittee on the Library has been referred to, they
have no complaint to make at all about being
