1850.
TOE CO^<SRESSI0NAL: 61*.
mi
the South had gained and exercised over the Gov-
ernment of the country.
i% Though we hare b*cn in a numerical minority in the
Union for fifty years, yef, during the greater part. of that
period, we have managed to control the destinies of the Union.
Whether on the battle-field, or' In the council, the sons of
the South have taken the lead; and the records of the
nation afford ample testimony of their superior energy and
genius
Well, sir, put this and this together, and then we
see who is risrht. I state the facts. I leave these
gentlemen to settle their own controversy, I do
not deny—no man is more readythan I am to ac-
knowledge—the obligations we owe to theSouth, to
Washington, to Jefferson, to Madison, to Monroe,
to Jackson,and to the distinguished men theSouth
has sent here to preside over the Executive de-
partment of the Government, or to assist in its
operations. They have won imperishable fame
for themselves, and imperishable honor for their
country. I accord to them the full meed of praise,
for I have no sectional feeling to interfere with my
sense of justice, and I love the South as well as
the North or West. I have been so much of a
wanderer, during my life, that sectional feeling ig
absorbed in a general one, and I love my country,
and my whole country, with equal ardor. Abroad*
it is the name of American >vhich inspires honor
and confidence, and not the name of Virginian, or
Pennsylvanian, or any other less eminent in our
country. I repeat, that southern statesmen, when
conducting our affairs, have conducted them with
ability and success;"and the best proof of this is
the prosperity we enjoy, and the proud eminence
we have attained.
I desire to refer to another fact. The distin-
guished Senator from South Carolina speaks of the
disastrous effects of the Union upon the material
interests of the South, while the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr, Downs] endeavored to prove, the
other day, that in all the elements of prosperity
the South were better off than the North. Let
any man who will, reconcile these differences if
he can. It is an effort I shall not undertake. 1
think it proves to the satisfaction of every moder-
ate man that the whole matter is greatly exagger-
ated, and that expressions are used, and facts as-
sembled together—sometimes indeed in an impos-
ing form—which furnish no justification for the
serious conclusions presented to the country. But,
sir, instead of depreciating one section and exalt-
ing another, let us all join together to thank that
God who enabled our fathers to assert their rights,
and who, we may humbly hope, will enable their
sons, if they are not struck by judicial blindness,
to maintain them, and to transmit them, unimpaired,
to their posterity.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understand that
the honorable Senator from Michigan expressed a
wish to ask me a question.
Mr. CASS. Yes, sir. I wished to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi if he would vote
for the Missouri compromise? *
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will answer the
Senator from Michigan with great pleasure. I
..have stated on several occasions that 1 would take
the Missouri compromise. This I have said de-
liberately and decidedly, on several occasions, and
explained at some length in a recent speech on the
resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky. I have
stated that I considered it as an ultimatum, less
than I believed to be the rights of the South, but
which I would accept, to stop the agitation which
now disturbs and endangers the Union.
Mr. CASS. As 1 had a conversation with the
Senator on this subject in the morning, I supposed
he understood the precise object I had in view. As
this, however, appears not to be the case, I will
ask him if he would accept the Missouri compro-
mise, as it was regulated by the statute providing
for the admission of Missouri into the Union ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understood the
Senator, in a conversation this morning, to make
that inquiry. I then told him that I would not. I
now answer before the Senate, No. To meet this
inquiry, I waited in the Senate chamber, expecting
that he would, at the expiration of the morning
hour, address the Senate; but, as he did not, I left
here, (when the Senator fro n Illinois was address-
ing the Senate,) to answer a summons to see a siclf
friend. I returned a few minutes, as I was in-
formed, after the Senator from Michigan com-
menced his address, and learned that he had signi-
fied a wish to ask me a question. It seemed to me
proper to remind him, at the close of his remarks,
of, the wish he had announced. I now answer his
question in its modified form. I would not take
the terms of the Missouri act, but would accept its
spirit if presented in terms applicable to this case.
When T spoke of the Missouri compromise, I
spoke of it as an arrangement by which the terri-
tory was divided between the slaveholding and the
non-slaveholding interests; I spoke in reference to
the result—the intent of that compromise—which
gave to each a portion. I have always been ready
to rebuke that mean spirit that would evade its
true meaning by a delusive adherence to its words.
I would not take the compromise in the terms-
by which it was applied to the remaining part of
the territory acquired under the name of Louisi-
ana. I would not take it as applied to Texas,
when that State was admitted into the Union, be-
cause the circumstances of both were different
from those of the Mexican territory; but I would
take it, if made applicable to the existing case, and
extended to the Pacific. 1 considered that, when
the Senate had yesterday voted to receive petitions
and to refer them to committees, to consider upon
the power of this Government over slavery in the
territories, over slavery in the District of Colum-
bia, and over the future admission of slave States,
we had taken one great step in advance, and one
which should awaken the apprehension of the
South; and when, in clpse connection with this
action of the Senate, followed the remark of the
honorable Senator from Michigan, that the Mis-
souri compromise could not be extended to the
recent acquisitions from Mexico, I looked upon it
as a conjunction in our political firmament, which
boded evil to those likely to be destroyed by the
joint attraction of these planets. It was there-
fore that I spoke of the declaration as a thing to
be noted—marked as the foreshadow of an event.
If we are not to have non-intervention, the right
to go into these territories and there claim what-
ever may be decided to be ours by the decree of
nature—if we are to be debarred from acquiring—
by emigration, by enterprise, by adventure, by
toil, and labor—equally with others, from the
common domain of the Union—if we are to be
forbidden to use the commons belonging to the
common field, of which we are joint owners—if.
in addition to all this, we are told that no division
can be made—that all of that which we owe in
common must finally become the exclusive prop-
erty of the other partners—in truth, sir, we are
rapidly approaching to that state of things con-
templated by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Calhoun,] when, without an amendment of
the Constitution, the rights of the minority will be
held at the mercy of the majority. Give us our
rights under the Constitution—the Constitution
fairly construed—and we are content to take our
chance, as our fathers did, for the maintenance of
position in the Union. We are content to hold
on to the old compact; and, as we believe in the
merits of our own institutions, we are willing to
trust to time and fair opportunity for the working
out of our own salvation. If we are to be ex-
cluded, by Congressional legislation, from joint
possession on the one hand, and denied every com-
promise which, by division, would give us a share
on the other—neither permitted to an equality of
possession as a right, nor a divided occupation as
a settlement, between propiietors—I ask what is
the hope which remains to those who are already
in a minority in this Confederacy ? What do we
gain by having a written Constitution, if sectional
pride or sectional hate can bend it, as passion, or
interest, or caprice may dictate? What do we
gain by having a Government, based upon this
written Constitution, if, in truth, the rights of the
minority are held in abeyance to the will of the
majority? And now, I ask the Senator from
Michigan a question: Will he not, under the crisis
which hangs upon the fate of the country—will he
not-support the Missouri compromise—the spirit
of the compromise—for a division of the territories
between the two interests of the Confederacy ?
Mr. CASS. I will answer the Senator. I spoke
of the Missouri compromise, which established a
line that ran through a country in which slavery
existed, and which declared that slavery should be
excluded north of that line, and left the country
south of it as it found it, to continue slavery or to
exclude it, as the people might judge best. I say
that my doctrine for the whole territory is non-
intervention.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) I prefer that, too.
Mr. CASS. I agree*, therefore,"with the Sena-
tor from Mississippi. I say that this Government
has no right to interfere with the institution of
slavery in the territories; and I say, if the South
think they have rights there under the Constitu-
tion, m God's name, let the Supreme Court deter-
mine the question. No one can object ,to that.
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) But we cannot get
there.
Mr. CASS. I do not know that. I think other-
wise. would observe, and the Senate will re-
member, that the point in issue was the Missouri
compromise; and now I understand the Senator
from Mississippi would no't vote for that, measure
unless it was accompanied with 'he declaration
that slavery should, or may, or does, exist south
of the line. Do I understand him aright'
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have several
times had occasion to explain that point, which
has been attacked by gentlemen of the North as
.an inadmissible claim. I will agree to the dtaw-
ing of the line 36° 30' through the territories ac-
quired from Mexico, with this condition, that in
the same degree as slavery is prohibited north of
that line, it shall be permitted to enter south of the
line; and that the States which may be admitted
into the Unfon shall come in under such constitu-
tions as they think proper to form.
Mr. CASS. With respect to the last point, I
imagine there would be no difference between us.
With respect to the other, the proposition is inter-
vention north, and non-interventio)i south of the
line, without conferring any rights on the South.
It would be of no practical utility whatever to
that section of country, unless accompanied by
some legislative declaration on the subject. I re-
peat the belief, that we have no authority to* say
that slavery shall or shall not exist in the territo-
ries of the United States. It is a matter to be left
wholly to the people of the country to decide.
That is, 1 think, the true doctrine. I have ever
maintained it, and unless I change greatly, I shall
abide by it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senatordoes
not exactly comprehend my meaning. He and I
do not differ much as to the powers of Congress
over the territories. The difference between the
honorable Senator and myself seems to begin ju3t
wheie he ceases to answer. 1 say that it we can-
not be permitted, free from Congressional inter-
ference, to go into these territories, and lest our
rights, and opportunities under the Constitution
and by the law of nature, and before the Supreme
Court of the United States, shall this agitation
continue—shall this sectional strife be unas-
suaged ? Will not the Senator, like myself, come
down in this stage of the question, and take less
than his own standard—take the Missouri com-
promise in terms adapted to these territories?
Mr. CASS. What I would do to save~this
Union from dissolution, if dissolution were im-
pendingover it, and to be averted only by one
course of action, it is difficult to say. I would do
almost anything.
I desire to advert to another topic, and that is,
one relating: personally to myself. I need not re-
mind the Senate, that within a short time I have
passed through a very severe ordeal for any man.
I said, and I said truly, when the Senator from
Kentucky remarked, a few days since, he was the
best abused man in the country, that he was so
with one exception. That exception my modesty
prevents me from naming. During that campaign
I was silent, and left the falsehoods which in this
country seem to belong to such a contest, to serve
out their purpose, and then to die; but when
these things are resuscitated and repeated here, or
in the other branch of the National Legislature, I
choose to defend myself. I am not now in a po-
sition which precludes mc from the exercise of
that right, and I will exercise it in my place,
when the nature of the assault, or the standing of
the assailant, may render this necessaiy. I owe
this duty to my constituents, by whose favor 1 am
here, not less than to myself. A gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] said, in the House
of Representatives a few days since, that " Taylor
beat Cass, who thanked God he never owned a
slave," &c. I never said this; it is one of the
unfounded stories, whose functions having been
fulfilled, is thus suddenly called from its resting,
place, for some purpose, I know not why. It is
an expression I neverused—it conveys a meaning
I utterly disavow. I da not arraign the motives
