6
SHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 22,
The CHAIRMAN overruled Mr. Stanly's
point of" order—stating that the appropriation ap-
peared to be for one of those contingencies for the
future which were allowed by the 81st rule.
The question being on the amendment—
Tellers were ashed and ordered, and Mr. Wal-
lace and Mr. Strong were appointed.
TJie question was taken, and the amendment
was,agreed to—ayes.71, noes 58.
Mr. DISNEY moved the following amendment:
« For the purchase of a site and the building of a custom-
house and post office at Cincinnati, Ohio, to be expended,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
$5S,000': Provided, That the plan of the buildings shall be
sueti that the whole cost of both buildings and site shall in
no event exceed the appropriation hereby made."
Mr. PRESTON KING inquired if the amend-
ment "was in order?
The CJ3A1RMAN thought it was in order.
Mr. DISNEY, in support of the amendment,
said that the limited time allowed for explanation
wotitcfnot permit him to lay before the committee
all the arguments relating to this subject. He had
only to say, in general terms, that this was a large
commercial city; that its imports, foreign arid do-
mestic, during the last year amounted to the enor-
mous amount of $65,000,000; that even now the
amount of revenues received at that custom-house
was such as to make it the eleventh in importance,
among the one hundred custom-houses of the en-
tire Union. In addition to the vast importance of
the tonnage, and the commercial transactions of
that city, he referred to the fact that it was a place
o£ deposit for large amounts of the public moneys
from the western land offices, and there was no
place for its keeping. The Government was pro-
hibited from depositing the public moneys in the
banks, and they had no other place of deposit.
This proposition was introduced-"upon the peti-
tion of the merchants, the Chamber of Commerce,
and the public authorities of Cincinnati; it was
sustained and recommended by the Treasury De-
partment, and approved by two committees of the'
House, i. e,, the Coramittee>of Ways and Means
and the Committee on Commerce; and he was
certain that no' objections could exist to it in the
mind of any man who would examine the facts
of the case. Those who knew the facts must and
would approve the proposition.
The question being on the amendment—
Mr. JONES called for tellers. Not ordered.
The question was taken, and the vote was—
ayes 73, noes 39. No quorum voting—
The CHAIRMAN directed the roll to be called,
which having been done—
The commiitee rose and reported the names of
the absentees to the House, to be entered upon the
Journal.
'The Chairman then resumed his seat in Com-
. mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the amendment of Mr. Disney, and, by ayes 79,
noes 50, it was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER moved the following amend-
ment:
" For repairing and lining the arches and vaults of the
cu>tom-hou>e building at Philadelphia, to render them prop-
er for storing goods, ,*7.000."
Mr. C. said a few words in explanation, of
which nothing reached the reporter's desk, except
that he (Mr. C.) did not suppose an argument in
support of the appropriation to be requisite.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BOWLIN offered the following amend-
ment, viz:
" For the purchase of a site and the erection of a suitable
building for a custom-house and post office and other Gov-
ernment offices in the city of St. Louis, $50,000 ; to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of theTieasury •
Fronted, Thai the whole cost shall not exceed the sum
hereby appropriated.51
Mr. B. said, that in offering the amendment
he did not intend to inflict a speech on the com-
mittee, but would merely avail himself of the oc-
casion to state a few statistical facts.
The amendment proposes to appropriate fifty
thousand dollars for the purchase of a site and the
erection of a custom-house at St. Louis, capable
of holding all the Government offices at that place.
And it might be proper here for him to invite the
attention of the committee to the fact, that this
appropriation has been recommended by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and also by the Committee
Of Ways and Means, which affor^s.a very high
guarantee of the utility and propriety of the meaf>
ure.
The tonnage of the city of St. Louis is , about
forty thousand. The revenue collected there for
the last year was about eighty thousand dollars,
which was an advance upon the preceding year of
near twenty thousand dollars—showing the rapidly
increasing character of the commerce there.
In reply to an interrogatory, he said the popula-
tion of St. Louis was about eighty thousand—
chiefly engaged in commerce. But of her com-
mercial.character, it was not necessary for him to
speak; it was too well known.
He had, he said, early in the session addressed
a communication to each of the departments of
this Government, inquiring the amount of rent
paid by each in St. Louis, for house and room rent
for public offices, and he had received answers
from tjie"Treasury, War, Interior, and Post Office
Departments, and the aggregate of rents paid by
them was $6,320—all of which might be saved
by the erection of this building.
Having submitted the-facts, he had nothing
more, he said, to add; and he submitted the amend-
ment with full confidence to the committee.
A Member in his seat. Is the revenue collected
in the city of St. Louis increasing ?
Mr. BOWLIN. It is. The year before last it
was sixty thousand dollars. Last year it was up-
wards of eitrhty thousand.
Mr. TAYLOR. What' is your present popu-
lation?
Mr. BOWLIN. Eighty thousand.
Mr. BINGHAM called for the reading of the
amendment, and it was again read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, offered the
following amendment:
" For the purchase of a site, and the building of a custom-
house and post office at Bangor, Maine, to be expended
under Ihe direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, thirty
thousand dollars: Provided, That the plan of the building
shall be such that the whote cost, both of building and site,
shall in no event exceed the appropriation hereby made."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
Mr. MEADE submitted the following amend-
ment, viz:
" For the purchase of a site and the building of a custom-
house and post office at Petersburg, Virginia, ,<$20,000, to
he expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Tteasnry: Provided, That the said site and building shall
cost no more than thesum hereby appropriated."
Mr. M. briefly enforced the expediency and
propriety of this appropriation, in view of the
erowing capacity and importance of the town of
Petersburg, and of the anticipated increase in its
trade. There was neither a post office nor a cus-
tom-house there, and he hoped the appropriation
would be made.
Mr. BAYLY said, this was a matter of some
importance, and he begged that the committee
would give him its ear for a few moments.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Bayly
and the Chairman, as to the disorder in the Hall.
After which—
Mr. B. proceeded. It was impossible, he said,
that the committee could get along with these im-
portant amendments unless gentlemen would give
their attention. In relation to the amendment of-
fered by his colleague, [Mr Meade.] he (Mr. B.)
desired to state the rule under which he thought
the committee should act in regard to all such prop-
ositions. fie did not know but what the amend-
ment was in order. He was inclined to think that
it was so; but he thought that the House should
not vote in any amendment of such a character
unless it had undergone the scrutiny of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, or of the Committee of Ways
and Means. If the House sanctioned this course
of putting in propositions for custom-houses at
points where no application has been made for
them by the Secretary of the Treasury, or where
no examination had been made, but merely on the
ex parte statement of the members representing the
districts, a great many improper appropriations
would be made He had no objection to the amend-
ment, except that which he had stated. It did not
come regularly before the House. There had been
no proposition from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury—no investigation by the Committee on X3om-
merce or the Committee of Ways and Means; and
he called upon the committee,• unless it intended to
give in to-very improper legislation, to vote down
all those amendments for tiew custom-houses, un-
less they should first have undergone the scrutiny
of a committee. And he had selected this occasion
of'a proposition being offered affecting his own
State, where his kindred resided, to express his
opposition to this course of proceeding, in order
that he might thereby demonstrate the disinterest-
ness with which he did it.
The question was taken, and the Amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY now inquired of the Chair, whether
the amendment in relation to Bangor, in Maine,
had been adopted or rejected ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, then, it ought not to have
been. There should have been a division. I
think it was announced as carried-, otherwise I
should have called for a division.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair distinctly an-
nounced, that the noes appeared to have it; and,
no division being called for, the amendment waa
declared to be rejected.
Mr. BAYLY. It ought not to have been re-
jected. It is impossible to transact business un-
derstandingly, amidst the conversation and noise
that pervade the Hall. _
Mr. EWING offered the following amendment: '
" For the purchase of a site and the ereclion of a suita-
ble building for a custom-house, post office, and other Gov-
ernment offices in Nashville, Tennessee, $40,000 : Providpd,
That the cost of this building shall not exceed the sum
hereby appropriated,"
Mr. E. briefly explained the propriety of this
appropriation. He referred to, the amounts
paid for rent of detached buildings, and showed
the inconveniences which resulted from the want.
of such accommodation, and its necessity for the
preservation of the public records, which were not
now in a safe condition. The amendment had not
been reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, or any other committee, but he hoped the
appropriation would be granted.
Mr. SWEETSER called upon the committee to
pause and reflect upon what they were doing, be-
fore they made these appropriations. If the com-
mittee was to go on in this way, the annual appro-
priations would be increased to an extent which
would alarm the country. He had taken occasion,
heretofore, to call the attention of the House to
the fact, that the appropriations for this year were
enormous. He was not opposed to the erection of
these buildings where there was a necessity for
them. But he asked the committee to vote down
this and all similar propositions, and to cut down
the appropriations wherever it was possible to do
so without detriment to the public service. He
was opposed to any further increase in the ex-
penditures of this Government, and he called upon
gentlemen who might hereafter be held responsi-
ble for these aggregate appropriations, to stand up
and resist them wherever it was proper to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
" Provided, further, That the said custom-house shall be
paid for only out of the net proceeds of duties collected at
that port."
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say that these amend-
ments are in the same category^with that of the
Petersburg proposition. They do not come regu-
larly before the House.
The question on the amendment to the amend-
ment was taken, and, by ayes 82, noes 42, it was
agreed to.
And the amendment, as amended, was then re-
jected.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following amendment:
" For the purchase of a site and the building of a custom-
house and post office at Bangor, Maine, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, tiventy-
nim: thousand dollars; Prot-iiled, That the plan of the
building shall he such that the whole cost, both of building
and site, shall in no event exceed the appropriation hereby
made."
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say that this is the
proposition (with the exception that the sum' is
less by one thousand dollars) which I supposed
the committee had adopted, but which I subse-
quently found had been rejected. It was recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
met the approval of the Committee on Commerce
and of the Committee of Ways and Means. I
hope it will be sustained.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the amend-
ment as follows:
