1850.
THE. (XWCmE^IONAL' GLOBE.
this could be a judicial question in any shape, that w«s
the tribunal before which it migh%2ome. With the de-
cision, the American people would have rested satisfied-
quiet would have been restored. It was a great consti-
tutional question, and on *uch questions, the people of the
United Slates have been, taught to look to the decisions of
the Supreme Court with veneration; but they have not
been accustomcd to having them promulgated in advance,
and aie startled at thus seeing them. The effect is almost
as injurious to us as a decision regularly pronounced, be-
cause it has deterred the South from an equal participancy
in the territories, while it has emboldened the North to
persist m its efforts, it has caused one party to believe that
it was right, and the other to fear that it was wrong. From
position, it has made the 'worse appear the better cause '
Jt is not true, that slavery doe? not exist in California, al-
though it may have been prohibited by the laws of Mexico.
True, the conquering country may permit the municipal
laws of the conquered country to remain in force; but
this is only true of private or strictly municipal laws. It
is not true a3 regards political laws. By elementary wril
ters, laws are divided into public and private, or pohtiea-
and municipal. Political laws are such as ave organic,
and confer power and form on the Government. They
give it vitality as an organized body. These political laws
are^sometimes reduced to the form of a constitution, which
becomes supreme and paramount to all other laws, either
public Jor private. Our Constitution is the law of our
being—it is the essencc of our Government—it is the combi-
nation of certain great principles, between c&h one of
which, there is a connection and dependency, and the aggre-
gate constitutes a unit. To withdraw or destioy any one of
them, would break the entire fabric—it would lop off an
essentia! part of our political power. When we acquired
California, it became subject to our Constitution—our wl o'e
Constitution—our Constitution as an entire thing. The
territory did not become subject to part of our Government
only; but every principle of the Constitution prevailed there
as an active principle, and superseded, of necessity, what-
ever was repugnant to any one of them. No abridgement
of the rights of the new-comers could be permitted. The
vested rights of the citizens there, at the lime we acquired
it, may be protected by a principle not inconsistent with
this position. The consequence is, that we have a light to
take our slaves there, hec.iuse they are our property, se-
cured to us, as such, by the principles of our paramount
politest law. If it were true that slavery was then prohib-
ited by the laws of Mexico, and could not be established
theie without positive law,then the Constitution went there
a mere cripple—but not so. Wherever the stiipes and
stars float over a territory, as an emblem of political domin-
ion, thoy restlupon a peifect pedestal—formed by cvrey
principle in the Constitution—indissolubly cemented to-
gether. As well may it be said, tbat^our Constitution must
give place to the established rehgion'of Mexico.
"How strange it is, that while Congress has no power
over the subject of slavery, in consequence of an inhibition,
it should be contended that the laws of the conquered coun-
try should secure a prohibition, and thus triumph over our
constitutional rights.
"Thus, as I conceive, stands the question of riifhi; but if
it were a question of expediency merely, how ungenerous
the conduct of the North! We are united as a family of
nations.. VVe may have different local interests, but our
obligations t® each other, require, an observance of good
faith, of good feeling, of mutual support, and forbearance.
With them, it is matter of feeling only—with us, it is a
question of. in;erest. Are they not prepared to yield their
feelings and their prejudices, for the sake of protecting our
interest? If not, they have forgotten the objects of the
Union: mutual safety, prosperity, and happiness, dictated
it. Are they willing to risk all these for the gratification of
a mere imaginary philanthropy? It would seem so. The
Wilmot proviso is but the entering wedge; that accom-
plished, and the rest will follow. Emancipation in the
States is doubtless the ultimate object; and we have reason
to fear that at no point short of thiswilJ theaeffort cease.
The Union must be dissolved, and the blessings which we
, enjoy under our Government must become a sacrifice on
the altar of fanatacism. We must become a degraded>co-
nle, or abandon our country to the; African race. We
would say to them, Beware! you but rush on to your own
destruction.
« It is a subject of deep regret, that the powerful engine
of prejudice is arrayed against us. Enormities are falsely
ascribed to us, with a view to excite indignation; they
add in ult to injury. We are held out as destitute of com-
mon mercy—degraded at home and abroad. The means,
employed are calculated to excite our slave population, and
endanger our lives. We hope and believe that there are
srill a lew at the North, who value the Union, and do not
engage in this unnatural warfare. Our Union should be so-
cial as well as political—amity should prevail between the
different divisions. Butthe ties that bind us are being daily
weakened, and the love of the Union diminished. We have
remonstrated, but m vain. We yield to none, in a deep and
abuhngilove for the Union. We wish not£to sever it, but
to re-cemenl it. We can vindicate it only by keeping it in-
violate. VVe would preserve it in all its purity. We want
it as our fathers give it to us, and must defend it against in-
fraction, as a sacred duty we owe to their memory. The
South has borne with these encroachments, under a hope
that a sense of justice would ultimately correct the evil; but
of this there seems now to be but little hope. We must take
our stand. Let us survey the ground well, and occupy that
position on which we can stand within the pale of the Con-
stitution; and when taken, let us maintain it, like men who
know their rights and are determined to protect them. We
are not the aggressors; and if the result should prove disas-
trous let the blame rest on those who have provoked the
quarrel."
It will readily be perceived, Mr. President, that
!Jucke Sharkey contented himself with a bold, ner*
' vous, and irresistible vindication of the constitu-
tional rights of the South, of the assailment of
■ which he justly complained, and against further
aggressions, upon which he most solemnly and
earnestly protested. He confined himself, and
wisely, too, as I conceive, to u the pale of the Con-
stitution." He did not feel authorized to recom-
mend any amendment of the Constitution, as in-
dispensable to the safety and honor of the South.
He did not suggest the adoption by Congress
of any act for amplifying, adding to, or strength-
ening:, the existing rights of the slave States of
the Union in any part of our territorial domain.
He regarded our rights, under the Constitu-
tion, as full and complete—Mexican laws to the
contrary notwithstanding. He occupied strict
non-intervention ground throughout this address,
and demanded only that Congress should refrain
from all legislation hostile to southern rights. He
firmly and proudly relied upon an enlightened
judiciary^for the decision of all questions which
might arise in regard to the legality of slavery in
the te|ptories. This is precisely the ground
which, for several sessions past, southern mem-
bers in Congress haveassumed, and maintained, as
I think, with arguments of irresistible and conclu-
sive force. Territorial government, without the
Wilmot proviso, or any restriction on the subject
of slavery, is al! that we have claimed. To be
■^ure, we have declared—and I understand every
State of the South, including Misssissippi, tn de-
clare—that if the course of aggression, heretofore
pursued, should be obstinately persisted in—if
tyranny and injustice should be practised, which
might be justly regarded as amounting to intolera-
ble oppression—then would the right of secessfon
arisp as an extra-constitutional, or, if you please,
a revolutionary remedy—authority to resort to
which, in such a case, no freemin, worthy of the
name, will ever gainsay. Such, sir, do 1 under-
stand to be the precise attitude of the State of
Mississippi, upon whose suggestion the proposi-
tion to hold a Southern Convention, in Nashville,
was first entertained-by the southern States of the
; Union. This convention was recommended by
the State of Mississippi, as I have several times
had occasion to state here, not for disunion pur-
poses—not for the purpose of adding to the un-
happy excitement now existing—not for the pur-
pose of raising up insuperable obstacles of any
kind, to the ultimate adjustment of the pending
questions—but for the purpose of holding calm,
fraternal and patriotic counsel, and, by embody-
ing the whole moral force of the South in favor of
such fair, reasonable, and constitutional measures
of redress and prevention, as the ci isis might seem
to demand, to rescue the Union from impending
jeopardy, effectually to shield the honor of the South
from menaced discredit, and secure to the slave
States of the Republic that perfect domestic security
to which, by the Constitution itself, they are unde-
niably entitled. Such, according to my under-
standing of the matter, is the position of the State
of Mississippi—such the objects of the Nashville
Convention, the holding of which, I hope, may
still be rendered unnecessary, by the adoption of
certain healing measures here, which are begin-
ning, as I think, to be generally regarded as more
than likely to be ultimately matured and carried
into effect.
And now, sir, before 1 conclude, I will say, that
I have more confident hopes than several of my
: friends, who have spoken in the last day or two of
' a satisfactory adjustment of all the questions
growing out of slavery at the present session of
Congress. My honorable colleague will allow me
to suggest, that I do not concur with him in the
rather despondent opinion he has just now ex-
pressed, that there is no prospect of passing a bill
through both houses of Congress for the estab-
lishment of territorial governments, without any
restriction in regard to slavery. I will not posi-
tively predict future results; but I will venture to
declare that, from the best information which I
have been able to obtain from members of the two
houses of Congress, I have been led to the conclu-
sion, that such a territorial bill as 1 have described,
will' unquestionably pass both the Senate and
House of Representatives, if we can ever put it
fairly in progress. Other questions, I doubt not,
may be also satisfactorily adjusted, whenever we
conclude to terminate angry and unprofitable dis-
cussion, and enter in the proper spirit upon the
pathway of practical duty.
Mr. President, I had hoped that the Senate
w#uld have granted the motion, now under consid-
eration, several days since. I entertained a very
decided wish, that the special committee that I
have been so long endeavoring to raise, .mi^ht enter
upon their important task under the.auspicious in-
fluences awakened by the noble speech of the; hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr Web-
ster,] whose attitude and political connections
are such as to give him peculiar efficiency as a pa-
pacificator at this period. In this wish Ihave
not been gratified. As I anticipated and appre-
hended, other speeches have been made less con-
ciliatory in their character. The honorable Sen-
ator fiom New York [Mr. Seward] has been
especially active since in stirring up the embers
of discord, and in reawakening that fell spirit of m
contention which has been already productive of
so much mischief. It is probable that no in-
jury will now result from a still longer postpone-
ment of final action upon my motion for a special
committee; and as several gentlemen, who profess
to be willing to vote for the motion hereafter, when
they shall have had an opportunity of addressing
the Senate, have requested me not to urge imme-
diate action, I acquiesce very willingly in the mo-
tion of the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Dayton,] and hope that the question under
consideration may be made the order of the day
for Wednesday next.
Mr. MJTLER. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Foote] has understood me as having en-
dorsed the course that he says has been taken by
my colleague. Now, sir, as to the course which
my colleague may think proper to take, it is upon
his own responsibility, and his speech has "been
deliberately prepared, and is fairly the subject of
parliamentary criticism. I do not object to the
remarks made upon it by the honorable Senator
from Michigan ; for the speech has been given to
the public, with a claim to public attention, and it
cannot lose aiuthmg by public discussion; and,
of course, public men have a right to comment
freely on n. I am sorry my colleage is not here,
to make such a reply as the assaults upon it would
have demanded. He is not quite so well to-day
as he was yesterday; but, absent or present, he
must share the fate of all public men who have a
historical reputation. The authority of his name
is derived from his services to the Union for an
eventful lifetime; and that authority is not to be
| destroyed by the ephemeral criticism of the mo-
j ment, or the evanescent censure dictated under the
: influence of a confident majority. The reputa-
tion of distinguished men is more like the pro-
montory in the deep, than the fluctuating waves
that beat upon us base, or the winds that assail its
bosom. It preserves its identity in spite of them,
and looks the prouder wifcpn it has withstood
them.
I do not choose to say more now, nofdo I know-
that I shall hereafter say anything in the way of
personal vindication, l. do not understand any
one to say that this Government may not last, by
a faithful adherence to the provisions of its Con-
stitution, or the original and honest construction
of it; and my colleague, I suppose, thinks, as
long as there w*s self-sustaining power in what
he regards the equilibrium of the different sec-
tions of the country, there was an ample guaranty
of the continuance of the Union. But he has
intimated his opinion, that there is no security
against the abuse of an irresponsible majority;
and when he speaks of this Government, as tend-
ing to an irresponsible despotism, like that of
Russia, he says nothing more or less, than that if
the majority assume a power not m the Constitu-
tion, and use force to carry out their ends, it would
be like any other irresponsible despotism, to all
intents and purposes. Can any one doubt that?
I d* not thmk it can be denied, that others must
respect our rights, or we must have guaranties to
maintain them when they are wrongfully violated.
I have one remark to make with regard to my-
self, as to some remarks of the honorable Senator
from Michigan. The honorable Senator wished
to know if a man owed his vote to the fact of hav-
ing property in a jackass; and if the jackass should
die who would have the vote—to whom did it be-
long, the man or the jackass ? I said playfully,
in an undertone, that a voter was not the worse for
having a live jackass; and hence he seemed to in-
fer, and said, that I would give the vote for the
jackass, and he for the man. Now, sir, I undertake
to say that no man is the worse for having property ,
whether it is a horse or a jackass. ^ He is none the
worse voter. That is all that I intended to say, and
that is the way I wish a private and playful remark
