534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
to go to the public. As the gentleman dwelt some-
what on the jackass illustration, to show his de-
mocracy, 1 have no objection to my qualification
going with it, although he said there was a funda-
mental difference between us. I hope I respect
the rights of a voter as much as he does, and would
have him subjected to no jackass qualification }o
entitle him to'the rights of a free citizen.
The remarks of the gentleman may hereafter
call for further notice from me, if I can give it
without interference with the rights of others.
Mr. DAYTON moved that the further consider-
®ation of this question be postponed till Wednesday
next, at one o'clock. He said that he moved that
day, because Monday and Tuesday were already
set apart. He desired also to say that, in post-
poning these resolutions, he intended to speak upon
the general questions involved in them, as the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] had
used them forthat purpose. This he (Mr. D.) did
by the consent of the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Foote.]
The mrttion was agreed to, and,
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 15, 1850.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SACKETT asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given, with a view, he said, to its
reference to the Committee on the Post Office.
The title of the bill was read, as " A bill to estab-
lish a post-road in Seneca county, New York."
Objections were made on the right of the Chair.
So the bill was not introduced.
CONVENTION WITH BRAZIL.
Mr. Met'LERNAND asked the House, by
unanimous consent, to take up, with a view to its
reference to the Commute on Foreign Affairs, the
bill from the Secretary, (lying on the Speaker's
table,) providing lor carrying into effect a conven-
vention between the United Stales and the Empe-
ror of Brazil.
No objection having been made, the bill was
taken up, read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Foieign Affairs.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose
of proceeding with the consideration of the private
calendar.
The liioiion was agreed to.
The SPKAKER invited Mr. Ashmun, of Mass-
achusetts, to take the chair.
Mr. ASHMUN excused himself for a reason,
not heaid by the reporter.
The SPEAKER then invited Mr. Vinton, who
accepted the invitation.
The House thereupon resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, (Mr. Vinton, of Ohio, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
bills on the private calendar.
MOORE AND HASCALL''S HARVESTING MA-
CHINE.
The Committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill first on the calendar, for the relief of
Hiram Moore and John Hascali.
The bill Was read, as follows:
he it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America, m Congress assembled, That
the Commissioner "I ratents sliall lip, and lie is hereby, re-
quimt to extend lo Hiram Moore and John Hawaii, ami to
their heirs and legal representatives, tlieir patent for a ma-
chine for cutting, tlirasliinu, and cleaning grain, commonly
known as ".Moore and llase,ill's Harvesting Machine," for
the term ot fouitren yean. from the twemj-eiglilll day or
June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty, the day when
said patent will expire.
And the said Commissioner of Patents shall add to said
patent, when the same shall be evtended, all the improve-
ments to tile said machine, or to any pait thereof, winch tile
said Moore and Hascall, or ei tiler ol ihem, iiave in veined
and made, fiom ih' date of said or final patent lo the day
•when tile same shall lie extended: Provided, That the ►aid
Moore and Haseall shall first pay into the Trea-uiy, to the
credit of the patent fund, the sum ot fortj dollars—Hie lee
now required by law on applications (or extr nsion ol patents :
And provided jmlhcr, That all lights, privileges, anil inter-
ests in said patent heretofote trrantid or assigned by said
patentees, or by their duly authorized agents in their name,
shall mure to, and he enjoyed by, tlie patentees, a-sigi.ees,
and purchasers thereof, respectively, during the extended
time of said patent, upon the same conditions, and to the
same extent, as now enjoyed by them.
Mr. CALVIN rose and objected to the bill. j
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired whether this
was objection day.
The CHAIRMAN answered in the negative,
adding that the bill was now open to debate.
The reading of the report was called for, and
was read.
The bill was heretofore reported by Mr. Wal-
den,from the Committee on Patents. Thereportis
embraced in a few lines. The committee come to the
conclusion that the prayer of the petitioners ought
to be granted, and recommended the passage of
the bill. For a statement of the tacts and reasons
which have induced the committee to come to this
conclusion, they refer to the petition of the pat-
entees, to several statements of highly respectable
citizens of Michigan, and to a joint resolution of
the legislature of that State, in support of the ap-
plication of the petitioners.
Mr. CROWELL called for the reading«of the
said papers, which were lead.
The CHAIRMAN said, that if no amendment
was proposed, the bill would be laid aside to be
reported to the House.
Mr. JONES said there was a general law upon
the subject of granting patents, under which, if
there was any improvement in any machine, the
person entitled could get an extension patent. If
the person making such improvement could not
establish his right to a patent for it under the
general law, it would be wrong in Congress to pass
a special law giving a patent, although the right
might be defective. Believing so, he moved that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. HAMILTON (a member of the Commit-
tee on Patents) stated the facts of the case:
Owing to the limited time in which the machine
could be used each year, the inventor, he said, had
been occupied for the whole fourteen years, during
which he had had his patent,'m perfecting his ma-
chine. Having perfected it, and being now pre-
pared to make something out of it, the inventor
desired to be placed on equal footing with ordinary
inventors—to have the benefit of his patent for
fourteen years. The committee had thought,
under these circumstances—it having been con-
clusively proved that his expenses in bringing the
machine to perfection had been from $20,000 to
#25,000, and that he had received but $5,000—
that it was but just to extend the patent, and had
unanimously reported a bill accordingly.
Mr. CALVIN expressed his opposition to the
bill, and stated that he had received letters from
persons in Michigan, protesting against the exten-
sion of this patent. If there was just reason for it,
let the patentee apply to the Patent-Office, and he
would receive an extension if he was entitled to
it. He hoped this system of special legislation
would not be favored by this House. If the gen-
eral potent law needed amendment, let it be revised,
but he hoped the House would not occupy its time
by legislating on special cases.
Mr. BUEL said: Mr Chairman, the bill under
consideration came here from the Committee on
Patents, upon the petition of the parties interested,
who are citizens of Michigan, and seems to justify
some few remarks from me, in explanation of its
merits. What, sir, are the facts' Nearly four-
teen years ago, these par les, Moore and Hascall,
procured a patent for a machine of their invention,
called a harvesting machine; being one which cuts,
thrashes, cleans, and deposits thegrain in the sack,
in a single operation, and harvests from twenty to
twenty-five acres per day. From its nature, it is,
evidently, a complex machine, and must neces-
sarily require much time for experimenting with
it, and bringing it to such perfection as would
make it useful to the public, being chiefly designed
for harvesting on the prairies.
The lifetime of the patentee has been consumed
in perfecting the machine, and it is now supposed
to have become perfected for use. But in the
mean time,Jt is understood, not a machine has
been sold. The parties have never gone into mar- '
ket for the purpose of selling it, and they have
realized nothing for their inventions, except the
small pittance of $5,000, which has been obtained
by way of experiments and use of the machine
111 the neighborhood of the parties. But this ma-
chine itself is very expensive, being worked by
sixteen horses, and nearly $30,000 have been ex-
pended m lis perfection. In fact, the parties Save
spent their lives and fortunes on it, and all they
now ask is, that they be allowed to reap, from
their great expenditure of time and money, those
benefits which ouF patent laws extend lo every
patentee. It is their policy to stimulate the me-
chanical genius and invention of the country, by
rewarding it to some little extent; and this can be
done in no better manner, than by giving the in-
ventor, for a certain period, the profits of his in-
vention. This bill, in substance, only places the
parties on an equal footing with patentees in gen-
eral. Their machine is of a character which must
necessarily be patented before perfected, and per-
fected before the parties can reap any benefit from
it. They could necessarily have but two or three
weeks in each year for making experiments. A
year must intervene between each experiment, and
hence it is, that they have required so much time
j to perfect their machine. Theie is nothing in the
case which will not bear the fullest setutiny. I
do not fear examination. What I most fear is,
that it will not be examined. No one, I think,
will oppose this bill, who will take the pains to
understand its merits. The Committee on Patents
have reported unanimously in favor of this bill.
Mr. CALVIN inquired of the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Bcel] if the patent had not been
renewed already?
Mr. BUEL. Never.
Mr. CALVIN. How long has it been in use?
Mr. BUEL. Not at all, except by way of ex-
periment. No machine has been manufactured
for sale—none has been sold in the countiy.
He (Mr. B ) referred to the statement of Mr.
Calvin, that he had received letteis from persons
residing in Michigan protesting against the ex-
tension of this patent, and said, if the gentleman
was at liberty to read them, he would like to hear
them read, and to know the source whence they
came.
Mr. CALVIN was understood to say that the
letters were not here.
Mr. BUEL said, that in his State it was under-
stood there was no objection to the renewal of this
patent. He had evidence, more tellable than the
letters of A, B, and C, which were not here. The
people of Michigan felt so deep an interest in the
subject, and considered it one of so much import-
ance, that through their legislature they had in-
structed their Senators, and requested their Repre-
sentatives in Congress, to use their efforts for a
renewal of the patent. He held in his hand those
resolutions, and if the gentleman woyld listen to
them, he must be satisfied, and the whole com-
mittee must be satisfied—notwithstanding a few
private letters to the contrary—that the" people of
his State were in favor of the extension of the
patent. He caused the resolutions of the legisla-
ture to be read.
Mr. CALVIN had no doubt bat this was a very
valuable invention; but he did not understand why
the petitioner did not apply to the Patent Office for
a renewalof his patent. Why the House of Rep-
resentatives were troubled with this application to
grant special privileges, he knew not. The patent
law secured the right of the benefit of their inven-
tions to all inventors; and if this patentee could
not, under that law, get the privileges he desiied,
he must bear the consequence.
Mr. BINGHAM briefly advocated the passage
of the bill. The patentee, he said, had spent the
entire fourteen years in making improvements of
this machine; every farmer knew that there were
but two or three weeks in a year in which he could
make experiments with it. He had devoted his
whole lifetime to the invention and improvement
of the patent, and had spent a fortune of $30,000
in bringing it to perfection. It was an invaluable
aid to the farmeis of the West in harvesting the
large crops of their immense praiiiesand farms.
The inventor, in his devotion to the improvement
of the machine, had spent his fortune, and was
now poor. He thought this was a case in which
! it was manifestly just for Congress to depart from
1 the ordinary rule, and by law extend the patent.
Mr. ROOT said, without pretending to know
anything of the merits of this bill, that the princi-
ple of extending patents, by Congress, was wrong.
Exceptions to this rule might, m some cases, be
I proper; but what he had heard of this bill, did not
Convince him that this was such a case. He re-
ferted to the resolutions of the Legislatuie of
Michigan, and said he did not know how much of
their time that legislature spent in recommending
to Congress the claims of people of that State,
but he dared say, that nine out of ten men who
