1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
162 
thought that even "if #90,000 were to be expended
in the erection of a court-house, it would be a wise
appropriation. He had always heretofore doubted
the policy of appropriating money for the erection
of post offices, and had uniformly voted against
it; But if there was any place where an appro-
priation for this purpose was called, for more than
in any other place, it certainly was Baltimore; and
he thought-Congress should authorize an appro-
priation for this purpose. H§ hoped that the
amendment would be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, admitted that
the court-house in Baltimore was an inconvenient
place, and so were a great many other-court-houses
in Pennsylvania, and in Virginia. But if this sys-
tem of introducing appropriations to improve all
the court-houses and post offices, was to be
sanctioned, he was afraid we should not have
money in the Treasury to pay the appropriations.
Pie was very much afraid that we might have to
encroach on the Texas fund of ten millions,
which would be a great grief to him. He would
be very loth to take any of the ten millions which
it was proposed, to give to the State of Texas.
Eiut if the country was about to be forced to the
very verge of ruin by this extensive system of
appropriations, he saw no escape. He was afraid
we should have to take a part of that ten millions.
The question being about to be taken, tellers
were'detnanded and granted. Mr. Meade and Mr.
Hunter were appointed tellers, who announced
the affirmative vote 32. The count of the nega-
tives was not insisted on.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. MEACHAM moved an amendment to in-
crease the salary of the custom-house officer at
Burlington, Vermont, to increase the appropriation
to that office for incidental expenses, $125, and
appropriating $500 for the purchase of furniture.
He trusted that while such liberal appropriations
were made to other States, this small item for Ver-
mont would not be refused.
Mr. BAYLY made a question of order, on the
ground that this amendment altered the existing
law which requires that the compensation of the
collector shall be the fees of the office. This
amendment gave a specific salary. So it was as
to the incidental expenses, which were fixed by
law.
Mr. MEACHAM sent to the Clerk's table a
letter from the collector, which he requested the
Clerk to read. The letter states that the Govern-
ment has heretofore furnished $79 33 per quarter
to pay office rent, fuel, lights, stationery, blanks,
.expenses of visiting offices on the frontier, print-
ing, &c., &c.; but that within the last two years,
in consequence of the great increase of business,
this allowance has been found to be entirely in-
adfequate. The rent has been doubled, from the
necessity of giving greater accommodation to the
importers and merchants, while the incidental ex-
penses have quadrupled. No furniture has ever
been granted for the collector's office. In conse-
quence of the establishment of two great lines of
railroads from Boston to Burlington, the business
has greatly increased, and is increasing as the trade
of New England, Canada, and the West must
pass through Lake Champlain, and over, these
railroads. There is also a large amount of de-
benture and warehouse transportation business,
die., all adding to the duties, white the officers on
the frontier are prohibited from taking fees or
emoluments of any kind. The following table
accompanies this letter:
Sumuumi statement, of the value and relative increase ofim-
. jiorts paying duty at this office from January 1,1846, to
June yj, lbdO.
Value of Imports Amount of duties
Dateof Importation, paung duty at this received at this
oftiee. office.
A. D. 1845.."  74,681 81 13,743 11
1847 . 76,307 6L lo,148 81
1818   121,108 53 24,116 08
1849  239.926 68 47./3a 92
1st qt. in lboU  97,31)2 85 9,S)7J 90
3J qr. Do  163,415 8S 34,ODD 98
remarks.
Value of exports of foreign produce and manufacture in
bond, liable to fluty, reported and inspected at this office,
vane* in amount from §3(10,000 to $500,000 per annum.
Value of expoits ol domestic produce and manufacture
and specie, nothaUe. lo duty, varies in amount from §350,000 :
to SSOO.OOO pel annum. .
Value of imports in bond, to Canada, inspected at this
office, amount to Irom $400,000 to $600,000 per annum.
Value of impertt in bond, from Canada, inspected and
bended at this office, amount to from $200,000 to &400,000
per annum. A. A. CATLIN, Collector of Customs. ■'
Custom-Hobse, District of Vermont,
Collector's Office, Burlington, July 25, 1850. \
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. MEACHAM., in order to bring his propo-
sition within the rule, modified it by striking out
the part relating to the salary of the collector.
Mr. BAYLY contended that the incidental ex-
penses" wf.re also regulated by law.
The CHAIRasked thegentleman from Vermont
if this was the fact?
Mr. MEACHAM said, he did not think this
true.
After a few words from Mr. RUMSEY, Mr.
R. M. McLANE, and Mr. BAYLY—
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. BAYLY then opposed the amendment, on
the grotind that under the existing law, passed this
session, the sum of §2,600,000 was appropriated
to defray the expenses of collecting the revenue.
Out of that sum the Secretary of the Treasury
makes the disbursements where they are required.
He hoped the committee would not interfere with
this executive duty, by assuming the right to
make an appropriation for this purpose at any par-
ticular point. If the collector at this place did not
receive enough, let him go to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and obtain more.
Mr. JONES said, that in addition to this
fi2,600,000, there were about $240,000 arising from
fees, applicable to the same purpose, making an
aggregate of about $2,840,000.
The question being about to be taken—
Tellers were demanded and granted. Messrs.
Henry and Olds were appointed tellers, and an-
nounced the affirmative vote to be 31. The count
of the noes was not insisted on.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARALSON submitted the following
amendment, viz:
" To aid the justices of the inferior court of Cobb
counly, Georgia, in the erection of a suitable court-house in
the town of Marietta, m which to hold tile District Court of
the United Slates for the upper district of Georgia, as well
as the courts of said county, the sum of §5,000: Provided,
kouever, That for the future use of said court-house by said
United State* courts, no further charge shall be made
against theGoveinment."
Mr. H. desired to make'a brief explanation,
in order to show that there would be economy
in this appropriation. It was the practice in
large cities to pay high rents for buildings for the
use of the Government. This court was held
in the new part of the State of Georgia. The
court-house was erected there in the infancy of
the .county. It was altogether an unsuitable build-
ing, either for the use of the county, or for the use
of the United States. The population there had
increased as largely as in any other portion of the
State. It was proposed by the inferior court of
the county—sustained by the recommendation of
the grand jury, to erect a court-house suited to the
present state of the population and wants of the
county. But as the district court of the United
States was by law held at the same place, it was
proper that the building proposed to be erected,
should be one calculated to accommodate the Fed-
eral court at its sessions. If the Government does
not participate in the expense of the building, it
is but reasonable that for the use of it, after it is
built by the county, a charge for rent should be
made agains| the Government. The practice of
the Government is, to pay rent for the use of the
room under such circumstances. The rent would
soon swallow up the amount proposed to be appro-
prialed. At the rate of six per cent., five thou-
sand dollars would give three hundred dollars an-
nually. If that be a reasonable rent, in about
fifteen years the wholeamountof the appropriation
will have been exhausted m rent. But if you
unite in erecting the building under the amend-
ment which.I propose, the future use of it is se-
cured to the Federal dourt, not only for fifteen years,
but as long as it may be held at that place. The
appropriation would, therefore, be an economical
expenditure, and afford a convenience to the Gov-
ernment. A petition had been sent to Congress
from the inferior court of the county, through one
of the Judges of the Supreme Court, (Judge
Wayne,) which embodied all the facts. When
the court-house shall have been erected by the
county, it will be too late to make this reasonable
arrangement, to join in the expense and use of the
building. • •
Mr. SWEETSER a3ked if the amendment was
in order?
The CHAIR (Mr. Stbojig) decided that it was
not in order, as there was no appropriation by law
for the erection of this court-house.
Mr. H1LL1ARD asked if it might not be con-
sidered as belonging to the contingencies of the
Treasury Department? „
Mr. HARALSON appealed from the decision
of the Chair; and iho question being put, " Shall -
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?" it was carried in the affirmative.
The Clerk read the following item:
" For the survey of the coast of the United States, inclu-
ding compensation to superintendent and assistants $180,-
OtO."
Mr. JONES moved that that clause be stricken
out.
Mr. HOLMES said, he could hardly suppose
that the gentleman from Tennessee was in earnest
in making that motion. He had noticed in one of
the newspapers this morning an account of a most
important discovery that had been made by the
coast survey on the northwest coast. It was well
known to every member of the House, he be-
lieved, that the entrance to the Columbia river was
very unsafe for vessels of a large tonnage, and that
many disasters had occurred to ships attempting .
to enter that river, and that there had ,been great
loss of property. The superintendent of the coast
survey had received a letter from one of the offi-
cers attached to that service, informing him that a
practicable and safe channel had been discovered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, inquired if
this discovery had been made by the coast survey?
Mr. HOLMES said he understood that it had
been made by the officers of the coast survey.
The importance of a discovery of this kind, he
added, to the commerce of the country was very
great; and the service rendered to the country by
the coast survey generally, was above all price.
He was very much surprised, indeed, that objec-
tion should be made to this appropriation "by a
gentleman frojn the South, while the North with-a
commendable liberality, were willing ^oextendthe
benefits derived from this service to all the south-
ern coast. The paltry sum proposed to be appro-
priated was not worthy to be-brought into com-
parison with the benefits arising from the services
performed by the coast survey. The gentleman,
'he thought, would not greatly commend himself
to the reflecting and sensible portion of the people
of this country, by proposing to do away with
that service.
The question being taken qn the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, upon a division, by
ayes 33, noes 90, it was rejected.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to strike out $180,000
and insert §150,000.
The appropriation, he said, that was made in
1844 for the coast survey, was $80,000; it had now
increased to $180,000.
The CHAIRMAN remarked, that in theopinion
of tWe Chair, the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio was not in. order; a motion to strike out
the whole section having been made and decided
in the negative.
Mr. SWEETSER asked for the reading of that
part of the fifty-third rule which is applicable to
this subject; and it was read as follows:
" Amotion to strike out beint lost, shail-pieelude neither
amendment nor a motion lo strike out and insert."
The CHAIR then ruled the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. SWEETSIJjl said he was merely about to
state that the estimates for the expenses of the
coastsurvey in 1844, were §80,000, and it appeared
they were increasing with Singular rapidity. He
confessed that he was opposed to the whole sys-
tem. The same service, he thought, could very
well be performed by the officers of the navy'of
the United States, without the aid of this addi-
tional corps. If the -appropriations went on in-
creasing in the same ratio, he asked gentlemen to
reflect, and say what they would probably be in
twenty years from this time. He was opposed to
making this large appropriation for this purpose,
especially at a time like this, when there was a
necessity for economizing the funds of this Gov-
ernment. He did not assent to the proposition
which was suggested to him by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. McL«b,] that .there is eu
