-fgF.
mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Aug. 22,i
increase in the wants of the commerce of the
country, commensurate with this increase of ap-
propriation. He hoped that if his motion did not
prevail, some other motion would, by which the
amount of the appropriation would be reduced.
It was high time that public attention was called
to this subject, in order that it might beascertained-
,whether the wants of the commerce of the coun-
try were such as to authorise this large expendi-
ture.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he sup-
posed he would have the privilege of replying to
the gentleman from Ohio, in opposition to his mo-
tion to reduce the appropriation, for the coast
survey.
The CHAIRMAN assented.
Mr. STANTON said that the idea thrown out
by the gentleman from Ohio that this Government
was embarrassed, or in want of money, was alto-
gether a new idea to him. He was certainly not
awar%of that fact. But even admitting that the
Government was embarrassed, there was no pur-
pose to which money could be more usefully ap-
plied than for the survey of the coast of the United
States. In what estimation must a^Government
like this be held if it had not the ability to survey
the coast, of that part of this continent at least
which was in the possession of the people of the
United States? He was very sorry to perceive
that there was opposition to this appropriation,
and particularly sorry that it came from a Rep-
resentative of his own State. Ever since he had
been in Coflgress he had observed that opposition
was made invariably, at every session, to appropri-
ations for the Observatory, for the Coast Survey,
and for everything of a similar character; and that
opposition usually proceeded from the same quar-
ter. - IJe had no hesitation in saying—and he said
it with a full sense of the responsibility which
the assertion carried with it—that there was noth-
ing more important, there was nothing that was
more conducive to the highest interests of this
. Government, than this very thing. He would be
sorry to see the appropriation reduced to the ex-
tent of a single dollar.
■The genileman from Ohio had referred to the
fact that this appropriation, within a few years,
had been greatly increased. If gentlemen would
refer to thS'amount of Service rendered during the
early period of th£ progress of the coast survey,
when the aspropriation was but $80,000 or per-
haps less, and to the extent of coast that had been
surveyed since the appropriation had been in-
creased, it would Be found that there was actual
economy in the increase of expenditure. There
was only the same number of controlling officers
as when the expenditure was but about $50,000,
and the accelerated progress of the work was
greater than the increase of the expenditure. The
, shoalf in the various harbors of the United States
were constantly shifting,' and it was proper that
the Government should knot? what these ehanges
were.
The question being taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, it was not agreed to.
Mr. THURSTON moved to amend the bil* by
inserting the tollowmg-, viz:
" For theruntirumlinn of the survey of the west coast of
the Umttjd ritales, hy tile Superintendent of tile Coast Sur-
vey, (jr2o,000."
Mr. THURSTON said: Mr. Chairman, I do
not know but I have offered this amendment in an
inauspicious moment. After the great number of
amendments1 which have just been offered tp this
bill, in the shape of original amendments and sub-
amendments, and voted down, I have some little
misgivings lest mine may go the same way. How-
ever, I have- offered it, and 1 shall rely for its suc-
cess on its own merits.
I hold m my hands, sir. a copy of a letter of the
honorable Robert J. Waifter, late Secretary of the
Treasury under Mr. Polk, bearing date October'
25, 1848, toS. Pleasanton, Esq., Fifth Auditor of
the Treasury, in which he says.:
Sm: In reply to your letler of the S3il instant, I have to
inform you Ihat examinations and reports hy the Superin-
tendent ot the Coast Survey therein suggested, have been
dneeted to be made.
The department approves the suggestion that the Col-
li'c or of Astoria be appointed Superintendent of Light* and
, Buoys within bis collection district, and that he be charged
with the erection of the two light-houses and providing the
buf>y*, authorized by section 27, of the act of last session
to establish the territorial government of Oregon; hut is of
opinion that under the 1st section of the act making apnro-
priatkwfs for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernmeiit^for the y#ar ending June SO, 1846, the correspond-
ence on these subjects should be addressed, and the ac-
counts rendered in the usual way. The depaitmentfurther
approves your suggestion of the examination, by parties of
the Coast Survey, of the sites designated in the above 27th
section, an&has directed the Superintendent to execute the
same, and to locate the buoys which may be deemed
i^ces&ary, after the examination is made. It will be proper
and is directed that $5,000 of the appropriation authorized
by section 27th of the above act, be placed to the credit-of
the General Disbursing Agent of the Coast Survey, to meet
the necessary advances in the required examination; and
the remainder to the credit of the Collector of Astoria, to
be expended-en advisement with the Coasr Survey assist-
ants charged with the exannffation of the western coast,
should the erection of the light-houses and placing of buoys,
on either, be deemed desirable by said Collector.
Accordingly, sir, a land and hydrographic party
was dispatched to that coast, for the purpose of
making reconnoissance of the coast, selecting and
surveying sues for light-houses, and performing
such other work as the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey from time to time might direct.
When those parties were dispatched to that coast,
for the purposes I have indicated, it was not sup-
posed that the expense of prosecuting the work
would be much higher, if any, than similar work
cost on this side. Tunes, however, on that coast
have changed, and with them the difficulties and
expense ol prosecuting the work for which these
parties were sent. •
But, Mr. Chairman, I will add, as a reason why
this amendment should prevail, that this appro-
priation which my amendment proposes, meets at
once the approbation of Professor Bache, Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, of ihe Secretary of
the Treasury, and I am authorized to say, that of
the Committee on Commerce.
By the last mail, Professor Bache received a re-
port and communication from Lieutenant Com-
manding McArthur,assistant of the coast survey,
and who has charge of the hydrographic party
now on the west coast, asking for additional means
to be placed at his command, and to be permitted
to pay-the wages of the country to such men as
he,might w,ish to employ. After a full examination
of the facts communicated to him by Lieutenant
McArthur, Professor Bache deliberately came to
the conclusion, that the prosecution of the,survey
of that coast would either have to be abandoned,
or an additional appropriation obtained from Con-
gress to carry it on. The result was, that he came
lo see me upon the subject, and I gave it to him,
'as my deliberate opinion, that he would have to
authorize Lieutenant Commanding McArthur to
pay the wages of the country, as he had asked to
be permitted to do, or the work would have to be
abandoned. I also informed him that the sites for
two light-houses, north of the Colurtfbia river, one
on New Dungenees, and one off Cape Flattery,
should also be surveyed. Accordingly, Professor
Bache sent instructions to Lieutenant McArthur
to pay the wages of the country, to survey the
sites named, and to prosecute his work, informing
him that an appropriation would be asked for, and
undoubtedly granted, in furtherance of this ob-
ject, he addressed the following letter to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury:
Coast Survey Station, August 9,1850.
Sir: The importance of an early survey of the western
coast of the United Stales, and of information m regard to
the sites of hght-hou&es, beacons, buoys, and other aids to
navigation, indue* d youi predecessors to authorize and di-
rect thai some land and hydrogrnphical parties ol the Coast
Survey should be sent there. The difficulties which these
parties have had to contund'with, and are now contending
with, from the high puces of labor and of all the necessa-
ries of iile, and irom circum>tances growing out of these,
are very great. The hydrogiaphic party, umi< r the charge
of Lieutenant Commanding McArthur, United States Aavy,
Assistant in the Coast Survey, was directed to proceed to
Oregon to examine the entrance to Columbia river, and to
place the buo>s and to examine the sites for light-houses re-
quired by the twenty-seventh section of the act establishing
the Territorial government of Oregon. The attempt by part of
tire crew of Lieutenant commanding McArthur's ves&el to
take the life of the officer m command ot one of the boats in
tlte harbor of San Francisco, in order toecover their desertion,
and the measures in consequence, have been heretotore re-
ported to the department. In order to fill up his crew, Lieut.
McArthur proceeded to the Sandwich Islands, and thence
returned to the entrance to Columbia river. Here he has
found the temptation to desert nearly as strong as on the
coast of California. Two ofheers who were sent on shore to
put up a surveying signal on Cape Disappointment, and being
overtaken by a stoini it was impracticable to return that day
to the vessel. During the night the entire boat's crew de-
bited, carrying the boat with them. Lieutenant Command-
ing McArthur expresses the opinion that it will be impossi-
ble to go on with this important work, unless provided with
more ample means, an'd allowed to pay the men such wages
os will secure their remaining by the work. In regard to
important developments in this h;£rhor,„Lieutenant Com-
manding McArthur gives interesung particulars, going
to show that this-work should hy no means he abandoned;
that additional e^orts should be made to give it efficiency. „
A new channel has been discovered by the first Oregon "
pilot,-and the changes which have occurred since the mo.-t -
recent charts were rfiade are such as to render them useless,
f have already recommended to the departments authorize
the payment of the wages of the country, at the discretion
of the officers of the survey and superintendent. It is bad
economy to appropriate any means which do not bring back
a result, and on the contrary, the importapce of the survey • "•
of the western coast, at least of its reconnoissance, at the ,
present time, is great and is daily increasing. I would urge
rmst earnestly that application be made to Congress for
means to give efficiency to the operations of the parties
there. From the best estimates which fam enabled to form, . *
an additional sum of at least twenty-five thousand dollars/
will be required for this purpose. I would, therefore, re-
spectfully request that the honorable SecietaryoftheTreas- -
ury will apply to the Committee ot Ways and Means for the
insertion, under the miscellaneous head, in the civil and
diplomatic hill of the present year, of a special item—for
continuing the survey of the western' coast of the United
Slates, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Very rcspcctlully yours,
A. I). BACHT3,
Superintendent U. S. Coast Survey.
Hon. Thomas Corwin, Secretary of the Treasury.
After tydue examination of the whole matter,
the Secretary of the Treasury became satisfied that ~ "
an appropriation was absolutely indispensable, and
therefore addressed a letter to tire Committee o&
Ways and Means, asking, I believe, an appropri-
ation of forty thousand dollars. For some reason,
which I presume the honorable chairman will ex*
plain when I have done, thecommitt.ee refused to
recommend the appropriation. - „
Now, Mr. Chairman, let it not be supposed this -
is an appropriation for Oregon or for California.
It is an appropriation for the whole country; Ore-
gon and California, to be sure, are interested in it,
and so is the commerceof the world, and particularly  
that of the United States. The sum is notextrav- -
agant—it is small; and when it is recollected that
California and Oregon have an extent of fourteen •
or fifteen hundred miles of sea coast, without reck-
oning her waters inland, such as the bay and har-
bors of San Francisco, and th"& waters in and about
Puget's Sound; and when it is also recollected that
there is not a single light-house on the coast, or a
single site surveyed for one, and that the coast,
and its harbors, and its currents are but very im-
perfectly known, I certainly think, sir, this little
appropriation will not appear extravagant.
These parties, at the last advices, had been
operating at the mouth of the Columbia river, and
were about to proceed north to examine the waters
and coasts of Puget's Sound. I have read with
great pleasure this morning an authentic report of
the observations and doings of these parties at the
mouth of -the Columbia river. The far-famed
dangers of that river, existing only in imagination
and name, are now exploded, and flee away before
the researches and inroads of science and enter-'
prise. To the enterprising Captain Charles White,
late of New York, is to be rendered the high
eulogium in the commercial history of the country,
t>f placing the commerce of that beautiful and mag-
nificent river upon a firm basis ; and to those
parties, now prosecuting the survey will, i doubt
not, if you will place the means in their hands, be
rendered the prefcse of faithfully surveying that
whole coast, and constructing a chart, and laying'
down a commercial highway, aloog which the
fleets and commerce of the world can pass with
safety.
In conclusion, sir, 1 wish to say, that you are
informed by Lieutenant McArthur, now in charge
of the work on that coast, that the work must be
abandoned, unless further means are placed at
his command. You are informed by Professor
Bache, who has charge of all these matters," and"
who has given the matter his serious attention
that unless this appropriation is granted, he must
withdraw the parties, and what has been done he
abandoned and lost; and you are informed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, upon his responsibility
as the guardian of the Treasury, that this appro- 1
pnation is absolutely indispensable, arid lhat the
public work and public interest must suffer, irre-
trievably suffer, without it. 1, too, sir, will inform
you, and this committee, that that coast needs thia
work, that the people there ask it at your hands,
that the commerce of the nation demands it, and
that the justice of the nation will approve it.
Having said what 1 have, sir, ( will submit my
amendment into the keeping of the committee, to
whom I have heretofore submitted all my requests,
and by whom 1 have been most generously treated.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who-was *
very indistinctly heard by the reporter, was under- *
