THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 26, 1850.
New Series No. J 03.
The PRESIDENT. He is expressly so re-
quested in the resolutions.
Mr. BALDWIN. If the Senator had heard the
resolutions read, he would have seen that the
Senators from that State are particularly requested
to submit them to the Senate.
The motion to lay on the table and print was
agreed to.
GUTTA PERCHA.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been requested by sev-
eral of the mei chants and manufacturers of New-
York and Boston, connected with and engaged in
the manufacture of gutta percha matter, to present
a memorial. They represent that, at the time of
the passage of the tariff law of 1846, the article
was not then in use. The article of India rubber
is valued among that class of articles which pay a
duty of ten per cent, while this article, which has
subsequently come into use, is placed among the
non-enumerated articles, and pays a duty of twenty
per cent. The memorialists ask that it shall be so
classified as to pay a like duty with India rubber,
and other articles of the same character.
The petition was referred to the Finance Com-
mittee.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to submit a
resolution to amend the rules of the Senate, and
by the adoption of which I think a great deal of
time may be saved. It proposes that a motion
may be made to lay an amendment to any^prop-
osmon, bill, or resolution, upon the table, and if it
prevails, that it shall not carry the original bill or
resolution with it. If it can be considered now, I
will make that motion.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be considered
now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I ask that it be
laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved^ As an amendment to the niles, that a motion
may be made to lav any proposition to amend a bill or res-
olution upon the table, and if it prevail, tiie proposed amend-
ment shall he hud on the table, but the bill or resolution
folia!! not go with it.
DAY FOR FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the Senate now take
up the resolution I introduced some time ago, pro-
posing to fix a day for the adjournment of Con-
gress. Even if it cannot be definitely disposed of
to-day, it is betfer to take it up, in order to elicit
as far as possible the opinion of the Senate, with a
view that we may shape the business of the Sen-
ate accordingly.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will not press
the faking up of this resolution now, inasmuch
as there is a special order for half past eleven
o'clock, which has been passed over for several
days.
Mr. YULEE. Very well, it is not material to
press the resolution this morning, and I will take
another opportunity of doing so.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of Rob-
ert Armstrong, asking to be allowed a pension,
submitted a report in writing, which was ordered
to be printed, accompanied by a bill for his relief,
which was read and ordered to a sccond reading.
Also, from the same committee to which was
referred the petition of Charlotte Lynch, only sur-
viving child of Lieutenant Colonel Ebenezer Gray,
a revolutionary officer, submitted a report in wri-
ting, which was ordered to be printed, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief, which was read and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the I
Judiciary, to which was referred the memorial of j
the bar of Massachusetts, asking an increase of [
the salary of the District Judge of the United
States in that State, reported a bill to regulate the
compensation of the District Judge of the United
States of Massachusetts; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
103
diciary, to which were referred the several memo-
rials from the bar and citizens of the District of
Columbia in relation to the better organization of
the courts in the District of Columbia, and the bill
to reorganize the courts in the District of Colum-
bia, reported back the bill with a recommendation
that it do not pass, accompanied by a report which
was ordered to be printed with accompanying
papers; and at the same time reported the follow-
ing joint resolution, which was read and passed to
a second reading:
{( Be it nincf.c] by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the ZTvited Stiifps oj Jimenca in Congress assembled, That
the President ot the (Jmted States be, and he is hereby
authonzpd to appoint Ihiee commissioner*, person^ learned
in the law, arid resident in the District of Columbia, who
shall prepare and report to him, for transmission to Concress
at its next session, or as soon thereafter as may be practica-
ble, rt complete system of laws for the government of the
said District, and the administration of justice theiem; that
the said commissioners shall be compensated at the rate of
eight dollars per diem while they shall be employed in the
said work, and shall he authorized to appoint a clerk, who
shall be paid at the rate of five dollars pet diem while so
emploved, which compensation s-hall be paid hy the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, out of any money* in the Treasury,
not otherwit-e appiopriated: Provided, That the said com-
missioners shall clo*e their labors and make their report to
the President of the United States within six months after
their first meeting."
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to lay before the
Senate, if not in his jndjrment incompatible with the public
interest, a copy of a dispatch to the Secretary of Slate, dated
January 8, 1850, from Mr Tod, Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of Rtazil, and of the
letterof Mr. Parks, late Consul at Rio Janeiro, accompany-
ing the same.
INDIAN INTERCOURSE.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the special order, being; the bill " to extend the
benefit of the 17th section of the act to regulate
intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to preserve
peace on the frontiers, approved the 3d of June,
1834, to the people of the State of Texas, and
others."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to strike out
that part of the bill which relates to Alabama and
Florida—the portion which is retrospective in its
action. I will read so much of the act of 1834 as
will show that these States, or portions of them,
were inhabited by Indians, and were therefore por-
tions of the Indian territory at the time:
" That all that part of the United States west of the Mis- .
si«sippi and nor within the Stares of Mississippi and Lom- \
piana, or the Territory of Arkansas, and also that pa: t of the !
United States east of the Mississippi rivei,and not within I
any Stat*1 to which the Todum title has not been extin- j
swished for the purposes of this act, be taken and deemed !
to be the Indian territoiy.5> !
Now, this expressly embraces all that part of j
the country east of the Mississippi river which
belonged to the United States at the passage of this
act of IS34, and it does seem to me, therefore, that
there is no necessity for that part of the provisions
of this bill, unless it be to give it a retrospective
operation for some ten or fifteen years, to which I
am utterly opposed. These claims have been here-
tofore presented to committees of Congress for set-
tlement, and I believe many of them have been
already settled and are outof the way, and I think
it would be better to let the remaining claims be
settled in the same manner, rather than to give a
retrospective operation to this bill, and thereby
throw upon the departments all these unsettled
claims. Some of them have been rcjcctcd,and we
know not what may happen if they get before the i!
departments. At all events, here is the law making ''
it Indian country, and if the department has not !
hitherto so regarded it, I cannot see upon what j
possible ground it has decided to the contrary, in
view of the law of 1834. I hope, therefore, that
my morion will prevail.
'Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Kentucky
misunderstands this case entirely. The Indian
title to lands in Alabama had been extinguished,
and the Government were bound by treaty to re-
move the Indians. They failed to remove them,
and it is one of the causes of complaint that they
committed these depredations after the title had
been extinguished, and on account of the failure
of the Government to comply with the obligation
to remove them. There was no Indian title in
Alabama at the time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then, if the Indian title
was extinguished, it falls within the provision of
the act of 1834 That act provided for the depre-
dations committed within the States of this Union.
It provides for two classes of cases; where the
depredations shall be committed within the States
upon the territory to which the Indian title has
been extinguished, and likewise upon territory
which then belonged to the Indians. In either as-
pect, according to my construction of the act of
1834, it seems to me that the case will be provi-
ded for. If I am wrong, I shall be happy to be
corrected.
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not think that the ob-
jection taken by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky is, in any aspect, a good one. He says the
people of Florida and Alabama have been and are
now entitled to the benefit of this seventeenth sec-
tion of the intercourse law, and he does not know
upon what ground the department has decided to
the contrary. I am of his opinion; I believe these
claimants would he entitled to the benefits of the
intercourse law of 1834. But the department has
decided, as I am informed, to the contrary. Now,
these sections of the bill which the Senator pro-
poses to strike out do nothing more than to make
this clear and explicit, where otherwise there
might be doubt This law does nothing more
than the act of 1834, according to the construc-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky. Then, I ask
I him, what harm can be done if we recnact a law
now in existence ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 have not seen these
decisions of the department which have been al-
luded to, but I do not see how it is possible for
human language to be plainer than the language
of this act now is. I have read to you the sections
which make all that country Indian country with-
in the meaning of the act. Nothing can be plainer
than that. I will now read the section which de-
fines what depredations shall be paid for; and I
appeal to the Senate, when it is read, whether it is
possible to make anything plainer?
" That if anv Indian or Indians, belonging to any tribe n
amify with <hc United Slater, shall, within the Indian coun-
try, lake or destroy the property of any person lawfully
within such counliy,^ &c.
There the case is provided for u within the In-
dian country." Where the person is within that
country, and has his property taken and destioyed,
the tribe destroying it, if in peace and amity with
the United Stales, s*hall pay for it. Now, unless
my friend from Missouri has actually seen the de-
cision of the department, and unless he can show
some reason for believing that such a decision has
been made, I must be a little incredulous. I can
scarcely think the department could refuse to ap-
ply provisions so palpable and plain as these.
But it may be so, I have not seen it. "But, sir,
this bill does a great deal more in reference to these
past claims. It provides that the money is to be
paid by the Treasury within twelve months after
the Indian agent shall have investigated the mat-
ter, provided that, in the mean time, the Indian
tribes do not make the compensation. Now, that
is an enlargement of the act of 1834, and a de-
parture from it, and you have here a new principle
introduced. Allow me to read what the act of
1834 says on that subject. After providing that
an investigation of the depredations committed by
the Indians shall be made by the Indian agent, it
goes on to state:
" And in the mean time, in respect to the property so
taken, stolen, or destro>ed, the United States guaranty to
the party so injured an eventual indemnification."
That is the expression in the act of 1834. The
guarantee is an eventual indemnification, and by
this act of 1834 time is reserved for the United
States to exhaust all its efforts to obtain satisfac-
tion from the Indian tribes before that compensa-
tion is to be made. There is a discretionary time
allowed; but this bill of my friend from Missouri
steps in and changes all that, and actually provides
that the money shall be paid within twelve months,
according to my recollection of it.
Now, it seems to me, that if he wishes to apply
