1850.
Tffi'
3SIOWA:I/: globe.
lVIr. DAVIS presented a memorial of citizens
of Franklin county, in the State of Massachusetts,
asking the adoption of measures for the adjust-
ment of international difficulties by arbitration;
which was referred to the Cbmmittee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of offi-
cers of volunteers who served in thelate war with
Mexico, asking to be allowed additional bounty
lands; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON submitted additional docu-
ments relating to thecaseofChas. C. Mullin; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a me-
morial of citizens residing in the valley of the
northwestern lakes, asking the adoption of means
for acquiring a free right to the navigation of the
St. Lawrence river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of the citizens of Dane county,
Wisconsin, asking a reduction of the rates of post-
age; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post^Office and Post Roads.
Mt, HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Brooks county, in the State of Maine, asking a
reduction of postage. Also, a petition of citizens
of China, in the State of Maine, to the same effect;
which petitions were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of the
sachem, counsellors, and he6d men of the Stock-
bruise tribe of Indiana, asking that all future pay-
ments of annuities, or other moneys hereafter to
be made to those Indians, under treaty stipula-
tions, may be made to the sachem ^nU counsellors
of the nation, and not per capita.
Mr. WALKER and Mr. DICKINSON briefly
explained, and advocated the cause of these Indi-
ans; and then the memorial was referred to the
Committee on fndian Affairs.
• Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial of John E.
Macdonald and James C. W. Macdonald, asking
indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800;
which was referred to the select committee on the
subject.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of the State of Iowa, asking a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Bur-
lington to Council Bluffs, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same State, ask-
ing the establishment of a mail-route from the seat
of justice in Boone county, to Wintesset; and a
mail-route from Knoxville to Wintesset, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same State,
asking a grant of land to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Davenport to Council Bluffs;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a memorial of citizens of the States of
Iowa and Illinois, asking an appropriation for the
removal of obstructions to the navigation of the
Upper Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizcns of
Ripley, Ohio, remonstrating against the renewal of
Wood worth's patent planing machine; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition of members
of the Legislature of New Jersey, in fa%or of a re-
duction of the rates of postage.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition of John
Boynton and John W. Boynton, remonstrating
against the renewal of Wood worth's patent planing
machine.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the several me-
morials of seamen who served in the Gulf and Pa-
cific squadrons during the Mexican war, in favor
of allowing them bounty lands, submitted a report
on the same, which was ordered to be printed,
accompanied by a bill granting a bounty in land
to the seamen oT the Gulf and Pacific R<}uadrons
equal to that already granted to soldiers and
marines who served in the Mexican war; which
wa3 read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to which was referred the memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking an appropriation
for the construction of a harbor on the Delaware,
at Reedy Island, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce; which
was concurred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred House bills for the relief of E. Pavenstedt
and Schu mazier, and for the relief of Ferguson and
Milhardo, reported back the same without amend*
ment, and recommended their passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
memorial of George G. Goss, late chaplain of the
Kentucky Infantry in Mexico, relative to a bury-
ing ground in that city for citizens of the United
States, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations; which
was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the !>ill to establish
a port of entry and delivery at Little Rock, Ar-
kansas,reported "A bill supplemental to the several
acts of Congress, providing for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," as a substitute; whieti was read and
passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolution of the Senate as to the ex-
pediency of providing by law for a salary for the
collector of customs of the district of Middleton,
Connecticut, made an adverse report on the same;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
piinted.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to regulate
the fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes, re-
ported back the same without amendment.
Mr. RUSK,from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was referred the petition
of Rufus Dvvinell, submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to provide for additional clerks in
the Post Office Department, and a bill providing
for the post office and mail service in California
and Oregon, reported back the same without
amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred a petiiion of cer-
tain citizens of New York, asking that the lasv
inflicting death for crime may be repealed, re-
ported, that legislation on the subject is inexpe-
dient.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Retained, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
widows and oiplmns of the officers, seamen, and marines,
who weie lo*t m the United States vessels the Gtampus
and the Sea Gull, similar belief to that which has at different
times been gi anted to the widows and orphans of the offi-
cers, seamen, and marines, of the Epervier, Hornet, Sylph,
and other vessels of the United State- navy which have been
lost at sea.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, ancl
" to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs, lie in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
military road from Dubuque, Iowa, via Forts Atkinson and
Snelhng, to Fort Gaines, m Minnesota Terntory.
BILL IINTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. JONES asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill to amend an act approved the 3d of
March, 1837, entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled an act for laying off the towns of Fort
Madison and Burlington, in the county of Des
Moines, and the towns of Believue, Dubuque,
and Mineral Point, in the county of Iowa, Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, and for other purposes."
approved 2d of July, 1836; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, in pursuance
of previous notice, I now ask leave to introduce a
bill, and in presenting it, I desire to offer a few
words explanatory of its provision^. it'is
short, I will read it, if Senators will give ms their"
attention.
A bill to provide the incipient' measures nccessaty for the1
construction ofa railroad from the Mississippi river toihe
Pacific ocean. , '
Sec. 1. Be U enacted by Ike Senate and House of Represent-,
atives oj the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That with a view to the ultimate construction of a
railroad from £ome suitable point on the Mississippi river
to some suitable coa&t on the Pacific ocean, within the ju-
risdiction of the United States, theie shall be detailed from
the corps of topogtaphical engineers a sufficient force,
whose duty it shall be to procced, a& soon as practicable, to
select, survey, locate, and mark, on the most proper and
eligible ground, a route not mort than .three bundled feet-
wide tor i-aid railroad, and to make and report to the Secre-**
taiy of War a map of such survey and location, together
with an approximate estimate of the cost oi constructing
such lailroad. *
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That as soon as prac-
ticable after said rou re Khali have been surveyed and located,
there shall be surveyed, as t'>e other lands of the United
States have been heretofore s rveyed, three townships
wide, on each side of said route, through the whole extent
of the public lands along such unite ; which lands, so to be
suiveyed, (except such shall be known to contain m nes
of the gross or prccious metals, or precious stone?, and ex-
cept two section1? to be reserved, as near as may be- io the
centre of each township, for village and school purposes,
and such other sites as may be necessary for forts, arsenals,
dock-yards, navy-yards, or other public purposes,) shall be
granted ana patented by the United Stales, free of cost, in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, to
each person who >hall &ettle upon, occupy, and cultivate
the same lor one year: Provided, That such occupant shall
be the head of a family, or, if single, of the age of twemy-
onc years or upward a citizen of the United Stales, or
having declared his or her intention to become such, accord-
ing to tiie naturalization laws of the United States, and.
moreover, shall not be the owner of other land in the United
Stales: Jind provided, further, That Mich grants shall be
made upon the express conditions subsequent (and which
conditions shall be set forth in each patent) that such
grantee shall never alienage or convey the land so to him
or her granted, to any other person or corporation who *.h:i!l
own, or who?wonld thereby become the owner of, mote than
one hundied and bixty acres of land within ihe United
States, and if a nuirh'd man, without the consent of his
wifo; arid that the land so granted shall nevii be subjected
to foiced sale, levy, or execution for debt, by virtue of any
execution or other process from a court o law, or under
anv decree of a court of equity.
Sec. 3. And be Ufurtkci enacted, That the sum of
dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of cairying this act into execution.
It will be perceived that the first section provides
for an examination, survey, and location of a
route for the road, and for an estimate of the
probable cost of its construction. Since this sub-
ject was first agitated, I have ever thought this
was all Congress should do, in the first instance,
as regards the construction of the road itself; but
when this shall be done—when a practicable route
shall be discovered and located, and the cost shall
be ascertained to be such as the Government will
incur—there will be yet difficulties in the way
which will render the enterprise, upon any ordi-
nary plan, an anomaly in the enterprises of na-
tions. To stretch forth a railroad for a distance
of two thousand miles, through an unbroken wil-
derness, inhabited by savages only, with no sup-
plies distributed along the route, no resident ^uard
for the works as constructed, and no inhabitants
to create a way travel and ficight, as parts of the
road shall be finished, seems to be an undertaking,
if not chimerical, certainly novel, dangerous, and
doubtful of success. Scarcely anyone will doubt
that, if all supplies are to be furnished and trans-
ported from the settlements, a guard to be stationed
at the public expense, laborers to be procured,
and to reside, in the mean time, in the wilder-
ness, among savages, subject to all the dangers
and privations of such a life, the cost of construc-
tion will be double what it would be if the road
ran through an inhabited country.
The difficulties can only be overcome by settling
! the country along the route of the road. So far
as 1 am capable of judging, this settlement can only
be effected for the purposes of the object had in
view by the plan proposed by the second section
of the bill. That the country would be.settled
under these provisions almost as fast as the lands
could be surveyed, I have Ijttle or no doubt.
The inducements to settlement would be greater
than ever were before offered. The prospects of
home—of lasting, protected, permanent home,
without cost, on this great Appian way—would
attract the attention of the hardy enterprise and
adventure of this entire Republic.
Supposing the distance to be two thousand
miles, there would be opened to free settlement
280,000 quarter sections of land. Supposing them
to be occupied by families averaging four persons
