1850.
THE €ON6>ffc&$^M/-aL0&E.
541
Secretary of the Interior. The other printing is
to be done under the supervision of the Committee
on Printing. The Senator will recollect that it
may happen that the Senate may not adopt th.ese
tables, which I understand the census,board have
prepared, (referring to tables which the honorable
Senator held in his hand,) but may adopt other
tables, which have been prepared by the census
committee. The Senate may adopt the one or the
other. I ask the Senator, whether these tables
have been prepared by the census board or the
census committee?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. That I am
unable to answer. I do not know who laid the
tables on the desks o'f, Senators; I cannot answer
the question.
Mr. DAWSQN. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing will ask the chairman of the
committee on the census for a letter addressed to
him by the secretary of the census board, possi-
bly he may receive the information he desires.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I understand the
distinct question put to me is, whether these
tables, which the chairman of the Committee on
Printing holds in his hand,'are those adopted by
the census board. I have here the tables adopted
by the census board, which I gave to the Senate
on a former occasion. Whether these will com-
pare with them or not, I cannot answer.
Mr. BORLAND. A letter is handed to me by
a friend on my left, [Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,]
written by the secretary of the census board,
which will, I suppose, answer the question I have
put.
The Secretary read the letter alluded to, as
follows:
Office of Census Board,
Washington, March 15, J850.
Dear Sir: T have the honor to send you a copy of the
blanks prepared by the census board, for which allow me to
solicit your critical examination.
With unfeigned regard, I have the honor to he, sir, your
obedient servant, JOS. C. G. KENNEDY,
Secretary Census Board.
Col. Jefferson Davis, Senate U. S,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I beg permis-
sion to inquire whether these are the tables which
have been laid upon the desks of Senators this
morning?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I received a
bundle of these papers with the letter this morn-
ing.
Some discussion took place here in regard to
the policy of adopting the plan of tables of the
census committee, instead of the census board, in
which Messrs. BORLAND and DAVIS, of Mis-
sissippi, participated.
Mr. BORLAND. As I said before, it is not
my intention to press very earnestly the adoption
of my amendment. I proposed it with a view
of accomplishing pretty much what the Senator
from Massachusetts seems now disposed to ac-
complish, but which, at the time, I did not believe
was provided for in the census bill; and I confess
that I am not yet altogether satisfied that it is so
provided.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I propose to
amend the bill so that it shall be satisfactory. I
propose to add the following as a proviso to the
20th section:
«Provided, however, That nil the printing, except the
blank tables, shall be executed under the piovision of the
existing law. and the census board shdll have chaige of the
printing of the blanks."
Mr. BORLAND. Well, sir, 1 do not deem it
necessary to say more in support of the amend-
ment, but leave the Senate to vote upon it without
further remark from me.
While I am up, I would ask the chairman of the
census committee, if he and the committee aban-
don the tables which they themselves had pre-
pared, and take in their place those prepared by
the census board ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. No; I have
made no proposition on that subject, but I Bhall
have a proposition to make when that subject
comes up. The subject has been passed upon by
the committee, and when it comes properly before
the Senate, I shall be prepared to make a propo-
sition on it.
Mr. BORLAND. It will be observed that the
amendment, as the Senator read it just now, does
not include this kind of printing; it includes all
the printing but these preliminary tables.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, that is it.
Mr. DAVIS. It leaves these tables with the
census board.
Mr. BORLAND. But supposing the tables of
the census board are not adopted. The Senator
from Massachusetts tells us that the committee do
not propose to take these tables, but their own.
Then, the tables prepared by the census board
being thrown aside, afid those proposed by the
committee adopted, they will be printed under a
different rule from the rest of the printing, and not
under this contract.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. My reason for
keeping this printing: in the hands of the census
board is this—and 1 do not think any confusion
can arise in one alternative or the other—the cen-
sus board have purchased an amonnt of paper
adapted to these tables, which is not easy to be ob-
tained; and inasmuch as they have done this—in-
asmuch, as will be seen from their letter, by and by,
they have caused tables to be stereotyped—1
think it is advisable, whatever tables we may
adopt, that they should go and finish the business.
That is my view, and whatever tables may be
adopted, would not change the propriety of com-
mitting the subject into the hands of the census
board.
Mr. BORLAND. That explanation certainly
removes much of the difficulty; still it does not
avoid a very considerable expense to be incurred,
if the tables prepared by the census board should
not be adopted.
Some further discussion took place on this
"point, between Messrs. BORLAND, DAVIS of
Massachusetts, and UNDERWOOD, in regard to
the delay in executing the public printing, and in
regard to making provision for the printing of a
compendium of the next census; when the last-
named gentleman offered the following proviso to
the 20th section, viz:
"Provided, That contracts for materials and punting of said
copies shall be given to the lowest bidder, after due adver-
tisement, who shall execute bonds, with approved secunty,
for the periormanceof the work..1'
I prefer this amendment, because it would bring
the public printing into general competition, in-
stead of leaving it to be compensated at any rate
which Congress may hereafter apply to the Con-
gressional printing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he preferred this
amendment because it would bring the public
printing into general competition.
This proposition was discussed by Messrs.
SMITH, DAWSON, BORLAND, and BAD-
GER, when
Mr. SHIELDS inquired whether the amend-
mentof the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Borland]
did not provide for the entire printing, the prepa-
ratory as well as any other.
Mr. BORLAND. No; I have stricken out that
portion which refers to the preparatory printing,
as the Senator will find on an examination of the
amendment, so that it relates now only to the
printing of the census returns.
Mr. SEWARD. On hearing the amendment
read, I thoughtitwould requiresomeexpress words
of reservation in regard to the preparatory print-
ing.
Mr. BORLAND. I think the Senator will find,
on hearing me read the amendment as it is now
modified, that it proposes to print only the returns.
I will read it before I make the remarks I propose
to oifer:
Provided, That all the classifications, arrangements, com-
pendiums, ab^ tract.*, and other statements, in anv foim,of the
returns of the census, provided foi in this act, punt* d by or
under the duection and &upeivtsion of the Secretaiy of the
Interior"—
" Under the direction and supervision"—I beg
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] to
bear in mind—not of the printing committee, but
" of the Secretary of the Interior"—
"Shall be printed by the printers for the two houses of
Congress, under the same lules and on the same terms'''—•
I beg, also, to call the attention of the Senator to
this point:
"Under thesnme rules, and on the same terms, upon
which other printing 'or Congret- is now done, or may be
done, by any aet or joint resolution which may be in force
at the time when said printing ?-halI have to be done.''
TheSenator objected, as I understood him, that
there was no person provided by this amendment,
! under whose direction and supervision this work
j should be done. With great deference, and the
! very highest respect for that Senator's discrimina-
l tion, I must be permitted to say, that I think the
amendment, as I propose it, doe§ provide for such
supervision and direction, i not only use the word
"'direction," but " supervision;'' and if I under-
stand the meaning of those words, it is, that the*
individual to whom this duly is assigned, shall
have the control of it as to the manner of its being,
executed. So much for the supervision of the
work. The amendment also declares, that the
work shall be executed by the " printers for the
two houses of Congress."
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) There are three
of them.
Mr. BORLAND. Well, it makes very little
difference whether there is one or a dozen of them.
The work is to be done by the printers for Con*
gress. They are individuals, certainly; and so far
as the execution of the work is concerned, it seems
to me that a subdivision of the labor into a num-
ber of competent hands, would certainly secure
its execution as rapidly and properly as if all
should be put into one hand.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) But the amend-
ment does not provide any person to subdivide it.
Mr. BORLAND. I will show to the Senator,
if he will allow me time, that he mistakes. He
objects, then, that no persons are specified. 1 say
that the persons are indicated by the express words
of the arrundnient. I say the painters for the two
houses of Congress—not alluding to any particu-
lar individual now doing the printing; but it goes
further, and refers to those who shall be such
printers at the time the work shall have to be done;
so that there shall be no mistake—no ambiguity—
no confusion about it. Certainly there can be no
want of explicitness in the amendment in this par-
ticular, for it expressly provides that they shall do
the work.
Now, how shall they do the work ? They shall
do it " under the same rules, and on the same
1 terms, upon which other printing for Congress
* is now done, or may be done, by any act or joint
* resolution which may be in force at the time
4 said printing shall have to be done." We may
change the whole system, and this provides that
the census printing shall be done on such terms,
and under such rules, as we may think proper to
adopt in regard to the public printing, if we find
the present not proper. Now what do rules and
terms mean? The rules apply to the manner—
that is, the quantity and character of the woik—
und the terms apply to the rates of payment. Now
it is certainly very clear—it must be obvious to
every one—that the " rules and terms" upon which
work is to be done, must include the price which
is to be paid. Well, the price for printers' work
is never specified in the aggregate, but a certain
rule is agreed upon, which constitutes " term "—>
certain modes of computation—by which the char-
acter and extent of the work, and tne quality, is
ascertained by measure: this includes the u rules."
Mr. BADGER. We have one rate for printing
bills, another for reports, and another for docu-
ments. Now which is taken under the amend-
ment of the Senator?
Mr. BORLAND. I answer the Senator, under
the same rules and terms—t h$t is, the same modes
of computation, and the same rates of payment, for
a similar character of work.
Mr. BADGER. But we have not the same
character of work.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator is mistaken ;
and on that point I will read a part of the present
printing contract, which will show that it does
provide for certain printing, which includes this
, very character of work—not, it may be, in identi-
1 cal woids, yet expressing clearly the same thing,
and no other meaning can attach to it;
j Part C,of the fifth class.—Consisting of tabular state-
1 menus, ot the onieis, ol the day. lists of yens and nays, cir-
1 cular letters, and nil other printing of a miscellaneous char
i aciei, in the various size* ot royal octavo, quarto post, or
' lulio cap, or any other size not otherwise specified,—Senate
j Doc 6ti, p. l.>, '21 session Stitk Congress*
1 Now, sir, I think that covers the whole case.
! And if the Senator will take thf trouble to examine
ij the subject he will find that the rules and terms
j here provided, are directly applicable to the kind
| ' of printing now under consideration, and will con-
i; veniently and efficiently designate and provide for,
j! not only its quality and quantity, but the price to
); be paid for u, in terms so clear and explicit, that
there can be no mistake about it.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the Senator whether, if
thi« work is imposed on the present Congressional
