1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
citizens in other parts of the United States to be
barred in three years, and pot, for the special ben-
efit of a particular section of the country', you re-
vive all these claims for fourteen or fifteen years.
Now, is that right and proper? Certainly not.
Mr. CLEMENS. If the Senator will allow
me, I will put him right as to a matter of fact.
These claims were presented in 1836. General
Jackson recommended Congress to act upon them.
Congress appointed a board to examine and in-
vestigate them. That board reported upon them;
and the Committee of Claims in the House of
Representatives reported a bill in their favor.
Mr UNDERWOOD. I can give my friend
from Alabama the most direct answer imaginable.
He lias a particular lot or batch of claims in his
mind. He speaks of that lot or collection of
claims as having been presented, but I am speak-
ing of the operation of this section. This section
provides for all claims which may not have been
presented. And how many such claims may be
brought forward no one can tell. Now, if there
be a particulai class of cases that have heretofore
been presented and not finally disposed of, we
ought to turn attention to that, and make pro-
vision for that class. But here we are legislating
upon a geneial proposition, and that proposition
revives case  fourteen or fifteen years back to
these favored States, and leaves the limitation of
three years to apply to all the rest of the United
States.
Now, in regard to the decision of the depart-
ment, to which the gentlemen from Florida has
referred. Of course, I cannot speak in respectto
that. I should like very much to have an oppor-
tunity to look into it. It seems to me that these
States were either Indian country, or States or
Territories. The bill provides for both. The
gentleman says the Indian title was ^tinguished;
and that the commissioner, after its extinguish-
ment, would not regard it as Indian country. That
is right enough. But the very extinguishment,^
the Indian title mude it territory of the United
States, until a State government was formed.
Mr. YULEE. If the'Senator will observe, the
act requires that the Indians shall pass from In-
dun country to commit depredations m a State or
Territory. They decided that the location of the
Indians,"who committed those depredations, was
not Indian country. Therefore, the Indians did
not pass from Indian country. This was the pre-
cise point to which I wish to call the attention of
the Senator.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will read the law:
" Ii any Indian or Indians, lioIoniJino; to anv tribe m ami-
ty with the United States, mi,ill, witlnn tile Indian country,
take ot (iestro; pioperty, nr shall fioin the Indian eoun-
tty to any State or Territory inhabited l>y citizens of the
United States," &e.
If the construction of that is, that it is necessary
that the Indians should pass from the Indian coun-
try, it is a very rigid and strict construction, and
one that seems to me to be altogether unwarranted
by the law. But if in that respect gentlemen want
the law amended, or if they want the benefit of
the law of 1834 applied to Texas and all these
States, I will give it to them, with all my heart,
in every particular. But this bill proposes a great
deal more, and that which palpably conflicts with
the act of 1834, and places these States on a better
footing than the rest of the United States. I wish
to see alt fare alike.
Mr. RUSK. I do not rise to detain the Senate.
One objection which has been raised to this bill is,
that it will place these States on a different footing
from others under the act of 1834. The payment
of claims for Indian depredations committed m
Florida and Alabama has been refused under the
act of 1834, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
having decided that the act did not extend to those
States at the time the depredations were commit-
ted. It never has been extended to tne State of
Texas. Can it then be giving those States any
advantage over others? Clearly not. The next
objection is, that you require payment to be made
by the United States after they have guarantied it.
Now, if the United States guaranty the payment
they are liable to pay it, ana they ought to pay it
promptly. And is it a matter of considerable im-
portance that the United States should have to
pay it within a year after the passage of the bill,
when these claimants in Alabama and Florida
have been waiting for fifteen years ? I think there
is no reasonable objection to this bill, and I hope
wc shall have a vote on it at once, and pass it.
There has, to say the least, been talk enough upon
the subject; let us have a vote.
Mr. MASON. I feel reluctant to interfere with
this bill, but I feel constrained to move to postpone
the further consideration of it, that we may pro-
ceed to the special order.
Mr. RUSK. I hope not. 1 hope we shall get
a vote on this bill.
The motion to postpone was negatived.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understood the Senator
from Texas [Mr. Rusk] the other day to rest his
argument m favor of the passage of this bill, upon
the ground that it would prevent retaliation on the
Indians by the persons whose property was stolen
or destroyed by the Indians, and thereby the in-
terruption of friendly relations between the Indians
and border settlers.
Mr. RUSK, (in his seat.) That is what the
law was passed for.
Mr. BRADBURY. That is the ground upon
which the law rests. There may be a propriety
in the passage of a law of that kind, and in case
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
should prevail, that policy will be carried out. It
will be perceived that the law provides for the
payment by the United States for property that
has been destroyed or stolen by the Indians.
Section third, proposed to be stricken out by the
Senator from Kentucky, provides for something
more:
££ That the provisions of this act shall apply to the citi-
zens of Alabama and Florida, for injuries done to property
by the Indians subsequent to the first day of January, 18.%,
and to the peopl* of Texas rrom the date of'.the annexation
of said State to the United States."
This section is retrospective. It is not neces-
sary to carry out the policy of the law. and if
stricken out, it will leave the law fairly carrying
out the policy upon which it is advocated. It is
contended, however, that depredations have been
committed which should be paid for. Suppose
that is the case, does this provide a suitable mode
of investigating those cases' I think not. It is
loose in its terms. It provides no suitable mode
of taking testimony. It provides a tribunal for I
the investigation of those cases which might be |
objected to, and I think it will be infinitely better, j
if Florida has claims of fifteen years'standing, and
Texas five years' standing, that they should pre-
sent those claims to Congress, and that if Con-
gress should provide a board for the investigation
of those claims, they should be presented to that
board, and if Congress does not, that they should
be presented to Congress. 1 object to this mode
of disposing of a large class of claims without in-
vestigation or examination. I hope the amend-
ment"may prevail, and thus my objection to the
bill be removed.
Mr. YULEE. What the Senator from Maine
requires is precisely what has been done. The
parties have come to Congress with their several
claims, after having refrained from seeking the
expressly declaring that the provisions of the act
of 1834 do not apply to Florida, because they do
not extend to Florida. Here are the decisions;
they are before the Senate, and the Senator might
have seen them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Send one of them over
here.
Mr. YULEE. To save time I will read an ex-
tract from a letter from the department to one of
the claimants:
"Your los* and annoyance the Department deeply re-
grets, but as the act usually known as the intercourse law
does not fmbrace Florida, Congress is tile only power
winch can redress your gnevance and provide a proper
remedy."
Here is one of the decisions, and it is on that
that the committee have acted m recommending
the Senate to pass a remedial measure.
Mt. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the proposition
to strike outfasls, will it then be ill order to amend
the section ;
The PRESIDENT. It will be in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Under-
wood's amendment, and it was carried on a divis-
ion of ayes 18. noes 15.
Mr. YULEE. ! ask the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late now; the
Chair has announced the decision; but the ques-
tion will come up again when the bill is reported
to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to reinstate so much
of the section which has been stricken out as ap-
plies to Texas. I do not thinK the reasons that
have been applied to the citizens of Alabama,
Florida, and Georgia can appiy to Texas. It is
admitted on all hands that the intercourse law of
1834 did not apply to Texas, and that they have
not the benefit of it.
The PRESIDENT. After the bill is reported
to the Senate, the Senator can accomplish lus ob-
ject.
There being no further proposition to amend,
the bill was reported to the Senate.
The Senate concurred m the first two amend-
ments.
The PRESIDENT then stated the question to
be on concurring in Mr. Underwood's amend-
ment to strike out the third section of the bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 must ask for the yeas and
nays on concurring in that amendment. It seems
to me that if a just claim is to be treated in this
way, it is wholly unnecessary for any one to come
to Congress for a just claim. What are the facts
in relation to these claims? In 1836 the President
brought tins matter to the consideration of Con-
gress. Congress appointed a board to take testi-
mony; that testimony was taken. The Senator
from Maine objects that this bill provides no mode
of taking testimony. The testimony is already
taken, and in the department. It was taken by a
, board appointed by Congress, reported upon and
i acted upon in the House of Representatives, and
afterwards a bill was reported to this body by the
personal recovery of their losses, in compliance j' Qornm;Kee 0f Claims to allow this claim. And
with the policy of Congress. Under the impres-
sion that the law of 1834 applied to them, they ap-
plied to the department. Tne department decided
that the letter of the law does not apply to them.
They come then to Congress; they are here in
Congress; their cases have been referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and that committee,
instead of reporting on the several cases sepa-
rately, think it right and proper to recommend to
Congress the application of the act of 1834 to
those cases, which come within it. Cari anything
be more reasonable or more right ? The Senate
must place some confidence m the action of their
committees. The Committee on Indian Affairs,
now we aic told that we are not to get it, because
one part of this Senate chooses to construe the act
of 1834 differently from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and they say that we have got ail we
want under that act. Sir, I want no better bill
than one to extend to us the provisions of that
law. Pass a resolution saying that we shall have
the benefit of the act of 1834, and I ask no more.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman will
allow me to interrupt him, I will make a piopusi-
tion. I propose, it that will meet the views of
the gentleman, to offer an amendment in the place
of this third section, to embrace the cases which
have been already prepared by testimony, either
„fter the examination of these cases, satisfied that j, , referring there, to Congress or the department,
they come within the spirit of the act of 1834, sat- ;; |j. ^P(l!ieman will allow the bill to be passed
i^fied that the department has decided that the let- ;; , j will, with the concurrence of the gentleman
ter of the act of 1834 does not apply to them, re" !, fr0'm Florida, [Mr. Yolee,] prepare an amend-
port an act, winch they recommend to the Senate - •
as one prope.rly remedial in these cases. But the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] not
satisfied with the examination which the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs have made, and with the de-
cision to which they have come, says that he
wants to see the fact that the department has made
so remarkable and outrageous a decision. Now
heie is the fact. If the Senator had taken the
trouble to examine the papers befoie he sought to
amend the bill, he would have seen the fact in the
papers reported by the committee. Here are two
decisions of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
ment of that sort by to-morrow.
Mr. CLEMENS. I want nothing better.
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed till to-morrow.
PUBLICATION OF BOOKS.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to make an inquiry
respecting a resolution that passed yesterday in
the book" line—for the purchase of a book. I
was not iri my place, and 1 wish to know what
was dons with it >
The PRESIDENT. It is not on the table, but
in the Secretary's office being engiossed.
