1636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 23,
Mr. BENTON. And will come up, when ?
The PRESIDENT. To-morrow.
Mr. BENTON. When it does come up, I pro-
pose to fight the battle of the books upon that
resolution. [Laughter.]
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to provide for the more effectual execution of
the third clause of the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States.
The question pending was on the amendment
offered bv Mr. Pratt.
Mr. PRATT moved to amend his amendment
by adding thereto, as an additional section, the
following:
" And be it jurther encu.tedy That if, at any time after any
fugitives tiom service or labor shall he paid tor as herein-
before authorized and required, it shall be in the power of
the officers named in this act to npprehe. d such fugitives,
that it shall be the duty of said officers to apprehend them,
and as soon thereafter as may he to deliver them to their
owners or their representatives to whom such payment may
have been made; and upon such delivery, a shall be the
duty of the said officers to notify the district attorney, for
the time being, of the district in which the owner may re-
side, ol such delivery, whereupon the master fhall become
liable to the CJmted States lor the value of such fugitives
at the time of such delivery, to be recovered by the said
district attorney of the master by suit in the said circuit
court."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the question being taken, by yeas and
nays on the amendment as amended, they were
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Downs, Fonfe, Honston, Man-
gum, Ma&on, Pearce, Pratt, and Rusk—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Benton, Berrien,
Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton,
Greene, Hamlin, Jones, King, Phelps, Smiih, Sturgeon,
Turney, Underwood, Uphain, Wales, Whucomb, Wm-
throp, and Yulee—-28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause and inserting
a substitute therefor, which was read.
The PRESIDENT stated that the amendment
was not m order, but that it would be when the
bill was before the Senate.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
Mr. UNDERWOOD renewed his amendment,
upon which a long: debate ensued, in which
Messrs. UNDERWOOD, MASON, FOOTE,
DAVIS of Mississippi, and TURNEY partici-
pated,-and which will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Augml 23,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. S TANLY called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER said, this being private bill day,
the regular order of business would be the private
bills on the Speaker's table, and afterwards the
call of the committees for reports; but the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia was fiist in order.
Trie motion of Mr. Bayly was put and agreed
to.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
The state of the question was this:
Mr- THURSTON had moved to amend the bill
by inserting the following, viz:
" For the continuation of the survey of the wen co^st of
the United States by the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey, ^25,000."
Mr BAYLY had moved to amend by striking
out $25,000 and inserting $26,000. n
The questions being respectively taken—
The amendment to the amendment and the
amendment were rejected.
Mr. HUNTER said he believed it was in order
to move to strike out the appropriation for the sur-
vey for the coast of Florida.
The CHAIRMAN stated that that clause had
been passed, and that it was not in order to go
back.
Some conversation occurred upon a point of or-
der in which Messrs. HUNTER, STANLY, and
others, participated.
No objection being made—
Mr. HUNTER inquired of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, what was the
necessity for this appropriation for the survey of
the coast of Florida? Was it a separate survey
from the general coast survey ?
Mr. BAYLY replied that there was a separate
detachment of the surveying corps employed there,
and said that by mistake the appropriation had
been printed $24,000, whereas it should have been
$30,000, and it had so been altered.
Mr. HUNTER said, the gentleman seemed to
misunderstand his inquiry, and again asked
whether this was a separate survey from the gen-
eral survey?
Mr. BAYLY replied, No; it was not.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 ask why a separate
item is inserted for it?
Mr. BAYLY. It was inserted for the sake of
simplicity, and a ready undertaking of the matter.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and stated that
this conversation was not in order.
Mr. THURSTON moved an amendment as fol-
lows, viz:
"For the continuation of the survey'of the west coast of
the United States, by the Supeiintendent of the Coast
Survey, §24,500."
In explanation and support of the amendment,
he said that its object was to continue the coast
survey now in prosecution upon the Pacific coast.
He wished to state, in reply to inquiries which
had been made on yesterday, that an estimate was
made of the amount supposed to be necessary to
prosecute the survey on that coast; that the esti-
mate was made ten months ago, and based upon a
state of facts which the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey supposed to be m existence at that time,
viz: that the work could be prosecuted upon that
coast at like expense to those which attended the
surveys on the eastern coast. Now, he wished
the committee to understand, that-nearly all the
crews of the vessels attached to this .surveying
party had deserted, and taken some of the boats
belonging to the vessels. Lieutenant McArthur
had informed the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey that the work could not be prosecuted un-
less he was authorized to pay the wages of the
country. While, under the old state of things,
upon which the estimate was made, hands could
be procured at §10 or $12 per month, under the
new state of things they could not be obtained for
less than §100 or $150 per month. For every-
thing else which was purchased, it was necessary
to pay corresponding prices. Only $14,000 had
been estimated for the survey of our western
coast—a coast nearly or quite 1,500 miles. In
consequence of these high prices, it was supposed
that perhaps every dollar of this $14,000 was ex-
hausted, and that the party were out there now
without a single dollar either to pay a hand or buy
a morsel of food. The alternative, therefore, was
presented to the committee, whether they would
give this additional appropriation, or whether they
would cause the superintendent of the survey to
recall this party, leaving the coast entirely nn-
surveyed, without a single light-house, without a
single buoy, without anything which was neces-
sary to place the navigation of that coast on the
proper basis.
Now, he must believe that the committee, when
the CjUestion was just now taken, did not under-
stand the nature of the amendment; foi he was
satisfied, from the indications given yesterday,
that there was avast majority of the committee in
favor of making an additional appropriation for
the prosecution of this work. He earnestly hoped
that before the question was again taken, the com-
mittee would take into serious consideration the
question whether the work was to be entirely
abandoned, and the benefit of all that had been
done lost and thrown away, for the want of a few
additional thousands of dollars to complete it.
Mr. TOOMBS said, the gentleman from Oregon
was wholly mistaken. The reasons which he had
given in support of an additional appiopriation
were conclusive reasons why this appropriation
should not be made. As to the different state of
things in Oregon and California now, from that
which existed ten months ago, the gentleman and
the committee well knew that this extraordinary
state of things had not arisen within ten months.
Mr. THURSTON (interposing) wished to say,
as he had said before, that the crews of the vessels
connected with this survey, who were engaged at
$10 or $12 per month, had deserted, and m order
to prosecute the work, from $ 100 to $150 must
now be paid for hands.
Mr. TOOMBS said the gentleman had got upon
the second point. He was replying to the first
point of the gentleman's remarks. The gentleman
had said that ten months ago, when the estimate
was made, a different state of things existed in
California and Oregon. He (Mr. T.) denied that
this was the case, and said the committee and the
country well knew that at that time the same wild
excitement, the same inflation of prices, the same
extraordinary state of things existed then as ex-
isted at the present time.
But the gentleman said that the crews run away
and carried off their boats This only showed
that we could not carry on the work at this time.
If we hired new men at higher rates, and took
them out there, it would only be carrying out
passengers who would run away when they got
there. This appropriation of $14,000 was enough;
and as for an increase being recommended by the
officeis connected with the survey, there was
scarcely an officer of any of the bureaus who
would not recommend increased appropriations,
if Congress would grant them. It was the proper
work of the officers of the navy to make these
reconnoissances; they were the only persons who
could do it at this time. Let the lieutenants and
midshipmen who had nothing to do—who were
stationed at our depot of charts, and at various
points throughout the country—be employed to
prosecute this work. He was opposed to making
this additional appropriation of $25,000 to carry
new men around there—to run away again, and
take off new boats, &c., with them.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Thurston was rejected.
The following item being under consideration :
"To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for 103 copies- of the eighth volume of the American
Archives, to hp delivered to members of iht-1 Twenty-Mxth
Congress at $16 83 cents per volume, §1,716 66."
| Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved an amend-
ment to strike out this item.
He made this motion, he said, for the purpose of
inquiring if anybody knew of any reason why this
Congress was called upon to pay for books to he
delivered to members of the Twenty-sixth Con-
gress? That Congress expired in 1841, about ten
years since. Few, if any, of its members would get
these books. The remainder would be deposited
in the folding-room, and somebody else would get
them and sell them.
Mr. BAYLY was very much in hope that the
committee would be enabled to satisfy itself that
it ought to strike out this item. If it could he
done, no one would be more gratified than himself.
But as he understood the facts they were these:
That these books were ordered by a law of the
Twenty-sixth Congress to be compiled and pub-
lished, and that law provided that the members of
that Congress were to have a complete set when
they were finished, if that was not within forty
years. These he understood to be the facts. If
there was any way of getting rid of the appropria-(
tion he should like it.
M-r. BROWN, of Mississipi. After the expla-
nation of the gentleman, I insist upon striking out
the item.
Mr. BAYLY suggested to the gentleman from
Mississippi, that it would be better to repeal the
law providing for the distribution of these books,
| than to withhold the appropriation. But the
! committee could do as they pleased.
Mr. JONES moved an amendment (pro forma)
to the amendment, which was not distinctly heard.
He said he made this motion for the purpose of
saying, that as he understood this matter, under a
law, passed perhaps by the 26th Congress, a con-
tract was made, he believed,with Force & C larke,
to publish this work, and it was now being pub-
lished under contract. If the House could get
clear of the contract, he should be very glad to
repeal the law and withhold any further of these
appropriations. But the contract was in existence,
and the books were being published in conformity
to it.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, expressed his
opposition to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, on the ground that it would not accom-
