1850.
THE MLWm-
m
therefore move to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert what I send to the Chair; and I
will ask that the subject be postponed until some
day that may be designated by the. chairman of
the committee, and in the mean time that the sub-
stitute which I have offered be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
honorable Senator will assign some reason for the
course which he proposes to take.
Mr. DAWSON explained that it was a bill
which met the approbation of the census board,
and which had been prepared by the secretary of
the board.
The paternity of the substitute of Mr. Dawson
was discussed at some length by Messrs. DAW-
SON, DAVIS of Massachusetts, and BUTLER.
The question was then put on the printing of
the substitute to the bill submitted by Mr. Daw-
son, which was ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am not sat-
isfied that the subject should go out on the remarks
of the Senator from Georgia* [Mr. Dawson.] He
read the report of the census board to prove, as I
understood him, that the tables printed by the
board were made up and prepared on the 1st day
of December. The honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky has already answered that, by saying that
this very table which they send here contains much
of the work of the committee, and therefore it is
impossible, as the committee was not appointed
until long after the 1st of December, that the tables
could have been made up and completed at that
time. Now, sir, the Senator from Kentucky can,
or I think I can, put our finders on portions of
the tables that lie before me, that were among the
last work done by the committee in their room, and
that would seem to prove that, up to the time when
the committee made their report, they had no rea-
son to believe that any tables had been made up
by the census board. There were none made up
and completed, and I never supposed the board
wished to be so understood. This table contains
evidence and proofs of the fact on the face of it.
Now, I wish that to go out with the statement of
the Senator from Georgia, and I wish also that it
may be understood that the tables which were laid
before the committee by the secretary of the cen-
sus board, are disclaimed by the census board.
As I stated on a former occasion, they say that
these tables are not their tables. If proof of that
is wanted, I can put my finger on a table that has
undergone an entire change. I did not intend to
be forced into debate on this subject till we reached
the appropriate point, but the motion to strike out
has led to it from necessity.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed till Tuesday next.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 18, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the regular..order of the day.
[The regular order of the day was the call of
the States for resolutions.]
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BOYD rose for the purpose, he said, of
appealing to the gentleman fioni Tennessee [Mr.
Thomas] to withdraw his motion, to enable him
(Mr. B.) to present the California papers to which
he had a few days ago called the attention of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee withdraw his motion ?
Mr. BOYD urgently appealed to the gentleman
to do so.
Mr. THOMAS withdrew his motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, that if the House pro-
ceeded to the regular order of business, (which
was the call of the States for resolutions,) the
gentleman's State would be called in a short time,
and he might then present the papers.
Mr. BOYD said, that the probability was, that
the House would go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. If the House should
do so, the resolutions could not be presented. If,
on the other hand, the House should go to the re-
gular order of business, which was the call of the
States for resolutions, there was a chance that his
State might not be reached; and thus alhopportu-
nity of presenting the papers would be cut off.
He hoped no objection would be made. The
papers consisted, as he had stated the other day,
of the memorial of the delegates, together with
the credentials of the members elect to this House,
and the constitution of California. His object
was that the papers should be received, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
papers, by general consent, will be received, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The papers were sent to the Clerk's table as
received,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, at the same time
rising and objecting.
Mr. BOYD submitted that the objection came
too late; and asked for the decision of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER gave his opinion, that the pa-
pers had been received, laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed, by unanimous consent.
Some conversation followed between Mr. BOYD
and the SPEAKER, which, however, did not lead
to any action.
So the papers were presented, laid on the table,
and ordered to fie printed.
Mr. THOMAS renewed his motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
THE NEW YORK RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PRESTON KING made an* ineffectual
effort to obtain the withdrawal of the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] for
the purpose of enabling him (Mr. K.) to have the
concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New York, on the subject of slavery,
heretofore presented by him, ordered to be printed.
These resolutions had been laid over for debate,
ami Mr. King expressed himself willing to move
the previous question.
Mr. THOMAS did not withdraw the motion.
CALIFORNIA
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Thomas, that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union;
and being taken, the affirmative vote stood, ayes
75.
Mr. GOTT called for tellers, who were ap-
pointed, (Messrs. Wallace, of South Carolina,
and Gott, of New York.)
The vote was again taken and declared to be,
ayes 86, noes 57.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
So the motion having been decided in the affirm-
ative, the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd
in the chair.)  
The CHAIRMAN announced the business be-
fore the committee to be the special message of the
President of the United States transmitting the
constitution of California, and of the bill, hereto-
fore reported by Mr. Doty, providing for the ad-
mission of the State of California into the Union.
Mr WILLIAMS was entitled to the floor, and
took it.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WILLIAMS yielded the floor, for the mo-
ment, to
Mr. BAYLY, who gave notice that he would
to-morrow move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering the bill heretofore
reported by him from the Committee of Ways
and Means, entitled, " A'bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year, ending the 30th June, 1850."
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS then resumed the floor, and
addressed the committee, in rematks which will
be published in the Appendix.
[The committee rose informally, and the Speaker
resumed the chair, for the purpose of receiving a
message from the Senate, by A. Dickens, Esq.,
Secretary, informing the House that the Senate
had passed a bill to increase the commissariat
department of the army of the United States.]
Mr. CASEY addressed the committee upon the
questions of the admission of California as a
State, and of the policy of the Government in re-
gard to the territories. He advocated the admis-
sion of California, with her present constitution,
maintained the power of. Congress, to exclude
slavery from the territories of the United States,
but opposed the exercise of that power* holding
that the settlement of that question should be left
to the decision of the people of the territories in
the exercise of their inherent powers of self-gov-
ernment; and that, at the proper time, .upon their
applying for admission into the Union, they should
be received as States, without reference to the pro-
visions, respecting slavery, contained in their con-
stitutions.
Mr. GIDDINGS next obtained the floor.
He said, before entering upon the subject unde,r
consideration, he would occupy a few moments in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [M>^
Winthrop.] That gentleman had assailed him
personally, in his speech,and left the city the next
morning. After two weeks'absence, he returned,
and Mr. G. had been striving for the floor since
that period. '
He need not remind the House, that at the open-
ing of the present session, he, in common with
other gentlemen from the free States, had regarded
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp,] as not enftled to his support for the office
of Speaker. He had, on the 27th December, felt
constrained to state his own reasons for such re-
fusal. The gentleman took two months to elabor-
ate a reply, and had lately stood forth before the
nation in the character of accuser and denunciator
of those who had felt unwilling to bestow their
suffrages upon him, to preside in this Hall. The
position was certainly novel, and he thought rather
an unenviable one. Two months' consideration
seemed to have led him to the conclusion that ;t
would be unsafe to deny any allegation advanced
against him. He had failed to point out a single
error, or to take issue on a single point, objected
to by him. By his refusal to answer, he had, in the
language of the law, admitted the objections made
by Mr. G. and others, who opposed his election.
He did not deny that in the last Congress he so
arranged the Committees on the District of Co-
lumbia and the Judiciary, as to suppress the right
of petition and to protect the slave-trade in the
District of Columbia and upon our southern coast.
Involved in this violation of the Constitution, and
thus responsible for the crimes attendant upon
this slave-trade, he stands forth before the House
and the country, insisting that friends of freedom,
lovers of humanity in this body, ought to have sus-
tained him for Speaker. He not only admits his
want of devotion to the Wilmot proviso but at-
tempted to justify his opposition, and said distinctly,
that had it been necessary to defeat the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohip [Mr. Root} on that
subject, he would have voted against it. He has
thus vindicated those who voted against him "more
perfectly than they could have done it themselves.
Leaving the transactions of the present Congress,
however, he had gone back and arraigned Mr. G.
for refusing to vote for him two years since. Mr.
G. recognized no right in ihat gentleman to control
his vote or to claim his support. "To his own
master each must stand or fall." As stated on a
former occasion, he (Mr. G.^iad published a vin-
dication of his vote m 1848. He had then stated
to the public, that the gentleman [Mr. Winthrop]
had, on the morning of the passage of the bill de-
claring war against Mexico, in a meeting of Whigs,
urged them to vote for the war; that he had also
urged his colleagues in the hall, duung the pen-
dency of the bill, to vote for it; and to crown nil,
he had placed his own vote on record in favor of
that war. As stated in his remarks, on a former
day, it was that gentleman's support of the war,
which constituted the gist of his objections; that
he lent his influence for it. In asubsequent part of
that address he had said :
"The Speaker forms the entire character of the
'committees. He moulds them as he'pfea&es.
' They speak his views. Their acts will declare to
' the world the principles which guided their formation.
i Will those committees, constituted by a son of
' New England, report in favor of granting men
« and money to continue the work of rapine and
{ slaughter in Mexico? Will they stifle the voice
' of humanity, and suffer the slave-trade in this city
' to continue unrebuked ? Shall the voice of philun-
' thropky, as incomes from old Massachusetts, in the
* form of petitions, be entombed by a committee, formed,
'constituted and arranged for that purpose? I
* believed that suchtcould be the case if Mr. Winthrop
( were elected, and I therefore voted against him. If
