1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
plish the object he (Mr. B.) had in view. His
objection was not so much to the purchase of these
books and the paying for them, as it was to giving
them a direction which they could not possibly
reach. To say that they should be delivered to
the members of the 26th Congress was equivalent
to saving that they should not be distributed at all.
Every gentleman knew that many members of
that Congress were in their graves; many others
had left their former places of residence; how,
then, were they to be found ? To whom were the
books to be delivered ? He hoped, therefore, that
the item, would be stricken out, and that they
would not appropriate money to buy books to be
wasted.
Mr. SWEETSER was understood to say, that
duiing the present session he had received various
communications from persons, other than ex-mem-
bers, inquiring about books ordered by former
Congresses, and stating that they wanted them,
as a part of the assets of former members, to be
sold.
Mr. JONES (no objection^'being made) with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Brown—
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting in the item proposed to be
stricken out, the words, " and Delegates," so that
it read, Members and Delegates of the Twenty-
sixth Congress.
He said, he wished to make a remark as to the
propriety of giving these books to the Members
and Delegates. The question involved was noth-
ing more nor less than whether the present Congress
should repudiate a contract entered into by the
Twenty-sixth Congress. He proceeded to explain
what had taken place heretofore under the contract,
and was understood to say that seven volumes had
already been published and delivered, according to
contract; and the question now was, whether they
would refu-e to pay for the eighth volume, and
repudiate? Whether the members of that Con-
gress had acted wisely or unwisely, it was a con-
tract, and he was for fulfilling its obligations.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Schenck was rejected.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Brown—
Mr. BROWN called for tellers, who were or-
dered. And Messrs. Millson and Bennett were
appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 45, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the Twenty-sixth Congress
and inserting the Thirty-first. [Laughter.]
Mr. "H. was understood to say, it had been re-
marked that it was necessary to take these books
to carry out a contract. He was opposed to any
contract being made by Congress which proposed
to provide books for twenty years in advance. If
the contract was to be carried out, let the books be
furnished to the members of the Congress now in
existence.
A Member remarked that the books had already
been voted to the members of the present Congress.
Mr. HUNTER said, it was immaterial to him;
it was his intention to vote against the whole
thing. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] had said that many of the members of
the Twenty-sixth Congress were dead. One of
them, to his (Mr. H.'s) certain knowledge, was in
the penitentiary; and surely Congress did not
want to purchase books for former members, who
■were dead, had moved away, or were in the peni-
tentiary. If the books were to be taken, let it be
for the members of the present Congress; and thus
repudiate, not the contract, but this mode of pur-
chasing books twenty years ahead.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, briefly opposed
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Honter.] These books had already been voted
to the members of the present Congress, and if
they now voted other copies of the same volumes,
what would be the consequence ?
Mr. HUNTER, said it would be very easy to
change the other appropriation.
Mr. BROWN said that the appropriation had
already been made. He was about to suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hunter,] so to
modify his amendment as to provide that the
books should be delivered to the Clerk, but retained
until they should be disposed of by Congress.
Congress, however, was bound to taktf the books,
and he (Mr. B.) had no desire to see them thrown
away- He hoped the gentleman would accept the
modification.
Mr. HUNTER was now understood, by gen-
eral consent, to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. BROWN now offered the following amend-
ment; to strike from the clause the words " to be
delivered to members of the 26th Congress," and
to insert the words "to be retained in his posses-
sion until disposed of by Congress."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HAMPTON offered an amendment, pro-
viding
" For the purchase of a pile and flic erection of a < n -lnrn
house and post office at Pittsburg, $-50,000. to be expended
under the direction ot the Secretary of the Trea=urv- Pro-
wled, That the plan of the building shall be such that the
whole cost, both of biulfJins and «itf, .shall in no event ex-
ceed the appropriation hereby made."
The amendment having been read,
The CHAIRMAN suggested that it would
come in more appropriately at some other part of
the bill.
Mr. BAYLY. We might as well dispose of it
now, as I do not suppose that it will come in any-
where.
Mr. HAMPTON. I suppose not, if the gentle-
man from "Virginia [Mr. Bayly] can keep it out.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment to be out of
order.
The item appropriating $1,969 to enable the
Clerk of the House to pay for one hundred and
seventeen copies of the 8th volume of the Amer-
ican Archives, to be delivered to new members of
the 27th Congress, being under consideration,
Mr. HUNTER moved to amend it by striking
out the words, " to be delivered to new members
of the 27th Congress," and to insert the words,
"to be retained by him," so that the Clerk shall
retain the copies.
The appropriation to enable the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to pay for five thousand
five hundred and forty-four copies each of Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, to be delivered to
members of the 31st Congress, being under con-
sideration,
Mr. FITCH moved to amend it by extending
the distribution to the Delegates in the present
Congress.
Mr. P. explained that the object of the amend-
ment was simply to give to the Delegates from
the Territories the same number of " Globes"
which were provided for the Representatives from
the States. He supposed that the omission was
the result of an oversight on the part of the gen-
tleman who introduced the resolution under which
the documents were furnished. He hoped there
would be no objection to it.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the
amendment, by adding at the end of the 901st line
the following words:
"And to enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
tn pav tor reporting and publishing iri the (Dady Globe'
two thousand columns of the proceedings of the House of
Representatives for this session, at the rate of $7 50 a col-
umn, ^15,000."
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that he would refer
the members of the committee to the very lucid,
and, as he thought, satisfactory letter lately ad-
dressed by Mr. Rives to the members of this
House fora fuller exposition of the reasons which
had prompted him (Mr.McC.) to offer this amend-
ment, than he would be enabled to afford under
the limitation of five minutes'debate. He thought
the facts set forth in that letter were conclusive in
favor of the merits of his amendment.
Since the date of the existing contract for the re-
porting and publishing of the proceedings of the
Senate, which was made in 1848, the proceedings
of that body and those of the House have rested
upon very different footings. Under that contract
the proceedings and debates of the Senate have
been very faithfully reported; and their publica-
tion has almost entirely engrossed the columns of
the Union and Intelligencer, to the exclusion of
the proceedings of thef House. This has resulted
from the legal obligation under which the proprie-
tors of those papers have come to report and pub-
lish the proceedings of the Senate at large.
The contract alluded to did not, nor does it, em-
brace the proceedings of the House: they are yet
unprovided for by any specific contract for report-
ing and publishing them. To obviate, m some
degree, this inequality, and to place the reporting
and publishing of the proceedings of the House
upon a footing of some permanency and respec-
tability, Mr. Rives was induced to commence
the publication of the "Daily Globe," whereby
the proceedings of the House might be published
the day after they were had. This paper has
been the only direct medium through which the
proceedings of the House have been seasonably
communicated to the people since its establish-
ment. But for its existence the current proceed-
ings and debates of the House would have been,
and would now be, virtually a sealed book, ex-
cept so far as they might have been or may be
communicated by letter-writers and other irrespon-
sible persons.
The expense of this paper constitutes one, and
a heavy item, of the present pecuniary losses of
Mr. Rives. I am credibly informed that the pub-
lication of this paper, including the whole expense
of the establishment, amounts to some twenty
times as much as the receipts for it amount to.
And this expense, I am informed, is also consider-
ably enhanced by supporting the exchange list of
the Globe, which, probably, amounts to some
#2,500 a year, and which is supported in a spirit
of liberality to extend the circulation of the pro-
ceedings of Congress as widely and as thorough-
ly as possible among the people. This item
might be considerably abated; but the abatement
would much limit the circulation of the proceed-
ings of Congress.
Another heavy item of expense is the reporting of
the proceedings of the House, which requires the
be<st professional skill and almost unceasing labor.
This item has been greatly enhanced of late, in con-
sequence of the determination of Mr. Rives to re-
port the proceedings of the House as fully as those
of the Senate are reported under their contract for
that purpose—and this determination appears to
have been successfully carried into effect. At least
I have heard no complaint on this score. It should
also be recollected that the reporting of the pro-
ceedings of the House is a much more difficult and
expensive task than that of reporting the proceed-
ings of the Senate. I am credibly informed that
the reporting of the proceedings of the House
averages some $40 72 a day, for the entire session
of Congress. This item is considerable in itself,
and in the aggregate must amount to many thou-
sand dollars for the session.
Another item is the mechanical labor of setting
up the type for the proceedings of the House, which,
too, has been greatly enhanced in consequence
of the necessity which has been devolved of set-
ting those proceedings up in type at night, in ex-
ecution of the plan of publishing them concur-
rently with theii date. This necessity has added
a heavy per cent, to what would be the cost of
the same work if done in the daytime.
Now, it will be readily understood that the items
mentioned have been prodigiously increased during
the present session of Congress in consequence of a
very obvious cause; that is, the extraordinary and
unprecedented augmentation of the debates of the
present session. We—the Senate and the House—
have now been in continuous session near nine
months, and almost every day of the session has
I been occupied with debate in both Houses upon the
j most exciting and interesting topics; and as a con-
sequence, almost every word that has fallen in de-
bate has been preserved through the vigilance and
assiduity of the reporters, and is now published
in the debates.
This augmentation of the debates, I repeat, has
necessarily caused a corresponding increase of the
expense of reporting and publishing the debates of
Congress—an expense which includes an increased
consumption of printing paper; and which has
been in some measure trebled by the publication
of the debates, often with very little alteration,
first in the Daily Globe, next in the Congressional
Globe, and finally in the Appendix.
This augmentation of printed matter, it is under-
stood, will make four volumes of printed matter,
composing the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix for the present session, each volume being of
the usual size of the corresponding volumes of the
same publications for preceding long sessions
that is, the Globe and Appendix, for the present
