PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR TMIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1850.
New Series.... No-. 35.
had met other Whifs there, as Mr. Hudson states.
Ot this explanation he could not speak, as he had
known nothing of it, but it explained Mr. Hud-
son s letter; and if the gentleman from Delaware
had reference to the same meeting as Mr. Hudson,
it would explain both of their letters; but if the
gentleman from Delaware had alluded in his letter
to the meeting held in the room of the Committee
on Public Lands, then he, too, as well as all the
other statements, contradict Mr. Hudson, who
shows conclusively, that he was not himself at the
meeting where Messrs. Culver, Mcllvaine, and
others attended.
Mr. G. said he would return to the issue which
the gentleman had seen fit to make. Ho would
submit the question to the House and to the coun-
try, whether the ereiitieman had not been "acces-
sory before the fact ?" Had he not urged others to
vote for the war—indeed, had he not, in fact,
prevailed on at least one of his colleagues to vote
for th-3 war? Yet this was an immaterial issue.
While guilty of the fact itself, of voting for the
war, it could not be very material whether he ad-
vised others to vote for it.
If it were right for that member to vote for the
bill, it could not be wrong for him to urge others
to do the same thing. If it were right for him to
urge his colleagues and his Whig friends in this
hall, and to prevail on some to vote for the war, it
could not have been wrong for him to have said
the same thing in the Whig meeting, ten minutes
previously, as shown by Mr. Culver, and others.
But the whole of this subterfuge was an attempt
to evade the objections which rested in Mr. G.'s
mind at the election of Speaker in 184d. Those
objections were, that the member from Massa-
chusetts • [Mr. W.] would so arrange the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs as to continue the de-
vastation of Mexico, and the other committees so
as to-suppress the right of petition, and protect the
slave trade here, and on the southern coast. Those
objections are all now -sustained by.the records of
he hour. The gentleman's own acts, during the
last Congress, constituted a triumphant vindica-
tion of Mr. G.'s course. He regretted the neces-
sity of holding up the acts of any fellow-member
in an unfavorable light. On looking around him,
he saw no member who held a seat in this hall
•when he commenced his service—that whole gen-
eration had passed away—but he would appeal to
every member to bear testimony, that he had not
assailed any gentleman, except when compelled to
do so in self-defence.
The feelings manifested by the gentleman [Mr.
W ] could only have risen from the rankling irri-
tation of disappointed ambition. Mr. G. had
never regretted the gentleman's defeat, but he had
greatly regretted the necessity of that defeat. He
had referred to this matter at the present time in
reply to the gentleman's charge of misrepresenta-
tion. He could not suffer an imputation upon the
accuracy of his statement,.even on collateral or im-
material facts. His own vindication had prompted
him to say what he did.
The position which the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts now occupied upon the subjects to
which reference had been made, furnished the
most triumphant proof of every objection Mr. G.
had urged against him. Beyond 'this, Mr. G.
would make no comments on the unenviable course
which the gentleman had of late pursued. lie
would here take leave of the gentleman, hoping to
have no occasion hereafter to reply to any attacks
from that quarter.
Mr. Srhcark^s T,ct',ir.
House of Rkpiusentatives. March 3,1848.
Dear Sir: In reply t" the interrogatones contained in
your note, I mu-t state. that I have not a very distinct rec-
ollection of the particular ciicumetances about which you
inquire, attend)mi the scenes and ttansacttons hereon the
11th of May, 1846. 1 remember, however, that tlieie was
such a meeting of the Whig member-: of the Hou-sC of Rep-
resentatives, in one of the comyuttee room®, on the morning
of that day. Mv colleague,Gov. Vance, I think was chair-
man of the meeting. I was present. Mv impression is.
tlV't Mr. Winthrop was there. I cannot clearly remember
whether he .-poke, or who did, in the conference we had on
that occasion, neither can I giveanv information as to what
may hive passed between Mr. Winthrop and his col-
leagues, in the hall of Representatives afterward. It was
35
expected, when we assembled that morning, that the Pres-
ident would «end in a messase recommending a declara-
tion of war, and that some bill for that purpose would be
pressed upon us by the majority; and the difficulty with
most Whigs seemed to be, how they should be enabled, on
the one hand, to vote for the supplies and forces necessary
to extricate the army from its perilous position, and on the
other hand, avoid anything that might be construed into an
abandonment of theusuiping and unconst tutional coui&e
of the President, in commencing and provoking hostilities.
I am, very respectfully yours,
ROBERT SCHENCK.
Having dismissed this matter, Mr. Giddings
next came to the question of the admission of Cali-
fornia, which he passed, with the single remark,
that he considered it a foregone conclusion that
that State would be received, with her present con-
stitution, irrespective of any other question; and he
then proceeded to discuss the relations of the North
and South, and of the Government, to each in
regard to the question of slavery, replying to the
position of Mr. Toombs, that the Constitution of
the United Slates is a pro-slavery constitution, and
enforcing the duty of Congress to prohibit slavery
in all the territories of the United States.
[The speeches of both gentlemen will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. THURSTON next obtained the floor, and
yielded to a motion by
Mr. FOWLER, that the Committee rise,
Which, being agreed to,
The Committee lose and reported progress,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. ALBERTSON: The petition of James McCon-
ncll and 63 other citizens of Gibsm county. In liana, pray-
ing for the establishing of a mail-route from Washington,
Davis county, by way ot Petei^-buig, m Pike county, thence
on the new State road thioush the counties of Gibson and
Vandeburg to Evan-vilh*, a distance of fitty-four mile*.
By Mr. HAMP PON: The petition ot citizens of West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania, 111 behalf of the surviving
officers and soldier* of th* l.ite w.ir with Great Britain.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The ppiition of Jnme* Camei on
and 112 other citizens of Cat roll county, Ohio, for the
prohibition of siaveiy, by act of Uongiessj in all the terri-
tories.
Also, and for the fame puipose. one of John Downs
ami 137 other citizens of StrubenviHe, Ohio.
Also, a petition of A. L. Fruzer, John Downes, and 135
other citizens of Steubenville, Ohio, for the repeal of nil
laws in the Di-trict of Columbia for the support of shivery,
or the removal of the seat ot the General Government to a
more suitable location.
BvMi. JULIAN: The petition of 1G0 citizens of the town
of Alguend and vicinity, in Lapoite county, Indiana, pray-
ing Congress to make free donations of the public lands in
limited quantities tn actnfl spttler*.
Also, the petition of 912 citizens ot the town of West
Union and vicinity, in the same county and State, praying
the same matter.
Also, the petition of manufacturer*, dealers, and woikmen,
of the city of Providence, engaged in the business of manu-
facturing India Rubber, in reference to the present defective
patent laws, Sr.e
By Air. D1MMICK; The petition of George II. Miller
and sundry othefs, lor the establishment of a post-route from
Stroudsburs, Monroe county, to Mauch Chunk, Carbon
county, Pennsjlvama.
Also, the petition of M. G. Stier and sundry others, play-
ing for the establishment of a post-route fiom Ea*.ton, by
way of Kesslervilie, Flnkville, Roxbmy, to Lehrsville in
Northampton county, Pennsylvania.
Bv Mr. GOULD The petition of citizens of Delaware
county, State of New Yoik, residing in Delhi, that siaveiy
and the slave-trade may be prohibited m the territories of
the United State*.
ANo, the petition of citizens of Delhi, Delaware conntv,
State of New York, asking the law to seeuie to alleged fu-
gitives the right of trial byjuiy.
Al<o, the petition ot citizens of Delaware county, State
of New York, residing in Delhi, asking arepeal of all jaw*
or parts of laws, by which «.)nverv or the slave-trade is
authorized or sanctioned in the District of Columbia, and in
case of their non-iepea!, that the seat of Government be
removed to some more suitable location.
Also, the petition of citizens tesidmg in Delhi, conntv
of Delaware, and State of NcwYotk, prayinsr that no State
may be admitted i ruo the Union, without prohibiting siaveiy
in it* constitution.
By Mr. L1TTLEFIELD: The petition of John W. Goo-
kin and 30 others, of North Yarmouth, Maine.
Aho, the petition of Alexander Ewmg and 31 others, of
Harpswell, Maine.
Also, the petition of Wentworth Stuart, of Harrison and
Otisfield, Maine.
Also, the petition of Seth Bailey, jr., and 20D others,
of Keeport, Maine, all praying for a reduction of the rates
of postage.
Also, resolutions from the ICennehec eounty Agricultural
Society, of Maine, in favoi of an appropriation for the dis-
tribution of agiicultural information.
Also, the memorial of John Anderson and 402 others, of
Oumherliuid county, Maine, in favor of gianting bounty
land to the officers and soldiers of the last war with Great
Butam.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of Fi*k P Rrewer and 96
others, members of the Sophomoie Class, in Yale Collce,
in the State of Connecticut, praying for the redaction of
postage to two cents on prepaid letters of half an ounce.
Also, the petition of Ephiaim Lvman and 75other*, citi-
zens and electors of Plymouth, in the Slate ot Connecticut,
praying for the repe.il of all laws enacted by Congress, by
which slavery or the slave-uade is authorized or sanctioned
tn the Distiict of Columbia; ami that, m the event of their
non-iepeal, the m at of the National Government may be re-
moved to s« iiip moie suitable location. <
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Abel Hawiey, CuitH
Reed, and other citizens of Wisconsin..for^a-mail-route
from Fori Winnebago, by the villages on IVeenali liver,-and
by Wanekuni und Menasha, to Manitowoc.
By Mr. PIICEN1X: A inemoual f*iom the Chamber of '
Commerce ot New York, appiobatory of a liheiai ware-
housing system, and suggesting amendments to the existing
law.
Ai*o, several petitions of citizens of NeW York and else-
where, in favor of leducnig the rate of postage.
By Mr. PACKER Tin. petition and oihei paper? of Ben-
jamin Moore, of Harper's Feriy, Vuginia. prnung for com-
pensation foi his impioved method of peieiissioning flint-
lock arm*, which lin? been adopted by the Oidimnce Board,
and i- now in use at the national armoi ies, &c.
By Mr. SC1IFVCK: The memorial of >3 citizen* ofEiie
county, Ohio a-kin^ loi sueli legislation as may obtain fiom
the I'lifi-h Government the ftee navigation ot the St.
Lawrence.
Also, the petition of 141 citizens of Lacon, Marshall
conntv, lllinoN, praying for cheap postage.
Bv Mr HENRY- The. petition of A. Ilammand, S. Pen-
field, and I Id otiiei citizens of Pittsford, Rutland county,
Ve> mont, pi.ivinu ior a reduction in the rate ot po tag«.
Bv Mr. KING ot Massachusetts : The petition of < harles
Davis and 50 other voters of Beverly, for the establish-
ment of a rate of two cents postage on prepaid letters; and
many other pennons of ihe sameptirpon.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The pennon of inventors, and
others mteiested in patents, lesidents in the city of New
York, f><r a modification of the laws relating to patent*.
By Mi. HARLA\ • The petition of Dr. P. Betcher and
49 other persons, citizens ot the State of Indiana, piajwe lor
a post-route fiom Periyshurg via Gilead, Laketon, Man-
• cluster, Milleifbuis, Liberty Mill*, Spurigfield, Columbia,
| Popano. Cold Springs and Wolf Lake, to Port Mitchell, m
Noble eounty, in the Slate of Indiana.
Also, tlie petition of W. Marshall and 59 others, of the
States of Ohio and Indiana, praying for a mail-route from
Defiance, in Defiance county. Ohio, via Brunersburgh and
Faimer, in Ohio, Newviile. Auburn, Lisbon and Albion, to
Noble Iion-wojk*, in Noble count}', Indiana.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of Henry Potts & Co.,
and other citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for the enact-
ment of laws piotectmg the manufacture of iron in this
country.
By M(. MOORE: The petition of William Campbell and
other citizens of Pmlnd. lphia, asking the repeal of the act
of February 26, 1845, extending the patent of Win. Wood-
woith's planing machine.
By Mr. KING, of New Jersey: The petition of a public
meeting at Newark, New Jersey, in favor of cheap postage,
of two cents prepaid per half ounce weight, fur all dis-
tances.
Atso, the petition of inhabitants of Bloomheld, New Jer-
sey, for one cent per newspaper, and two cents prepaid per
half ounce letter postage, for all distances, and for other
conesponding reforms.
By Mr. WALDO; The petition of Rev. N. H. Eggleston
and others, electors of the town of Ellington, Connecticut,
loi a uriifoim rate of postage.
AI*o, the petition of Benedict Bull and 77 others, citizens
and elector* of Plymouth, Connecticut, against the admis-
sion of any State into the Union whose constitution does
notexpre*-lv prohibit siaveiy within us limits.
By Mi. S WERTSER: A memorial frum Columbus, Ohio,
upon Hi" subject of extending the admiralty jurisdiction of
the comt-> of the United States to the navigable rivers.
By Mr. DU«>' KEE; A memonal ot the Legislature of the
State ot WiM'on-in, sskmg Congress to pass an act granting
bountv lands to the ofhcer  and soldiers who served in the
war of IdlQ.
Also, n memorial from the same State, in relation to the
navigation of the river St. Lawrence.
By Mi SOUERMERIIORN: The petition of 78 citizens
of the town of Henrietta, county of Monroe, New York,
for the light of tiial by jury to fugitive slaves, or those
claimed to be such.
Also, the petition of 74 cinzens of Henrietta, Monroe
county, New York, for the abolition of slavery m the Dis-
tiict of Columbia, or the, removal of the Capitol theiefrom.
Also, the petition of 79 citizens of the above town and
State, for the prohibition of siaveiy in all the territories be-
longing to the United States.
Also, the petition of ~i7 citizen' of the same town and
State, against the admission ot any SMte into the Union
which does not expressly exclude, by its constitution,
slavery therefrom.
Also, the petition of 87 citizens of Monroe county, New
York, for the repeal of the law of 1845, extending the Wood-
worth patent for a planing machine.
