1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL TiLOBE.
1639
The question was taken and the amendment of
Mr. Duer was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. McClerkand—
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved to amend the
amendment by sinking- out ** §7 50" per column
and to insert "50 cents."
Mr. F. I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois; but if I cannot de-
feat it entirely, i wish to reduce the amount
as much as possible. In opposing this amend-
ment, I do not wish to injure the Congressional
Globe and Appendix. I am convinced that this
publication gives a more full and accurate re-
port of the proceedings of this House, than any
other paper published in this city. As such, I
would like very much to see it sustained, and I
have no doubt it will be hereafter as it has been j
heretofore. If it cannot be supported with the j
patronage now bestowed upon it by the Govern- '
ment, I would ask the gentleman from Illinois, I
how it has sustained itself heretofore? During j
previous sessions Congress had subscribed for
twelve copies of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix for each member of Congress; and this, in
connection with its present number of private sub-
scriptions, it seems was ample to continue the
work. During the present session the House had
increased the number taken to twenty-five copies
•of the Globe and Appendix for each member, and
yet the gentleman from Illinois told the House,
with all this patronage the receipts of this work
were not one twentieth of its expenses.
Mr. McCLERNAND (the floor being yielded)
said: The gentleman had misunderstood him. He
had said that the expenses of the publication of
the Daily Globe had amounted to about twenty
times its receipts. He had not in that statement
made any reference to the receipts and expenditures
of the Congressional Globe and Appendix.
Mr. FEATHERSTON (resuming) said, the
amount appropriated in this bill, reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, to pay the ex-
pense of furnishing twenty-five copies of the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix, was about $33,000.
He had little doubt but that sum would pay the
entire expenses of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, or any other press of this city. In ad-
dition to this patronage bestowed by the Govern- j
ment—to which he did not at all object—the pro- j
prietor had a large number of subscribers who ex- j
pected to receive, and to whom the proprietor had [
pledged himself to furnish, detailed reports of the |
proceedings of Congress; and he had no doubt i
expected that his receipts from subscribers would
pay the expenses of publishing the work. He
repeated, he was perfectly willing to take this
number oftwenty-five copies of the Globe and Ap-
pendix for each member of Congress, as they
had already agreed. He was perfectly willing to
extend to the concern public patronage to that
amount, but he was opposed to the proposition of
the gentleman from Illinois to connect this press—
and he was opposed to connecting the Union or
Intelligencer or any other press, as a pensioned
press—with the Government. He thought the
amount already subscribed for was as liberal an
appropriation for this work as Congress should
make.
Mr. TOOMBS said he was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi.
He thought it would be wise in Congress to keep
up this publication, and he was willing to appro-
priate whatever was reasonable and necessary for
that purpose. A large amount of the parliament-
ary history of the country was already contained
in the Congressional Globe and Appendix. He
■was in lavor of continuing the publication, be-
cause, like the gentleman from Mississippi, he did
not want to give any portion of the public patron-
age to the party press. It exercised a corrupting
influence upon it. But here was a neutral work-—
a work devoted exclusively to parliamentary his-
tory; a work well and faithfully done. He thought
it to be the constitutional duty of Congress, not
only to keep and publish a journal of its proceed-
ings, but to illustrate it by the publication of the
speeches of members. The 'wise and proper, and
the best way of securing that publication was to
patronize a paper disconnected entirely with party
politics. In this manner they would secure and
preserve a correct history of the proceedings and
debates of Congress; and whether it cost ten or
twenty, or a hundred thousand dollars, was a
matter of no comparative importance. They want-
ed a publication which should contain the debates
and proceedings of Congress, and nothing else.
And by separating it from the party press, they
prevented the publication of those biased and one-
sided reports, which every gentleman, who had been
here as long he had, had so often seen published
in the political papers. He concurred with the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Duer,] that the
newspapers of the country should be left to print
all the debates which were interesting and useful
to the public generally. But this publication did
not interfere with the gentleman's object, which
he thought very wise and proper. While the
newspapers published such portions of the debate
as were useful to them, Congress should sustain
such a publication as would be useful to it, and be
a permanent record of the history of the American
Congress. For such a work, well executed,' he
was willing to give ample remuneration. For
these reasons he favored the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Feathkkston was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendmentof Mr.
McClernand—
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Van Dyke and Wellborn were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed, ayes 95, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
"To pay for the bindinsr of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for members of the 31st Congress, $ 10,000, or so
much thereof as may be required to pay for binding: >aid vol-
umes in strong substantial Russia leather back? and corners ;
Provided, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
shall let the contract* for binding to the lowest bidder below
sixty cents per volume, and that the work shall bo com-
menced immediately after the printing is done, and con-
cluded as soon therealteras possible."
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired of his col-
league if his amendment provided for the binding
of the twenty-five copies of the Globe and Ap-
pendix which were furnished to each member?
Mr. BROWN replied that it did.
Mr. FEATHERSTON further inquired if these
copies were not to be bound when delivered ?
Mr, BROWN replied, that the subscription
price paid by Congress was for the work in num-
bers; but the proprietor of the Globe had been in
the hnbit of binding in cloth, gratis, such a portion
of their copies as the members desired put up in
this way. But the object which he had in view
was to provide for their permanent binding. He
exhibited to the committee a copy of the Congres-
sional Globe in cloth binding, which he said was
literally no binding at all. By the time the books
bound in this way reached their homes, through
the mails, they were destroyed. He referred to
the action taken at this session, in which he had
cooperated, in providing for the secure binding of
public documents generally, and said they had
pursued long enough the penny-wise and pound-
foolish policy of distributing to their constituents
books and documents which were printed by order
of Congress, not bound at ail, or poorly bound.
If a book was worth printing, it was worth putting
into a substantial binding. He proposed that the
books should be bound in this form, [holding up
a copy of the Congressional Globe,] with good,
substantial Russia backs.
A Member. What will such bindingcost?
Mr. BROWN. This style of binding will cost
not to exceed sixty cents per volume.
Mr. DUER raised the point that the amendment
was outof order—on theground that it was neither
an expenditure authorized by law, nor for a con-
tingency for carrying on a department of the Gov-
ernment.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order-
stating that he should have considered the amend-
ment in order had none been adopted; but that
after the adoption of the amendment which had
been agreed to, he could have no doubts but this
was in order.
Mr. BROWN (resuming) said, he had con-
sulted with Mr. Rives; that he (Mr. R.) had noth-
ing to do with the binding, except to superintend
and see that it was well done; that he (Mr. R ) es-
timated that the Congressional Globe and Appen-
dix would reach such a size at the present session
as to make four volumes of the size of the volume of
this work which he held in his hand, [a volume of
the Congressional Globe of about the averagesize.] .
If it was put up in cloth it would come to pieces be-
fore it reached their constituents and their homes.
He considered it one. of the most valuable works
published, and he wished it bound for permanent
preservation, for themselves and for those who
should come after them. Suffer it to be destroyed,
and the congressional history for the time which it
covered could be obtained from no other source.
Who would not give almost any sum for a publi-
cation which should contain an accurate report, at
full length—such as was now published in the
Globe—of any one of the important debates of
years gone by—e. g. the debate on the Missouri
compromise? This work, containing full sports
of the proceedings and debates of both Houses,
was of immense value, and would increase m value
as years rolled on.
He had no personal motive in this matter; but
he wished, for the public good, to see this work
bound in a form which would insure its permanent
preservation.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, he was opposed
in toto to the amendment of his colleague; and he
thought that a very brief statement would be suffi-
cient to show that the grounds on which that
amendment had been advocated were wholly in-
sufficient. This work was subscribed for by Con-
gress to furnish twenty-five copies to each member
to distribute among his constituents, and not to be
sold and the money to be put into the pockets of
members; and whether it was bound in muslin,
as it had heretofore been sent to them, or in that
elegant style which his colleague seemed to think
proper, when it reached their constituents through
the mail, the result was the same—the binding
was inevitably ruined. Hence he saw no neces-
sity for making this additional appropriation for
binding. It would neither benefit the member of
Congress or his constituents.
The question was taken, and, by ayes 81, noes
44, the amendment of Mr, Bkown was agieed to.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
u For the purpose of enabling the Joint Committee on
Printing to audit and settle fheaccounisoftJie public printer
dud pay him such sum as they may rind to be the amount
actually expended by Jiun in such public printing, with
— per cent, in addition thereto lor his profit on such work,
$100,000."
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment is undoubtedly against the law.
It is directly against the law of Congress.
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] raise the question of order that
the amendment cannot be received?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do.
The CHAIR. If the Chair is correct in sup-
posing that the public printing is provided for by
law, and that this gentleman is the contractor un-
der the law, then, in effect, this amendment over-
rides the law, and the Chair decides it to be outof
order.
Mr. McLANE. Will the Chair hear a sugges-
tion from me?
: The CHAIR. A suggestion with great pleas-
! ure—but argument is not in order.
Mr. McLANE. I am aware that the public
printing is provided for by contract. But the
Chair will understand that it is entirely competent
for this House to appropriate for the public print-
ing a sum over and above that now provided in
the contract. The contract will be executed and
the amount provided for by it will be paid. This
amendment does not interfere with the contract; on
the contrary, it takes it for granted that the con-
tract will be performed; and it provides for an ad-
ditional sum for the public printing over and
above 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) It is always
; gratifying to the Chair to hear arguments on a
i point of order raised, but the rule does not allow
1 them. The Chair now desires to ask whether he
! is not correct in supposing that the public printing
1 is provided for by lasv, and that the rates of com-
pensation are fixed by contract? «
Mr. McLANE. There is no doubt that the
public printing is provided for by law, and done
under contract, and I have drawn this amendment
under a full knowledge of that fact. But—
The CHAIRMAN. Are not the rates of com-
pensation fixed by law?
Mr. DUER. The price is fixed under the con-
tract and the law together.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment proposes
