546
TflE C@fORESSIONAl,. GLOBE.
March 18,
Also, the petition of Ciiauncey JR. Martin, for bounty
land.
By Mr. OLDS: The petition of sundry citizens of north-
ern Ohio, asking Congress to tafce into consideration the
propriety of ppciiring, by negotiation, the free navigation of
the St. Lawrence, for American vessels.
Ateo the petition ot sundry citizens of Fayette county,
Ohio, asking t!i<- establishment of the cheap postage system.
By Mr. JACKSON, of New York: The petition of the
trustees, teacher?, and students of Ithaca Academy, Ithaca,
Tompkins county, New York, on the subject of cheap post-
age.
By Mr. LT3FFLE8: Two petitions, numerously sighed
by ci(iz*'Ds of Cedar county, Iowa, praying a grant of land
to aid fiie State of Iowa in the construction of a rail road
from Davenport, on the Mississippi river, to the Council
Bluffs, on the Missouri river.
Also, tho petition of citizens of Maquoke.ta, Jackson
county, Iowa, piayitig a further reduction of postage.
Also, the papers in the case of John Lu&k, praying a pen-
sion for disabilities incurred in the service of the United
States.
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of Seth Knowlton and
990 others, citizens of Belfast, Alleghany county, New
York, for the lepealof the act extending the patent-nglit
for Woodworlh's planing machine.
By Mi. REYNOLDS: The petition of 231 citizens em-
ployed in iron woik«, near Troy, New York, for specific
during upon for<>i*m iron.
Also, the petition of Giles B. Kellogg and others, of Troy,
New York, for postage at two cents per half ounce on pre-
paid1 letters.
  Also, the petition nf Henry Weeks and others, of Troy,
New York, for the same purpose.
ANo, Uh* petition of Stephen Wicks and others, of Troy,
N>'w York, for tho samp purpose.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
inhabitants of Clarion county, for a mail-route from Shellen-
vrlle, PHini^ylvama, to Warren, Pennsylvania, via Heilen-
Furimrpj Black's settlement, and Marion, the county seat
of Forrest county.
Also, the petition of citizens of the port of Presque Isle,
Erie, Pennsylvania, for a change of name to Erie.
By Mr. WOOD: The petition of A. Campbell and 106
other citizens of VTcCutchensville, Wyandot county, Ohio,
praying Congress to make an appropriation for removing
obstructions to navigation at the head ot Sandusky bay, so
as to lender more easy and safe the pa^aye of sailing ves-
sel and sieamboat^ into the Sandusky river.
By Mr. BUKROVVS: The petition of Thomas C. Fanning
and oihei-*, citizens and i lectors of the county of Orleans,
N«w Yofk, against the admission ol more slave States into
the Union. "
Also, tbp petition of citizens and electors of the county of
Oileanx, New York, for the establishment and protection
of freedom in the teiritoiies of the United States.
A No, the petition ot citizens and electors of the county
of Orleans, IVew York, for the repeal of,ill laws enacted or
adopted by Congress, for the support ot slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the petition of citizens and fdectois of the county of
Orleans, New York, to secure to alleged fugitives the right
of trial by jnrv.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of Benedict Bull
and 76 others, citizen*, of Plymouth, Connecticut, praying
fm the pa^s.iue of a law expre^ly prohibiting slavery and
the '•lave trade in all the territory of the United States.
ANo, the petition of Job Whitney and 35 others, citizens
of Woodstock, Connect! uf, of the same impnit.
ANo, the petition of Job Whitney ami others, citizens of
Won<Ntoek, Connecticut, praying for the repeal of all law s
ganefiomrn? *! iverv and the '-lave trade in the District of Co!-
uikSm.i, and fot the removal of theseatof Government!!! ca>e
of the non-repeal of said laws. I
ANo, the petition of citizens of Woo<J>tock. Connecticut. '
pr.ivin<  for trial hy jury for all person* arretted and claimed
a-! fugitive slaves.
ANo. the petition of citizens of Woodstock. Connecticut,
that rio Sfnt« mav be hereaftcradinitted into the Union un-
le.^ in con^tit'iiiou expressly prohibit slaveiy.
By M . C!lO\VEfJi. The petition ot Joseph If. Walcott
and 14'} otiier euizeno of Fartnington, Trumbull county,
0'iio, pravimr Congiess to secure the right of tual by jury
to fii«uiv<- <=Jave<.
ANo, the n< titton of Joseph H. Walcott, and 143 other
citizen^, of F mnington, Trumbull county,Ohio, pia\ the
repeal of all law*, and parts of law* enacted i y Oon^re-s,
aiithonzinc and sanctioninsr ^l.r'eiy and the slave trade in the
Cttv ot Washington or the District ot Columbia, and m the
event of their nou-r.-peal, the seat of the National Govern-
ment be removed to some more suitable location.
ANo, the p.-tition of I,oms Walcott, and 144 other citizens
of Farminston Tiumbull coiimy, Oliio, praying th't slaveiy
and the slue tiade he expressly prohibited by act of Con-
gre-s-i in all the territories of the''United States".
ANo, the petition of Joseph H. Walcott and 344 other
einzen* of Firmineton, Trumbull county, Ohio, praying
that no State permitting slavery be hereafter admitted into the
Union.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 18, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting severifv-five copies of (he Navy
Register for the year 3850, for the use of the Sen-
ate; which was read and ordeied to be laid on the
table.
Also, the following communication from the
Secretary of the Navy;
Nav y Department, March 14, 1850,
Sir : I have tho honor to Mibmit, herewith enclosed, a re- {
port troni the chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, |
relauye to the numnerof deaths occurring annually in the j
umted Sua,squadron on the ?na3i of Africa j aisso, a re- J
port from the chief of the Bureau of Construction and
Equipment, showing the annual cost of maintaining that
squadron ; which information is directed to be communi-
cated by the Senate's resolution of the 27th ultimo.
I have the honor to be, sir. your obedient servant,
WM. BALLARD PRESTON.
Hon. M. Fillmore,
President of United States Senate.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. YULEE presented a memorial of the mem-
bers of two companies of mounted volunteers, com-
manded by S. L. Sparkman and John Parker,
asking compensation for their military services in
a recent outbreak of the Indians in Florida.
He also submitted documents relating to the
claim of Aaron Jamigan, and the volunteers under
his command, for compensation for services ren-
dered and subsistence furnished during the recent
Indian disturbances; all of which were referred to j
the Committee on Military Affairs. I
Mr. DOW?iS presented the petition of Priscilla j
Prewett, asking the confirmation of her title to a '
tract of land; which was referred to the Commit- !
tee on Private Land Claims. 1
Mr. DICKINSON pre&ented the memorial of j
Aaron D. Spra^ue, of Yates county, in the State |
of New York, earnestly asking that Congress will !
take every precautionary measure to preserve the j
public lands for the benefit of all the citizens of the j
United States; and setting forth that the public !
domain is the pioperty of all the citizens of the i
United States; and that any grant made in pursu-
ance of the will of a majority, contrary to that of
the minority, would be an infringement upon the
rights of property in the minority, and therefore
unjust and oppressive; that the Government is
but the agent of all the citizens, consequently, by
the terms of the agency, the rights of the minor-
ity are to be preserved and respected as party in
the disposition of the public lands; that the'ex- |
; tied Hungarians are a patriotic and noble band of j
heroes, richly meriting the gratitude and plaudits j
of the friends of free government everywhere, yet I
a grant of any portion of the public lands would j
transcend the agency of Congress, and at the same
time be partial in its operations as to the exiles of
other countries; which was referred to the Com-
| mittee on the Public Lands.
| Mr. WHITCOMB presented a memorial of
| citizens of Indiana, who served in the last war
j with Great Britain, and in the various Indian wais,
; asking to be allowed bounty lands.
I Also, the proceedings of a meeting of officers
f and soldiers of the last war with Great Britain,
I held at Madison, in Indiana, in favor of an act
i allowing the same compensation that was received
t by officers and soldiers who served m other wars
| or the Um ed States; all of which were referred to
j the Committee on Military Affairs.
j Also, the petition of Joseph Anderson, asking
j the repayment of a sum of money advanced to a
j destitute volunteer, m the late wai with Mexico;
■ which was referred to the Committee on Military
| Affairs.
I Mr. JONES presented two petitions of citizens
I of Iowa and Wtsconsin, asking the establishment
: of a mail-route from Fort Madison, Wisconsin, to
Fort Atkinson, in Iowa; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial of mem-
bers of the Legislature of New Jersey, asking
as acting commissary of subsistence, and acting
► assistant quartermaster in the army; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, from citizens of Pittsford, in tbe State of
Vermont, asking that the public lands may be
granted in limited quantities to actual settlers not
possessed of other lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of the pres-
ident and directors of the Centreville Bank, and
other citizens of Rhode Island, in favor of reduced
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Rhode
Island, in favor of the abolishment of the spirit
ration and corporal punishment in the Navy of the
United Slates; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. .BORLAND presented a memorial of offi-
cers and volunteers who served in the late war
with Mexico, asking to be allowed bounty lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Thomas O. Leroy and David Smith, remonstra-
ting against the extension of the patent of Tatum
and others, for a machine for making lead pipes;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Nathan
Stanley, an officer in the last war with Great Brit-
ainjasking to be allowed a grant of bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, the petition of James H. Robinson, a pen-
sioner of the United States, asking to be allowed
an increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Portsmouth, New
I lam psh ire, as king the construction of a li^ht-house
at that port; w/hich was refened to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition of citizens
of New Jersey, asking a reduction of the rates of
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, asking an in-
crease of the duties on imported iron; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of merchants and other citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking an appropriation for
the construction of a harbor at Reedy Island, in the
Delaware river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, fiom the Democratic citizens of East
Whitehead township, Chester county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking that the Wilmot proviso may not be
attached to any territory acquired from Mexico,
setting forth that, as they were acquired by the
blood and treasure of all the States, the southern
section of the Union ought not to be insulted or
dictated to by the introduction ofany such proviso;
that the abolition of slavery in the District of Coi-
umbir , without the consent of the adjoining States,
or the owners of the slaves, would be regarded as
an act of bad faith to the adjoining States, and in
opposition to those principles of amity upon which
tne Constitution was established ; that the part
of the District which originally belonged to Vir-
ginia being receded, it would be preferable to re~
, . , - - c . cede lhe remainder, under suitable circumstances,
a reduction of the rates of postage to two cenis on || to the State of Maryland, its former owner; and
.11 prepaid letters not exceeding half an ounce,
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Mississippi, in favor ■
of the establishment of a light-house at or near !
the mouth of East Pascagoula river, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com- !
merce, and ordered to be printed. I
declaring that our glorious Constitution and its
compromises are only to be maintained m the
spirit of friendship and good will which estab-
lished it.
Mr. S. observed he would move to lay the peti-
tion on the table
Mr. ATCHISON moved that it be printed.
The petition was then laid on the table, and the
motion to print refened to the Committee on
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the same m Printing
m?;f'f.a,Tkinr the,estabIifin!e"t of a tri-weelfly Ij Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a memo-
.''11° Grena.dd' lhat fel,ate. 10 Memphis, ij rial of the chiefs of the Menomonee nation,asking
LT.rT ' T a "hne ,n 'he,mode of l,a,ls- I.' Ihat provision may be made for d.scharsV thf
p £ he mails m said fetatc; and a le&olution of \ debt due by that nation to Robeit Gri^nori; which
the Legislature of Mississipp., fuvor of lhe es. j, wa„ nfr„^ to ,he Comnmlee on |n3, JXffairJ!
hat St^p" n°R? 05 Ra m.a,1/rom Jacks°". |; Mr. DODGE, of low*, presented a resolution of
ttiat biate, to Baton Rouge, in Louisiana; which : the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of a grant of land
aTdXiffinlf the CommiWee °  ^ Office ! to aid m the construction of a railrofd from Da- '
Mr WJim. .11. •• i venport to Council Bluffs; which was referred to
. WALKER presented the petition of John ij the Committee on Public Lands.
Cummms, asking compensation for his services !! Mr. D. also presented a petition of citizens of
