1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
The CHAIRMAN said that motion was already
pending:, having been made by the gentleman from
.New York* (Mr. Rumsey.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the clause by striking out all after the word
" one," so as to confine the provision to the pur-
chase of one copy.
One copy of this work he thought was neces-
sary, and one would be sufficient, and that ought
to be in the possession of the Clerk. And what
was to become of the balance of the one thousand
two hundred and twenty-five copies of this work?
This clause provides no mode in which this work
shall be distributed. Now there are some gentle-
men who desired that copies should be sent to
all the States, while others might be in favor of
depositing them in the public library.
Mr. JONES said, that according to his under-
standing, copies of this work would be sent to the
States and Territories.
Mr. STEVENS resumed. He was perfectly
willing to establish a normal school for the pur-
pose of educating individuals to fill official stations,
and even for all those who propose to become
members of Congress. But if we are to begin
this system, he would desire that it should be done
in proper form. He knew not what was intended
to be done with all the books which were published:
some would probably be sent to the public offices,
and there would always be found enough ready to
take a portion to themselves, He had no objec-
tion to see a system of education. He would like
normal schools and night schools too, established,
for the improvement of members of Congress.
We had no time to read here if we pay proper
attention to our public duties. And he was op-
posed to the purchase of all these hooks, because
he thought that it was not necessary for any one
except the Cleik to possess one. If the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Rumsey,] should prevail, the Clerk may take
the trouble of the distribution into his own hands
con amove.
Mr. KERR congratulated the gentleman from
Pennsylvania on presenting himself to the House
in a new character, and he feared that while in his
own State he'professed to be exceedingly progres-
sive, he was here retrograding, in regard to the
established rules regulating society. Such aconrse,
from so peculiar a mind, with its general tenden-
cies, took him by surprise; it was the last which
might have been anticipated from such a quarter.
The teachings might be proper enough; but then
he had gone to the Celestial Empire for his educa-
tional model, and the Chinese were th^ least
likely to have attracted the gentleman's attention !
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to
cairy out his system to the full extent of Chinese
practice. He seems to have regretted the loss of
the representative principle there for the working
of his plan, and would, as the way is open here,
establish normal schools, not only for the educa-
tion of officials of Government, but for members
of this House too. All this was perfectly in keep-
ing with the Chinese polity, which looks to the
instruction of ail, from the humblest individual to
the highest Mandarin. The gentleman, by his
quiet, grave air, when speaking to this amendment
of his, evidently assumes to be a Mandarin of the
ninth class, and it would be desirable that he
should give us this Chinese practice in all us de-
tails. He should like to know our relative posi-
tions, and in which school, whether number one
or number two, he would consent to have some
of us i&nged.
Mr. HUNTER asked if these remarks were in
order.
The CHAIR decided that they were in order.
Mr. KERR resumed. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania insisted on the propriety of establish-
ing normal and night schools for the education of
his fellow-members, and he believed he was not
transgressing the rules of order in thus attempting
to show from what quarter he had drawn his
somewhat elaborate system. The gentleman was
of the progressive school, and still he could only
repair to this nation, which was so very tenacious
of ancient customs as never to permit a change m
the slightest instance. He seemed to want con-
sistency in thus looking up models for our imita-
tion. That was all.
Mr. STEVENS asked if it was a bad policy
which China had adopted?
Mr. KERR. It had favor, no doubt, for high
Mandarins, and he would say, that normal schools,
as here understood and applied, were very excel-
lent things—on the American model, not the Chi-
nese for privileged officials. He thought, how-
ever, that it was not in very good taste to be thus,
even in a spirit of pleasantry, throwing out expres-
sions against others—normal schools, under the
parliamentary law, were to be excluded from the
list of things needed by members of this commit-
tee. But he would ask attention to the amend-
ment, which sought to strike from the bill the
clause providing for the purchase and distribution
among custom-house officers of a valuable ref-
erence-book, with the laws and decisions in regard
to the revenues. To our large cities, with every
facility for information at hand, such a work was
valuable, and in remoter places, on sudden emer-
gencies, it would prove of much use to a discreet
officer, anxious to understand and carry out his
duty. Gentlemen seem to dread its effect in giv-
ing aid and comfort to pension agents and claim
gatherers. In hisopinion, such a work, well di-
gested, would place within reach of every man
sources of information, and take from these very
persons their chief weapon. It was the difficulty
to obtain correct information on our laws in regard
to the revenue and other kindred subjects that
served to throw so much into the hands of the
I shrewd few with keys for Knowledge confined to
i themselves. This section of the bill would extend
to intelligent men everywhere, means of informa-
tion, and it needed no modification, as proposed
by the amendment 
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to submit an amendment,
when
The CHAIR decided that it was not now in
order.
Mr. SCHENCK said he thought that amend-
ment was withdrawn.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend by inserting
the clause as follows, viz:
" One copy of which to be distributed to each of the sev-
eral departments and bureaus o! Hie Government, the cus-
tom-houses, ctnd to each committee of the Houac of Repre-
sentatives." j
Mr. S. said that it would probably have been
as well had this been left to be done by resolution
hereafter. But if an appropriation is to be made,
the provision would be appropriate here. What
was the objection urged against this proposition ?
The gentleman from Mississippi and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania believe that it is wrong
to furnish the officers of the Government with a
manual descriptive of their duties, because it im-
posed on us the expense of initiating them in those
duties. It was suggested that they ought to be
sufficiently qualified before they entered into office,
so as to dispense with the necessity for these aids.
And what did this objection amount to ? Would
these gentlemen take away the books out of every
lawyer's office, on the same ground that he ought
to be qualified to carry on his profession without
them? Would he deprive a magistrate of his
book of forms ? Why, every one considered him-
self qualified for any office or employment he
sought. We all think ourselves fit to fill public
offices. He thought that he himself might make
a tolerable officer in any one of the departments.
But he had no doubt if he was placed in one of
these offices he would be compelled to refer to
these manuals for a little instruction. And he had
no doubt that members of this House, unless they
were old members—he intended no disrespect—
members who had served on the Committee of
Ways and Means—who would sometimes find the
information in these volumes very useful to them
in their labors.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, opposed the
amendment, because he desired to discountenance
the system pursued by individuals of going through
the public offices to collect materials for books.
He referred to a case of this kind at the other end
of the Capitol. Here we are called on to purchase
this work at the rate of $2 50 per volume, without
any justification from the necessary connection it
has with our duties, or without any request from
the heads of the departments.
Mr. VINTON here intimated that the work was
originally undertaken at the suggestion of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed. There was some
truth in the statement, that Dr. Mayo had been,
permitted to go through the departments, and
make his examinations by Mr. Secretary Walker.
But ail the information contained in this book was
to be found in the departments. The work had
been presented to the notice of Congress again
and agein. It had been pressed on the House for
the last five years. And, finally, that Dr. Mayo, by
dint of perseverance, going to the rooms of members,
and following them from place to place, had con-
trived to dispose of a good many copies of his
book. Perhaps he has yet about twelve hundred
left on hand, which he wants to dispose of in this
way. If works of this kind are to be encouraged,
it should be by direction of the House, or by an ap-
propriation beforehand. He was against the ap-
propriation for this book. It was true u contained
information, but it was such information as was
always to be obtained at the departments. The
Department of the Interior having been established
since this book was printed, will require the issue
of a new edition. There will, in the course of a
few years, be a new edition brought out, and Con-
gress will be called on to pay the cost of reprinting.
There was another ground on which he objected
to this proposition. We appropriated ncertam sum
for the contingencies of the various departments.
For the Department of the Interior $5,000 had been
appiopnated for the purchase of books, &c. Now,
if the Secretary of the Interior should consider
this to be a valuable work, he will purchase it out
of this fund over which he has the control. So
the other departments and bureaus, and the
custom-houses, if they think the work worth hav-
ing, will purchase it. All of them have the means
in their hands, and can buy the book if they wish.
He believed that there was not one of the depart-
ments here which was not already m possession
of the book. It is to be found in most of the com-
mittee rooms. He would not, therefore, give Ins
consent to this proposition to purchase the work.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
submitted by Mr. Rumsey, to strike out the clause,
and it was agreed to.
So the clause was stricken out.
The following clause of the biil was then read
by the Clerk, viz:
"For completing the eastern wing of the Patent Office
building according to the original plan, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, one hundred and ten thou-
sand dollar*, to be pai:l out ot the patent fund, if &o much
ot said fund remains unappropriated, and if not, the exee&s
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated."
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the clause by adding the following proviso:
u Provided, That before any part of this appropriation
shall he expended, the Piesident of the United Mates shall
appoint an experienced and competent peivon to examine
Uie present condmon of the building, compaie the work
already executed with the specification* m the contract,
and report under oath whether ihe woik is being executed
in conloumty with ttie eontiact, and vvhcihu any gieater
 um has been paid than the piogiess ot the work juMifies.
And it shall hp within the disfretion of the President to di-
rect the whole, or any part, of this appropriation to be with-
held."
Mr. B. said, that in offering this amendment he
had no other design than simply to protect, as far
as possible, the public interests. So far as he
knew, the contractors engaged m this work were
gentlemen of respectability. He did not intend
to cast the slightest reflection on them. But it was
well known here that rumors were abroad to the
effect that this important work was not being ex-
ecuted in a proper manner, or in accordance with
the original contract. If theie was any giound
for this rumor, it was very certain that the public
money was being impropeily expended. Some
investigation into the matter appeared to him to be
necessary. He thought that the President ought
to employ some competent person to examine
whether there was any cause for these allegations.
Such an examination might be made in four-and-
twenty hours, and it would kave the effect either
of substantiating or putting down these rumors.
Mr. MOORE moved to strike from the clause
proposed to be amended the words, " to be paid
out of the patent fund, if so much of said fund re-
mains unappropriated; and if not, the excess out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated."
He said he considered that great injustice had
hitherto been done'to the mechanical interests of
the United States by taking this Patent Office fund
and applying it to the erection of these buildings.
Mr. BAYLY said,hehoped the committee would
