1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
Iowa, asking: the establishment of a mail-route
from Keokuck in that State, to St. Francisville in
Missouri; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post-Office and Post.Roads.
Mr. D. also presented two remonstrances from
citizens of Iowa, against any change in the mail-
route from Keosangua to Bloomfiefd in thatSCate;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. D. also presented a communication, ad-
dressed to the Senators,of Iowa, by M. H. Clark,
and others, citizens of Iowa city, in favor of the
establishment of a marine hospital at Rock Island,
in the Mississippi river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented four petitions of citizens
of Iowa and Illinois, asking the removal of ob-
structions to the navigation of the Mississippi at
the upper and lower rapids; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, asking a grant of land for the use of the
branch of the Sute University of Iowa, estab-
lished  t Fairfield in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, asking a grant of public land to that State,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Da-
venport to Council Bluffs; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
THE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the proceedings of
the Chamber of Commerce of New York, con-
sisting of a report submitted to the chamber, with
a resolution expressing its approbation of the re-
port. These proceedings relate to the warehous-
ing system.
I beg leave to state, that the report will be found
a very able argument against the abandonment of
the system, which, it contends, is eminently im-
portant for promoting the growth of commerce in
that city, and in the United States. The report
insists, that the expense of the system ought not
to be regarded as a conclusive argument against
the perseverance in it, because there has not yet
been adequate time to develop its usefulness.
The report recommends some modifications of
the system, one of which is, that the bonds shall
be taken from merchants without security—the
goods being deemed sufficient security; another
modification suggested, is, that the time during
which goods shall be held in warehouse, shall be
extended to three years; and another, that the sys-
tem of valuation shall be changed, so as to adopt an
ad valorem valuation at the time the goods are with-
drawn from the warehouse. It contains also other
important suggestions. Without expressing any
opinion for myself upon a subject so important, I
deem it proper to call the attention of the Com-
mittee on Finance to this report; and I have made
the explanation for the purpose of submitting a
motion, that the proceedings be printed. I now
move that they be printed, and referred to the
Finance Committee.
The papers were so referred, and ordered to be
printed.
THE CENSUS BOARD.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked leave to make a
short personal explanation; which being unani-
mously granted, he said:
In noticing the report of my remarks, made on
Friday last, I have discovered that, as reported in
the Union, they are calculated to reflect upon the
census board. I have deemed it my duty, there-
fore, to make a more particular inquiry into the
facts which I assumed when my remarks were
made, and I have ascertained that my information
was very incorrect, and I now desire to place my-
self rectus in curia. I have visited the printing
office of Mr. Gideon this morning, and there
learned that about four hundred reams of paper
have been used up in printing the tables for the
seventh census; that each ream contains about
four hundred and fifty sheets; and that the printing
has been suspended since about the last of Janu-
uary, at the instance of the census board. I have
further ascertained, that nearly the whole of the
printing which has been done, was performed upon
schedules Nos. 1,2, and 3, and that only about two
reamsof paper have been used in printing schedules
Nos 4, 5,and 6. Underaknowledgeof these facts,
there is no foundation for the suggestion that the
census board could have intended, by hastening
the printing, to operate upon Congress in a manner
to induce this and the other branch to adopt the
tables of the census board, in preference to those
prepared by the census committee of the Senate.
I regret very much that, laboring under the im-
pressions produced upon my mind by what tran-
spired in the discussion here, I have made remarks
which I find can only be justified by a state of
facts that 1 have since ascertained do not exist.
The chairman of the census committee, and my-
self, have had a conference and comparison of
tables, and we find very little difference between
the tables of the committee and schedules Nos. I,
2, 3, and 4, of the census board. I am willing
to take the schedules Nos. 2, 2, 3, and 4, of the
census board, and the printing of these, so far as
it has been performed. There is very little print-
ing done upon schedules 5 and 6. I therefore
condemn myself for the suggestion that there was
any motive, in any quarter, to force the adoption
of the work of the census board upon Congress,
by the manner in which the $10,000, heretofore
appropriated, have been spent, or by the quantity
of printing which has been done.
I learnt that $6,000 of the §10,000 have been
paid for paper, under a contract by which 3,000
reams have been contracted for at per ream,
and that no part of the money has yet been ex-
pended for printing.
Mr. CLARKE. The explanation just made
by the Senator from Kentucky is perfectly satis-
factory; but I apprehend he has not seen all the
report of his remarks which has. been made and
published in the Union of yesterday. I beg leave
to call his attention to that report, for I am quite
sure that, wilh his feelings on the subject, he is
incapable of making such an imputation as this,
and would be unwilling that a false impression
of his remarks should go out into <he community.
In the Union of yesterday, he is reported to have
said, in the course of his remarks on Friday:
" And then before Congress could act upon the work of
the committee, and act upon the motion wiw h my friend
behind me [Mr. Dawson'] makes, as rrpieseimng that
board, they ^o on and tteieoiype our woi k in part, and
theirs in part, and print some hundred ihoiiMisd yheet*, to
foiccit through Congnss with the ideaoj obtaining ten thou-
sand dollars "
Now, I am sure the Senator from Kentucky
cannot have intended to cast such a censure as
this on the gentlemen composing the census board.
I call his attention to the way in which this pas-
sage reads, as I am quite sure he did not intend
to east any personal reflections on those gentle-
men, or to have referred to them in any other
than the kindest manner,"and with the kindest
feelings.
Mr. UNDERWOOD I never used any such
language. The reporter must have mistaken me
altogether in supposing that I intended to charge
the census boatd with being actuated by the
£[ idea of obtaining ten thousand dollars." It
was impossible for them to pocket any such sum.
They could gam nothing in the way of money. I
made no such charge, and I repudiate the expres-
sions put into my mouth by the reporter. My
friend fiom Rhode Island [Mr. Clarke] desired
this morning to call my attention to something in
reference to my remarks made on Friday; but I
refused to hear him until after I should have made
the explanation I designed. I thank him for call-
ing my attention to this paiticular extract, which
is as unjust to me as it is to the census board.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the memorial
of certain settlers in Louisiana, within the limits
of the Baron de Bastrop's grant, submitted a re-
port, which was ordered to«be printed, accompa-
nied by a bill for the settlement of certain classes
of private land claims within the limits of the
Baron de Bastrop's grant, and for allowing pre-
emption to certain actual settlers, in the event
of the final adjudication of the title of the said
Bastrop in favor of the United States; which was
read and passed to the second reading,
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to enable the President
to negotiate with the Indians of the prairies, south
and west of the Missouri river, to the northern hne
of the State of Texas, embracing the Indians of
tl)e mountains, and including those of New Mex-
ico; which was read and passed, to the second
reading.
Mr. A. also submitted documents relating to the
subject; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
officers and crew of the revenue cutter Hamilton,
asking that the naval pension laws may be ex-"
tended to the revenue service, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the resolution of the
Senate, to print 1,000 additional copies of the re-
port of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, for the use of said office, reported m favor
of the same; which was concurred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
J. H. Pulte, in relation to the establishment of a
line of telegraph around tliewoild, reported agaim>t
the same; which was concurred in.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the memorial of
the citizens and residents of the valley of the Rio
Grande, asking the establishment of a territorial
government, reported against the same; which was
concurred in.
THE WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution to author-
ize the payment of' $12,000 to the Winnebago
Indians.
Mr. JONES. Mr. President, I move that the
Senate proceed at once to the consideration of that
joint resolution.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, a word of expla-
nation. I wish merely to say, that the reason for
its consideration being asked for at this time by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jon'ks,] arises from the
fact that these Indians, or a portion of them,
through want, are leaving their new homes beyond
the Mississippi, and coming back to luwa and
Wisconsin; and it is important to them, therefore,
and to the people of the territory, that thev should
be relieved—at least as far as this appropriation
will go.
The joint resolution was then taken up, and
considered as in Committer of the Whole, and
no amendment beinsr offered, it was reported to
the Senate and otdeted to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The queston.being on ordering it to a third read-
ing,
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire whether a re-
port of the f.icts accompanies the resolution ?
Mr. BELL. I will state, for the information
of the Senator, that, by a treaty made with the
Winnebago Indians m 1837, there was a fund of
$200,000 to be paid to them. It was in part to go
in payment of their debts, but it contain* d an ex-
piess piohibition of the payment out of it of any
antecedent claims against the tribe for depreda-
tions committed by them. The delegation from
the tribei on their way home, after the treaty had
been made and ratified, when they arrived at Pitts-
burg, executed a recognition to John McFarland,
then alive, for a debt of §12,000, for depredations
alleged by him to have been committed by them as
far back as 1812. Mr. McFarland is repiesented
to have presented his claim to the conimisMoneis
to make payments under this tieaty, and the if-
eugmtion of the debt made, by the delegation who
made the treaty, after the treaty had been iatified.
It was rejected on the ground of the express popu-
lation in the treaty, that the fund should he appro-
priated to no such object. After the d^ath ri£
McFarland, his representatives again presented a
claim against the Government, founded on the re-'
coomtion, and finally Mr. Secretary Porter, in
1824—the papers ate on the table—recognized the
claim, and ordered it to be paid, in the fiist place,
out of the, intercourse fund, but there being none
such, the order was changed, and it was actually
paid out of the Indian annuity. Now this is the
demand on the part of the Wmnebagoes, thatthey
be refunded this amounttaken in this manner from
their annuities. -
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was read a third time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BALDWIN submitted the following reso-
lation"; which lies over one day, under the rules:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce tie directed
to inquire whether any legi-lati n liy Congress la necessary
to afford to the colored ntixens uf auy Stats who ruay, m
