1642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 23,
not agree to the amendment. It was precisely
the same effort that was made on the occasion of
passing the deficiency bill, to throw the burden of
the expense of erecting these Patent Office build-
ings upon the Treasury of the United States.
It was said that it was doing injustice to patentees
to take the Patent Office fund for this purpose. The
answer that he had to give to that was, that it was
those very persons who were interested in having
the buildings erected They were for the pres-
ervation and protection of the interests of those
very persons. This Government had expended
$416,000 for the erection of the old part of the Pat-
ent Office building, and he thought it was asking
rather too much, to ask this Government to defray
the expense of erecting the new buildings. He
was aware that it was desired by some to preserve
the Patent Office fund for the purpose of getting up
an annual exhibition of agricultural and mechani-
cal productions, and to give premiums for inven-
tions. It was a scheme to create a little eclat. The
exclusive use of the.patent, he thought, would be
quite stimulus enough to encourage inventions.
He hoped the committee -vould treat this propo-
sition as they had treated similar ones when the
deficiency bill was under consideration. If the
amendment of the gentleman should prevail, he
notified the committee now, that he would exert
every particle of influence that he possessed to
strike out the whole appropriation.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Moore, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANLY expressed the hope that the
amendment would not be agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK, to enable him to make a
remark, moved to strike out the words " Presi-
dent of the United States." He desired to say,
tha> tnis building was now being constructed
under the direction of theSecretary of the Interior,
as honest and upright a man, he thought, as
Pennsylvania or an other State could produce.
His duty it was to see that the building was put up
according to the stipulations of the contract. And
now it was proposed to direct the President to
set somebody else to watch the Secretary, to see
whether he attended to his duty in supervising
the work, and taking care that it should be done
as it ought to be. It was a reflection upon the \
Secretary; it implied a doubt as to whether he i
would faithfully perform his duty. The building !
hitherto had been constructed under the superin- !
tendence of a former Secretary of the Interior, and j
it certainly seemed to him to be a very invidious !
and unjust proceeding upon the coming into office i
of a new Socretarv, to take from him the charge i
of this work. He for one was not disposed to j
assume in advance that the Secretary would not :
discharge this duty properly. j
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, said that he
had great confidence in theSecretary of the Interior,
but it could not be expected that, he could discharge
this in addition to all the other duties which de-
volved upon him. And it was a general rumor
that the work had not been conducted according to
the stipulations of the contract. It was for these
reasons that he desired, before $110,000 more was j
aporopriated to be expended upon this building, i
that the progress of the work should be carefully j
inquired into. No possible harm could arise from I
it at all events. And it implied no reflection on j
the Secretary at all; certainly no such thing was !
intended. :
The question was taken on the amendment ofi
the gentleman from Ohio, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Mississippi. Tellers were
demanded.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to strike out the words
" under oath." He made this motion, he said, for
the purpose of enabling him to call the attention of
the committee to this point. The gentleman from I
Mississippi had stated that there were rumors j
afloat that the construction of this building; had not ;
been conducted according to the stipulations of the j
contract, and because of these rumors, and believ-
ing that the Secretary of the Interior had not done
his duty, the gentleman was desirous that a com-
missioner should be appointed by the President of I
the United States to supervise the work. Now,
in the first place, (continued Mr. S.,) suppose that
the same Secretary was in office as when these ru-
mors were set afloat.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, rose to a point of or-
] der. His point of order was, that the gentleman
| did not confine his remarks to the amendment that
he had proposed.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Burt) stated to the
gentleman from Ohio that it was necessary that
his remarks should be confined to an explanation
of the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK said, if the gentleman from Il-
linois had waited a moment he would have seen
the connection there was between his remarks
and the amendment that he had moved, viz: to
strike out the words "under oath." According
to the wording of the amendment of the gentleman
from Mississippi, there would appear to be an
entire want of confidence in the Secretary of the
Interior. If the gentleman entertained that want
of confidence in relation to the last Secretary, it
was no reason why he should cast an implied cen-
sure upon the present incumbent of that office. If
there was any such rumor as the gentleman had
alluded to, he would undertake to say that it was
without foundation, and it was clearly not justified
by any facts or showing in the possession of this
committee. Such action as was here proposed, on
the part of the House, he thought could not be
justified by a reference to the present condition of
things.
The gentleman proposed, in effect, to declare to
the Secretary of the Interior, this; Among the
duties confided to you is to act as commissioner
to supervise the construction of the Patent Office
building. We have no confidence in you, and do
not believe that you will discharge this duty faith-
fully; we therefore call upon the President, not to
do it himself, but to appoint somebody else to act
in the capacity ofcommissioner, to do this business
that you were appointed to do. Our intention is
to take it out of your hands, and thus we want to
give you to understand, in advance, when entering
upon the discharge of the duties of head of the
Department of the Interior, that we consider you
unfit to dischaige all the varioua trusts committed
to you Now, so far as the oath of office was
concerned, he supposed the oath of the head of
a department was as good as the oath of a com-
missioner to be appointed by the President.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (availing:
himself of the privilege conferred by the rule of
of speaking in opposition to the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio,) said he was opposed to that
amendment and m favor of the amendmentoffered,
by his colleague.
He could not understand why it was that ob-
jection should be made to calling upon the Presi-
dent in this case, to see that the law was faithfully
executed. Was it a reflection upon the Secretary
to call upon the President to see whether his sub-
ordinates did their duty? If the duty was prop-
erly discharged, it would afford satisfaction to
everybody to know that fact; if it was not prop-
erly discharged, it was due to the interests of the
Government that the defect should be remedied.
He knew that there were complaints existing, and
he thought it was but an act of justice to theTresi-
dent, and an act of justice to the Secretary of the
Interior himself—indeed, an act of justice to all
parties, that an investigation should be made. He
could see no reasonable objection to such a course.
I The question was taken on the motion of the
| gentleman from Ohio, to strike out the words,
" under oath," and it was rejected.
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky, in order to en-
able him to make some remarks, moved to strike
out the word " inquiry." He said he had under-
stood at the commencement of this session of Con-
gress, that there was a controversy carried on be-
tween those who had obtained the contract, and
those who were disappointed in not getting it—
those who were unsuccessful applicants for it.
These unsuccessful applicants, he understood, had
been annoying the contractors by setting afloat all
sorts of false rumors, by means of publications in
the newspapers and conversations, to the effect that
the work was not properly conducted. And this
very proposition, he had reason to believe, though
he would not assert that it was so, was brought
forward for the purpose of disturbing the con-
tract. It was a proposition that he could not vote
for. He professed to know something about work
of this kind, for he had been engaged in this de-
scription of work himself, for twelve years, and he
knew when work wa3 done well and when it was
not. He had visited this Patent Office building,
now in process of erection, half a dozen times,
and he could say, from his own experience as a
bricklayer, that the work was done properly; and
not only that, but well done. Materials of the best
quality were used, and the work itself was done
with great care. It was about the best work he
had ever seen done in this city. He did not know
what the specifications of the contract were, but
he knew that the work was first-rate and highly
creditaole to those who were engaged in it. He
would say further, that he did not know any of
those who were engaged in the work, so that the
opinion that he had given was wholly unbiased.
Mr. CHANDLER said, he desired to say a
single word in defence of the gentlemen whose
names appeared on the list of a committee of that
House whose duty it was to look after works of
this description. Among them he found the name
of his colleague, [Mr. Ross,] and other gentlemen
of high standing-.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, rose to a question of
order. His point of order was, that the gentleman
was not confining his remarks to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN remarked to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and to the committee, that the
rule required that a gentleman moving an amend-
ment should confine his remarks exclusively to
the support of that amendment; and a gentleman
opposing the amendment, should restrict his re-
marks exclusively to the reasons for his opposi-
tion. But it was quite impossible for the Chair to
rule a gentleman out of order for remarks which
to him did not seem pertinent. The Chair trusted
that gentlemen would confine themselves to a s'rict
observance of the rule according to their construc-
tion of its meaning.
Mr. CHANDLER (resuming) said, the gentle-
man from Illinois must be aware that all speeches
required an exordium, an argument, and a perora-
tion. He had just got through his exprdium, and
was coming to the argument. He was opposed
to striking out the word "inquiry." That was
the motion of the gentleman, he believed. He was
opposed to it because he considered it an insidious
attack upon the gentlemen who compose a com-
mittee of this House—he meant the Committee on
Expenditures on -the Public Buildings, whose duty
it was to supervise all these expenditures. He
was glad to know from the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that he was, from his own experience, ca-
pable of judging of the quality of this work, and
that it was well done. He trusted the House
would not act so unjustly as to pass a vote of cen-
sure upon a committee of the House, by requiring
the President of the United States to be himself
the master mason in this work.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] to
strike out the word "inquiry,"and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
gentleman from Mississippi, and tellers (having
been previously demanded) were ordered and ap-
pointed.
The tellers having counted the votes, reported
50 in the affirmative and 71 in the negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read:
" For the collection of agricultural statistic?, three thou-
sand five hundred dollars, lo be paid out ot the patent
fund."
Mr. JOHN A. KING moved to increase this
item of appropriation to $4,500. He desired to
say a few words in support of this amendment. It
would be seen that the amount reported for agri-
cultural statistics was the same as had been appro-
priated last year; but from information derived
from persons connected with the business of col-
lecting those statistics and the arrangement of the
matter, he was led to believe that the appropria-
tion was too small. He felt, himself, a deep in-
terest in a work of this character, and he had no
doubt a large portion of the members of that
House felt a like interest; for those whom they
represented unquestionably weie deeply interested
in the matter. He put it to the House whether
they should hesitate for a moment about the addi-
tion of a thousand dollars, in order to have this
work accomplished in a creditable manner. He
held in his hand a volume just published by the
State of New York, at an expense to that State of
$8,000, on the same subject, It was the transac-
tions of the State Agricultural Society. He would
be glad if every gentleman would examine it. It
was in aid of such a cause that he asked for this
addition to the appropriation, and he thought that
