1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1648
this House should not hesitate a moment about
making the appropriation.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE said, he would move to strike
out the words " to be paid out of the patentfund,"
for the purpose of* enabling him to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
how this money appropriated in the preceding par-
agraph was to be paid ?
Mr. BAYLY'S reply to the inquiry was not
heard by the reporter.
Mr. WHITE (continuing) said: Well, then,
it amounts to nothing; and we might as well strike
out this second clause.
Mr. BAYLY said, he objected to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, and he
begged the committee to remark, that the gentle-
man availed himself of a doubt, in order to assert a
most dangerous and unconstitutional principle.
He was not willing, for the mere purpose of re-
moving a doubt, where really none existed, that
this precedent should be made.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, and it was re-
jected.
The Clerk read the following clause, viz:
il For defraying the expenses of the chemical analysis of
vegetable substances produced and used for the tood of
man and animals in the United States, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Commissioner of Patents, $1,000,
to be prud out of the patent fund."
Mr. MEADE offered the following amendment,
to come in after the word analysis," viz: " of
soils and manures, and."
Mr. HOLM ES inquired (playfully) of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, whether he meant free soil?
The question was taken on the proposed amend-
ment, and it was rejected.v
Mr. MEADE then moved to strike out the
whole clause.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following clause, viz :
(< For payment of the instalment and inteicj=t which will
fall due on the 30th oi May, 1841, urtder the 12th aiticle of
the ueaty between the United States and Mexico, made and
concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on 2d Febiuary, 184b,
$3,060,000 "
Mr. HOLMES objected to this appropriation.
It was prohibited, he said, by the 87th rule.
Mr. BAYLY said, that if the gentleman would
allow him to interpose for a moment, he would
say that he intended himself to move to strike out
this item of appropriation. When it was put into
the bill, it was done by inadvertence.
Mr. HOLMES. What I intended to say was,
that Homer sometimes sleeps; in the original it is
" bonus ahquando dormitat Homerusand the hon-
orable chauman of the Committee of Ways and
Means might be in the same category. [A laugh.]
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Bayly to strike out, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said, he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to amend
the bill by inserting, after line 936, the following:
" For expenses in running and marking tne boundary line
between the United States and Mexico, and paying the
salaries of officers ot the commission, $100,000."
And to insert the following, viz:
" For expenses of running and marking the houndaiy lute
between the United States and Mexico, making the exami-
nations contemplated by the sixth aiticle of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, and paying the salanes ot the officers of
the commission, $130,000."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said, he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment, viz:
" Foi compensation due Lieutenant George Thorn, of
the United States Corps of Topographical Engineer*, while
acting upon the Northeastern boundary, duung the^ years
184JJ, 1S44, and 1845, lor Ins necessary uav< hng>ud other
personal expenses, as authorized by the Secretaiy of State,
He desired to explain, in a few words, that when
the Northeastern boundary line was about to be
run, an appropriation was made by Congress of a
sum of money for that purpose, which was placed
under the control of the Secretary of State. This
appropriation was to defray the expenses of run-
ning the boundary line. The Secretary had di-
rected that the officers employed in the field should
receive this pay, in addition to the other pay to
which they were entitled. Colonels Graham and
Emory had received their pay under this direction
of the Secretary. But there was some delay in the
adjustment of Lieutenant Thorn's accounts, in con-
sequence of which he had not received his pay
according to this arrangement. The books had
been settled up, and the sum due to Lieutenant
Thom had gone back into the Treasury.
Mr. JONES insisted that the amendment was
not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. That is the precise point.
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia is
out of order in rising to debate the point of order.
The present amendment is identical with the one
before offered by the gentleman from Virginia, by
instruction of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which the Chair decided to be out of order. But
an appeal having been taken from that decision, it
was reversed by the committee. The Chair, there-
fore, decides the amendment to be in order.
Mr. JONES said, he would then oppose the
amendment, on the ground that this was the case
of an officer of the topographical corps, who had
received his pay as such, and that this was an ad-
dition to his pay not contemplated or authorized
by law.
The question was about to be taken, when tel-
lers were demanded and granted. Mr.MEACHAM
and Mr. Disney were appointed tellers, and the
vote was announced—ayes 85, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move the fol-
lowing amendments:
" For the pay of draftsmen and assistants to the head of
the scientific corps employed in copying and recording)
($7,000;) the rent of rooms employed for assistants to the
head of the scientific corps engaged in recording, copying,
and including fuel for the same, ($o0(J;) attendance onv
office rooms, and expenses ot cmplojmg mepsenaers,'
($500;) purchase ot dt swing paprr and other necessary
di awing matwial* and office furniture, ($375;) stationery
for office use, (.$100;) mileage and expen^o o( officers. em-
ployed m examinations required on the fiondetsof Vermont
and New York, (■§840;) lor a survey and examination of
of that poition of the line Ivmg on the northern frontier
Vermont and New York, embracing hire of men and their
transportation and subsistence, hire of horses and basgaee
wagons, camp equipage and its transportation, purchase of
instruments and all contingencies, ($5,0'iu ;) and the com-
pensation of two private soldiers for their services a? drafts-
men in reconstructing maps; making in all the sum of
$15,430."
Mr. BAYLY requested the attention of the
committee while he made an explanation of this
amendment.
Mr. JONES contended that the amendment was
out of order
Mr. BAYLY asked permission to state a fact,
and then the Chair would be able to decide the
point of order. During the last Congress, a law
was passed authorizing the reconstruction of the
maps and charts of the Northeastern boundary
surveys, which had been destroyed by fire in thts
city. This amendment merely gives the appropri-
ation necessary to complete the work.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
in order.
Mr. BAYLY desired to make a further explana-
tion. In the treaty made with the British Gov-
ernment, called the treaty of Washington, for the
settlement ofthe Northeastern boundary, there was
a provision requiring that an accurate survey mark-
ing the boundary line, should be made. Colonel
Graham was placed at the head of this survey, and
Congress ordered that all the maps and charts con-
nected with this boundary survey, should be en-
graved. In a fire which took place in this city
in 1848, the whole of these maps and charts were
destroyed. An act was afterwards passed author-
izing an appropriation for the purpose of retouch-
ing; and finishing these charts. Some of them had
been completed. But it was found necessary that
some of the ground should be gone over aa:ain. A
gentleman who wa« engaged in a part of the survey
between thp New York and Vermont lines, had,
subsequently been killed in Mexico, and his field
notes could not be understood by any other per-
son. That part ofthe ground, therefore, must be
resurveyed, and itis for this purpose that the pres-
ent appropriation is required. Another object of the
appropriation was to pay the civilians engaged in
reconstructing the maps. The Committee of Ways
and Means, after examining the law of 1842, had
come to the decision that it was functus officio t and
they had, therefore, excluded the officers from this
appropriation, and determined only to pay the
civilians.
Mr, JONES moved to amend the amendment,
by substituting in lieu thereof the following, viz:
" For the purpose of enabling the Secretary ot State to
procure an authentic copy ot the map, showing the demar-
cation of boundary under the treaty ot Washington, of Au-
gust 9, 1842, a sum not exceeding ten thousand dollars."
Mr. JONES stated that by the treaty of the 9th
of August, 1842, it was provided that a commis-
sioner on the partof the United States, and a com-
missioner on the part of Great Britain, should be
appointed to srirvey, run and mark the boundary
line between the territories of the two countries,
it was provided in that treaty that these commis-
sioners should under their seals, certify the cor-
rectness of the chart, when it was completed.
Thus the survey went on, and in time was finished,
and the maps were completed by the respective
commissioners. Those which were made for our
Government were destroyed by a fire which took
place in this District, before they had been removed
from the office of the Topographical Engineers to
the department. An appropriation of $10,000
was inserted m the appropriation bill of that year
for the purpose of restoring these maps. The
Topographical Engineers, with Colonel Graham
at their head, were completing these new maps.
Now he wished to be informed what would be the
use of these maps when finished? It was the au-
thentication of the maps which was all that was
necessary. An authenticated copy could be ob-
tained from the British Government, which might
be deposited in the State Department, where it
could always be resorted to in case of necessity.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means appiopriated $5,000 for a resurvey of part
of this line. He wished to know whether we had
any authority to institute this resurvey ? He de-
nied that we had any.
Mr. VINTON made an explanation, which was
inaudible to the reporter. He was understood to
say, that there was an authenticated map in one of
the departments. As to the maps and charts which
had been destroyed, he saw no other way of re-
placing them than by resorting to the notes of
our officers, and where they were lost, to make a
resurvev.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out $10,000and insert-
ing $20,000, and pay for work already done upon
them.
He said that this was notnowaquestion wheth-
er we should authorize the preparation of maps
and charts. They are already obtained, and al-
most completed. He had called this morning to
see them. There were thirty of these maps exe-
cuted m the most beautiful style. All of them, ex-
cept three, were completed; and he would chal-
lenge any country to produce a more beautiful se-
ries of maps. An appropriation of a few more
thousands was all that was now required to com-
plete them.
Mr. K- wished to state a fact which would be
interesting to some of the members of this House.
At the time of the fire, these fir-id notes were pre-
served in consequence of a regulation made by
Mr. Calhoun, who had directed that whenever
any officer took notes, he should deposit those
notes in one place, and the maps in another, so
that, in case of fire, both might not be lost. Unded
this order, Colonel Graham put away his notes
separate from the maps, and thus the notes were
saved. The maps were now almost finished. He
wished also to state another fact: A summary of
all these maps had been prepared on a single sheet
of drawing paper, in a style of surpassing beauty,
by a private soldier. He made this statement
with pride. It would have given him still greater
gratification if he could have said that he was an
American. But this work, which was extraordi-
nary for the skill with which it was executed, was
the work of a German. It was a mistake, there-
fore, to suppose that the means of renewing these
maps were wanting in this country, or that it was
necessary to go to England for duplicates of
them; we could supply them ourselves, and ofthe
most beautiful workmanship, as was now proved.
Mr. JONES inquired if the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had stated that the original
map of the line of demarcation between the two
countries was in one of the departments ?
Mr. VINTON was understood to reply that it
was in the State Department.
Mr. JON ES intimated that this must be a mistake;
that the original map was lost in the fire of 1846.
