550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
The bill was then referred to the Committed on
the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Michigan, relative to certain donations of land
heretofore granted to Actual residents or inhabit-
ants of the then Territory of Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYLY now renewed the motion, that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the de-
ficiency bill.
The question having been taken and decide^ in
the affirmative,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Boyd, of
Kentucky, in the chair.)
CALIFORNIA.
The CHAIRMAN announced the unfinished
business before the committee to be the special
message of the President of the United States,
transmitting the constitution of California, and of
the bill heretofore introduced by Mr. Doty, pro-
viding for her admission as a State into the Union.
And the CHAIRMAN announced that the gen-
tleman from Oregon,
Mr. THURSTON, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. Thurston yielding for the
purpose) moved that the committee proceed to the
consideiation of the deficiency bill.
Mr. THURSTON desired, he said, to be in-
formed on what ground he yielded the floor?
The reply of the Churman was not heard.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the California
message, &c., should belaid aside informalIy,and
that the committee should, by general consent,
proceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BAYLY again made hts motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to be informed
by the Chair, what would be the effect of that
motion? Mu.st not the first question be on laying
aside the California bill?
TheCHAIRMAN made a remark not heard.
Mr. WENTWORTH hoped, he said, that the
motion would he put in the proper form.
The CHAIRMAN said that the Califogiia bill
would be first in order.
Mr. VINTON said that, to avoid difficulty
hereafter, he would suggest that, instead of taking
a vote on laying aside the bill, it should be laid
aside informally, bv common consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to be informed
by the Chair whether, if the delmte on the Cali-
fornia bill was closed, the deficiency biil would
then be in order?
The CHAIRMAN said he did not know how
the bill stood upon the calendar.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he should insist on
the regular order.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested that, by the rule of
the House, the business m Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union must he taken
up in the order of its reference; but that, when a
a bill was under consideration, any member might
object to proceeding with its consideration, and
might move to take up any other bill. If the
committee should take up other business, the bill
originally under consideration would be laid aside
for that day, and any gentleman entitled to the
floor upon it, would be entitled to speak whenever
the subject should again be taken up.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and was decided in the affirmative.
So the special message of the President, and the
California bill, were laid aside.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee take up
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. .TONES rose to a question of order. He did
not think, he said, that a majority of the commit-
tee had a right to pass over ail business in this
way, and to take up any special business. By
reference to the rules, it would be seen that it was
provided that business in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union should be taken up in
its Older.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call the gentleman to order.
The question has been taken, and decided.
Mr. JONES. And it is upon that decision that
1 am making the question of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is too late. The
question has been put by the Chair, and decided.
The gentleman cannot raise his point of order now
—it is too late. It should have been submitted be-
fore the question was taken.
Mr. JONES, r do not allow that a majority
can dispose of the public business in this way.
The business must be taken up in its order, unless
objection is made.
Some conversation followed between the Chair
and Mr. Jones—when the conversation ended.
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill " to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, 1850."
The bill was read through, and several clerical
errors were, on the motion of Mr. Bayly, cor-
rected.
.The bill was then taken up by sections.
Mr. BAYLY said he did not rise to presentany
remarks at length upon this bill. It was what it
purported to be, a bill to supply deficiencies of
appropriations for objects already authorized by
law. But he had to suggest to the committee, and
to urge upon them most earnestly, that they would
not, upon this bill, undertake to go into the gen-
eral subjects of debate, which were now bemgdis-
cussed in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, upon the California message. That
message would come up again as soon as this bill
should be disposed of. It was an appropriation
bill which ought to pass. He hoped gentlemen
would defer (in imitation of the example set by
the gentleman from Oregon) any general debate
until they got through with this bill. And he
must also say in advance, that he might not be
considered discourteous to any member who should
get the floor, that if gentlemen attempted to go into
a general debate in reference to California, New
Mexico, slavery, &c., upon this bill, he should
make the point Of order. But lie hoped he should
be saved from this unpleasant necessity, by the
general concunence of the committee, and that the
debate would be confined to the merits of the bill
under consideration.
Mr. MOORE said he was not acquainted with
the general merits of the bill, but there was one
item m which he felt a good deal of interest.
The CHAIRMAN suggested that the bill would
be considered by sections, and that any section
could be amended when it should be reached.
The first and several succeeding sections were
read and passed without objection.
FIRST COMPTROLLER'S OFFICE.
The following section being under consideration,
viz :
For the Ralary of one messenger in the office of
the First Comptroller, from the 1st July, 1849,
to 30th June, 185U, $700,
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the section.
He said by the act passed at the last session,
creating the Department of the Interior, certain of
the dunes of the First Comptroller were trans-
ferred to that department, and the messenger of
the First Comptroller was transferred with them.
The Comptroller had transferred the messenger in
accoi dance with the law, and then without author-
ity of law, had filled the vacancy tf us created by
the appointment of another messenger, and this
was a proposition to sanction that unauthorized
act, and create another officer.
Mr. BAYLY said that what the gentleman from
Tennessee had said was perfectly true ; but from
the transfer of this messenger from the office of the
First Comptroller, had arisen an indispensable ne-
cessity for the appointment of a new messenger.
The law creating this new department had been
enacted upon the last night of the session—a
good deal in a hurry, and there were omissions in
it in many particulars. For instance, there was
no appropriation paying the salaries of any of the
clerks, and hence it was that this bill was necessary
to pay them. Now, in the office of the Secretary
of the Interior, from the fact that his business was
so distributed about m other departments, it had
been indispensable that they should have more mes-
sengers than had been provided for. In view of
these facts, the Committee of Ways and Means
had sanctioned this action. But the matter was
now fairly stated to the committee, and they could
make whatever disposition of it they chose.
Mr. JONES said that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had stated that the act creating the Depart-
ment of the Interior had passed on the last night
of the session, and did not make the necessary ap-
propriations for paying the salaries of the officers
by that act created. He (Mr. J.1) was perfectly
willing that, in this deficiency bill, appropriations
should be made, and he thought they ought to be
made, to pay the salaries of all officers created by
that act, and for the payment of whose salaries no
appropriation had been made. But it was not a
mistake of the Congress which had passed that
bill, and created this department, that there was
a failure to create more officers. It was not be-
cause of the lateness of the session that they had
not, but, having transferred many duties formerly
devolved upon the First Comptroller to the Com-
missioner of Customs, they had transferred some
of the clerical force, and also the messenger. The
First Comptroller, then, without authority of law,
after this transfer of messenger from him, had
made another messenger for his own office. It
was this unauthorized and illegal act against which
he protested.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Jones, and decided in the negative—ayes 33, noes
not counted.
So the committee refused to strike out the sec-
tion.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
The following item being under consideration,
For salary of the chief clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Interior, from the 9th March,
1849, to 30th June, 1850, at the rate of $2,000 per
annum, #2,719 17,
Mr. HAMPTON moved an amendment as fol-
lows: Strike out the above paragraph, and insert,
u For salaries of chief cleik, and other clerks in
the office of the Secretary of the Interior, from the
9th March, 1849, to the 30th June, 1850, the sum
of $14,568 32.
Mr. H. said it would be recollected, that
the bill establishing the Department of the In-
terior had passed the House at the last session of
Congress, some time previous to the close of the
session, and gone to the Senate, where, as had
been stated by the chairman of the Committee of*
Ways and Means, [Mr. Bayly,] it had remained
until the last night of the session, when it had
been passed^ and returned to this House with
amendments. No time had then been allowed for
making sufficient appropriations to carry this de-
partment into effect. No provision had been made
for any officers in the office proper of the Secretary
of the interior, except the chief clerk. It had been
necessary, therefore, for the Secretary to employ
a sufficient number of clerks, to enable him to or-
ganize and carry into effect that department, which
had been created by the act of Congress. In order
to do so, he had found it necessary to employ some
five or six additional clerks. In the estimates
which had been sent to the House, and which had
been before the Committee of Ways and Means,
an appropriation was included sufficient to pay
these clerks. They were employed about the 19th
March, 1849, and had continued to discharge im-
portant duties from that time up to the present, but
not one dollar had been appropriated for, or re-
ceived by, these clerks. And the question was,
whether Congress would take the labors of
these gentlemen from that time to this without
compensation, or whether it would make sufficient
compensation to pay them for their services. The
Committee of Ways and Means had addressed a
note to the Secretary of the Interior, making in-
quiry in regard to the employment of these clerks,
and their duties. He would now send to the
Cleik's table, to be read, the answer of the Secre-
tary, which placed this matter in so strong and
clear a light, that it seemed hardly necessary to
say a word in addition.
Mr. VINTON. Will the gentleman give way
one moment;
Mr. HAMPTON. Certainly.
Mr. VINTON said he had understood the gentle-
man to say that no provision had been made for
clerKs in the office proper of the Secretary of the
Interior by the act creating the department. In
that act provision was made for the transfer from
the Treasury Department of a number of clerks to
the office of the Secretary of the Interior, to dis-
charge similar duties in that office—that was to
say, the bill creating that department made pro-
vision for clerks in the office proper of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, but those clerks were to be
taken out of the Treasury Department. When
