1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1645
Navy be authorized to contract with said company
for (he construction and employment of five steam-
ships, reported m favor of printing the same; which
was concurred m.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider House bill for the relief of Al-
lo-Iah, and no amendment having been proposed,
it was ordered to a third reading, and was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
INDIAN INTERCOURSE.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill "to extend the benefit of the seventeenth
section of the act to regulate intercourse with the
Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers,
approved the 3d of June, 1834, to the people of the
Stale of Texas and others."
Mr. YULEE. I propose to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert what I send to the
Chair. I would simply state that it is an amend-
ment drawn up aftei consultation with the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] who has
given his attention to this matter, and with whom
the principal objections to the bill in the shape in
which it was reported, originated. I belteve this
amendment is satisfactory on ail hands as it now b.
The amendment was then read, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the piovi>ioiic of the act entitled 'An act to regu-
late trade and lutcicourac with the Indian tribes, and to
preseive peace on the frontiers,'approved June 30, 1834,
shall be and the same are hereby declined to be applicable
in all respects to ca^es of Indian depredations committed in
Alaliarna, Georgia, and FJonda, subsequent to the 1st day of
January, 1&*6, and in Texas subsequent to the date of her an-
nexation: Piovided. That when there has been no superin-
tendent, ajjent, or sub-agent, to whom the party injured
by any Indian oi Indians could apply, the claim- of -uch
party may be examined and allowed in the feame manner
as if the) had been regularly acted on by such superintend-
ent, ;i?ent, or sub-a^oni, m co^e the proof t-hail be sntiafae-
toiy that the injury sustained otherwise comes witlun the
purview of said act"
Mr. RUSK. I think the honorable Senator is
a little mistaken, because this includes a statute of
limitation. All the claims of Alabama and Florida
would be debarred, because all applications of
more than three years' standing are to be de-
barred.
Mr. CLEMENS. They have made their ap-
plications.
Mr. RUSK. Texas has made none, because
there has been no law allowing it.
Mr. YULEE. The bill provides that if no
claim is made, in consequence of the fact that there
was no agent or sub-agent, the benefit of the act
shall be exiended to such claim.
Mr. RUSK. I would much prefer that the
clause respecting Alabama, Georgia, and Florida,
should be stricken out.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is reminded
by the Secretary that the proposition before the
Senate was to strike out the third section. That
is the question pending, and the amendment of the
Senator from Florida, therefore, cannot be received
until that question is disposed of.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Florida certainly does pro-
vide for everything which ought to be provided
for. It applies this law without change to Texas,
to Florida, and to Alabama, and those countries
about which there has been difficulty heretofore.
There is a proviso added to the amendment that
where there were not 'superintendents, agents, or
sub-agents, and, in consequence of the want of
these officers, the claims for depredations made by
the Indians could not be regularly examined, that
ail such claims may be presented, looked into,
anil disposed of, and paid, precisely as they would
have been if they had regularly passed through
the hands of the sub-agent.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must be
aware that that is not the question before the
Senate. The qaestion is on striking out the third
section.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Ah, I withdraw that,
and ifive place.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will then
proceed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have nothing further
to say. It applies the terms of the intercourse act
of 1S34 to all places and countries alike, and pro-
vides tor cases which may heretofore have ori-
ginated by indian depredations where a sub-agent
was not provided to investigate the claim, and it
opens the door for all of them without limitation.
I think that right, as it places the whole country on
the same footing under the intercourse law of 1834.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question was then stated to be on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. CHASE. X do not see that this bill is ma-
terially changed from the provisions of the former
bill.
Mr. ATCHISON, (in his seat.) It is not ma-
terially changed. It is much the same in substance.
Mr. CHASE. It appears to me, as the Senator
from Missouri suggests, to be thesame bill in sub-
stance and effect as the former bill, and presents
this question: Are the Senate prepared to change
the law m regard to intercourse with Indians, so
as to assume responsibility tor the acts of those
Indians wnoare not under the control of the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The act ot 1834
defines the limits of tne Indian country, and ex-
cludes in distinct terms by its provisions all In-
dians within the limits ot' any State. As I have
beiore remarked, its principle is, that wheie the
United States have control of the Indians, they
become responsible for their acts, and where they
have not a direct control over them they are not
responsible for their acts. Now, it is proposed to
assume a responsibility where we have not con-
trol—to assume responsibility for the acts of In-
dians in Texas and Florida, and Alabama, and
Georgia, not lor the future omy, but tor the past—
since the year lei3G, with regard to some of these
States, and, wun legard to I'exas, since the date
of annexation. Although 1 am not perfectly well
acquainted with the history of our Indian t-ffairs,
1 believe that ihe United States have proceedeu
upon the principle that wheie the Indians are an
independent nation, they may make treaties with
them, and do make treaties with them; but m
every such case, so far as I am aware, tne Indians
have a country within certain boundaries under
the control ot the Government; but in no case,
from the commencement of the Government to the
present hour, so far as 1 am awaie, has the Gov-
ernment assumed responsibility foi Indians wiihm
the limns ot a particular State, and ovu- whom
they have no particular control. Tins bill, then,
lntioduces a new principle, and applies it to cases
in which we have never belore applied a similar
principle, it is obnoxious to all the objections
which were urged against the former bill, and it
will lead to the expenditure of large sums drawn
from the Treasury tor depredations done where
we have no control over the persons who commit
them, and make us respotisiole for these charges.
I should be glad to give my support to a proper
bill, but this is one which it appeals to me ought
not to pass, and, therefore, I ask tor the yeas and
nays on its passage.
Mr. RUSK. This bill does not embrace any
new principle at all. It is simply extending to
Texas, Florida, Alabama, and Georgia, the beneht
of a law which is extended to every other State.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Texas
remarked that this bill embraced no new piinciple.
I think that the oil! is liable to objection on one
account. Depredations are said to have been com-
mitted and property stolen fiom the inhabitants of
the States named in the bill, since 183G. Tiiese in-
dividuals have presented their claims to Congress.
They have received about the same consideration
that the cases of other claimants have received.
It is now proposed by this bill to place these
claimants in a different situation from that of other
claimants on the Government—namely, to adjust
their claims at once. I object to this summary
mode of disposing of this large amount of claims.
How many thousands and hundreds of thousands
of dollars tiiese claims will extend to, we do nut
know. We have no information on that subject.
We have had no statement of the extent of these
claims, and 1 hope that the Senate will not, with-
out consideration, place these claims upon a differ-
ent footing from that of other claims. A bill es-
tablishing a board for the adjustment of claims
against the United States has passed this body,
and may receive the sanction of the House during
the present session. That bill provides a particu-
lar mode of investigating all claims. And we are
now proposing by this Dili at once to revive and
to settle claims that have been standing some fifteen
years, and about which it will be so difficult to
ascertain the facts that they certainly ought to be
subjected to the most rigid scrutiny, it is on that
account that I object to the passage of this bill.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I do not see, nor
very well understand, the bearing of the amend-
ment. I dislike to ask that the bill should lie over
on that account. But, as this amendment has been
presented, without Senators having an opportunity
to look at it, I should like the Senator from Ken-
tucky—for I understand that he has paid attention
to this matter—to say how far it proposes to make
the Indian tribes, to which the Indians who com-
mit depredations may belong, in their name, or
character, or lineage, responsible for those depre-
dations. Are the Indians who commit depredations
to be resident within the territory belonging to
their tribe before that tribe can be made responsi-
ble for the depredations?
Now, 1 have in my view a case. Depredations
may have been committed by a party ot the Cher-
okee nation, who, some twelve or fourteen years
ago, separated themselves from the mam body of
iheir countrymen, and removed into what is now
Texan territory. Perhaps the Senator fiom Texas
can give me some information on that point.
Those who separated from their tribe in this way
were predatory in their character, and no doubt
that was the motive which led them to separate
from their more orderly and law-abiding country-
men of the Cherokee tribe proper.
Now, sir, I should think itagreat hardship to
the Cherokees that are now living peaceably and
quietly, not giving any trouble to their neighbors,
if they were to be subjected to the payment of
any depredations committed by these wandering
parties, who have separated themselves from their
tribe, and have no longer a national character as
Cherokees, but are merely members of that tribe
who have fled from its jurisdiction, finding it irk-
some to comply with its regulations. It would be
unjust that the Cherokees west of Arkansas, and
others similaily situated, should be made respon-
sible for the depredations of the Cherokees in
Texas. But if the amended bill has not that ef-
fect, 1 shall not object to it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I will
explain in a very few words what I conceive to be
the operation of the bill as amended. JMow, if the
Constitution, as remai ked by the gentleman trom
Texas [Mr. Rusk] the other day, did not extend
over the Indian tribes of Texas, as over those la
other portions of the United States, it might per-
haps be necessary to make some amendment to
the bill carrying the laws of the United States
over these Indians. But, sir, I know that, under
the Constitution, Congress has exercised jurisdic-
tion of that sort over the Indians in Kentucky
until their title was extinguished. I believe that
Congress, under the Constitution, has exercised
jurisdiction of that sort over all the Indians ioca-
cated within the limits of the United States; and
therefore, when the suggestion was made the other
day by the gentleman trom Texas, in opposition
to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ewing,] late Sec-
retary of the Interior, I thought the position as-
sumed by the gentleman from Texas was the cor-
rect one.
1 knew that the practice had been, in Kentucky
and elsewhere, to exercise this jurisdiction over
the Indians. I therefore supposed that, under the
the Constitution, which gives Congress the right
to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes, and which also prohibits the States from
entering into any agieement, covenant, or con-
tract with the Indians, unless Congress shall con-
sent, we had that jurisdiction without express
legislation.
Now, if that be the case, this bill as amended,
is just this: It proposes to pay for depiedations
committed by Indians whose tribes or nations are
friendly to us, whether they break off from an-
other tribe or not. It proposes to pay for depre-
dations committed, when our citizens do not re-
taliate. In that respect, it places the citizens of
Texas, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, precisely
upon the same footing as citizens of other States.
And it has this retroactive effect, which I have
consented to upon reflection. I was opposed to
all retroaction the other day; but on reflection, I
think this part is correct. It retroacts so far as to
allow persons, who could have availed themselves
of the provisions of the act of 1834, had there been
an agent or a superintendent to whom they eould
have furnished the proof, as required by that act,
if the Government had furnished that officer to
make proof, and if that brings their case within
