m
®1E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
gresst in establishing this- department, had pro-
vided him with an insufficient force to do the pub-
lic business—and if it was likely, or certain, that
the public business would suffer in consequence of
a deficiency of force—the responsibility would be
upon. Congress; Congress it was who should have
borne it; and the defence of the Secretary would
have been perfect, when it was found that he could
not transact the public business with the force
which Congress had given him—that he had in-
dustriously employed all the force the law allowed
him. He (Mr. B.) was not one of those who
were of the opinion, that under this plea of neces-
sity, a public officer might.violate the law. Let
him do the best he could; let him obey the law, as
enacted by Congress, and if he found that C<?h-
gress had not provided a sufficient force, let Con-
gress be applied to, not under a sort of duresse,
aa in the present case, but with their hands loose—
to decide whether this increased force was neces-
sary or not.
He knew and felt, to a very great extent, the
force of the argument of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that the Government had had the services
of these officers, and that it was rather a hard case
to withold from them the compensation they had
earned. But Congress ought not to have been
placed in this situation. These men ought not to
have been brought into the service of the Govern-
ment, when there was no law providing for their
payment. Why it was perfectly useless for Con-
gress to undertake to provide officers, their num-
ber, and salaries, if the heads of departments
went on to increase their numbers and fix their
salaries, and then say. to Congress, You have had
their services and you must pay for them. Con-
gress had belter transfer at once all their authority
to the heads of departments. It was a bad prece-
dent. He hoped the House would set its face
against it. Though he sympathized with these
men, and though, possibly, the services of some
of them might be necessary, and ought to be pro-
vided for, but provided for by striking down others
whose duties they were now doing, he hoped this
House would set its face against this precedent,
and not allow officers to be employed in violation
of law, and then come in and legalize the proceed-
ings. He repeated, that he sympathized with
these men, but here was a public duty devolving
upon this House. It was a beautiful sentiment
that
" Mercy, tho> sweet, rim but relieve the few,
While justice tluil good vvlncli seasons all."
fie preferred, while discharging public duties,
to do justice to all, taiher than give way to that
mercy lo which Ins heart would incline him, but
which do serious injustice and injury to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CONRAD wished to ask a question of the
£entleiri<in from Virginia.- The gentleman did not
deny the necessity of having these cleilis ; he had
understood the gentleman to admit that the duties
had been performed, and were nccessary to be per-
formed.
Mr. BAYLY. These clerks have been em-
ployed, no doubt, very industriously.
Mr. CONRAD. And did not the gentleman
admit, very properly, also'
Mr. BAYLY. I beg the gentleman's pardon; I
dtd not say properly, when it was done m viola-
tion of law.
Mr. CONRAD. I understood the gentleman to
admit that these clerks had been employed in the
discharge of public duties.
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly. !
Mr. CONRAD, in the public service? '
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly; employed in the pub- '
lie service. i
Mr. CONRAD. The gentleman admits, there- j
fore, that these clerks have been employed in the |
public service, and that they have properly dis- j
charged their duties. And he expresses great sym- j
patby, arid quotes poetry, to prove to this House j
how laudable mercy is, and yet how unjust it is to I
pay the clerks, who have been employed for the
discharge of public duties, and propel ly. Now,!
there lie any poetry, or even prose, or any justice
in this refusal of the gentleman to pay for honest !
services rendered to the Government, I have very t|
imperfect ideas of them all. i
r Mr. BAYLY. I beg to say to the gentleman |[
irom Louisiana, I have not seen any evidence of ii
the necessity of these cleiks, or rather I have not J
seen that clerks could not have been detailed in i|
pursuance of the law which enacted that the clerks
should be transferred with the business which was
transferred; and although these clerks have been
usefully employed, I do not know whether others
have not been idle in consequence of their em-
ployment. I do know this, and although it is a
repetition of what I have already said, I will again
state it, that when this law was'before,Congress
creating the Department of the Interior, with the
Secretary and his chief clerk, with the Commis-
sioner of Customs and his chief clerk, and the
Assistant Treasurer and his chief clerk, we were
all told that, so far from its leading to an increase
of force, that the greater efficiency which this divi-
sion would create, would dispense with the ne-
cessity of much of the force we already had.
[A Voice. Is there any evidence that no clerks
have been transferred ?]
Mr. BAYLY. Some have been, but not a suf-
ficient number.
I have now stated, as succinctly as I could, the
reasons which have influenced us in this matter.
I leave it for the committee to decide the question
for themselves.
Mr. McLANE said that the committee would
perceive that the bill, in the last clause, provided
for temporary clerks in one branch of the Depart-
ment of the Interior. Although he had been over-
ruled by the .Chair, and the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania decided in order under
the 81st rule, he (McL.) did not mean to vote,
upon an appropriation bill, compensation for
any officer not authorized by law. He conceded
fully the right of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and of (his committee, to provide in their
appropriation bills for the contingencies of any
department of the Government; and in these contin-
gencies, he was well aware that Congress at their
discretion often provided for temporary clerks,
but they were designated in the bill, or understood
to be temporary clerks, and employed for tempo-
rary purposes; and those temporary purposes
were always explained. In this bill there was a
provision in the last clause for temporary clerks;
but the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania went further, and proposed that Congress
should sanction the appointment, by the head of
this department—not only without authority of
law, but in the very face of the 11th section of the
law establishing the Department of the Interior—
of.permnncnt clerks. He submitted to the com-
mittee, that this was the very last department to
whom this authority should be entrusted. He
was not disposed to detain the committee, nor to
introduce info this discussion matters which
could excite the least party feeling upon the other,
or upon this, side of the house; "but this Depart-
ment of the Interior was the very department of
the Government to which they had all had their
attention called, and their anxieties excited. He
had voted for the bill establishing this department,
and he had voted for it upon the recommendation
of the Executive Department of the Government,
which had strongly urged upon Congress the pro-
priety of instituting that department, and urged it
upon the ground, that it would not increase either
the power, patronage, or extent of these several
bureaus—that it would simplify the business of
the Government, and decrease the overwhelming
labor of the other departments. Congress were
now called upon, not directly to extend this
department by law, but to sanction the very illegal
acts of that chief of the department, who, by his
administration of it, had made the department
odious. This was the truth, and it must be stated,
that this very chief of the Department of the Inte-
rior had brought the Department of the Interior
itself into disrepute; and the course of conduct
that had induced this feeling, had been in part, these
very violations of law. Now, correctly'or not, as
might hereafter turn out, we had been told that
the Secretary of the Interior had assumed powers,
not authorized bylaw, in the appointment of offi-'
cers upon his own responsibility. This charge i
had been rung from one end of the land to the 1
other; and the amendment and explanation this !
morning of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, !
[Mr. Hampton-,]and the explanation ofthegentle- I
man from Ohio, [Mr.ViNTON,] were the first con- '
firmations of the fact that he had violated the law" 1
which it was in the power of this House to no- i
tice.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and (the floor being !
yielded for explanation) said, he did not admit1
that. He claimed that the Secretary had exer-
cised his right under the law.
Mr. McLANE said he was not passing any
judgment upon the view of the law taken by the
gentleman from Ohio. The gentleman had given
his own explanation of the facts and the law. His
(Mr. MeL. 's) construction of the law was differ-
ent; but he took the facts, as stated by the gentle-
man from Ohio. The gentleman did state the
fact, not that the Secretary of the Interior had
employed temporary clerks, (for that was pro-
vided for in another item of the bill,) but that he
had supplied the places of those officers for which
the law did provide, by appointing them on his
own responsibility. Now, did we not all know
that for the Secretary of the Interior to receive into
his department existing officers, authorized by law,
i. e., the chief of the Indian Bureau, the chiefs
of the Land Office, and of the Pension Office, and
other subordinate clerks, was a very different thing
from his going through the country to select his
own officers, without authority of law, in addition
to those in the bureaus just named ? and he wished
to call the particular attention of the committee,
and of the country to the fact, that up to this day,
this violation of law had not been admitted, as it
was now admitted,in the papers introduced by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and in the expla-
nations of that gentleman, and of the gentleman
from Ohio. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly] had not stated the case to the committee
as strongly as he might have done—as strongly as
the facts justified. He (Mr. McL.) should not be
restrained from a reference to the Executive rec-
ommendations in public documents, which had
urged Congress to pass this law. The committee
would bear in mind, that this law had been framed
upon the express recommendation of the Execu-
tive Department, and that the officers had been
designated who should be transferred from other
departments to this, and such additional officers
as weie necessary, had been specifically provided
for.
Mr. VINTON (interposing) said, that no clerks
had been designated by name. The provision of '
the law was, that the clerks of the Treasury De-
partment, performing like duties, should be trans-
ferred.
Mr. McLANE replied that the gentleman from
Ohio could not misapprehend him, nor could they
differ. He (Mr. McL.) had had no idea of saying
that the clerks had been designated, eo nomine, by
their individual names, but that particular bureaus
were designated—the chief clerks of the Indian,
the Land, the Pension, and Patent Bureaus, and
their subordinate officers; and it was provided by
the law, that the officers there existing by law
were to go—where? Only to a new chief. There
could be no controversy on this point. The last
item in.the bill provided for contingencies. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Rumsey] had
asked him how stationery was provided for in the
bill; he answered, just as temporary clerks were
—by the provision which allowed appropriations
for contingencies.
But that was not the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. That amendment, as
explained and sustained by the gentleman himself,
and the gentleman from Ohio, was to provide by
law for new clerks—not forthose who had hereto-
fore performed the duties in these bureaus, before
they were transferred. Now this question—how-
ever gentlemen might treat it—was nothing more
or less than adding to the Department of the Inte-
rior by law; it was not only the question of con-
firming the act which established this department,
but it was giving to it a greater extent, and greater
powers—providing new and additional officers.
If this weie the question of the repeal of the
law establishing this department, he was free to
say, so far as his cxpenence went, he would not
let even the illegal, unauthorized conduct of the
chief of that department influence his vote for
the repeal, as he would let it influence him upon
this particular vote. He would vote upon a prop-
osition for the repeal of the law upon its own
merits; if called on to vote upon that question,
he would be happy now to make his confession,
that he believed the establishment of this depart-
ment was to be regretted, and that he considered
it entirely unnecessary; that so far from it limit-
ing the powers and patronage of the Executive
branch of the Government, it had increased them
much; and he would be happy to concentrate,
