1850.
EHE €ON(JKE$S10MAJb 
m
rather than diffuse, the duties and the powers of
the bureaus included in its administration.
But they were called upon, not only to give the
Department of the Interior more power, but to
recognize that in the chief of the department which
had made the department itself obnoxious to the
country. He put it to the committee, would they,
upon an appropriation bill providing for contingen-
cies and deficiencies, go furtfier, and sanction in the
chief of the department that which he had done
illegally, in instituting new clerkships—permanent
clerkships—in the face of the law which told him
what clerkships he should have? He submitted
that it was a direct infraction of the law—not only
an unauthorized assumption of power, which might
have been plead here to have been necessary, in-
dispensable for the public service, and which Con-
gress would then have provided for under this last
item embracing provision for temporary clerks,
but an infraction of positive law. This committee
would not forget, that if this department of the
Interior was examined, it would be found that
these bureaus, which were transferred, were all
bureaus established by law, and that the power of
appointment, within these bureaus, was regulated
bylaw; that the law instituting the Indian bureau,
the Patent, and Pension bureaus, did not now pro-
vide that the chief clerks of each of those bureaus
should be appointed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, but some, or all, were to be appointed by the
chiefs of bureaus, who were responsible, and ap-
pointed by the President of the United States; that
these men, who had been transTerred, held their
places by the power of an appointment beyond
the control of this new officer, who had been cre-
ated as the chief of this department; and yet we
had heard that some of these had been removed
by this subordinate executive officer. Now, al-
though they did not meet that question upon this
bill, or have evidence before them of the fact of
these violations of the law, because the appro-
priations for these officers, who had been trans-
ferred, were not in the bill, yet they would, by
this bill, sanction the administration of this De-
partment of the Interior in acts equally censur-
able—an administration which, from one end of the
country to the other, was now not only conceded
to have been active in dispensing public patronage,
and in so doing have been more efficient, more
active, more proscriptive, and more influential
upon the public mind of the country, than all the
other departments combined. It had been found
that this separation of departments, and creation
of this new department, had only had the effect
of individualizing that power in the chief of the
Department-of the Interior, which, heretofore, had
been distributed through, and controlled by, the
various bureaus transferred, and which had not
been exercised by the chiefs of the departments, of
which those bureaus had formed a part, with the
zeal and spirit manifested by the new power created
by this law. This question was one which it was
very important for the committee to understand.
He refeired to it, because the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, brought to him, and
proposed to endorse and sanction not only the
usurpation, by the chief of the Department of the
Interior, of powers unauthorized by law, but the
infraction of existing laws; an offence which was
only a part of the whole policy and administra-
tion of that department. The Committee of the
House, therefore, were not only called upon to
increase this department, but to pass upon the
conduct of an officer, in violation of positive law,
which provided, in express terms that certain
bureaus then existing in the State, Treasury, and
War Departments, should he transferred to the
Department of the Interior,-and that all the clerk3
of these several bureaus should be under the con-
trol and direction of the chief of the Department
of the Interior, so far as they were, by existing
laws under the control of the heads of depart-
ments, from which they were transferred; and in
addition to these, provision was made for a chief
clerk to the new department, and for no other offi-
cer whatever. The violation of law now com-
plained of, was the failure of the Secretary to con-
Le himself to the existing clerks transferred to
him by law, and his appointment of new and ad-
ditional clerks, not provided for m the law estab-
lishing the Department uf the Interior, or m any
of the existing laws regulating the organization of
the other departments.
Mr. SWEETSER desired to call the attention
of the committee to the fact, that parly in the ses-
sion the genileman from Mississippi offered, a
resolution calling on the Secretary of the Treasury
to inform the House why the clerks, directed by
the law establishing the Department of the Inte-
rior, to be transferred from the Secretary of the
Treasury, had not been so transferred ? That res-
olution was laid on the table, with the aid of gen-
tlemen who sat on his right. Until that question
was answered, he would not vote for paying the
salaries asked for by this amendment. He de-
sired to ask his colleague [Mr. Vinton] if there
had*been any conflict between the Secretary of the
Interior and the Secretary of the Treasury, touch-
ing the transfer of these clerks, which were di-
rected by law to be transferred from the Treasury
Department to the Department of the Interior? If
there had been any such conflict or controversy,
he desired to ask what was the result"? He would
yield the floor in order to give his colleague an
opportunity to answer the question.
Mr. VINTON said, in reply, that he did not
know precisely what his colleague meant by the
word "conflict." He knew nothing of any con-
flict. The facts were simply these; the Secretary
of the Interior had applied to the Secretary of tile-
Treasury for a transfer of the clerks, and the latter
had declined to make the transfer. The reasons
for this refusal were set forth m the letter which
had been already read by the ClerR. If that
amounted to a conflict or controversy, there had
been one. But he did not think the character of
the correspondence justified that appellation.
Mr. SWEETSER resumed. He had used the
word, because public opinion had indicated every-
where, that on this question a difference of opin-
ion had arisen between the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Secretary of the Interior. Whether
this difference resulted in any controversy he knew
not; at any rate, he hoped the amendment would
not be pressed until full explanation had been given
011 this point. He felt all (he force of the argument
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in favor of
paying those who had been employed in the pub-
lic service; but when we are acting on the defi-
ciency bill, he thought all should come to a pause
before they voted to pay the salaries of clerks who
had been appointed, in violation of law, to take
the duties of those who had been ordeied to be
transferred from the Treasury Department. In
the face of the unsatisfactory explanation before
us, and of the understanding when the bill to cre-
ate a Department of the Interior was passed, that
it would create no additional expense to the Pub-
lic, he could not vote for the amendments. Tins
act of the Secretary of the Interior, was in the face
of the law as it passed, and gentlemen on. the
other side ought to make satisfactory explanations
when they ask for an appropriation to justify it.
He did not stand here to give his vote against
the payment of salaries due for services faithfully
performed for the Government; but he did stand
here to resist usurpation of power on the part of
an executive officer, in employing clerks which
could only be properly employed when authorized
by a legislative act. He agreed with the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means,- that it is
lime we should stand firm, and shake of ail these
claims on Congress to pay for services which hud
no authority in law. He would say, further, that
it was the duty of ihe Secretary of the Interior,
when he found he was unable to get the clerks de-
signated by law, transferred fiom the Treasury
Department—feeling that the law creating his office
had been passed in view of its bringing no further
expense on the country—instead of sending to Con-
gress for an appropriation, to pay for other cleiks,
should have sent back the business to the Treasury,
and suffered the Secretary of that Department to
bear the responsibility of disregarding the provis-
ions of the law, and obstructing the public service.
He could not say what the bureaus were which
were ordered to be transferred. He believed there
were four or five; and he was told that the buieaus
only, without the clerks, had been transferred. It
was the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
make the transfer, in obedience to law.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would say a few words,
without detaining the committee more than a very
few moments. He had little to say, and that lie
could say briefly. Sometimes he, and others there,
when they had very little to say, yet took a long
time to say that little. What he desiied to speak
I to, was the charge of usurpation of power, which
had been broughtagairist the Secretary of the In-
terior. The charge was put forth with some de-
gree of plausibility. The Secretary iiad fopnd it
necessary, in the discharge of the, duties imposed
on him by law, to appoint certain clerks to assist
him in performing those duties. They had been
appointed w.ith^ut authority of law, and now,he
came here for an appropriation to pay them. It
had been said, that because he did this, he had
been guilty of usurpation of power—that when"
the Secretary of the Treasury found that he could
not transfer the requisite clerks, ihe Secretary of
the Interior ought not to have complied with the
provisions of the law, but to have peimitted the
public business to suffer. That the public busi-
ness would have suffered by a neglect to comply
with the law, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means had himself admitted.
Mr. JbNES (Mr. Batly being out of his seat)
said, that the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means was not present; but he would state,
that he understood that gentleman to contend, that
theie was no propriety in appointing clerks in any
contingency in violation of law.
Mr. BAYLY (having just entered) adopted the
explanation of his friend from Tennessee.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. His mjstake, tjien,
was this: the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, it seems, did not admit whatevery on?,
else knew to be true. No one had set up a pretenc,e
that these clerks were not all usefully employed,
nor that they did not render set vice to the Gov-
ernment, and that if they had been in the depart-
ment by \ irtueof law, they would not have deserved
to be paid. The whole charge was, tlmt there was
a usurpation of legislative power on the part of the
head of the department, in employing the cleiks,
which weie necessary to enable In in to peiform the
duties of his office, before they were regularly ap-
propriated for by law.
What he desired to say on this subject to the
Hou-se and to the country—and he spoke advised-
ly—was, that there had piobably not been a de-
ficiency bill for the last seven or eight years, in
which precisely such cases as the present had not
occurred. In the course of the last Administra-
tion, and previous to that, applications had been
made to Congress to appi opriate salaries for clerks
who had been employed without the authority of
law, and Congress had, in its discretion, if not in
us wisdom, granted them.
Since the commencement of this debate, he had
called one of the pages, and sent him to the docu--*
ment room, with instructions to bring, him any one
of the deficiency bills, and here he had one. It
was the deficiency bill for the year ending the 30th
.Tune, 1848. The very first item was an appro-
priation for an additional clerk in the office of the
Fifth Auditor, whose services were rendered neces-
sary by an increase in the number of light-houses.
This clerk had been employed by Mr. Secretary
Walker, without the authority of law, and the
Secretary comes to Congress, and says he- had
employed this clerk for eleven or twelve months
without law, and requests an appropriation to pay
for his services. Another case, was the employ-
ment without legal sanction, of cleiks necessary
tn bring up the business arising out of the Mexi-
can war. The Secretary said, that he had not forte
enough to bring up the business, and he employed
more, and appropriations were made for then pay-
ment. In the bounty land office, clerks bad been
appointed in a similar manner, and had been paid
by Congress.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. Schenck yielding the floor
for a moment) asked whether the clerks referred
to had been employed in the recess, or duiing the
session of Congress ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Both during the session and
in the recess. This out in the Fifth Auditor's
Office seems to have been appointed on the 1st of
I June, 1847. That was in the recess. He had
been employed half a year at least befoie the ses-
sion of Congress, when an appropriation was asked
to pay him, and h,s appointment legalized.
Mr. BAYLY asked if they were temporary
c}e, ?
Mr. SCHENCK refened to the bill to show
that this appropriation for the clerk m the Fifth
Auditor's office was from the; 1st of June, 1847, to
the 30th of June, 1848—on to the end of the fiscal
year, as upon a regularly-established clerks-hip.
Was the gentleman from Virginia now satisfied?
The bill supplied the dates. The clerk was em-
