1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16*47
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky looks
to a different state of things, and i think will in-
crease the expenses of the Government greatly,
instead of diminishing them, which I understand
to be his object, it will include all Indians,
whether nomadic in their character, or whether
remnants of tribes which have lost their tribal
condition; and if such be the policy of the Gov-
ernment,then the amendment will notcoverall the
cases which can be brought before Congress. In
Mississippi there is a remnant of the Choctaws,
and, i think, a few Chickasaws, who, at the time
the tribes were removed and the land ceded to the
United States, remained, and have occasionally
committed depredations on private pioperty. I
have heretofore considered that the law of 1834
did not extend to those cases, and that no remedy
was provided for the evil by the legislation of Con-
gress. But if the principle be adopted that the
United States are responsible whether these In-
dians have a tribal character or not, or whether
they reside in territory from which white men
were excluded or not, of course I shall insist upon
including Mississippi within its application; and I
move, therefore, to amend the bill by inserting the
word "Mississippi " after the word " Alabama."
Mr. RUSIC. One word in explanation to the
Senator from Tennessee. The Camanche has no
idea of boundary at all, and if you are about to
make a treaty with him, the moment you talk of
confining him to a given line, he will break up the
negotiation and quit. They follow the buffalo.
As the settlements advance, the Buffalo retires,
and the Camanche never comes into the settlements
at all, uniess it is on some friendly visit, or for the
purpose of making a treaty; or he may visit the
military posts, as he has recently done, for the
purpose of committing depredations. So far as
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
is concerned, if he 3hall make out a case showing
that Mississippi has been depredated upon by In-
dians, and shall bring m a proposition of this kind
m regard to it, I will cheeifuliy vote for it in a
separate bill. But, as I think it will embarrass
this bill, I shall vote against it here.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 have not the least objection
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi, because it amounts to just nothing at
all. Mississippi has had the benefit of this inter-
course law, and al! we ask for Alabama is to be
put on the same footing with other States. The
Government dnected the sale of the public lands
formerly belonging to the Creeks, within the lim-
its of Alabama; the sale was made at public auc-
tion, the citizens of the United States bought the
lands there, and the Government permitted the In-
dians to remain. The Government thus failed to
discharge its duty in removing the Indians, and
afterwards the Government were instrumental in
producing the outbreaks which occurred theie. It
insisted upon starving the Indians m order to in-
duce them to remove peaceably, and dunng the
years 1^34 and 1835 the Indians were suffering al-
most from absoluie starvation—the United States
lefusing to extend their aid because they wanted
them to remove peaceably, and the Indians object-
ing to going. This state of things it was that pro-
duced the outbreaks in Alabama. General Jack-
son brought the subject to the notice of Congress
in 1836, and Congress established a board of com-
missioners to investigate and report upon the
claims. They did report upon thern; and now,
by a construction given it by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, we are denied the benefit of this
intercourse law, as extended to other States. We
ask now to have the benefit of it; we ask not for
payment of the cases since 1839; we are willing
to allow the statute of limitations to be applied to
us for three years; we only ask to be put on the
same footing with other States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The cases of Mis-
sissippi and Alabama are parallel. The Indian
title was extinguished, and the remnants of the
tribes which remained in both cases committed the
depredations.
Mr. CLEMENS. It was not a remnant, but a
whole tribe of Creeks.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Government,
I believe, m good faith, endeavored to remove the
Choctaws, but they did not fully sucx-ed. A lem-
nant, and for a long time whole bands of them re-
mained; some of them are there yet. These In-
dians commit depredations, and I do not think that
their case is included within the provisions of the
law of 1834. It may be equitable, however, in the
provisions of any law on the subject which Con-
gress may make. If no case is made out, no
money will be paid, but that there are cases which
pay be made out, I have not tfie least doubt, and
it is therefore that I move my amendment. I was
originally quite willing to extend the law for the
benefit of Texas, because I thought h«r position to
: be a peculiar one. Not that I believed the law of
1834 was applicable to Texas, but that it could be
made so, and Texas secured against loss by the
outbreaks of the Indians on her border. I agree
too with the Senator from Tennessee, that this
can only effectually be done by establishing a line
of posts and drawing the Indians above it. JN'o
matter how nomadic may be the character of the
Indians, if you remove them above a certain line,
and establish efficent military posts along its border,
you can keep them above it. And never was there
a country better adapted to this purpose, in my
opinion, than western Texas. They could be
removed from the chaparral country, and placed
beyond a line of posts extending m the direction of
Santa Fe above the desert. The Indians, there-
fore, after passing the line of posts, would have a
wide and open plain to cross before they could get
to the chaparral. We have alleady mounted troops
there, and we also have before the Senate a bill to
increase that force. I have no idea that five hun-
dred rangers would answer the purpose, and if I
could believe with the Senator fiom Texas that
five hundred such men would affoid adequate pro-
tection to the frontier of that State, I should esteem
it a great stroke of economy to withdraw the
troops from that quarter and employ a force of that
description.
The Senator from Te\as, 1 know, has been en-
gaged in this service, and 1 yield to his experience;
but that experience only applies where the case is
similar. The settlements ot Texas are extending,
branching out on every stream, as depicted by the
Senator from Tennessee, and those frontiers are
exposed to hazard, and suffer from Indian depre-
dations. We have no right to restrain theadvance
of those settlements, and we can acquire no such
right unless by the consent of Texas, and that is
one ot the essential elements which to my mind
render the proposition of the Senator from Ten-
nessee necessary. It is as essential to restrain the
white men as the Indians, if we wish to prevent
collisions between them,and this can only be done
by the consent of Texas, whereby a line may be
established which the men shall not be allowed to
pass as well as the Indians.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to insert the word " Mississippi," and it was re-
jected^
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, the yeas and nays being ordered, as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Radgfir, Bp!!, Benton, Berrien,
Cass, Clemens, Dawson, Dodge ol Wisconsin, Dodge ol
lovva, Down^, Fuote, Houston, King, M.inguin, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Shields, Smith, .S• >uIe. !Spruauce,>5turgton, Turney,
Underwood, Wales, Walkei, and Yuke—27.
A'AYtf—Meters. Baldwin, Biadbury, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Davis ol' Masbticliu-eus, Davit* ot .Vli>si^ippi, Dick-
inson, G,eene, Hamlin, Mason, Pearce, Wnitutop, and
Wintcoinb—14.
I ask that the bill may have
Mr. ATCHISON.
its third reading now.
The PRESIDENT. That cannot be done.
At a subsequent period of the day the bill was
read a third time and passed.
X PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 ask the Senate to take up
the resolution in relation to the book of Mr. Pal-
mer, with a view of making it the special order
for Monday, if that will be agreeable to the Sen-
ator from Missouri.
The resolution was taken up.
Mr. MANGDM. I move to make it the special
order for Monday next, at half-past eleven o'clock.
Mr. BENTON. That will not do. We can-
not finish the morning business by that time, and
there are resolutions now lying on the table which
should be taken up.
Mr. MANGUM. Well, then, say twelve
o'clock.
Mr. MASON. Will that override the bill now
under consideration ?
The PRESIDENT. It will not; it will come
up m its regular order.
The motion to make the resolution a special
order for Monday, at twelve o'clock, was agreed to.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to provide for the more effectual execution of
the third clause of the second secuon of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States.
Several amendments were offered'to the bill,
which were debated at length and disposed of, and
the bill was finally ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading by yeas and nays, as follow:
YE<\S—-M'^a-rs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Foote, Houston, Hunter, Jon<js, King, Maugum,
Mason,.Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Soule, Spruanee, Stur-
geon, Turney, Underwood, Wales, arid Yulee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Chase, Cooper,
Davij* of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Greene, Smith, Upham, Walkri, and Wmthrop—12.
[These proceedings will appear m full in the
Appendix.]
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. FOOTE moved that when the Senate ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet ou Monday next.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered, and were as follow:
YEAS—Messsrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, D>;wns, Foote,
Hunter, Manguin, Mason, Pearce, Ru-k, Smith, Souifc,
TurriPV, Upham, Walker, and Yul^e—:21.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin,Bradbury, Cha«e,Cooper,Davis
of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dod^e of Wi&eorisin, Dodge
of Iowa, Houston, Jones, Sebastian, Spruanee, Stmgeon,
Wales, and Wmthrop—15.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 24, 1850.
The.Tournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. JONES rose and said, that he desired the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
resolution in which every member of the House,
as he thought, and, indeed, the whole country,
was more or less interested.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Speaker of tins House cause to be
procured two chairs, to be placed in Iruntof the Clerk's *
desk, lor the official reporters of tne House, winch shall be
paid lor out of the contingent fund oi the same "
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER said, Is there any objection ?
Mr. BOWL1N made an inquiry or suggestion;
in reply to which, <
Mr. JONES said, the resolution contemplated
the same kind of accommodation as was furnished
in the Senate.
The SPEAKER said, no objection appeared to
be made.
Mr. ASHMUN said, if the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] would so modify the reso-
lution as to strike out the word "official," he
(tMr. A.) would not object.
Mr. JONES said, he had no objection so to
modify the resolution as to say, " the reporters of
the House." It was well understood,"he believed,
that the reporters of the "Globe" were the official
reporters of the House.
The SPEAKER. Before this resolution is in-
troduced under the unanimous consent of the
House, he would like to understand distinctly
what construction is to be put upon it.^The
Chair understands that the resolution refers to the
reporters of the "Congressional Globe."
Mr. JONES. To the reporters of the "Con-
gressional Globe;" as I understand that they are
the official reporters.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, tose and objected.
So the lesolution was not leceived.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. FOWLER, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Burt in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the current fiscal year.
EXAMINATION OF DRUGS.
Mr. SCHENCK otfeied the following amend-
ment to the item providing for the payment of
the examiners of drugs.
"For payment of compensation to Dr. Thomas O. Ed-
wards, tot his services &  examiner into the practical opera-
tion of the law for the prevention of the important uf
spurious and adulterated drugs and medicines, tiitflfr ap-
pointment Irom the Secretaiy of the Treasury, October 10.
1848, £.230." ' '
Mr. S. explained. He said that it was Doctor
Edwards, of Ohio, his esteemed colleague m the
last Congress, who had been chiefly active and
