THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
jjloyed not only in the recess, but during the ses-
sion. There is the bill as it was reported, and
here is the law as it subsequently assumed that
form. The friends of the biff made various
amendments, and these amendments were princi-
pally for the payment of clerks who had been
employed in the depaUments without the authority
of law.
Mr. S. here cited several items to sustain his
statement In two of the items of amendment
aione, nineteen thousand dollars appeared to have
been appropriated for the payment of additional
clerks, whom the Secretary had been compelled
to employ, and for whose services he had come
here and asked an appropriation. The bill had
been amended time and again, adding thousands
upon thousands to pay for their services. And all
this was during a Democratic Administration, and
when the Whigs had a decided majority on this
floor—the Whigs, instead of opposing, helpin^the
Democratic Administration to sustain the Govern-
ment, although involving appropriations for clerks
not employed according to law. And now we
see an opposition raised up by a party not iepre-
eenting a majority of the country—themselves
a minority of Representatives here, and in pow-
er accidentally, as it were—trying to embarrass
and break down the Administration, by refusing
the rippropriattons necessary to pay those who
had been performing duties for the public—those
very appropriations for which they themselves
asked from a Whig majortty in Congress. This
was all he wished to say. The case wss be-
fore the committee and before the country. If the
clerks are admitted to have been usefully em-
ployed, let them be paid for their services; if riot,
let it be withheld, ff they had rendered services
no matter whether we had a Whig or Democratic
Administration, they are entitled to be paid; and
he trusted and believed that, notwithstanding the
opposition of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, they would be paid.
Mr. GREEN made a brief reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio, m reference to the statement as to
*he manner in which a Whig Congress had acted
toward a Democratic Administration. The first
point to which he would refer' was, that Congress
had power to make these appropriations. This
no man doubted. So far as the question of power
is involved, there is no need of precedents—it i!
conceded by all. But the true question is, as to
the propriety of paying clerks who have been em-
ployed by the head of a department, without the
previous authority of law.
The bill of 1848, which had been referred to,
did contain appropriations for the payment of
clerks employed during the recess. And how are
we to determine the propriety of these appropria-
tions? We can only look to the necessity of the
case. In 1848, how it? There had been a
great accumulation of business during the prece-
ding year. On account of the war, the business
of thp offices had more than trebled. It was, at
that time, greater in the various bereaus than had
ever been known; and the necessity for the em-
ployment of additional force was conceded. How
are we situated i Has the business now, in any
of the depaitments or bureaus increased to such
an extent since the creation of the Department of
the Interior? Can the gentleman from Ohio point
out any way in which there has been any unusu-
al accession to the public business? Is there any
such increase ? He replied emphatically that there
was not.
The Secretary of the interior ought only to have
employed the force specified in the law. rFhe busi-
ness of the country had not been increased. On
the contrary, it had diminished every where, ex-
cept in the Third Auditor's office. Quite different
was the case in IH47 and 1848, when there was an
unusual accumulation.
Mr. SCHENOK (Mr. Green yielding the
floor) desired merely to say, that there seemed to
be nodiffeience between the gentleman from Mis-
souri and himseif. The gentleman had not dis-
turbed his argument, which was a reply to a
charge that the Secretary of the Interior had been
guilty of an usurpation of legislative power in em-
ploying these clerks. The question which the
gentleman from Missouri was now arguing, was,
as to the expediency of the measure. I am quite
satisfied (said Mr. S.) on that point.
Mr. GREEN resumed. If there was any par- j
alle! case, let us have it, If it be unpamlleled, the '
gentleman can show no parallel, as he has shown
none. In the settlement of accounts, in th^fbu-
reaus, it has been sometimes found necessary to
employ additional clerks, in aid of the accounting
officers. But such was not the-case here. The
clerks in the Department of the Interior were only
subordinate to the head, of that department, but
are intended merely to occupy a position between
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretaries of
the other departments. They are clerks who ex-
ercise a supervisory power, but whose business is
not to revise or settle accounts. The law says
explicitly that the Secretary of the Interior shall
not be allowed any additional clerks. The ex-
press authority to employ one clerk, negatives any
authority to employ more than one. it is in the
face of the law by which the department was cre-
ated. There had been no such case in the history
of our Government. In the accounting bureaus,
additional filerks have been employed; but when
this department was created, the law took care to
withhold any such authority here. He disclaimed
any intention to embarrass the Administration.
He would never do so.
Mr. G. then rapidly reiterated what he had be-
fore said in reference to the difference in the con-
dition of the public business now and in 1848.
The country knew very well that there was now
no pressure which rendered itnecessary to employ
these additional clerks, and will believe that the
only object is to obtain increased patronage. He
desired that when the statements of the gentleman
from Ohio went forth to the world, the facts which
he (Mr. G.) had now stated,might go with them,
side by side.
The bill creating the Departmentof the Interior,
although asked for by a Democratic Secretary,
never had received his vote, and he never would
vote for it. If the Secretary wanted clerks, let
him come to thia House and ask for them, and not
assume the authority of employing clerks without
the sanction of law. He hoped the amendment
would not be adopted.
Mr. VINTON obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative,
The committee rose and reported progress,
And the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SCHERMEIWORN gave notice of his intention to
move tor leave to introduce a bill to establish a port of entry
and delivery in the town of Webster, on Lake Ontario, in
the county of Monroe, Slate of New York.
PETITIONS, See.
The following memorials, petitions, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mi. FULLER: The petition of James Roberts and 90
other citizens ot Hancock county, praying Congress to make
an appropriation ror the <icction of a hght-houVc on Green's
Hand, in the entrance of Hurricane Sound, m the county
of Hancock, ami Stfite of Maine.
AHo, the memorial of Geoige Downs and 114 others, citi-
zens of Wellington county, Maine, prajmg tor the imme-
diate admission of the State of California mlo the Union.
By Mr. TI2URMAN': The petition ofD.uuel Stewart and
81 citizens of Lucerne, Wairen county, ytate of New York,
a^kmaspectfie duty on iron.
By Mr TUCK The petition of B. D. Montague and 295
orheis, citizens of Tioga county, New York, tor the prohibi-
tion ol slavery in the territories.
AUo, the petition ot Lyndon King, of Fulton, New York,
for the same.
AI?o, the petition of George M. Carty and others, citizens
of Lysander, New York, tor the same.
Also, the petition of James A. Havt and 63 others, citizens
of Steuben comity, New York, for the same.
A'^o, the petition of L. C. Webster and 116 others, citizens
of Hopkmton, Massachusetts, for the Mime.
Also, the petition of John W. Mullen and 75 others, citi-
zeiii of Yates county, NewYork, for the   a ne.
M«o, the petition of Stephen S. Sh< ldon and 180 others,
citizens of the village of Broekport ami vicinity, New Yoik,
for a i eduction ot postage.
Also, the petition of F. Wetmore and others, citizens
of M^ssaehusetts, for the same.
A ho, the petition ot Jonathan Ireland and 51 others,
citizens of Dunbarton, New Hampshire, for the repeal of
lavvf enacted or uduptfd by Congress tor the support of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
AI«o, the petition of F. P. Avery and others, citizens of
Lv-aruler, New York, for the same.
AKo, the petition L. C. Webster and 116 others, citizens
of fTopkmton, Ma^achucetb., for the same.
Also, the pennon of C. C. B. Walker and 63 others, citi-
zens of Steuben countv. Nmv York, for the «anifi.
Also, the petition of B. D. Montagne and 288 others, citi-
zens of Tioga county. New York, for the same.
Also, the petition ot Ljndon King,ot Fulton,New York
for the same.
Also, the petition of George M. Carty and others, citizens
of Lysander, New York, praying that no State may be here-
aftei admitted into the Union, unless the Constitution of
such State expressly prohibits'tlie existence ot slavery within
its limits.
Also, the petition of L. C. Webster and 116 others, citi-
zens ot Ropkinton, Massachusetts, tor the same.
Also, the petition ofLjndon King, ol Fulton, NewYork,
for ihe same.
Also, the petition of B. D. Montagne and 300 others, citi-
zens ot Tioga county, New York, against tne admission of
more slave States into theJJmon.
Also, the remonstrance of Moses Paul and 220 others, citi-
zens ot Dover, New Hampshire, against the further exten-
sion of the " Woodworth patent" (so called) by act ol Con-
gress.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of James
Chappell and other.*, citizens of Rochester, New York,
praying that the duty on foreign iron, as collected under the
taritFact ot 11^43, be made sp< eific.
By Mr. KING, of New Jersey : Two petitions far cheap
postage, of two cents prepaid per half ounce on letters for
any distance—one from inhabitants of Jer>ey City, and the
other from inhabitants of Newark, New Jersey.
Also, the petition of 45 ladies ot Newark, New Jersej',
for cheap postage, of two cenls, prepaid, forhulf ounce let-
ter postage for any distance.
By Mr. FOWLER: The remonstrance of Theodore Cobb
and 67 others, citizens of Massachusetts, against the fui ther
extension of Woodwoitii's patent.
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana; The petition of John
Covert and 1UU others, praying tor a more effectual law to
suppress the foieign slave-trade, and to aid the efforts of the
friend* of colonization.
By Mr. JACKSUN, of New Yoik: The petition of Hcn-
rv Br.'idiey, Charles C. Shepherd and 7uoiinrs, citizens of
Penn Yan, Yates coumy, New York, piaymjr that no State
hereafter be admitted into the Union, unless the constitution
ot such State shall expressly prohibit slavery witlim its
limits.
By Mr. WHITTLESEY: The memorial of William
Johnson and others, citizens of the State of Ohio, prajing
tor the establishment of a mail-route from Barlow, in Wash-
ington county, to Coolville, in Athens county.
By Mr. PliCK : The petition of Orra Crosby and others,
citizens of Hardwick and vscimfy, Vermont, for the prohi-
bition of slavery in the territories.
Alao, the petition of A.E. Goodwin and others, of the same
place, tor the abolition ot the slave-trade m District ol Co-
lumbia.
ANo, the petition of Kiah Bailey and others, of said
Hardwick and vicinity, m favor of extending jury trials to
fugitive slaves; and the remonstrance of the same indi-
viduals against the admission of any more slave States.
By Mr. SPAULD1NG: The petition of Apollos Hitch-
cock, for an amendment of the pennon law.
AI*o, the petition of John Folhngby, lor a revolutionary
pension
Also, the petition of H. D. Wyckoff and others, for an
amendment of the patent law.
By Mr. REED: The petition of James McFadden and 120
others, citizens ot Pennsylvania, praying that slavery and
the slave-trade may he expressly prohibited, by act ol Coi\-
giess, in all the territories of the United States.
By Mr. GOTT: The memorial of a mass convention of
mechanics, held at Syracuse, New York, against a renewal
of WoodworthN patent for a planing machine, and for a re-
peal of the act ot Congress, passed vn the j«j«r 1845, renew-
ing said patent.
By Mi. C.-^RTTER: The petition of Harmon Stidger and
100 others, ptaymg mail facilities on the route leading from
Canton, Stark county, to Salem, Cohnnbiana county, Ohio.
Also, the petition ol K. Chamberlain and 50 other citizens
of Stark county, on the same subject.
Also, the petition ot Aaron Vanderhoof and 50 others, on
the same subject.
Also, the petition of Henry Estep and 75 others on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Joseph Vesient and 30 others on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Jesse Williams and 40 others, on the
same subject.
By Mr. FREEDLEY: The petition of Jacob Parry and
66 other citizens of Delaware county. Pennsylvania, asking
the establishment of an Aguculiural bureau. *
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of John E. Levellee and
00 other citizens ot New Madiid county, Missouri, praj ina
for a mail-route from New Madrid to Wolf island, via
James's B<>yow, a dUance of about thnty-three miles.
By Mr. ROSS: The petition of democratic citizens of
Last Whiteland township, Chester county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against an> legislation by Congress on the
subject of slavery in the territories; and also, against the
abolition of slavery in the Dhtnct of Columbia.
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of Juliana Calvin and
68 other females ot Youngstown, Mahoning county, Ohio,
I praving for the abolition of slavery and the slave-trade
wheiever Congre>s has jurisdiction.
^ Al<o, the petition of Silas Ci oefcer and others, citizens of
Shaler^vitle, Portage comity, Ohio, praying Congtess to
issue Treasury notes for a cuirency.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 19, 1850.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented a petition of citi-
' zens of Putnam comity, in the State of Indiana,
j asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
j was referred to the Committee on tho Post-Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of the State of Wisconsin, asking
the establishment of a mail-route from Rockford,
Illinois, to Madison, Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on tho Post-Office and
Post Roads
