THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
313T Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1850.
New Series No. 104.
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hilliard,] rela-
tive to the actual economy of taking these perpet-
ual leases, struck him with great force. It would
be very desirable, indeed, to have-some general
system by which the expenses of the Government,
connected with the holding of the Federal courts
in the several States, could be regulated. At pres-
ent, in the places designated by law for the hold-
ing of the various courts, the Government, hav- j
ing no permanent places provided, was compelled
to pay rent for the use of the necessary rooms for
the preservation of the records and for the trans-
action of the business of the Federal courts.
Now, by way of illustration of the fact that it
would be economy, instead of this system of tem-
porary rents, to take perpetual leases, exempt
from taxation and other charges, of such rooms as
were necessary, let them take the small sum of
$5,000, which he had proposed for Marietta, Geor-
gia. The interest of that sum, at six percent.,
was only $300—a sum which must be admitted to
be, at that place, a most reasonable rent for such
rooms as were necessary for the accommodation of
the court there. But if the sum of §300 was paid
in the form of rent, in about fifteen years the aggre-
gate of $5,000 would have been paidj and the
Government would then be in no better a situation
in this respect, with no permanent rooms, and
obliged to pay an annual rent forever thereafter,
until some change of arrangement was made;
whereas, if the $5,000 were now paid, as he pro-
posed, at the end of the fifteen years, instead of
being without accommodations for the court, the
Government would have secured them forever
thereafter, and without being called to make any
additional payment. He concurred with the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that there was manifest and
great economy in such an arrangement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, opposed the
^amendment to the amendment, as well as the whole
system of perpetual leases. He said, circum-
stances might arise rendering it necessary tochange
the places of holding the courts, in which cases
the Government would not be released from the
payment of rent, but must pay it perpetually (in
the form of interest) whether the courts occupied
the rooms or not.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Haralson to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Milliard—
Mr. HAYMOND offered^the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
" And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
(o take similar lea>es from the pioper authorities at every
place where the circuit and district courts of the United
States are held, for which payment shall be hereafter pro-
vided by Jaw."
Mr. H. said, that he had offered this amend-
ment to ascertain whether it was the intention of
the Federal Government to provide houses for
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
States by building or leasing court-houses or court-
rooms; that if it was proper to appropriate money
for this purpose for the accommodation of the
court .at Utica, New York—for the courts of Geor-
gia and Alabama, it also was just and proper to
provide generally for this purpose; that the people
of Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and the rest
of the States would demand, with the same jus-
tice, a like provision to be made for them; and if
the system of court-house building was once
commenced, they would demand it, and with this
precedent before us how could you refuse?
Tnat in Western Virginia the Federal court was
maw held at five different places; and we have two
Federal courts in Eastern Virginia, in ail, seven.
That to make a like appropriation for leasing or
building court-houses at each of these points
would cost $84,000 in Virginia, which would cer-
tainly be made if you establish this precedent.
That in Virginia he had no knowledge of any
charge having been made for the use of the State
court-houses—certainly none such had been made
in Western Virginia. That he was satisfied no
such charge wqs contemplated by the justices con-
trolling the court-houses in Virginia—the people
104
were too anxious to have these courts held in their
counties to attempt any such thing. He hoped
his amendment would be adopted, so that if we
were to commence this system, that it should be
general, doing equal justice to every part of the
country.
Mr. MATTESON said the last amendment was
evidently with a view of so loading down this sec-
tion as to defeat it. In reference to the first pro- j
vision in this clause, reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, he wished to remark, that
the city of Utica, being about to erect a City Hall—
the circuit and district courts of the United States
being held there, and their records being deposited
there—had, through its Mayor, applied to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to know whether the United
States desired rooms to be prepared in the new
building for the holding of the courts, for the
judges and clerks' offices, and for the grand and
petit juries. The Secretary of the Interior, after
examining the subject, had recommended to the
Committee of Ways and gleans that an appropri-
ation should be made of §15,000, instead of the
$12,000 reported. This appropriation was also
recommended by the circuit judge (Nelson) of that
distsict, by the district judge, (Conkling,) he be-
lieved, by the clerk of the court, arid the marshal.
The rooms were not yet furnished; when fur-
nished judge Nelson was to examine them and
decide what rooms should be taken. The com-
mittee objected to purchasing a site and erecting a
building, because of the great expenses—expenses
which all understood—of keeping the buildings m
repair, of taxes, insurance, and all the expense
and trouble which was connected with the owning
of a public building by the Government; and they
proposed in lieu of all these expenses, that the
Government should take a perpetual lease of such
rooms as were necessary for all the purposes of the
courts for the district—a district, it would be ie-
membered, containing a population of more than
one million five hundred thousand inhabitants—
which lease could be obtained for the sum of
$12,000. None of the money was to be paid untd
the whole of the rooms were completed and ex-
amined. Fie had had search made, and he found
that in the southern district of New York the Gov-
ernment had paid for lents alone, for the courts
during the last eighteen months, $8,000-
Now, he appealed fo the committee if this plan
reported by the committee was not much the most
economical?
Mr. BOOTH interposed, and raised the point of
order that the gentleman was not opposing the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, but
was taking that side of the question, and advoca-
ting the general principles of the provision.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman had cer-
tainly spoken in opposition to the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia, though ihe Chair
could not say that his remarks at this time were
directly pertinent to it. He did not feel author-
ized, however, to declare the gentleman out of
order.
Mr. MATTESON resuming, repeated that he
hoped the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would be rejected, as it was intended to defeat
the whole clause. None of those places of which
the gentleman from Virginia spoke, had applied
for such an appropriation; when they did apply,
and when such a state of things existed as that
for which the Committee of Ways and Means had
reported this clause, he had no doubt at all but it
would be economy for the Government to make
provision similar to that which was now asked for
the permanent accommodation of the United States
circuit and district courts at Utica.
Mr. HARALSON raised the point of order,
that the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
was not in order, as it made no appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and said the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia was just as much in order as the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, or the origin-
al clause of the bill.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Taylor and Bowlin were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 65, noes 56.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Hilliard, and, being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. BOOTH moved to strike out the paragraph
as amended.
Mr. HAMPTON desired, he said, before the
item was stricken out, to offer the following
amendment:
" For the purchase of a site and the erection of a cu&t rn-
house, post office, court-house, and other neces^aiy public
ofhees, at Piitsbufg, Pennsylvania, to he expended under the
direction ot the. Secretary ot tko Tieasury, the sum of fifty
thousand dollars: Provided, The cost of purchasing said
site and erecting said buildings s>hall not exceed the sum
above appropriated.1'
Mr. H. said: Mr. Chairman, the amendment I
have proposed, contemplates the erection of a cus-
tom-house, post office, and court-house in the city
of Pittsburg. 1 am aware, sir, that it may be
objected to the erection ot" a custom-house, that
under the law as it now stands, there is but a small
amount of duties collected at that port: a few
words will serve to explain ihe reason.
By the act of 2d Maich, 1831, all goods, wares,
and merchandise imported into St. Louis, Cincin-
nati,and Pittsburg, are required to be imported by
the way of New Orleans, when certain entries are
to be made on the books of the collector of that
port, before the soods can be passed, or permitted
to proceed to the ports before mentioned. At that
time goods, destined for those cities, could be more
easily brought into the country by New Orleans,
than any other way. But since the construction of
our lines of public improvement from the eastern
cities westward, our importing merchants at Pitts-
burg enter their goods in the East, and pay the
duties tnere, in preference to going round by New
Orleans. A proposition is now pending before the
Senate, I am [informed, in pursuance of a recom-
mendation from the Secietary of the Treasury,
based on the petition of our importing merchants,
to repeal that act, and authorize the entry of goods
111 the Pastern ports, and the payment of dunes in
Pittsburg.
Should this change in the law be made, as I
hope it will, the amount of duties collected at the
port of Pittsburg will equal, if not exceed, that
collected either at Cincinnati or St. Louis. We
have a larger amount of tonnage there than ateither
of the other places; more than twice that of C111-
c'nnati, and more by several thousand than that of
St. Louis. And beside, wc collect a huge amount of
marine hospital money, all which the surveyor of
the port mustieceive, keep safely, and account for
to the Government. So much for the custom-
house.
The committee has already authorized the erec-
tion of a post office at Cincinnati and St. Louis.
The pos' office at Pittsburg has been made by
law the depository of public money for many of
the surrounding post offices, in add.tion to the
large amount of public money collected at that
office. By the act of Congress, commonly called
the sub-treasury law, the postmaster is prohibited
from deposi'ing the public money id batiks. The
office is kept in a building (the best that can be
procured for the purpose) wholly unsafe and inse-
cure. The public money, therefore, to say noth-
ing of the large amount of money constantly
passing through the office, belonging to the mer-
cantile and business portion of the community,
must bo very unsafe; and if either Cincinnati or
St. Louis is entitled to a building to be elected by
the Government for th.it purpose, Pittsburg has
equal, if not superior claims to either.
With regard to a court-house, 1 beg leave to
state to the committee, that the Government is
paying a heavy rent for court-rooms, offices, &c.,
for the accommodation of its officers. Much
might be saved to the Government in the judicious
expenditure of a few thousand dollais, and the
public good thereby g-catly promotef.
I would further stale, that the Government owns
a lot of giouiid in the city of Pittsburg, on which
is erected a house, formeily occupied as a military
