1850.
Also a petition of sixteen females and twenty
males, of " Sun Prairie," Dane County, Wiscon-
sin, deploring the manifold evils of war, and pro-
posing, as a substitute therefor, a congress of
nations, or stipulated arbitration; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
petition of the heir at law of Solomon Par3ons,
asking compensation for the services of said Par-
sons, as a soldier in the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the committer on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the memorial of J. B. Toby & Co., and
Lewis Kenney & Co., asking that certain duties
illegally exacted of them on a cargo of coal, may
be refunded; whioh was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BALDWIN presented the petition of the
members offthe junior class of Yale College, at
New Haven, Connecticut, asking for a reduction
of the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post-Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio; a petition of citizens of Me-
dina county, in the same State; a petition of the
teachers and students in the Albany Manual La-
bor Academy, of Albany, in the State of Ohio;
and a petition of J. Maris, student in the Citi-
zen's Academy at Albany, Ohio, asking a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage to two cents 011 all
prepaid letters not exceeding half an ounce; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post-Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented four memo-
rials, numerously signed by citizens of the State of
Iowa, asking a grant of the public lands for the
benefit of the Branch University, at Fairfield, in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of the
United States, and two petitions of citizens of
Michigan, in favor of a reduction of the rates of
postage; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post-Office and Post Roads.
Also, submitted documents in relation to the
claim of Robert Abbot, to compensation for losses
by Indian depredations; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
EXTENSION OF A PATENT.
Mr. CLAY. I have been requested to present
to the Senate the petition of Wm. R. Nevin, of
the city of New York, for a renewal or extension
of his patent right. Mr. Nevin obtained a patent
in 1836 for a very important invention which he
had made in the manufacture or making of bread,
biscuits, and crackers. The invention made by
this gentleman is of so much importance that, by
testimony which 1 hold m my hand, it appears to
be established, that there is a saving of a quarter
of a dollar upon every barrel of flour by employ-
inir jt. In the specification which accompanied his
invention in 1836, there was some defect, which
rendered the pattnt invalid, and it became neces-
sary to lake out a new patent, with a more full
and satisfactory specification. This he did in
1848; and therefore the patent right commenced,
or the validity of the patent, at least, from 1848;
but having been deprived of the benefit of it by
the circumstances to which I have adverted, he
wishes now to have it prolonged. The petitioner
appears to be a poor but very honest man. He is
a man in an humble condition of life, but he is, i
have no doubt, from all I have seen and heard of
him, one of considerable merit. I am myself not
favorable to the extension of patents. 1 think the
case ought to be a very rare one in which Con-
gress should grant an extension of a patent right;
hut really, in a case like this, where the individual
has been deprived of the benefits of his patent
from the causes which I have mentioned, it seems
to me but reasonable to give him an extension of
the time—thus securing to him only the fourteen
years contemplated by the act of Congress.
! move that the reading of the petition be dis-
pensed with, and that, together with the_ printed
documents which accompany it, it be referred to
the Committee on Patents.
It was referred accordingly.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Or-kreit, That the petition of Asa Andrews, on the files of
the Senate, be referral to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNf ER,
Ordcrel, That the petition of the heirs of John Ramsay, on
the files ot the Senate, be referred to the Comfiiittee on
Revolutionary Claims..
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
Ordered, That the petition of Enoch Baldwin, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by iMr. PRATT,
Ordered, That the memorial ot Lavinia Taylor, widow of
Isaac Taylor, on the files of the Senate, be relerred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the report of Pro-
fessor Espy, on meteorology, communicated by
the Secretary of the Navy, be printed; which
motion was ordered to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. PRATT,
Ordered, That the memorial of John McColgan, taking
reimbursement of certain advances made by him for the
support of Ametican seamen, while representing a claim
against the British Government, betaken from the file*, and
reierred to the Commiu.ee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Gad Humphreys, asking compensation for
properly destroyed in Florida, by order of the
United States officeis during the Seminole war,
reported a bill for his relief; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Lewis Morris and
others, reported back the same without amend-
ment.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Daniel G.-Garnsey, an
officer in the last war with Great Britain, asking
compensation for his military services, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was concurred in.
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the motion to print the petition of
Democratic citizens of East Whiteland township,
Chester county, Pennsylvania, against the exten-
sion of the Wilmot proviso to territory acquired
from Mexico, reported against printing the same;
which was concurred in.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
Thomas Allen, asking an appropriation in fulfill-
ment of a contract for printing the compendium
of the sixth census, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
GEORGETOWN CANAL.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me-
morial of-the Corporation of Georgetown, asking
the authority of Congress to construct certain
works on or near the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal,
reported a bill to enable the Corporation of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, to constiuct
certain works therein "mentioned, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read a first time by its title.
Mr. MASON. The bill relates to a matter of
great local interest to the people of Georgetown,
with reference to the trade of the canal. It is in-
tended simply to give power to the corporation,
with the consent of the Chesapeake and Ohio Ca-
nal Company, to construct works on the line of
the canal, where it passes through Georgetown.
It is expected thatihe canal will be finished early
in the ensuing summer, if not at the close of the
spring, and it is important that the work should
be done at once. I would, therefore, ask the Sen-
ate to allow the bill to be considered now, and
passed. 1 may add, that the bill has been framed
with great care, and with the zealous assistance
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana over the
way.
The bill was then read a second time at length,
and considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman of the com-
mitttee had explained the necessity of this bill,
which seems to me to be of rather a novel char-
acter.
If I understand it, the corporation can take pos-
session of the private property of any citizen of
Georgetown which they may want, deprive him
| of it without his consent, and it leaves it to the
I discretion of o jury of the corporation themselves
to say, at what rate he shall sell ft. Now, I ap-
prehend that the furthest that this, or any Gov-
ernment ought to go, is to take possession, of
private property for the public use. 1 do not'un-
derstand what the purposes of this' corporation
are. I believe it is for manufacturing or mercan-
tile purposes, it is the city corporation; and for a
certain purpose, they propose to have the whole
property of Georgetown subjected to their arbi-
tiary seizure, and a jury of the corporation to say
the price which they shall receive for it.
If the citizens of Georgetown want these pro-
visions, I have not a word to say against it, but I
cannot consent, as a legislator, to the incorpora-,
Hon of such a principle in any bill passed by this
body. 1 repeat, that the furthest this or any Gov-
ernment should go, is to take possession of private
property, making just compensation for it, when
the public interests urgently require it, and the
exigency is great for the exercise of that power.
Mr. MASON. I can assure the Senator from
New Hampshire that these questions were very
maturely considered by the committee that brought
in this bill—the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. They had it under consideration for some
time. They had several interviews with the Mayor
and corporate authorities of Georgetown, and the
committee appointed by the corporation to ask
this legislation of Congress, and they were satis-
fied, not only that the citizens of Georgetown,
whose property would be affected by ihe Dill, were
desirous that the law should pass, but that it was
highly important to the interests of the inhabitants
that it should pass, and also that the interests of a
large portion of country arfe involved in the bill.
The Chesapeake anil Ohio Canal will shortly have
a terminus at Cumberland, and the people of a large
portion of the country are deeply interested m
having at Georgetown the means of accommoda-
ting the trade of that canal. The committee were
satisfied that it is a case which comes within the
general provision of the iaw, and of" our Constitu-
tion, which authorizes the taking of private prop-
erty for the public use, on just compensation being
made to ihe owners. The whole object is to en-
able the Corporation of Georgetown to construct
certain works on the canal—enlarging it in certain
| places, constructing basins and communications
i between the canal and the river, to accommodate
\ the trade which must come down on this canal as
soon as it is finished.
The corporation are to derive no benefit what-
ever from the works, excepting lhat which will
give them remuneration for the money expended;
and there is a provision in the bill that the whole
authority of the corporation over the matter shall
be always subject to ihe supervision of Congress.
That is the real aim of the bill It does not tres-
pass up6n private rights, unless it be considered
a trespass upon private fights to take possession
of property for the public use, and make proper
compensation for it.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied with the explana-
tion of the chairman of the committee, but I
would suggest to him, whether it would not be
better that the jurors should not be taken from
the city of Georgetown, whose interests are im-
mediately affected?
Mr. MASON. My impression of the provision
is, that the jury are to be taken from the District
of Columbia.
Mr. HALE. Let that part of the bill be read.
Mr. MASON. I should not consider that a
matter of great moment, because the people of
Georgetown would be more likely to do justice to
their fellow-citizens.
Mr. HALE. Except where there are conflict-
ing interests.
j The Secretary then read the portion of the
i bill referred to. .
Mr. HALE. It seems to me, Mr. President,
i that that is a wrong provision. The corporation
' nay the damages, anil this bill provides that the
! jurors shall be taken from that very corporation
11 which has to pay the damages, and therefore di-
'! rectly interested against the land owners. 1 wish
; that an amendment might be made. t I do not
i know that there is any danger, but it is an unsafe
! piovision,
1 Mr. MASON. I do not know that any advan-
I ta<*e would be derived from an amendment. The
| District of Columbia, as it at present exists, is a
I very small territory, including only Washington,
I Georgetown, and a small tract of country called
