1650
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 24,
.storehouse. The store having .been removed to
the garrison, out of the city, that property is en-
tirely unproductive now, and mieht, by dividing
it into lots, be sold for some $20,000. The pro-
ceeds of this sale, with a small addition, would
pay for the erection of the buildings proposed.
As I am allowed but five minutes under your
rules to explain my amendment, I must close my
remarks by expressing the hope that the com-
mittee will agree to the amendment, and let it take
its chance in the House, with others of a similar
character. ^
Mr. H1BBARD said he was opposed to this
amendment. It had been presented before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and rejected, for
the reason that the amount of dfcstoms received at
Pittsburg did not justify the appropriation.
That amount for the year ending June 30,
1849, was only §816 10
The expensed'collection for that year was 466 66
Excess of receipts over expense §353 44
On the supposition that the receipts of customs
at Pittsburg should continue the same as for the
past year, it would take about sixty-one years for
the amount received to equal the sum now pro-
posed to be appropriated—i. e-, $50,000—without
taking into account the interest on the appropria-
tion. The interest each year, at six per cent ,
would be $3,000 00
Deducting the sum collected yearly, say 816 00
Leaves an excess of $2,124 00
excess of interest over the sum collected each year,
without considering the expense of collection.
This, in sixty-one years, would amount, in in-
terest, to $133,492 40
Adding the sum appropriated  50,000 00
Makes a total of...- £>183,492 40
at the end of sixty-one years.
Deducting the amount collected for sixty-one
years, at ij816 per year, there remains $133,716 40
excess of cost over receipts for that period, which
is the loss the Government would sustain.
It may be said (and with great probability of
truth) that the amount of revenue collcetcd would
increase during this time. To meet this no ac-
count has been taken in this estimate of the ex-
pense of collection, which, for the year in ques-
tion, was $462 66, as already stated.
This calculation, of course, is not accurate. It
is not put forth as such; but it approximates to a
correct result, and may enable the committee to
come to a right conclusion upon this amendment.
Pittsburg is certainly an important and a flour-
ishing city, and it is not its least good fortune that
it has the able gentleman who offered this amend-
ment for its Representative; but its business is riot
nf the kind which affords great revenue to the
Government in the form of customs. Besides,
there is in this bill already appropriated for the
marine hospital in Pittsburg, in three several items,
$28,753 42.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question then recuired on striking out the
paragraph as amended.
Mr. BOOTH was understood to inquire,
whether it was in order to submit a few remarks?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the neguti ve.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Brown of
Indiana, and Calvin, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 107, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved the following amendment:
Sec. 2. Be if. further enacted, That hom and after the
pa-5-Ajze of this act, ttie compensation of the laborus on the
public grounds?, under the puhl.c gardener in W.i^lmifiion
citv, shall he toriy dollars mouth, to he paid monthly,
without ieduction for nine lost in consequence oi Mcknos.
Mr. J., in explanation, said that he had offered
this amendment under the instruction of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The laborers for
whose benefit it was proposed received now one
dollar per day; but if they happened to lose a day
on account of sickness, their pay, and consequent-
ly their bread, which depended on their pay, was
siopped. They were the poorest among all the
classes of the Government employees; and they
were the only persons in the employ of the Gov-
ernment, that he knew of, whose compensation
was withheld for time lost by sickness. The
amendment had received the unanimous endorse-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
he hoped no objection would be made to it.
The amendment was agiesd to.
Mr. BAYLY offered the following amendment,
viz:
<£ Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury are hereby authorized, in settling the
accounts of Captain M. M. Chirk, superintendent m erect-
ing barracks and quarters at Savannah, Georgia, to al'ow
him credit for whatever amount was properly disbursed by
him beyond the sums wlucli be disbursed under the law
making specific appi-opriation forthe woik."
Mr. DUNHAM raised a question of order, upon
the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I will say s word in expla-
nation of this amendment. There was a law
passed making a specific appropriation for the
erection of barracks at Savannah, Georgia. There
was also a general appropriation for the erection
of barracks. The specific appropriation for that
object ran out; and in making theestimates for the
next year, General Jackson decided (as a letter
from General Jesup, which he, (Mr. B.) would
send to the Clerk's table to be read, would show)
that the barracks could be completed under the
general appropriation. Orders to that effect were
issued to Captain Clark, superintendent of the
work, by General Cass, then Secretary of War,
under instructions from General Jackson. Under
these circumstances the accounting officers refused
to allow the account. The object of the amend-
ment was merely to allow a dilFeient state of the
accounts.
After a brief conversation between Mr. BAYLY
and the Chair—
Mr. BAYLY sent to the Clerk's table the letter
of General Jesup; which was read.
The Chair decided the amendment to be in order.
And the question having been taken, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. PEA.SLEE offered the following amend-
ment, which jvas read:
Sec. 3. Aiul be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and tie is hereby, authorized and dnected ;
to allow Uw  State nf New Hampshire interest, at the rate of \
six per centum per annum, on tiie amount paid out by ."aid !
State m IS36 and 1837, for imlitaiy expen^sm repelling in- j
va^ton (tin! suppressing insurrection at Indian Stream, in ;
said State, from the time of pa\ ment until tht! pnncipal sum !
was lep, iid by the United States; and to pay the amount j
a.-oei tamed to be due, not exceeding mx thousand dollars, ,
out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri- j
atcd: Proaded, hoivevei, That interest shall nut be allowed
on any sum the State has not expended for the use and j
bene lit of the United States, as evidenced by the amount}
refunded to s.ud State; nor imerest dining any time on any i
larger "-urn than the State was pajing interest for at such j
time." |
Mr. P. in support of the amendment, said: |
At the last session of Congress, an act was passed •
authorizing the Second Auditor of the Treas- |
ury to settle and adjust the accounts of the State I
of New Hampshire for military expenses incurred j
by the State in repelling invasion and suppressing j
insurrection at Indian Stream m 1836 and 1837, j
and to pay the amount ascertained to be due. j
I contend that this subsequent ratification by the S
Government of the acts of the State, places her j
claim for repayment of her expenses and advances j
on the same ground as if original authority had \
been given the State by the Government to "incur j
thc3c expenses—on the same ground as if the Con- [
gress had passed an act before the expenses were I
incurred, saying to the State in substance, " repel j
this invasion, suppress this insurrection, and what- j
ever necessary usual expenses are incurred shall ;
be repaid you." j
The amendment only proposes to repay the !
State the necessary and unavoidable expenses, and I
only those which have been usually, I may say
invariably allowed in similar cases. ■
The committee will bear in mind, that if the j
State of New Hampshire has paid no inteiest for .
the use and benefit of the Government, it can re- !
ceive none, by the express terms of the amend- j
ment. !
The State is not, then, asking usance for the |
moneys advanced by her, but simply a return with- \
out interest df the "specific sums paid out of her ;
treasury for the United States. ;
it is m truth a claim for a part of the principal j
debt owing to the State by the United States; for ;
although the State advanced it in the name of in- j
terest on the money she had borrowed, it became, '
at the moment of the advance, a part of the prin- |
cipal sum due theState from the Government. This j
is illustrated by familiar transactions between man
and man. One'pays for another his principal debt,
with the interest that has accumulated on it: from
the moment of the payment, the principal and in-
terest unite in constituting a new debt, the whole
| of which, as regards the person who made the ad-
\ vance, is principal and carries interest. So one
j borrrows for another a sum of money and pays
I interest upon it. The borrower becomes the cred-
| itor of him for whose use the money was bor-
i rowed, and the interest paid upon the loan const!-
! tutes a principal to the borrower and cariies in-
terest.
These are principles perfectly familiar in our
courts of justice, and are founded in those perfect
doctrines of the common law, based in common
right, matured by experience, and sanctioned by
the wisdom of centuries.
If the State had paid six thousand dollars of in-
terest upon the United States debt, it could not be
pretended that it ought not to be islanded, upon
the ground that the Government does not pay in-
terest. No sound distinction can be drawn be-
i tween those advances which the Government has
i already sanctioned and repaid the State and its
advances for interest upon loans, hired in conse-
quence of these advances. The Government has
saved to itself the same amount of interest that it
has compelled the State to pay for its use, for it
has been paying interest ever since the debt was
due.
The doctrine that the Government does not pay
| interest, except when it has been contracted for,
| has no application to this question* either m prac-
tice or reason, for the State asks simply a return of
| its actual advances, and where the Government haa
; profited ps well by the advance as the omission to
> pay—and where, too, the Government by us own
; acts, (as I endeavored to show in my remarks 1
1 had the honor of submitting to the committee a few
; days sincc,) occasioned both the original advance
and the loss of interest to the State, now asked to
j be refunded.
' The State of New Hampshire has paid out
; money to repel the invasions of a foreign Govern-
ment and tosuppiess insurrection. Congress so
affirmed and declared at its last session, by a sol-
emn act, and placed it on its statute book, now in*
my hands.
The Government guaranties, in the 4th section
of the 4th article of the Constitution, not barely by
inference but in express terms, u protection against
invasion and domestic violence."
When, then, the Government shall neglect to
fulfill its obligations, and leave the State to provide
Us own means of defence, the expenditure thus in-
curred becomes a debt against the Government,
which it is bound to reimbuise, and sueh has beea
its practice from its ftrst organization.
This is all the State now asks. She does not
ask interest on her money, but simply a return of
the money, she has paid to others in the name of
interest, in consequence of her taking the place of
the United States, and performing a duty which
the United States was bound to perform by the
Constitution.
Reason, authority, and precedent, as 1 endeav-
ored to show a few days since, all agree, that where
a State is left to perform a duty which the General
Government was bound to perform by the rela-
tions subsisting between the Government and the
State, and is obliged to hire money in consequence,
and incurs a debt drawing mteiest, such a debt is
essentially a debt of the General Government, and
the Government is bound to pay both principal
and interest. So that if a State shall have paid in-
terest by reason of its taking the place of the
United States, it forms a just charge, a just debt
against the Government.
This is the only principle involved m the
amendment, and it nas been sanctioned and lecog-
nized, over and over again. The committee will
bear in mind, that in one of the general appropria-
tion bills of 1811, provision was made for paying
the city of Mobile her advances and expenses on
account of two companies of mounted men, called
out by the Governor of the State, to lesist the ag-
gressions of the Creek Indians, in lb3ti, and in-
terest was allowed. In one of the general appro-
priation bills of the last Congress, the Secretary
of the Treasury w*s authorized to pay Captain
John Caldwell $657 and interest, from June 2ti,
1847, being money expended by him for blankets
and clothing for the 2d regiment of the Ohio vol-
