qONOEESSIQI^AL GLOBE.
March 20,
the county of Washington. I have never.consult-
ed with the authorities of Georgetown where tke
jury should be taken from, and I do not know
what the.opinion of the people of" Georgetown
would be upon that point, but I think this duty
may be very safely trusted to the people of
Georgetown; and as I know there is competition
for the trade of this canal between the' three cities
of Georgetown, Washington, and Alexandria,
perhaps it would be better to leave this matter tp
the people of Georgetown alone. Unless the
Senator from New Hampshire insists on having
tlje amendment 01- modification'made, I submit to
him respectfully that it would perhaps be better
* to allow the bill to remain as it is. I do not want
to obstruct the passage of the bill by declining to
accede to the amendment, but I would much pre-
fer that it should remain as it is.
Mr. HALE did not press his opposition, and
there^ being no other proposition made to amend
the bill, it was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and subsequent-
ly, by unanimous consent, was read a third time
and passed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or some early day thereafter,
ask leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to establish an additional land-office in
Iowa.
A bill for the relief of Elisha Hampton and
others, of Iowa.
Mr. FELCH gave notice that he would to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, ask leave to intro-
duce a bill to revive and continue in force for a
limited time, the provisions of an act relative to
suspended entries of public lands.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. UPHAM submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
an I agreed to:
Retolkcd, That he Committee ori Commerce he instruct-
ed to ini}uir.' into the expediency of changing Hit: port of
entiy in the district of Vennotit, trom Alb 'rg, in Giand Isle
county, to Burlington, In Chittenden county.
Mr. KING submitted^ the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
p agreed to:
Re-wlc'il, That the Committee on the Post-Office and
Po-t Rn.ul,, lie instructed to inquire imo the expediency of
establishing a pn.i route I'tmn Inbertv Hill, Dallas county
by McKmley, to Dayton, in Matengo county. '
INTEREST ON BOUNTY SCRIP.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If there be no further
morning business, I will ask the Senate to indulge
me by taking up the joint resolution which I intro-
duced sonje (lays ago, lelative to the payment of
dividends or interest on war bounty scrip, and
which was reported from the Committee en Fi-
nance, with an amendment.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was read, as amended by the committee, as fol-
lows:
Rajlvcd, V:. That the Secretary of the Treasury be and
he k heii'hv, rlueeted,in redeeming and 1I1-1 harmris the ob-
ligations upon the. Government tor war bounty «i-rip which
art a-wgnahle, to pay the as-isuer and holder of Mich obli-
gation-, all ihvid' nds 01 inteiest which have been or-hall be
declared and set apail, and pa- cd lo the credtt of the obli-
gee upon the books of the Tr< a-urv subsequent to the dale
oi the assignment, unless such dividends or interest has been
paid t,. ih< ntiligen before [nonce ol tin- alignment] the
trawjp' of ty -en;) upon the hoi!,--: of the office m the Re 
r'ymtnl" rc'"ury> ur the V^lMion thereof for final
The amendment of the committee is to strike
out the woids within brackets, and insert those in
italic.
The joint resolution having been read a second
time, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole,'the question being on the amendment re-
ported by ihe committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 hold in my hand one
of those war bounty scrips, and if the Senate will
be kind enoifgh to give me its attention, 1 will ex-
plain the matter. Indeed, the paper itself will ex-
plain the whole object of the resolution. This
paper, or war bounty scrip, is an obligation upon
the Government for one hundred dollars, beinu-a
commutation which the Government agrees to pay
for the hundred and sixty acres of land given to
the soldier, it is known (hat many, perhaps
thousands, of the war bounty scrips have issued
to the western people for their services in the
JVlexican war. The paper upon its face obliges
the Government to pay 0;ne hundred dollars, re-
deemable at the pleasure of the Government, with
semi-annual interest, at six per cent, per annum,
payable on the first day of January and the first day
of July, in each year; and this scrip is transferable
upon the books of the Register of the Treasury,
when it shall be assigned by the individual to whom
it is granted; and the scrip thus assigned is pre-
sented by the assignee to the Treasurer. Now,
sir, upon the back of each of these Government
obligations there are directions telling how the
holder is to assign the scrip to the purchaser; the
terms of the assignment and the manner in which
it is to be done, are all given. This particular scrip
issued to a man by the name of MacDaniel,. on the
24th of February, 1848, who assigned it to a man
by the name of Helm. Now, if the Senate will
bear in mind that MacDaniel is the holder of the
scrip, that lie assigned it to Mr. Helm on the 24th
of February, and then recollect that there was
three dollars interest due on the first of July fol-
lowing, the forcc of my resolution will be seen at
once. After the first of July Mr. Helm applied
for the three dollars of interest. The Government
refused-to pay. He says:
" I purchased this scrip in February last; and as I bought
ttm February, and as on lite lace of the paper you author-
ized me to piesent it the very day I bought It, and promised
you would issue new scnp by tiaiisteiring it on the books
ot the Treasury Department, why not pay me the three dol-
lars? Under the assignment I am entitled to the dividends
atter I became the assignee ol the scrip."
That is the way the holder of the scrip reasons,
and makes his application to the Secretary of the
Treasury. What is the answer he receives? The
Secretary says:
" ( cannot pay you the three dollars, Mr. Helm, because,
when the flistof Jul) arnved, I passed the tlln e dollars upon
tile book, of the Treasuiy to tin en do ol Mr. Mae Daniel. I
did not know at the time f made the tran-fer that you, tylr.
Helm, had purchased this scnp. Having passed the tluee
dolfars lo ttie credit of iVlr. MacDaniel on tile books of the
Trea-ury, X i(;lu-e to pay it to you."
Now, sir, my resolution requires, with the
amendment made by the Committee on Finance,
that as the whole of this scrip is now to be dis-
charged, when presented, as the Government has
refused to pay interest any longer upon it, that
whenever the scrip is presented, the interest shall
go to the assignee with the principle, provided
that interest has accrued, and a dividend been
declared, subsequent to the date of the assign-
ment.
Now, sir, it seems to me so plain a matter of
law and justice, that, unless some objection is
made to it, 1 shall leave it to the good sense of the
Senate to dispose of it. There can be no difficulty,
because, when the Secretary of ihe Treasury pays
off the scrip, he will, upon the books of the Treas-
ury, say that these dividends, acciuing subse-
quent to the date of the assignment, have been paid
to the assignee; and should Mr. MacDaniel, as in
this case, or any other holder of scrip, apply for
ihe payment of dividends, the Government will
have nothing to do but to take out the original
scrip, and to show that the assignee was entitled
to the interest, although it pa-sed to the ciedit of
the original holder upon Lhe books. I will say
no more, having, as I believe, sufficiently explained
the matter.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
There being no other amendment, the joint
resolution was reported back to the Senate, the
amendment agreed to in Committee of the Whole
was concurred m, the resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was subse-
quently read a third time, and passed.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the series of resolutions some time since offeied
by Mr. Clay.
Mr. BADGER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday, [of which
a report will appear in the Appendix.]
A brief conversational debate ensued between i
C^and BADGfER,and m which Mr.
L>xVV16, or Mississippi, also joined, respecting
certain points which had been referred to in the
course ot Mr. Badger's remarks.
Mi. CHASE then moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until Mon-
Mr. HALE. 1 will suggest, that it was my
puipose to submit some remarks upon another
subject which has been made the order for this
day; but it would be quite as convenient for me to
proceed at this time, and, as this is an analogous
subject, it will answer as well as the other.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senate will make such a disposition of the subject
now pending, that the census bill may be proceeded
with, and that we will continue its consideration
until finally disposed of, which I trust can be
speedily accomplished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of this subject untft Monday next.
Mr. WHITCOMB. Unless the intermediate
days are assigned to other matters, I can see no
necessity for so long a postponement.
Mr. CHASE. They are assigned.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I am exceedingly anxious
that this discussion should progress. I would
like to be informed by the Chair whether every
day of this week is already appropriated ?
Mr. HALE. 1 will suggest that, by common
consent, the subject upon which 1 had the floor—
that is, the message of the President in reference
to California—was postponed until to-day. The
two subjects are analogous, however, and my re-
marks will be german to either. I am ready to
submit the few remarks that I have to ofier upon
this measure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CHASE. There are other important sub-
jects to be considered. There is the census bill.
I supposed that bill had been made the order of
the day for to-day, and it was with the view of
proceeding with it that I moved the postponement
of this subject. If the special order, upon which
the Senator from New Hampshire has the floor, be
postponed until to-morrow, he will then have an
opportunity of being heard upon it, and the Sena-
tor from New Jersey will also have an opportunity
of making his remaiks. We might take up the
census bill, and probably dispose of it, and pro-
ceed with the consideration of the subject of Cali-
fornia to-morrow.
Mr. DAYTON. I will make a suggestion to
the Senator from Ohio, that it will answer his pur-
pose as well to have this subject laid over until
to-morrow, and allow the Senator from New
| Hampshire to go on at this time, and then to bring
these four matters together, and consolidate Ihem.
There are now four subjects before the Senate, and
they are alternating—a gentleman gets the floor for
a certain day upon one of these four subjects, and
another is set down for the next day, and so on
alternating for four days. Now, why not let them
all lie over until to-morrow, and then consolidate
them, and let the Senator from New Hampshire
go on to-morrow, and I will follow him the dav
after ? '
Mr. HALE. I would prefer to go on now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I certainly have no objection.
Mr. HALE. 1 have not a very long speech to
make, and 1 have no ambition to make it extend
through two days.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not know
that 1 have any objection to the Senator from New
Hampshire going on to-day, but I really hope the
census bill will be taken up to-morrow. I should
be extremely glad if the Senate would support me
m the proposition to take up the census bill to-
morrow, if the Senator from New Hampshire goes
on to-day. " '
Mr. HALE then addressed the Senate, mainly
in reply to the speech of Mr. Calhoun. [Of his
remarks a report will appear in the Appendix.]
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 20, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday having being read •
Mr. PHELPS moved that it lie so amended as
to state that the letter from the Postmaster-Gen-
eral, transmitting, in compliance with the resolu-
tions of the 4th February last, statements showing
the number of failures of the mail on the route
between the cities of Washington and New Or-
leans, during each of the years ending on the 31st
of December, 1848 and 1849, &c., and also the
probable cost of running the ilaily express mail
between Griffin, in Georgia, and Mobile, had yes-
terday been referred to the Committee on the
Post-Office and Post Roads.
Ordered accordingly.
