1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1651
unteers. In the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bii! of the same Congress, provision was
made to repay the State of" Virginia the money
paid by her, under judgments of her courts, to her
revolutionary officers and soldiers, to the amount
of about $81,000, and a part of this sum was for
interest as well as principal. These cases are in
point both to show the amendment to be in order
to an appropriation bill, and also, as to the Crov-
ernments jecognizing and sanctioning the princi-
pleinvoived m the amendment.
In all eases during; the war of 1812, and to which
I have alluded heretofore, where cities and States
borrowed money to pay their militia and volun-
teers, called out for their particular defence, it has
been repaid to them, where they have applied for
it. Pennsylvania borrowed large sums nominally
for the General Government, but substantially for
herself, to pay her militia, called out for her de-
fence. Pennsylvania paid the interest, -and the
Government returned it.
The Executive of New York also borrowed
money to pay her troops, called out for the partic-
ular defence of New York. New York paid the
interest, and the Government returned it. So U
was with the States of Virginia, South Carolina,
Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, and the cities
of Baltimore and Mobile. An act was passed at
the last session of Congress, allowing the State of
Alabama interest on her advances in the suppres-
sion of the Creek hostilities in 1836 and '3V. Un-
der the act of 1814 authorizing the settlement, of
the Florida claims according to the principles of
justice and equity, and growing out of the defence
of the inhabitants, interest was allowed on one
hundred and nine cases in number, although not a
word is said in the act about interest.
Shall not the claim of New Hampshire be set-
tled on the principles of equity and justice ? By
the act of second of July, 1836, for the settlement
of the claim of Mary O'Suihvan, she was to be
paid the amount of "actual loss." Under these
words 4( actual loss," interest was allowed.
litis not the actual loss by the State been at leaat
the amount of the interest she has paid out, in con-
sequence of the laches, delays, and acts of the
Government itself, as I endeavoied to show the
other day, when I hud the honor of addiessing the
committee? Has not the Government, too, saved
the same amount of mtereset it has compelled the
State to pay for its use and benefit, and profited
both by the original advance and the forbearance?
Supposing the State, instead of hiring the money
and paying for these expenditures as they oc-
curred, had given to the soldiers and others for
supplies furnished, certificates bearing interest or
not bearing interest, and the United Stated had
delayed, as in this case, acting for thirteen years
after they were presented—would the United
►States, when they acted, have said—" True these
are just claims against us and ought to have been
paid when first demanded, thirteen years ago, but
as we had not time to attend to this subject, we
can't allow interest, aithougu we do in all analo-
gous cases "
This would be absurd—-it would be mockety.
If would be adding insult to injury. In regard to
its being in order, it is a debt due from the United
Stales, and as such i conceive it to be perfectly in
order to provide for its payment in the general ap-
propriation bill.
it is a debt authorized by the Constitution, by
the compact entered-into between the States, as
well as by the act of the last session of Congress;
especially taking into view the construction the
Government has given to its constitutional obliga-
tions in like cases by numerous precedents.
.The Constitution creates the obligation to indem
nify the SLate for all proper expenses incurred by
her in repelling foreign invasion, independent of
all other authority or any law; and by the uniform
practice of the Government from its first organi-
zation, by what may be termed the common law
of thecountiyin such cases, the interest lost or
paid out by the State is settled and fixed to be a
proper expense.
A previous law or authority from the Executive
to incur these expenses would only be meie evi-
dence of a preexisting obligation, but by no means
increase it. If is not the written bond that creates
the moral ob'igation on the debtor to pay a debt,
but a preexisting consideration, of which the bond
is merely the evidence.
But we have in this case, not only the obligation
imposed by the Constitution to pay this debt, but
we have also the acknowledgment of the Govern-
ment, as evidenced by theact of the last session of
Congress, that these expenses were incurred for
an object and purpose for which the United States
are bound to indemnify the State. It is afdebt,
then, originally created by the Constitution, sanc-
tioned by law and precedent, and resting upon
those eternal principles of justice and good faith
which are fundamental in the jurisprudence of
every enlightened country, and which the United
States have recogmzcd and enfoiced. Cannot
provision, then, be made for its payment in the
general appropriation bill, which is sure to be ,
acted on at this session ? or must it be consigned to |
the calendar, and action be had on it no one knows ,
when ? it is idle to say that we cannot embrace in a
general appropriation bill any items except those
which have been especially mentioned in a previ- 1
ous law. i
The claim is for a small amount, and the State !
would never probably have asked for its allow- i
ance, had there then not been so many similar
chums allowed involving precisely the same prin-
ciples.
New Hampshire is one of the last States in the
Union to lead thewayto the doors of the Treasury; j
it is not her habit to seek for herself even cold,
stern justice, at the hands of the General Govern- [
ment, until she lias contributed to her sister States ;
through the Government over and over again in ;
similar cases. t
Mr. HALL said he must oppose this proposi- I
tion of the gentleman from New Hampshue. It i
was a very bad policy for this Government to !
permit a Slate to judge when it wn^ pioper to call |
out the military f'oices. He had never thought !
the Northeastern boundary dispute was a case for t
calling out the militia. It was a case very much ,
like that of Texas. In this ca*e, however, the '
Government had paid to New Hampshire the 1
principal of her claim; and he thought they ought !
not to be cttlhd upon to pay the wnereat. j
Mr. PEASLEB said he contended that this
claim was for a part of the pnncipal—it being !
for moneys paid out by the State. 1
Mr. EVVING made the point of order, that the j
appropriation was not authorized by law, and not
in order.
The amendment was again read.
The CHAIRMAN said, the information of the
Chair was, that a private lull was passed for the
payment of the claim of New Hampshire, lor the ,
services specified in this amendment; under that '
: law the ofiicers of the Treasuiy ler'used to pay the !
claim for interest. The Chair, therefore, was of |
opinion that the amendment was not in oider.
Mr. PEASLEE appealed from the decision. !
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair ;
stand as the judgment of the committee r" was ;
taken, and decided m the affirmative.
So the amendment was ruled out of order by
the committee.
Mr. SYVEET3ER offered the following amend-
ment:
"And to enable the Secretary of the Interior to take a
perpetual h-nse to the United Stale* Irom the State oi Ohio,
(ree ot ta\es or othei city charges ol any >ort. t-o many
rooms' m the State-hou-e, in the til} ot Columbus, as may
he neces«,trv lot ilie proper atconimodanou ol the Unitul
States (ii-tnet and circuit courts, hidden in -aid ci;y, and
their otftceif, twenty thousand dollar: P/ovuieJ, Th.it no
pait of tin- appjopri.uion shall be paid, until it shall ho cer-
tified by the jw-iicts of said circuit comr, tli.it the said
rooms Hie provided and the said le;w mode " j
I am aware (said Mr. S ) that the committee
voted down the other ' ■■
Mr. BOOTH rose to a question of order, and
submitted that this was an independent proposi-
tion, having nn connection with any part of the
bill, and therefore not m oider.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
on the ground that the committee had stricken out
all that part of the bill to which this amendment
could be in order, and which was the root of all
the other similar amendments.
Mr. PHELPS moved the following, as an addi-
tional section:
{l Sec. 4 Jinil be it further enacted. That no American
manner or seaman shail he discliaujed in an> foreign port
bv the master ol the vessel undei his command, without fio
payment to the con-nil or commercial njrintot the United
, State* at said for each seaman or mariner s<> di*-
i charged, three months' pay over and above tho \va-j;e- which
I may be due put h seaman or marm< r, which shall hi} applnd
1 in the manner provided for m the. act entitled 'An acisup-
! plementary to the act couccrnlng consul* and vice-cousuK
and for the fmther protection of American seamen,* ap-
proved Felmsarv *28,1803; and the sum appropriated by this
act for {lie iHief and predion of American seamen in for-
eign countries shall not he expended until the fund raised
by the provision? of this bcclioii, and the act afoiebdid,
be first exhausted."
Mr. BAYLY made the point that the amend
ment was not in order, it containing no appropria-
tion at all, but being a proposition to modify an
existing law, defining the duties of consols in re-
spect to our seamen abroad.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to proceed in expla-
nation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman frym Vir-
ginia has laised a point of order, which must be
decided before the gentleman can proceed to ex-
plain his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, i will confine myself, then, to
the point of order. It will be recollected, that in
this bill there is a clause appropriating $li2.5,OL)0
for the relief and protection of American seamen
in foreign countries. This amendment proposes
to regulate the manner in which this $125,000 shall
be expended, and provides that it shall not be ex-
pended according to the provisions of the act (if
1803 1 submit, therefore, that it is in order to
regulate the manner of the expenditure of one of
the appropriations contained in this hill.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Cliair understand
the gentleman to say that the expenditure of this
fund is regulated by the act of 18U3?
Mr. BAYLY, (m his seat ) Yes.
Mr. PHELPS. inpsirt,sir.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order, on the ground that it sought to change an
existing h w
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
The motion was put and rejected.
The last section of the bill was read.
Mr. HAMPTON offered the following as an
additional section:
" lie i! further awefeh That from and after thirty days
from the of thss act. the duties imposed by the act
pntiileil' An act ted'K nig the dtuv on import, and l"r other
purjio-e-.' anp'oved 3H;h .In1}', lr-i6; ^ha'i he levit d on good.--,
w are*, and men handle impound into the United Stales,
ajrree ibl\ to tin aveia^e \ .thie u hiel, siinilai articles bore ;n
, the pitneipa! m.ukef- <.f the United States dunng tin >ear
ending the 30ih of June, to be asc< rfamed and fixed
undf-i the direction of' the Secietai} of ilie Trea-Uf)
Mr. TOOMBS, i rise to a question of order.
There is a bill appropriating money for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1851. The amendment is
a proposition to raise revenue, and alter the duties
imposed upon imports, which is a purpose pre*
citHy the reverse of the object of the bill.
The CHAIR VI AN interposed, and f id that de-
bate was not in order. The 13ist rule of the House
was in the following words:
i <• No motion or propo-itiou for a tax or charge upon the
i people -.halt he (h-cu-sed ihe day on winch it i- mad< or oi-
' ier< d ; and every -ueh pio[ o~Mi«m -di.dl icct at; it.- fusl dis-
! ctission in a Committee of Hie Whole IloiNe
i Mr. HAMPTON. Yv'ilt the gentleman pIIow
! me to cite a precedent to sustain this amendment,
! contained in the civil and diplomatic appropria-
| tion bill of 1846?
• The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
; Under the rule which has just been read, (said
| the Chair,} and undei the general parlrtmentary
• law, on the giound that the amendment is not ger-
! mane to the subject of the bill, nor in the slightest
! degree analogous to it, the Chair dccides that the
j amendment is not in oider.
' Mr. HAMPTON. Just the same thing was
| done by an appropriation bill in jf 840 
1 Mr. STEVRNS, of Pennsylvania, i appeal
J from the decision.
Mr. HAMPTON, (continuing his sentence.) I
: appeal from the decision
The CHAIRMAN recognised Mr. Stevens as
; making the appeal.
; And the question being, " Shall the decision of the
■ Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?''—
! Mr. ASHMUN was understood to suggest that
■j the Chan man was m error upon one point, n maf-
j ter of historical fact; and to refer to the ctvil and
|l diplomatic appropriation bill of 1816, which con-
m tamed a clause relative to the duties on imports.
^ iYlr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Isdebatein
'■ order upon the appeal?
« The CHAIRMAN. Not where it has been
closed by order of the House. The Chan regrets
■ that u is not in order.
•/ Mr STEVENS. Is it in order to have a clause
: of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill of
i' 1846 read ?
