1850.
C0N&RI
And then the Journal was apprised.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce resolu-
tions and memorials of the State of Tennessee.
After a remark'by IVlr. PRESTON KING, of
which nothing was heafd on the left of the Chair,
Mr. CONGER rose and objected, assigning as'
a reason for doing; so; that the resolutions hereto-
fore presented by his colleague, [Mr Preston
King,] from the Legislature of New York, were
yet in abeyance on a motion to print. And he
gave notice, that until those resolutions were dis-
posed of, he should object to the presentation, out
of order, of any resolutions from State legislatures.
Sri the resolutions were not received.
Mr. BURT called for the regular order of the
day.
THE WHITNEY RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be, the resolution
reported yesterday by Mr. Fuller, from the
Committee on Printing, in favor of plinting five
thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
mute on Roads and Canals, accompanying a bill
to set apart and sell to Asa Whitney, of New
York, a portion of the public lands, to enable him
to construct a railroad from Lake Michigan, or
the Mississippi river, to thi Pacific ocean.
Mr. ROBINSON was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee at length, in reply to
the objections yesterday taken to the bill by Mr.
Bowlin. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. ROBINSON, at the close of his speech,
remarked that he had not said all that he intended
or desired to say upon the question, but that,
when the subject should come regularly before
the House, he should again hope to be heard.
He had not occupied the whole of the hour al-
lotted to him by the rules. He knew that gentle-
men were averse to entering into the discussion at
this time. He would therefore call for the pre-
vious question; and he hoped the House would
extend to him the courtesy of ordering these
copies to be printed.
Mr. VENABLE appealed to th? gentleman j
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] to withdraw the |
motion, to allow him (Mr. V.) 10 say a few words.
Mr. PARKER made a similar appeal, remark-
ing, that as a member of the Committee on Roads
ami Canals, he desired to make some explanations.
Mr. ROBINSON seemed undecided, when
Tfie SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man withdrew the demand for the previous ques-
tion, or not?
Mr. JONES moved that the resolution be laid
on the table
Mr. ROBINSON said, that motion having been
made, he should decline to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
And the question, " Shall this resolution be laid
on the table >" was taken, and the affirmative vote
was declared to be, ayes 75.
The yeas and nays were asked.
Mr. WOODWARD suggested that the motion
should be withdrawn,remarking,that he presumed
the discussion would take up less time than the
effort to prevent it.
The SPEAKER said no remarks were in
order.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. RUMSEY called for tellers on th® motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
Tellers were .ordered, and Messrs. King of
Rhode Island, and Waldo of Connecticut, were
aPA0ndtthe question, " Shall the resolution be laid
upon the table ?" was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 83, noes 51.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of resuming the consideration of the de-
ficiency bill.
Mr BURT suggested that, by unanimous con-
sent, one hour should be appropriated to the re-
ception of such reports from committees as would
not give rise to debate. _
The SPEAKER. The motion is not m order,
pendino- the motion to go into Committee of the
Wholeon the state of the Union.
Mr." BAYLY. If the genera] consent of the
House can'be obtained for the reception of reports
from committees, and no debate will arise, 1 am
con.tent to withdraw my motion for that purpose.
Otherwise 1 shall not withdraw it
Such appearing to be the understanding of
the House, the motion was withdrawn by Mr.
Bayly.
Mr. WINTHROP addressed an inquiry to the
Speaker, which was understood to be, whether
all reports were to be received, but only those not
giving rise to debate to be acted upon?
The SPEAKER. If the unanimous consent of
the House should be given*%r the reception of
such reports as will not give rise to debate, any
report upon which debate arises must immediately
go over, and lake its place on the calendar.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose to inquire
of the Speaker what would be the effect of a de-
mand for the previous question, if called on any
report which might be presented ?
The SPEAKER. If unanimous consent should
be given to receive reports or resolutions that
would not give rise to debate, the Chair would not
entertain the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose and objected.
So unanimous consent was not obtained, and
the motion of Mr. Burt was not enteitained.
Mr. BAYLY renewed his motion that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (to the Speaker.) If the
House should refuse to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, what will be the
first business in order?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
will be, the motion made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Conger,] to reconsider the vote
by which the bill, reported from the Committee on
Patents, to extend the patent heretofore granted to
William Woodworth, had been referred to the
Committee of the Whole House. And on that
motion the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Otis] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. The deficiency bill ought to be
acted upon. The question was then taken on the
motion of Mr. Bayly, and decided in the affirma-
tive, without a division.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Wholeon the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt, of
South Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill "to supply deficiencies m
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1850."
The state of the question was as-follows :
The following item being yesterday under con-
sideration,
"For salary of the chief clerk in the office of
the Secretary of the Interior, from the 9th March,
1849, to the 30th June, 1850, at the rate of $2000
per annum, $2,719 17."
Which item Mr. Hampton had mo.ved to
amend as follows,
Stiikeout the above paragraph, and insert the
following: " For salaries of chief clerk and other
clerks in the office of the Secretary of the Interioi,
from the 9th of March, 1849, to the 30ih of June,
1850, the sum of $14,568 32—
Mr. VINTON said he thought if he could get the
attention of the committee for a few moments, he j
could satisfy them that the amendment of his I
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hampton] ought j
to be adopted. That amendment proposed to pay
for the services of the clerks that were in the
office proper of the Secretary of the Interior. He
thought it very probable that many of the mem-
bers of the House had not had occasion to direct
their attention to the special organization of the
Executive departments, for the purpose of ena-
bling them to know, precisely, what were the
duties which were performed in the offices under
their control. [He proceeded to present a some-
what minute view of the internal organization and
machinery of the various Executive departments,'
and to trace the course of business in its passage
through them, showing that each head of a de-
partment has a certain number of clerks, in what
is styled his office proper, who assist him in the
first examination of papers—an examination made
with the view of directing their reference to the
proper bureaus for full investigation, and whose
aid is also necessary in the various other transac-
tions iwire closely' allied the discharge of hjf o#n*
personal duties, and also exploring the suW ufs'i-
sions and the bureaus"more remote from.the Sec-
retary, and their duties, &c.J
He had (he proceeded to say) stated these'facts
for the purpose of showing,' that unless the Secre-
tary of the Interior not onlyi but every Secretary ?
had these clerks in Ins office proper, the machinery
of his department,Would come to a dead stand;,
and unless these clerks were in the office .of the
Secretary of the Interior, the pensioners could not
be paid, the Indian annuities could not be paid,
no provision could be made for carrying on our
courts, and all operations in that department rtfust -
be suspended.
Now, when this Department of the Interior wai
created, it was supposed that the necessaYy force
in the office proper of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior could be obtained out of the Treasury De-
partment. As a matter of course, if they could
have been obtained there, it would have been de-
sirable. There was, therefore, in the act organ-
izing the Department of the Interior, a provision
directing that there should be a transfer of clerks
from the Treasury Department to the Department
of the Interior for his office pioper. The law did
not specify how many should be transferred,'but
as a matter of course, the intention of Congress
was, that there should be as many as were neces-
sary to perform the duties of tl;at depai(merit.
The letter of the Secretary of the'Interior, which
had been read yesteiday, and which he had now
before him, showed that, in organizing thisdepart-
rnent, the Secretary of the Intel tor called upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for the clerks that were
necessary to carry on the functions of his office
proper. The Secretary of the Tie.isuiy, who had
just come into his place in the department, and
was, of course, not familiar with its details, called
upon his chief clerk, McClmtock Young, esq —
an old and experienced officer of knowledge, abil-
ity, and integrity, who had been acting Secretary
of the Tieasury for several months,during the ill-
ness of Mr. Walker, the late Secretary—to report
what clerks could be spared from his department.
That officer reported that no clerk could be spaied
j from the Treasury Department, except the clerk
I who was performing the duties of w hat was called
I the Clnckasaw fund. Mr. Meredith wrote to Mr.
Evving accordingly; but upon examination, it was
found that the duties connected with the Chicka-
saw fund had not been transferred to the Depart-
ment of the Interior; of course the Secretary of
the Interior did not get htm—in other words, he
had got no clerks.
Now, the law organizing the Department of [he
Interior intended that the Secretary should Imve the
clerks necessary to perform the functions of hi&
office proper.
Mr. SWEETSER called the attention of his-
colleague to the eleventh section of the act of
Congress, creating the Secretary of the Interior,
which provides, " that the President of the United
' States, in the lecommendation of the said Secre-
' lary of the Interior, may tiansfef fiom the Treas-
' ury Department proper, to the Department of
1 the Interior, such clerks m the office of the Sec-
' retary of the Treasury as peifonn the duties
' over which the supervision and control are given
' by this act to the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. S- submitted to his colleague, that on yes-
terday he had admitted that the Secretary of the
Treasury had not transferied the cieiksdesned by
1 the Secretary of the Interior, ancl that, until such
I requisition had been properly made, the Secretary
of the Interior was m fault m having appointed
! clerks, without having made the lequisition au-
J thortzed by law. He further submitted to his
j colleague, that the law provided thal,iri thetransfer
I of the diffetent bureaus, the authority was ex-
!' press!y given for the transfer of the whole force
'I of the bureaus.
!! He insisted, that at the time the law passed
H creating the Department of the Interior, a pledge
!' was o-iven lo the country, by the friends of the
'! measure, that no expense would attend its con-
}! tinuance for clerical force, beyond that which was
il expressly provided for in that law.
!l He further insisted, that the Secretary of the
j! Interior was cognizant of the provisions of the
!: law under which he took office. If the inotiu-
[' mentalities were not sufficient to warrant him in
j believing that he could execute the functions of
|| the office, he could then have declined the office,
