m-:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
and Congress would, ata future season, have made
suitable provision, or have repealed the law.
He asked his colleague to explain whether these
clerks had been transferred, as the law required,
or whether the report contained in the Globe of his
remarks on yesterday had done him injustice ?
Mr. VINTON resumed. He said he was going
on to speak upon this point. The inquiry of his
colleague'showed that he did not understand this
law. His colleague mixed up these bureaus with
the office proper. All these bureaus had been
transferred. He had understood his colleague to
say yesterday that the bureaus had been trans-
ferred without the clerks.
Mr. SWEETSER desired his colleague [Mr.
Vinton] to explain if there had been no increase
of business, why there had been this increase of
clerks ?
Mr. VINTON replied, that it was because the
Treasuiy Department and the other departments
had been overloaded with business, and that the late
Secretary of the Treasury had recommended the
creation of a new department. But the act cre-
ating the Department of the Interior did not create
irny new clerks in the Indian, the Patent, the
Pension bureaus, or any of these offices. All the
clerks that were necessary for this great depart-
ment, which were not at that time already in ex-
istence, were those clerks who were to be around
the person of the Secretary of the Interior, to aid
him in keeping the machinery of his department
in motion; and as he had already said, it had
been supposed that they could be had out of the
Treasury Department; but it had proved that the
Secretary of the Treasury had reported that none
could be spared from his department.
The amount of it then was, that in passing this
act, as was the case with reference to many others,
Congress had labored under a mistake. The mis-
take was, in supposing that a sufficient number of
clerks could be spared from the other departments
to perform the duties required in the office proper
of the Secretary of ihe Interior.
The Secretary of the Interior had two courses
before him. One was, the course recommended
by the Chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Bavly,] that was, to fold up his
arms, and say to the one-legged and armless men
who had been mutilated in the Mexican war, and
to the old widows of revolutionary soldiers, and
thousands of others whose daily bread—whose
very life—depended upon receiving the pittance
which was awarded to them by the Government,
" Congress has no! provided me with the necessary
clerical aid to perform the duties of my office, and
therefore you must go unpaid." That was one
alternative. The other was, the alternative which
the Secretary chose, which was this: he had said
to the clerks who were there, " You may go into
this office, and perform the duties, but you must
rely upon Congress to pay you." The Secretary
of the Interior had not drawn one dollar out of the
Treasury for the payment of these clerks. If he
had done so, there might have been some ground
of complaint. These clerks ha;) gone into the
office with a full knowledge that there was no ap-
propriation for them, and that they must rely upon
Congress for their compensation. The Secretary
told them so.
That was the case; and now the question was,
whether Congress would say that they would not
pay these men—who had been laboriously em-
ployed in the discharge of necessary public duties
—under these circumstances. Why, if the Secre- j
tary of the Interior had said to these clerks, " I :
will not employ you—there is no provision in the j
law authorizing it; I will let the pensions go un- I
paid—the Indian annuities go unpaid; I will let j
thi Courts of Justice be shut up"—if he had j
done that, upon this picayune principle of saving !
the salaries of a few clerks, they would have had
a whirlwind in this House, which would have i
come as near taking off the roof of this Capitol, as j
the storm did the other dav the roof of the build- !
ing in which some of the officers of this very
department transact their business. The law i
required the business of the department to be i
carried on. The Secretary was under obligation ,]
to see that it was transacted. i
It had been argued here by gentlemen, that this
wasan extraordinary discretion—that it was some- '
thing new under the sun. Why, as iie had before • !
stated yesterday, during the twenty years of which !.'
he had been a member of this House, he had never i
known an appropriation bill pass in which similar
appropriations had not been made.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Green] had
yesterday undertaken to draw a distinction be-
tween this case and those cases which had occur-
red during the last Congress, in which, he had
said, that the increase of business justified the em-
ployment of additional clerks. He (Mr. V.) con-
sidered this a precisely similar case.
The gentleman from Missouri had justified the
employment ofadditional clcrks in the departments
during the last Congress, on the ground of an in-
crease of business. Srantit. But where was the
law which said, that if there wasan increase of
business, the Secretary might employ additional
clerks? It wag a similar case to the present—in
fact, it was not so strong a one. This was one
of the strongest cases that could be presented.
Mr. GREEN interposed, and (Mr. VintoJj
yielding) explained that he had stated that, owing
to the necessity of the circumstances surrounding
the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Walker,
he had departed from the law, but that the neces-
sity of the circumstances had justified Congress in
recognizing and sanctioning that act; and that a
corresponding extreme necessity in this case would
justify them in sanctioning a similar departure
from the law. But he had argued that no such
necessity now existed. If it did, he wanted the
gentlemen to show it.
Mr. VINTON said he thought he had shown it
already—that there was a sufficient necessity for
the employment of these officers. Would the gen-
tleman from Missouri say that the Secretary of the
Interior should have left these pensioneis unpaid ?
Mr. GREEN replied, no. He should have
taken the clerks from the Treasury Department.
Mr. VINTON said, but he could not get them.
Mr. KAUFMAN (Mr. Vinton yielding 'the
floor) said that he would answer that the Secretary
ought to have gone to the President of the United
States, according to the provisions of the law, and
made application for them. There was 110 proof
that he bad ever gone to the President of the Uni-
ted States, as he was directed by the letter of this
law to do.
Mr. VINTON said, suppose that the Secretary
of the Interior had gone, m the first place, to the
President of the United States, and demanded the
transfer of these clerks, was the President, upon
first coming into office, to go and dip 1ns hands
into the Treasury Department, and take out a
dozen of clerks at random. The Secretary of the
Interior had done that which was required by
courtesy from one officer to another. He had
called upon the Secretary of the Treasury, in the j
first instance, to know what clerks could be trans- I
ferred from his office—to get their names—and, if j
he had succeeded, he would have carried the list !
to the President of the United States, who would j
have made the transfer, of course. But when the ;
Secretary of the Treasury had answered that no 1
clerks could be transferred from his office, for the j
Secretary of the Interior to have gone to the i
President of the United States and demanded a !
transfer, would have been considered a very high- !
handed proceeding.
Mr. DISNEY interposed, and wished to call the
attention of his colleague to this point. He (Mr.
D.) understood that the Congress of the United
States, when they had created this new Depart-
ment of the Interior, had expected that the busi- j
ness of this department could be carried on with 1
the aid of clerks then employed m other de- :
partments. They had created the office of Sec- !
retary of the Interior, and given to it a particular
organization, leaving the existing clerks to the
discharge of the duties according to the new organ- :
ization. The Secretary of the Interior had found,
as he [the Secretary] believed, the oiganization to
be defective, and had created a new organization 
not by employing the clerks appertaining to the
respective offices iransferred, but by the appoint-
ment of new clerks, discharging new duties, inter-
vening between the Secretary and these heads of ;
tjje bureaus. [
This was as he (Mr. D.) underkood the case. I
It was not a question about the transfer of these .
clerks, but whether Congress would sanction the :
new organization which had been made by the I
Secretary of the Interior. That was the question, i
as he understood  '
Mr. VIN ION replied, that his colleague mis- I
understood the question. In this very law it was 1
provided that the Secretary of the Interior should
have his office proper. But the idea was, that the
clerks composing that office proper, could be had
out of the Treasury Department. They could not;
be obtained from that source, and he had got other
persons to discharge the duties. That was all.
There had been no new organization.
He repeated that nothing new had been done in
this case. It had always been done in similar
cases. If the Secretary of the Interior could have
gotalong without it—if he had employed clerks, for
duties that were necessary—if he had employed
more clerks than were necessary—why, then, as a
matter of course, Congress could refuse to pay the
money, and make an example of him. But if he
had employed no more clerks than were necessary
to perform the duties, and if those duties must be
performed, it constituted a case where Congiess
should say whether these clerks, who had per-
formed the duties, should go unpaid: This de-
partment was a laborious department, there were
more duties performed in it than in any other de-
partment under the Government, excepting per-
haps, the Treasury Department, and he was not
sure but more than in the Treasury Department.
He referred to the Blue Book, and read therefrom
a statement of the amounts paid for clerk hire in
the office proper of each of the departments,
showing that the amount asked by the Secretary
of the Interior was less than that asked for similar
purposes by the Secretaries of the Treasury and
of the Navy. The amount asked for, he said,
showed that there were no sinecures in that office.
There was no doubt at all that these clerks had
been harder worked than the clerks in any de-
partment of the Government, as their very situa-
tions and compensations depended upon ir. The
question now was whether having been thus ne-
cessarily employed in the discharge of the public
business, they should be paid.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and stated that the bill
under consideration, as reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, contained the following
clause:
" For salary of the chief clerk in the office of
the Secretary of the Interior, from the 9th of
March, 1849, to 30th June, 1850, at the rate of
$2000 per annum, $2,719 17."
Thegentlenran from Pennsylvaniahad moved to
amend this clause of the bill as follows:
Strike out the above paragraph, and insert:
"For salaries of chief clerk and other clerks in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior, from the
9th March, 1849, to the 30th June, 1850, the Sum
of#14,568 32."
Making an addition to the appropriation, as it
came from the Committee of Ways and Means,
to the amount of $11,849 15 more than had been
authorized by that committee. The appropria-
tion recommended by the Committee of Ways
arid Means is to carry into effect an existing law.
The amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, is to make an appropriation for an object
totally unauthorized by law. He conceived that
a very important subject was thus brought before
the House, and two questions were involved in
this amendment. The fi^st ol these was, the mere
question of the propriety of granting this appro-
priation as a measure of relief to those clerks who,
he did not deny, had rendered services to the
Government. The second view relates to the
usurpation of power, committed by the Secretary
of the Interior, in employing these clerks in viola-
tion of the provisions of law.
If a bill were to be presented to. this House, for
the relief of these clerks, and it was satisfactorily
shown that they had no power to obtain payment
for their services, outof the pocket of theSecretary,
he might be induced to vote for it; but he could
not vote for a proposition, the effect of which
would be, to render these offices permanent, and
would legalize the act of the Secretary of the In-
tenor, by whom they have been employed. He
could not agree togiveu vote which would tend
to ratify this act of the Secretary, although he
might be disposed to go in favor of a private bill
for the relief of these clerks. He would not give
his vote, for the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, which had not received the sanction
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and ought
not to receive the sanction of the House.
If the Secretary of the Interior had been actu-
ated hy a desire io carry out the provision con-
tained in the eleventh section of the act to create a
