1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
Home Department, under which his department
was organized, the course to be pursued by him
was clearly pointed out. How did he proceed in
carrying out this law? He had violated the pro-
vision of the eleventh section of that law. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury had no control assigned to
him by the lav/, it was made the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to go to the President of
the United States, and if the President did not di-
rect the transfer of the clerks indicated in the law,
and the necessity of appointing clerks to perform
the duties prescribed by the law had been imper-
ative, the responsibility of employing such clerks,
and thus transcending the power vested in the Sec-
retary by the law, would have devolved on the
President of the United States, and not on the
Secretary of the Interior. Congress had placed
the power of making the transfer in the hands of
the President, whose military services and whose
valor had gained for him the confidence of the
country.
' What is the provision of the law ? The eleventh
section of the act cteating the department leads
thus:
" Suction xi. The President of the United Slates, on the
recommendation ot the said Seeierary of the intftmr, may
transfer ftotn the Treasury Department proper, to the De-
partment of the Inti'iior, such clerks in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Trea^uty, as perf.nm tiie duties over which the
suj em«ion and control are given by tins act to the Secre-
tary of tlie Inteiioi," &c.
Here it was plainly made the duty of the Secre-
tary of the Interior to go to the President, and,
while the Secretary of the Treasury, who is the
equal of the Secretary of the Inteuor, could not be
controlled by the latter, the President, on the au-
thority of the law, would have directed the trans-
fer to be made; and if the clerks, so directed to be
transferred, should then not be found where they
were ordered, the responsibility would not have
been on the Secretary of the Interior, but on the
President of the United States. Why were not
the clerks there ? Were they not to be found in
the Treasury Department? The President would
have found them. Why were they not there?
The fact is ihat the clerks were there, and if the
business which was pei formed befoie the estab-
lishment of this new department in the bureaus to
which they were attached had not been increased
by the creation of tfeat department, the same force
would be found sufficient to perform the same du-
ties; and, if application had been made to the
President, all these necessary clerks would have
been transferred with their bureaus, without sub-
jecting the Secretary of the Interior to any act
'which would have compromised bis dignity.
The provision of the law is, that the President
may transfer from the Treasury Department such
cleiks m the office of the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry as perform the duties over which the supervision
and control are given by this act to the Secretary
of the Interior.
The language of the gentleman from Ohio yes-
terday did not exactly conform to the phraseology
of the law. He spoke as if the clerks so to be
transferred were to be such only whose services
were confined to the duties of the bureaus which
were directed to be transferred. The language of
the law is, that they shali be the cieiks who per-
formed these duties, not they who were confined
entirely to the woik of those bureaus.
When the law creating this department was
under the consideration of Congress last session,
he (Mr. K.) had opposed it. It was opposed by
a large majority of the Democratic members on
this s^ide of the House, but it was passed and be-
came a law. Some of those who had then been
induced to vote for the organization of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, were now ready to vote for
its repeal. The bill wa3 hurried through the
House, but it became a law, and he had no hope
of its being repealed. The increase of the Fed-
eral patronage was very apparent.
The march of Executive power, and the increase
of Executive patronage, were ever onward. Like
the tiacks to the lion's cave, they were all toward
it, but none from it- " Nulla vestigia retrorsum."
Let whatever party be m power—Whig or Demo-
cratic—it will clutch the existing patronage, al-
though the Democratic party is much the more
economical, as their opposition to this bid, and
their refusal to create the Department of the Inte-
rior, prove, when they had the ascendancy in all
branches of the Government. Cut if it cannot be
repealed, we can and ought to hold its head to a
strict accountability, and a rigid construction of
the law.
When this bill was before the House last year,
wfyat was the language of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton?] He would ask the attention
of the House and the country to the remarks
made by that gentleman, in his speech, on the 12th
February, when the House was compelled to in-
stant action under the press of the gag-law. His
language was as follows:
"And here any gentleman would naturally ask—it was
the first question usually asked—-what was to he thucoatof
tins new ojuaiuzation ? Hpon that point he had to say -that
upon the plan proposed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
only two new officers were created in that entire department, a
secretary and clerk, and the result was effected in this way.
"The General Land-Office, wnli all its heads,clerks, and
machinery; the Pension-Office, the Indian llepaitment, the
P.itent-Office, with all their head:*, clerks, and machinery,
were tru^feried to thi-new department, v.'iihout creating
any new clerKs, <o that the entne expenses of this depaitment
to the Government, would he the salary oj the Secretary of
the Department, and his chief cleric—that was u2/."
Yes, that was all ! If the gentleman, when he
made these remarks, thought that the clerks em-
ployed in the bureaus to be transferred, were suf-
ficient, how is it that he does not think so now?
If the Secretary of the Interior had applied to the
President, he would have got the number of clerks
to the amount, and in the manner, prescribed by
law. Has the business increased since the termi-
nation of the war? On the contrary, it has been
daily diminishing. The increase of force author-
ized by the late Secretary of the Tieasury, Mr.
Walker, was made during a state of war. The
worst that could be said of him was, that he had
acted in these cases without law. But the Secre-
tary of the Interior had employed these cleiks
in violation of the eleventh section of the law creating
this department.
He conceived that this amendment was in viola-
tion of the eighty-first rule of the House, and that
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Maryland yesterday was correct. These deficiency
bills are now not simply bills for the supply of de-
ficiencies in the appropriations of the present year,
but to provide for the futuie, and to make, pei ma-
nent provision for expenditures hereafter. It this
amendment had only related to deficiencies in the
act of last year, it would have been m Older under
the eighty first rule; but as he conceived, it was to
sanction the permanent establishment of clerks in
this department, and these clerks appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior in violation of law, he
thought it outof order under tins lule.
He could not, therefore, give his vote in favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. Let him produce here a bill for the relief
of these clerks, and let it go through the regular
forms of legislation, and he might be found voting
for it.
Mr. VINTON made an explanation, (Mr.
Kaufman yielding the floor for the purpose,) but
the purport of it was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. KAUFMAN resumed. He was quite as
anxious that the public business should go on as
any gentleman in the House, or as the gentleman
from Ohio; but he would repeat, that theie was
sufficient power vested in the President, and the
Secretary of this department, to carry on the busi-
ness without acting in contravention of the law.
The business had been carried on without this
additional force during the war, and it had, fiotn
its close to the present, lather decreased than in- i
creased.
Mr. VINTON specified the various bureaus
which had been transfei red to the Department of
the Interior, arid stated ihat the duties of this de-
partment were complicated m their character, and
required the force now employed.
After some convcisation between Mr. VINTON
and Mv. SWEETSER, which could not be dis-
tinctly cauirhr,
Mr. KAUFMAN resumed. He had satisfied
himself, by reference to the facts and the law, that
although there had previously existed a sufficient
force m the different departments for the tiansac-
tion of the business which had been transferred to
the Department of the Interior, there were now
six additional officeis authorized. These were
the Secretary of the Interior and a chief clerk, a
Commissioner of Customs and a chief clerk, and an
assistant Secretary of the Treasury and a chicf
clerk. All these officers had high salaries, and
they were all added to ihe force of the Treasury
Department, to relieve, the Secretary Hi the dis-
charge of his duties. The business in the Indian
Department, and in the Pension Office, was less now
than during the war, and yet the same establish-
ment of clerks was kept up. And now an addi-
tional force is advocated, and the gentleman from
Ohio tdls us that the business has increased.
Mr.VINTOiSf (Mr. Kaufman again yielding the
floor) made a brief explanation as to the origin of
the law by which the Department of the Interior
was created. He had himself had interviews with
Secretary Walker, and had freely interchanged
opinions with the Secietary on the subject. He
would not take on himself the responsibility of
drawing the form for the bill, because he did not
consider himself as possessing the knowledge suf-
ficient to justify him in arranging the details of the
new organization. He did not think it would have
been safe m him to make a distribution of the
clerks through the different bureaus. He pre-
ferred that the Secretai y, who understood the de-
tails of the department, should draw the bill. He
wished that the House should see that the bill was
drawn by one who understood how the change of
the bureaus would operate. He believed that the
Secretary drew the bill with care and ability, and
that he had made a \ery good bill of it. If he
had made no worse mistake than this, which was
alleged against him in relation to clerks, the ma-
chinery would be found to work well.
Mr. KAUFMAN resumed, admitting that the
statement of the gentleman frem Ohio was cor-
rect, as to the arrangement of the details of this
bill. The recommendation of this measure did
come fiom Secietaiy Walker, and was sustained
by a smalt portion of the Democratic party. He
could not avoid, however, an expression of his as-
tonishment that the recommendation of Secretary
Walker, as to thts matter, should have received
tl e support of so large a portion of the Whigs of
the House, while theie were seventy-seven of the
Democratic party who could not take the sanif*
favorable view of the Secretary's opinions. The
fact, that the Whigs were just then coming into
powei, while the Democrats were going out, might
indeed have had its influence. It was very certain
that the recommendation of the same Secretary, in
favor of free trade, could not find but one advo-
cate among the Whig party, while the recom-
mendation of the creation of this department was
received with great favor, and had but one Whig
opponent.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed a remark, that the
Whigs discriminated between such measures as
they thought proper to adopt or to reject.
Mr. KAUFMAN lesumed. Such measures as
suited their views, and increased their patronage,
they were always ready to take. He then paid a
compliment to tha official ability and fidelity of
the late chief clerk of the Treasury, Mr. McClin-
tock Young, and expressed his deep regret that
"circumstances" should have rendered it neces-
sary for him to break off his connection with the
public service, to which lie was an ornament.
Whatever opinion that gentleman might have
given in reference to this b'll—however errone-
ous—Wcig disinterested. The creation of the
Department of the Interior was certainly intended
to relieve the Secretary of the Treasury from a
portion of the mass of business which devolved
upon him; but it was not intended that it should
be made the means of increasing the public ex-
penditures, as now contended fur. It had been
remaiked the other day, that to effect a great good,
it mmht be lawful to do a little wrong. But here,
to effect very little good—the ie!ief of the clerks—
a great wrong would be perpetrated, if the amend-
ment parsed.
He would not give his vote to legalize an act of
usurpation on the part of the Secretary of the In-
terior. If the bill was merely one for the relief
of those clerks who had rendeied services, no one
would be disposed to go further in meting out
justice than he would. But he would never con-
sent to mix up the question ot relief to these in-
dividuals, with an act of usurpation of power on
the part of an Executive officer.
The Secretary of the Interior ought to have
! made his call on the President of the United
j States, as? the provision in the laws required him
| to do. If that call had not produced the requeue
I assistance to carry on the business of the depart-
1 merit, he could have presented himself to Con-
gress, and shown that he had not the force which
was necessary to enable him to carry out the
