560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20.
intentions of the Jaw in creating the department.
The Bouse would then have given him the addi-
tional force for which he applied, in order to
have enabled him to discharge promptly, accu-
rately, and faithfully, the duties which Congress
had devolved on him by the passage of the law
organizing his department. But no call was made
upon the President. The law has thus been mis-
stated; and in the shape of relief to individuals,
and under the guise of justice to a few clerks, we
are asked to relieve the Secretary of the Interior
from his dilemma, and to sanction a violation of
law. The questions involved in the amendment,
are separate and distinct. Let them be separated,
and then the House can express an intelligent and
unembarrassed judgment as to each.
Mr. JONES said that the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who had addressed the
committee this morning, had siven a very cor-
rect and comprehensive account-of the modem
which the vanous Executive departments of the
Government were constituted, how they were
made up, and what machinery was requisite to
keep them in morion. He had told the commit-
tee that they were made up of vaiious different
bureaus, to which appropriate dunes were as-
signed, and that a Secretary was appointed over
each department to direct and control its opera-
tions.
By reference to theact creating the Home Depart-
ment, or, as it was sometimes called, the Depart-
ment of the Interior, it would he found that the
General Land Office was transferred to that depart-
ment—that the accounts of marshals, clerks, and
officers of thecourts of theUnited States, thelndian
bureau,the Patent bureau, the Pension buteau, the
taking and making returns of the census, the Pen-
itentiary, and a vaiiety of other matters—were
transferred to that department. Su<*h weie tfte
several branches nf the public service which, by
the act creating the Home Department, were taken
from the departments to which they had previously
belonged, and were combined under the super-
vision and control of the head of the Department
of the Interior. In making these transfers, the
law aiso transfer red the chief officer and the several
clerks, messengers, and employees attached to
every one of the bureaus thus transferred, to that
department. There was, then, no complaint that
the law did not, provide sufficient force to perform
all the duties ,>f these bureaus which h. d previ-
ously been performed by them. But as the office
of Secretary of the Interior had been created, it
was necessary, as the gentleman from Ohio had
correctly stated, that there should be in the office of
the Secretary proper, under his own immediate
control, and about his person, clerks to perform
the duties appertaining to the department, as the
head of the vaiiotis bureaus.
The eleventh section of the act, which had been
so repeatedly alluded to in the course of this de-
bate, provided, a* the author of this Department
of the Interior thought, and as the gentleman from
Ohio thought at the tjme the bill was parsed, the
clerical force (hat was necessary to perform all re-
quisite services in the immediate office of the
Secretary of the Interior. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vjx-TOtv] had stated that the hill was
dratted hy the late Secretary of the Treasury,
[Mi. Walker,] and that it was drafted ably and
well. Now, the late Secretary of the Treasury,
who recommended this Department of the In-
terior, and who drafted the bill for its creation,
had !>een for the spacc of four years, as the gen-
tleman from Ohio had stated, at the head of the
Trt-asury Department. He was familiar with its
duties and its necessities, conversant with its busi-
ness, m rrtassand in detail; and on reference to this
eleventh section, thus drafted by him, it would be
seen, that the Secretary of the Interior should
appoint a chief cleik, at a salary of two thousand
dollars a year. Now, wbeie was the Secretary of
the lnterioi to get the other clerks who might be
necessary to discharge the duties of the officer
The same Secictary of the Tiea.sury, who had
drawn the bill, made provision that, upon the
recoMimendation of the Secretary of the Interior,
the Pie5? dent of the United States might transfer
the clerks of the Treasury Department, who h^d
heretofore performed the services which would
thereafter, under that law, be required to be per- ,
formed in the department of the Secretary of the |j
Interior. Mr. Walker, therefore, who advised jj
and drafted the bill, and the gentleman from Ohio, il
who sustained it, must have believed that there
were clerks m the Treasury Department sufficient
to perform the duties in the Department of the In-
tenor; and Mr. Walker did not leave it discre-
tionary with the Secretary of the Treasury to
transfer the clerks on the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Interior; but that duty was de-
volved upon ihe President of the United States,
without consultation with the Secretary of the
Treasury; and after they had been transferred,
then the future appointment of these clerks to the
Department of the Interior was vested in the
Secretary of that department.
The gentleman from Ohio had told us that very
important duties were to be performed; that all the
requisitions, amounting to an aggregate of some
five millions of dollars during the last year, had to
be prepared and drawn by one of these clerks,
before receiving the signature of the Secretary of
the Interior; and that without this clerk, the whole
machinery of this branch of the public service
would be brought to a stand still. This was an
important discovery—one, perhaps, which some
gentlemen m'ght be much gratified to hear of—for
it seemed that it did not require the enactment of
the Wilmot proviso to stop the wheels of this
Government, but that, according to the doctrine
of the gentleman from Ohio, if the sum of $12,500,
to pay for cleiks, appointed m violation of law,
should not be appropriated, the Government
was to come to a halt. Now, he wouid ask the
gentleman from Ohio—he would ask this com-
mittee—what would have been thestate of things if
this bill,creating a Department of the Interior, had
never become a law? Would not the Indian bu-
reau—would not the Pension bureau—wouid not
the courts of the country, and all the other bureaus
which had been transferred to the Department of
the Interior, have been continued in existence, and
would not their duties have been performedby the
officers then in existence? Would not every one
of these demands have been made upon the Treas-
ury, and every one of these requisitions have
been drawn up, and would not the money have
been paid just as well without the creation of this
department as with it? 1 think gentlemen on all
sides of the House must agiee with me that they
would, and that there was, in fact, no increase of
business under this law in any one of the depart-
ments. Here were clerks requited to be trans-
ferred from the Department of the Treasury—dt-
rectly fiom the office of the Secietary of the Treas-
ury proper—to the office of the Secretary of the
interior proper- Here, then, was a large amount of
business withdrawn from the Treasury Depart-
ment, and transferred to the Department of the
interior. The bill then provided that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have an assistant
secretary with asalaiy of three thousand dollars,
and a chief c.'erk to that assistant secretary with a
salary of seventeen hundred dollars per annum.
Tire law also gave the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, a commissioner of customs, with a salary
of thiee thousand dollars; and to that comtnis- j
sioner of customs a chief clerk with a salary of
seventeen hundred dollars per annum. Thus four
additional officers weie created in the Treasury
Department, and a few clerks were withdrawn j
to perform the duties m the office proper of the ;
Secretary of the interior. But the Secretary of I
the Interior distegarded the provision of the law, j
by looking alone, as we were to inftn fro in his I
acts, to what he supposed the law should have J
been, not to what it was. tie had appointed these '
clerks, not only without any law at all, but in ;
violation of the plain letter of the law—that law j
which, if he (Mr. T.) was correctly informed, the i.
Secretary was sworn to support and to execute. I.
Much had been said about usurpation on the 1
part of this officer, in appointing these clerks, who 'j
weie not authorized by law. He would not go ||
into that argument; but there vvas another point j
to winch he wished to call the attention of die 'I
committee, in relation to which he believed no re-
marks had yet been made.
A statement, co-ning from the Department of
the Interior, had yesterday been read, showing that '
there were rune clerks there—one with a salary of ,
$1,800; another with a salary of $1,500; three with .1
a salary each of §1,400; and the others probably ■
with a salary of ,^00 each. In the State Deparr- ■
ment, and he believed in each one of the Executive ! •
depaitmeots, the salary of the chief clerk was 'I
fix6d by law at $2,000. Then, m the State De- ;l
| partment, there was one clerk—a clerk on ac-
i counts, he believed-—whose salary was £2,000.
I The salaries of the other clerks in that department
  ranged, he believed, from $800 to $1,600. in tne
1 Treasury Department, they ranged from §1,000 to
$1,800; in the Navy Department, they ranged
from $1,000 to $1,500; and in the Post Office De-
partment, from $1,000 to $3,600. In the office of
the Attorney General, there was one clerk at a
salary of $1,600 The salaries of these different
clerks were fixed by law. The Secretary of the
Interior had not only taken the law-making power
irto his own hands, so far as to create the offices,
but he had gone further. He had fixed their
salaries—he had fixed one salary at *>1,800; anoth-
er, at $1,600; and none of them did he put down
lower than $1,200. The lowest of his salaries did
not come down as low as the lowest in the other
departments of the Government.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and (scaicely heard
in the distance) was understood to say that the
gentleman was mistaken. The salaries of the
clerks in the Department of the Interior were put
upon the same footing with the salaries of similar
clerks in the Treasury Department. Mr. V read
from the blue book the salaries of the clerks in the
Treasury Department.
Mr. JONES desired to be informed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr\ Vinton,] whether the
salaries of all these officers were not fixed by law?
Mr. VINTON assented.
Mr. JONES said he was complaining that Mr.
Ewmg had not o.ily usurped authority to create
officers without any authority of law, but that he
had usurped the further power of fixing the rate
of compensation.
Mr. JONES then proceeded to show that the
salaries fixed by Mr. Evving were higher than
those of any other department except the Depart-
ment of the Treasury; and that they were not
brought as low as the lowest in each of the other
departments, including the Treasury. And he
read the following extract from the statement
(marked A) of the number, salaries, and duties of
the clerks employed in the Department of the In-
tenor.
" The?e are ail the clerks employed in this department.
They are barely sufficient to <.<ur> on the cuircnt bu-ine=s
ot the department. On extraordinary occasion*, Mich as
the it cent call of the House of Representative-, lor the
voluminous correspondence relating to affairs in California
and Xew Mij\ico, it has been round utterly impo-siblu to
comply with the demands of ( ongte^, with lire present
force, and it was necessary to employ several temporary
clerks for a lew da\;>.
"Mi. Miv, Mr. Evan-., Mr. Whinner, and Mr White,
reaih belong to the bureau* fiom winch they were trans-
ferred, and their services were, under the l.t?t A .rmni-sti.i-
tion, and are j^iII, demanded there."
These officers (Mr. J. remarked) were now re-
ceiving their salaries as clerks in these bureaus.
Appropriations had been made in the appropria-
tion bill of the last year; and now Congress w<is
asked to include them in another estimate, if he
understood it—to make another appropriation for
| the same purpose—in other words, to pay them
; two salaries in one year. Was this so r or had
i the Secretary of the Interior withdrawn these offi-
j cers from the bureaus to which they belonged, and
! then filled the vacancies thus created by the ap~
| pointment of other persons ? If so, he had, in his
. (Mr. J.'s) opimon, done great injustice, becau&e
■ he had got them out of their places, supplied
J these places with other incumbents, and if Congress
' should not pass a bill to legalise his unauthorized
i acts, these men, thus turned out of their places m
J the bureaus, must be thrust out of the public scr-
I vice. He did not think that when the committee
came to look at the proposition, they could be m
favor of legalizing these unauthorized acts of Mr.
Ewing. He could not think that they wouid le-
galize his acts, thus authorizing him to fix the sal-
aries of persons in his department. One of these
salaries he had fixed at the sum of ^1,^00—
being a higher amount than matr^ of the gov-
ernors of the States received, and higher than the
compensation of the judges or most of the States.
The salaries of the other officers were m the same
proportion.
Of the gentlemen who had been appointed to these
offices, he Knew nothing, but he should not be sur-
prised, if, on inquiry, it should be found that the
character, habits, and qualifications, and all that
:>,ort of thmg, should turn out to be very mu^h uke
those of a man wnom ire had once known, whose
only boast was, that he had never m his life
