1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
promoted by the selection of any of them. In |i day, and would so modify his motion, if no ob-
efiect, every road was now a post-route, for it was jj jecuon was made; but if objected to, he should
onry necessary for any  entiem«n to rise and sub- .j insist upon his original motion to refer the bill to
mit a motion that a particular road shall be made [j ,he Committee of the Whole on the state of the
a post-route, to have it established as such. He i Union.
Aug. 26,
could rise, and submit a motion to convert any road
he might choose to name into a post-route, and no
gentleman would be so discourteous as to object to
it. No one interposes any objection to motions of
this kind; why not, then, adopt this amendment,
which places all the roads in the Union on the
same footing ? it is only necessary now, if a post
route is not authorized by law, to go to the Post-
master General, and satisfy hsm that the public
convenience will be promoted by the adoption of a
particular road, and he will order it to be made a
special route. The United Sjtates mails are now
carried over nearly one*half of all our public roads.
I he Postmaster General has the power in his
hands to order the transportation of the mail over
any of these roads.
in offering his amendment, he disclaimed any
intention to interfere with the wishes of any of the
members of this House. He had proposed it in
the smccrc belief that it was the most proper basis
on which this post-road system could be fixed—
and he hoped his proposition would be received
with favor by the House.
Mr. POTTER said , there had not been a post
route established in the United States for upwards
of two years, and now when they were spending
perhaps a couple of hours in considering this bill,
the plea of economy of the time of the House was
biought. up as an objection. The proposition of |
the gentleman fiom Maryland had heretofore been j
made, and the committee would vety gladly have |
adopted it if they had considered it constitutional. !
But the Constitution authorizing Congress to es- j
tablish post roads, the committee were of the opin- :
ion that it would not be in compliance with the j
spirit of the Constitution to turn over the duty to 1
the Postmaster General, and authorize him to es- ;
tablish post routes He did not suppose the bill j
would occupy more than an hour or an hour and j
a half, if the House would go on and not occupy !
the time by moving to postpone or to amend, in !
particulars where it had undergone theexamina- '
lion f# the committee * '
He suggested, m order to expedite business, that ■
the Clerk read merely the captions; and gentle- j
men, when thoir own States were read, could offer j
anv amendments they desired. !
i he SPEAKER propounded1 the question,
whethe • the House would, by unanimous consent,
adopt the course suggested by the gentleman ftom
Oh in >
Mr. VINTON objected, remarking that they
•would get on better in tiie regular mode of pro-
ceeding.
Mr. INGE said, he wished to submit a pjivi-
J'ged motion. It was evident that the House was
taken by surprise, and were not prepared to act
upon the bi!! at this time 
Air. PEA PIIERSTON interposed, and inquired
w.i^ther debate was in order?
Mr. INGE. I move to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to give opportunity to act upon it deliberately.
Mr. POTTER desired to say m reference to the
charge that he had taken the House by surprise
upon this bill, that on Thursday or Friday ldst he
had given notice to the House that he should
move to take up this bill at the earliest day, and
had requested gentlemen to prepare and have in
readiness any amendments they might desire to
oth-r &
Mr. FEATHERSTON.
bate.
J he SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. INGE begged to say that his colleague, who
was a member of the Committee on the Post Office
anil Post Roads, [Mr. Alston,] was himself taken
by surprise, and express.-d the s'rong desire that
the bid should be referred ro the Committee of the I
Whole on the state of the Union, or postponed to
a day rertam He expressed the earnest hope i
^ Hilt the bill should not be pressed thiough at this ;
when so many members were taken by sur- !
pr-e, and had had no opportunity to t.ropose j
amenemerits whicu they might desire to offer. He !
m r-FPlf desired to offer two or three, but he c.rnild !i
not nov/ lay his hand upon them. Other < ent!e-
m n v re m the same situation. He was wiihn«- I1
to make the bill the special order, say for jj
I object to this de-
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he was satisfied if
this bill were now laid aside, it would not be
reached again for days or weeks, and probably not
during the session. It would be recollected when
the motion was made this morning to take up the
bill, he had objected to it for the same reasons
which now seemed to press with so much force
upon the minds of certain gentlemen, viz: that
some members of the House weie absent, that
the bill had been printed but a few days, that gen-
tlemen had not had the opportunity of examining
it and preparing such amendments as they desired
to offer. But the House had determined to take
up the bill, and had gone half way through it; it
could be disposed of in an hour or more, and he
should now insist that the bill be disposed of. The
, routes were all arranged by States, and gentlemen,
| by turning to that part of the bill of which the cap-
tion was the name of their own Sfatc, could ex-
amine their routes in five minutes, and prepare
any amendment they might consider necessaiy.
lie repeated, he should now insist upon finishing
the hill, and he would move the previous question',
we're it not (hut it would cut off amendments.
Mr POTTER Sfiid he could suggest a mode of
remedying the objections of gentlemen to now
proceeding with the bill. Pie stated that if any
amendments winch gentlemen might desire to
offer should be omitted as they progressed with
the hill, they could be handed in to the chairman
of the Post Office Committee in the Senate, and
gentlemen would hare no difficulty in getting th^m
inserted. Tiiev all knew the difficulty of getting
up bills in the House. He really honed now that
the bill was under consideration the House would |
dispose of it.
[Cries in all parts of the House, "Go on with j
the hill."] !
Mr. FOWLER inquired what wa$ the motion |
now pending5 j
The SPEAKER. To refer the bill to the Com- j
mitfee of the Whole on the state of the Union. j
Mr. FOWLER. I move to lay that motion on j
thp table. >
The SPEAKER said, that motion would not ;
accomplish the object the gentleman had in view,
but would' ratrv the bill itself to the table.
Mr. FOWLER did not press his motion.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Tngk, was taken and rejected.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The House then resumed, and proceeded with
the bill. j
Mr BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, made some re- '
marks in regard to the proposition for a route from i
Tnnkhamrock, which, he stated, needed some (
amendment. He was not then prepared to submit j
the proper amendment, as he had not the petition ;
upon the subject. It was with that view that he 1
had voted to postpone^the consideration of the bill I
till Monday next.
Mr. POTTER submitted the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the routes for Penn-
sylvania, which wns agreed to; viz:
From If ddaT, via Fishct ville, to Eiizabethville, Dauphin
courty
From Bhftie r,nst oflw, at Tti-carora village, to Catta-
po-st office, Sel'inlltiil countv.
From l>rny post office, m Bradford county, Pennsylva-
nia. via GnutviUo, to Trov, in said county.
From Eldrcdville, via Campbell ville, to* New Albany, Sul-
hvin county.
Ft oni Berlin, Somerset countv. via ftoxburv, Sliank<5ville
Buck«Town, Shade Furnace, and Scalp Level, to Johnstown'
in Cambria rounty, Penn*j Ivania. 5
Mr. CALVIN offered the following, to come
after the line 219:
From Spinef Creek« TTunttnerton countv, Pennsylvania
via Wairior's Mark to Phillipsburg, Centre county, Penn-
sjlvama.
The question was put on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
At the rho;creation of Mr BUTLER, of Penn-
sylvnnij, and Mr. HOUSTON, verba] amend-
ments were made to the hill.
Mr. POTTER proposed the following amend-
ment, to e.ome in at the end of the routes for Ma-
ryland, which was agreed to, viz :
Prom Laurel, in Prince George's county, to Sandy
Spring, in Moi.tjrmery court}.
From Baltimore, by way of Ford's Landing and Cteiltorc,
to Warwirk, Cecil county.
Fiom Elkton, Marjland, by way of Fair Hill and Lewis-
ville, Pennsylvania, to Kembleville and New Loudon,
Penn«)Jvania.
Mr. EVAjftS, of Maryland, proposed a verbal
amendment; which was agreed to.
The routes for Virginia, being under considera-
tion,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, proposed the
following amendment, which was agreed to, to
come in at the end of that section, viz:
From Factory Hill to Iloly Neck, Nansemont5 county.
From Buchanan to Clarksburg.
Fiom N«nv S-dem, via New Milton, Sugar Grove, and
F.ummjjti'n, to Ifanwvillo.
Fiom Ripley, via Buffalo, Ri« f^evel, to Barbouiville.
j From West Union, wa Stirie Spring Mills. Lewin'? and
| Lawson's Store and Zeb.i jDuvi*'* Mill*, to Webb's Mills.
IVJr. McDOWELL offered the following amend-
; ment, wh*ch was agreed to, to come in at the end
' of Virginia, viz:
j From Paiter^on depdt, via Fmnkford, Sheetz's Mil),
I Bnilmgton, Wilham«p< '{, and JRidi cway, (McNeuiar's ^
j Road>.) to Pet'-r^hmg, Ilardy county.
; From Franklin, via Monterey, Nil&onville, unci Bath,
; to Crab Bottom, Highland countv.
1 From Winchester to Warden-viUc.
I From Monterey, via Aladisoiivilie and Rnckmans>ville,
I to Mountain Grove.
I Mr. AVERETT moved the following amend-
! ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the end
, of Virginia, viz:
| From Horse Pasture to Mnrtin.-vNIe, %
| Messrs. HAMMOND and SHEPPERD pro-
! postfd verbal'amendments to the bill; which were
I agreed to.
j Mr. POTTER proposed the following amend-
ments, which were agreed to, to come in at the
, end of JV< rth Carolina, vz:
: From BamplonviMo, in Sunv county. North Carolina,
by the w.ivof Lovelace, to Wilkesborough, Wilkes county,
1 m '-.ud Stato.
From C.ithev'* Creek to GeoiiyrMwn, ISTaron countv.
From Fajetteville, via Avorsboroueh village, to Smitfo-
fiehl.
From Salisbury, via Organ Church, to Mount Pleasant,
m Cabarrus county.
Fiom the Warm Springs, North Carolina, to Newpoit,
Tennessee.
Mr. OUTLAW proposed the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the end
of North Carolina, viz:
From St. John's, in Hertford county, via Bntton's W
road?, to Scotland Neck, in Halifax county.
Fiom Powell's Point to Roauoke Island, in Currituck
county.
Mr. POTTER offered the following amendment,
which was agreed to, to come in at the end of
South Carolina, viz:
Fiom Camden, via B,nhop<5villP, to "WillowGrove.
From Hethleliem to Sandy Gtove.
From Andei>on, South Carolina, to Athens, Georgia.
Mr. BURT proposed the following amendment,
which was agieed to, to come m at the end of
South Carolina, viz:
Prom Columbia, via Pleasant Spring', Count^ville, and
Calk's Ro;ul, to Frog Level, in Newberry District.
Mr. WELLBORN moved to strike out >n the
Georgia route, words " Pea Ridge" in line 404 of
the bill, and to insert the words u Buena Vista.'5
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McLEAN of Kentucky, proposed the fol-
lowing amendment, which was agreed to, to come
in at the end of Kentucky, viz:
From Rtwsellville, Logan county, via JBuena Vista
Spungs, to Elkton, Todd county, Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, proposed the
following amendment, which was agreed to, to
come in at the end of Kentucky, viz:
From Mateville, via Slack, to Geimantown.
Fiom Maysville, via Slack and Minerva, to Dover.
Mr. POTTER proposed the following amend-
ment, which was ageed to, to come in at the end
of Tennessee, viz:
From Rogersville, via Anderson's y, Eor.dt?, Kyle's Ford,
and Hunter's Gap, to Jonesville, Lee county, Virginia.
From MeMmnvillo, via Irvin College and William Du-
gan"s, to Chattanooga.
From I)nvei. Stewart county, via Stromhold Furnace, to
Concord, Kentucky.
Fiom Jasper to Pikeville, on the east side of Scquachee
river.
From Ehzabetbtown, via Longtime, to Stockville, North
Carolina.
Fiom Bolivar, via Nubbin Ridge, to Metamora,
From Wayncshorouiiti to Ljndon.
From Tin tie Town, North Carolina, via Duck Town,
Tfnnr^ee. Fighting Town, Georgia, to Ilyaz.
From Diefeden, via Palmer's Store, to Boydviile, Tennes-
see.
From TaylorfcviUe, Tennessee, to John Mast's, North
Carolina.
