1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1655
From TaylorsvHIe to Sugar Grove, North Carolina.
From Tayiorsville, down Roan's Creek, via Carter's Iron
Works, to Sugar Grove, North Carolina.
From Baydad to Carthnc'P. I
From Chattanooga, viaSparta,Gainesborougb,Tompkins-
viiie, to Glasgow, Kentucky.
From Harrison, via Blue Spring, to Cotton Port, Meigs
county.
Fioin Harrison, via Union's, to Pikevj'le.
From Kington, Koane county, to Rohertsville.
Fiom Woodbourrte, in Knox county, via Vandergriff X
Etoa<1s and Austin L. Moore's, to Clinton.
From Franklin, via Ki.rf's y, Road«, to Rally Hill.
From l>M'wlen, via Middlebury, to Troy.
From PikeviHe to Ja«pe r, on the southeast side of the Sc-
quatchee river.
Mr. MARSHALL proposed the following:
amendment, which was agreed to, to come in at
the end of Tennessee, viz:
From Carrolton, via Palmyra, to Bedford.
From Carroltou, via Crimpbeil-sburg, to New Castle.
Mr. POTTER proposed the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the end
of Ohio:
Fiom Pomero^ to Apple Grove, at the head of Letart
Fails, in the county of Meigs,
Mr. POTTER proposed the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the end
of Louisiana, viz:
From Giand Ecore,via Campti, Coushattie Chute, and
Kmt'gold, to Minrim.
Mr. POTTER proposed the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the end
of Indiana, viz:
Froifi Richmond, Wavne countv, via Ddver, Williams-
burg, Economy, Blouutsville, and New Burlington, to
IVluncy, in DH.uv.ire county.
Fiom Srrnthfield, Delaware county, via New Albany;
James Ran«emV, in B'.irkford county, to Montpelier.
Fiom Marion, Giant county, via America, Wabash coun-
ty, to Lasro.
Mr. FEATHERSTON proposed the following
amendment, which was agreed to, to come in
at the end of Mississippi, viz:
From Granada, in Yalla BuMia county, via Leflore,Green-
wood, and Yazoo city, to Vicksburg.
On motion by Mr. McCLERNAND, a verbal
amendment was made in the routes in Illinois.
Mr.,JPOTTER proposed the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the
end of Illinois, viz:
From Middleport, in Iroquois, via Wool, Quitman, , ■
and Butler, to Urhana, in Champaign county, Illinois. , j
Mr. BAKE& proposed the following amend- 'j
ment, which agreed to, to come in at the end |
of Illinois, viz : i!
Fiom Oregon, by Mt. Morris to Buffalo Grove. {
From Sterling, by Union Grove, to Albany, i
Mr. INGE offered the following amendment, j
which was agreed to, to come in at the end of'
Alabama, viz:
Fiom Fayette Court-House to C'ossville.
Mr COBB, of Alabama, offered the following
amendment, which was agreed to, to come in at
end of Alabama, viz:
From Mount Ginsan, J« fferson county, via. Trussvilie, to
Home po«st office, in Blount county.
Fiom Woodviile, Jackson county, to Zackariah, Marshall
county.
Mr. HUBBARD offered the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the end
of Alabama, viz:
From Tuscumbia, Franklin couniy, by the Court House,
to Detroit, Marion couniy.
Mr. PHELPS proposed the following amend-
ment, which was agteed to, to come in at the end
of Missouri, viz:
Fiom Geoi{*etown to Oseola.
From Springfield, via Yoeum'« Mill, to (Tape Fear.
From Somerset, Momoe couniy, to Otter ('rock.
Mr. POTTER offered the following ament}-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in at the ena
of Michigan, viz:
From Paw Paw, Van Buren county, to Black river, via
Brush crock.
The post routes under the head of "Texas"
being under consideration—
Some conversation occurred between Messrs.
G1DDINGS, POTTER, and HOWARD, in which
Mr. G-. objected to establishing any route which
might in any way be construed to commit the
House to the territorial claims of Texas as against
New Mexico; Mr. HOWARD said, there was no
route proposed in the bill that was not within the
acknowledged jui isdiction of Texas.
The matter was adjusted satisfactorily to all, by i,
the adoption, on motion by Mr. RUMSEY, of the j
following amendment—(it being a similar amend- :
ment, to that which was attached to the post-route I
bill of last year:) i
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall he =0
construed as to express any opinion as to the true boundary
of any State or Territory mentioned therein.
Mr. POTTER offered the following amend-
ment; which was agreed to, to come in at the end
of New York, viz:
From Pierrepont Manor to Sackett's Harbor. Jefferson
county, on the line of the railroad now beiner made.
From Adams' Centre to Sackett's Harbor, Jefferson
county, New York, on the direct road thither.
From Romp, Oneida county, viaSranwix, Westmoreland,
Walesville, Vernon, Vernon Centre, Knox's Corners, to
Ori-kanv Falls.
From Rome, Oneida couniy, via Western to Bonneville,
From Chemung to Van Ettenville, Chemung count}, New
York.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing: amendment, which was agreed to, to come
in at the end of Virginia, viz:
From Ohaneellorville to Richard«vi!le.
From Shepherd'* Grove, via Kellyville and Brandy to Cul-
ppj>f>r Courf-Honcp.
From Wvthpville, via Speedwell, Drv Run. E'k Crepk,
Austin and Cornell's store, fndepender.ee, to Ballaid's store,
on Bridle ereek, fiiav*o  county.
Mr. NEWELL offered the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to comc in at the end
of New Jersey, viz:
From Princeton, Mercer county, via Van Wise's Sfe r<>,
Edinburgh, Dutch Neck. Windsor, to Hishtstown, New
Jersey.
Mr. POTTER offered the following amendment,
which was agreed to, to come in at the end of
South Carolina, viz:
From Dvson'-* Mill", via Greenwood, Deadfall, Cokes-
burg, Mount Hill, to And<nson.
Mr. POTTERoffered thefollowingasan amend-
ment to the bill:
IN MINXEFOT*.
From Point Douglas, liy way of Cottage Grove and Red
Rock, to Saint Paul.
From Saint Paul, by wav of the Falls of St. Ari'honv,
Sauk Rapid", and the mouth o! Swan river, to Foil Gaines.
From Swan river to Long Prime and to Pembina.
From Point Douglas, by way of Stillwater,Marine MiHi,
Fall* of Saint Croix. ami Pockpgoma Lake, to the Falls of
St Loin« river ofLake Superior.
From Wabaehsuv, by way of Wnhcoota's village. Olive
Grove, ami Mendo'a, to Fort Snelhnq:.
From Mendota. via Little Rapids,Travelse des Sioux, and
Little Rock, to Sac qui Pi-de.
IN CALIFORNIA.
From Fort Bridget, on Black Fork river, by way of Salt
fjn'ip. Citv, to San Francisco.
From San Francisco, by way of Sacrainenio City, to
Trinity.
From Sacramento City, by way of Yuba, to Lawson's
Ranehe.
From Sacramento Citv to Sutter5'* Millf.
From Saciamento City, by way of Stockion and Sotiora,
to Maraposa
Fiom San Francisco, bv way of San Jm<<, Santa Clara,
Santa Cruz.Sr>u Juan, S;in Antonio, S?n Miguel, San Luis
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Lo« Angelos, to San Diego.
IN OREGON.
Fiom Astoria, bvthe mouth of the f'owlifz liver, Ply-
mouth. PorMand. MilwaukiP, Or"cnn Cm-. Linn Cn>, f,?i
Fayette, via N'tlnniel Ford's to NevMniih'* Mills Mjmvs-
vtlle, John Lovd's Eur^ne F. Skinner's, Pleasant Hill, to
the mouth ofthe tJmpqua river.
From the Umpqua valley, to Sacramento City, in Cali-
fornia.
From Oregon Citv. via Champopg. Salem. ILmiltm,
in Lima countv. Campbell's, Albany, Kirk's Ferry, W. B.
Malay's, to Jaeoh Spore's.
From Nefqually, via the Cowlitz settlement,to the mouth
of the Cmvbiz river.
From Portland, via Vancouver, to thy valley of the Co-
lumbia river.
From Portland to Hillsborough.
From Orcgoji Citv to Harrison Wright's, via Molnlla.
Fiom Hamilton Campbell's to Jacob Conger's, in Santyam
Fo:k=.
From Linn Citv to Hillsborough.
From Santa F£ to Socorro.
Fiom Socorro to Frontera.
From Los Vegas to Santa F£.
From Santa F<5, byway of Abicin, to Tao«.
Mr. PHELPS moved an amendment to the
amendment, providing for a route from Santa Fe
to Salt Lake Citv.
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired of the chair-
man of the Post Office Committee, [Mr. Potter,]
whether the last amendment he had proposed was
the act of the committee5
Mr. POTTERsaid, it had been reported by the
unanimous voice of the committee It had "been
printed in the form of a separate bill.
The nuestion was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Phelps, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of IV'] r.
Potter, and being put, it was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER moved the following amendment,
which was agreed to, to come, in at the end of
Ohio, viz:
From Findlav, Hancock countv, to New Haven.
From Polk, Ashland countv, Ohio, through Albion. West
Salem, Lodi, Lafayette, to Medina, Madison county.'
From Wayncsvilleyim Springboro', to Franklin, in War-
ren county.
From A-htabula Harbor, via Plymouth, Jefferson, and
Denmark, to Ri< hroond, in Ashtabula couniy.
From We«t Jefferson, in Madison county, 10 Mechauies-
burg, in Champaign county.
Mr. PUTNAM offered the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, to come in as the en-
acting clause of the bill, vjz:
" Sec. 1. Be it enacted hi; the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Covgras asu-in-
bteJ, That the following post roads be, and th« same are
hereby, P!-tahli>lied in the States and Territories, as herein-
after expressed, viz: In—"
The hill having been read through—
Mr. POTTER asked the unanimous consent
that the^o amendments should not be journalized.
The SPEAKER said theChair would propound
the question 10 the House, whether they would
give general consent or not. He would state that
when huLs were acted upon m committee the
amendments were not entered upon the Journal.
Mr. VINTON. Is not the requirement of the
Constitution peremptory that the House shall keep
a Journal of its proceedings ? We can dispense
with our own rules by genera! consent, but we can-
not dispense with the Constitution.
Air. TOOMBS said, it was a constitutional pro-
vision that each House should keep a record of its
own proceedings. The question involved m the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee on
the Post-Office and Post Roads, was, whether they
could dispense with the Constitution. He re-
marked (jocularly) that he might consider that
question hereafter, but he objected to the proposi-
tion to suspend the Constitution now.
The SPEAKER, said, that as objection was
made, the House were not called upon to consider
the question, whether by general consent they could
suspend a provision of the Constitution. But the
Chair nvght state that by acting upon bills in the
House in the first instance, the Journal was much
encumbered by amendments of no general import-
ance.
Mr. EVANS said he would now offer his amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman's amend-
ment was pending, and the question would now be
upon agreeing to it.
Mr. EVANS said, the post routes being estab-
lished for this year by the bill, he would not offer
his amendment as a substitute, but as an additional
section. He was proceeding to make a remark,
when—
Mr. STRONG interposed, and (Mr. E. yield-
ing the floor) said, not having had this matter
brought especially to his noticc, he wished to sug-
gest <w inquiry to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] who would undoubtedly be able to
answer it. That inquiry was this: If' all the
routes in thecountry were declared to be postroutes,
he wished to know whether it would be in the
power of the States, after this declaration, to va-
cate any of these routes?
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, again proposed his
amendment, as an additional section to the bilJ,
viz:
Be it jurlher cnaricJ, That alt the roads and navigable
meis in' the UniUd Slates or the Territories thereof, now or
hereafter to be opened, be and the sarm; ai e hereb} declared
to be pot-t routes /or the conveyance of the mail-; and 'he
Postmaster General is hereby authorized, at i.is di-cretion,
to eomiart lor cairymg the mail-from place to place ovi r
the same, in conformity to Jaw, whenev r in Ins opinion the
public good shall require the t-ame to he transported, ni
the s-amo mat'in;i thut he could it eacn loutc were lit 1 em
specially named and not otherwi-e. j
Mr. E. repeated that there was a crreat. body of
public roads in the Union over which the maOa
were inunow carried, but over which the Postmas-
ter Gcneial has the power to cause it to be tians-
ported. It any gentleman, iherefoie,objected that
this amendment gives to the Postmaster Gene ml
an irresponsible power, he would reply, that that
officer has aiieady that power over a great major-
ity of these roads. Should it be found to be
productive of abuse, it would always bo in the
power ot Congress to repeal the provision.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the gentleman
from Maryland intended to say that the Postmas-
ter Geneial was in the practice of dispensing with
any of th<  ro,.ds established by law?
Mr. EVANS replied that lie did not mean to
say that there were any laws passed by Congress
which 1 he Postmaster General did not cany into
effect; '-ut ttieie are many roads over which the
Postm-iMc* G<mial may the mail to be
transposed if he pleases. Tins proposition docs
