THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 22, 1850.
New Series No. 3B.
earned a dollar. Many of these men were brought
here by members of Congress and heads of de-
partments, and were quartered upon the public^
treasury, because they were unfit for service in
any other capacity. They were unfit for any em-
ployment, except that which the Government
afforded* and the probability was, that if Mr.
Secretary Ewin£ would look about the galleries
and lobbies of this Capitol, he might find some of
these clerks moving about here collecting material
by which to slander the Representatives of (he
people on this floor He might find them about
this House; and peradventure, for ought he
(Mr. J.) knew, they might be found at the re-
porters' desks, where seats had been assigned
to them under the authority of this House." If
the Secretary would go through his bureau, and
ascertain whether his clerks were properly em-
ployed m their duties there—if he had honest heads
at his bureau, and would call upon them to re-
port whether the clerks employed there performed
their legitimate duties—he might not have found
it necessary to come to this House, and ask that
his flagrant outrages and violations should be
legalized.
He (Mr. J.) hoped the amendment would not
be adopted; but if it was adopted, he hoped that
the friends of the bill would at least consent to
specify the number of clerks, which the Secretary
should be authorized to appoint, and what their
compensation should be.
Mr. PHELPS said that this was an attempt to
create new offices. These clerks had been ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior without
authority of law, and if Congress appropriated for
them in this bill, v/hen the general appropriation
bill came up they would be told that Congress
had legalized them, and made them a part of the
Departmentof the Interior. When he saw this Ad-
ministration; without any increase of business,
but on the contrary a decrease, calling for new
■clerks, he thought this expenditure of money
should be checked, especially as these clerks had
been employed m violation of law. It appeared to
him that a sufficient number of clerks had been
transferred from the other departments, for the
transaction of the business of this department.
He said that the great argument made use of by
the friends of the bill, establishing this Depart-
ment of the Interior, at the time that bill was under
•consideration in the House, was, that while it
would relieve the Secretary of the Treasury from
the accumulation of business pressing upon him
from the various bureaus in his depaitment, it
would not increase the number of the officers of
the Government beyond that provided for m the
bill. But what were the facts? That very act, if
they sanctioned this amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hampton,] would fasten
upon the Government some twenty-one additional
officers, namely, five in the office of Commissioner
of Customs, six provided for m the law establish-
ing this department, and ten provided for in the
amendment under consideration. Thus twenty-
one additional officers were to be employed by this
Administration, to transact a less amount of busi-
ness than was transacted with the then existing
force under the last Administration. This was a
specimen of the economy of which the party now
in power made such loud professions. Instead of
reducing and curtailing the expenditures of the
Government in every branch, these expenditures
were being increased. Already, in almost every
department, there was an application made for ap-
propriation to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions which had been made for the last, and for
the piesent, year. We found the officers of the
various depaitments disregarding the laws which
they were sworn to execute.
Besides the law establishing the Home Depart-
ment, another law had been disregarded in tolo by
the Secretary of the Interior, in the appointment
of these clerks. He referred to the act, of 1842,
" legalizing and making appropriations for such
necessary objects as have usually been included in
the general appropriation bills, without authority
of law;" and read from the fifteenth section a pro-
36
vision prohibiting the employment of clerks, with-
out authority of law, except in cases where their
services were necessary to answer calls for infor-
mation made r.y either house of Congress. In
this case, he said, the Secretary of the Interior, in
his reply to the Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, had expressly declared, that
these clerks were not employed in consequence of
any call made upon that department for informa-
tion. Hence the Secretary had acted in violation
of this express statute, as well as of the law cre-
ating the department.
He was always ready to vote for the creation of
new officers in any department where he was satis-
fied that a necessity existed for their employment.
Prom all the information before the House, he
believed that no such necessity existed in the pres-
ent case.
There is, however, (continued Mr. P.,) one
branch of the public service here where additional
force is needed, and provision should be imme-
diately made for additional clerks. He referred to
the Third Auditor's Office, in which, amongst
others, claims for horses and other property, lost
in the military service of the United States, the
accounts of the commissary and quartermaster's
departments are settled. Fie was informed applica-
tions for payment of more than 16,000 horses had
been filed m that office for settlement or allow-
ance, many of them have been pending in that
office for more than one year—nearly two years—
and have not been settled oi cannot be settled,
for the want of additional cleiks.
He will propose an amendment to this bill to
give the Third Auditor additional clerks, unless
such amendment shall be moved by another.
Those claims arising out of the war ought to be
settled speedily.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. P. yielding the floor) re-
marked, that the Committee of Ways and Means
had instructed him to move an amendment to this
bill to giving the Third Auditor's Office the num-
ber of clerks which were needed.
Mr. PHELPS remarked, he was glad of it—it
ought to have been done earlier; but this is the
first opportunity which ha? been presented to pro-
vide for such additional clerks. His constituents
had sustained great losses of property in the Mex-
ican war, and ought to have been compensated
long since for the same.
Mr. CARTTER satd he was opposed to this
amendment, and should vote against it, not because
he believed that the men who m'ght have employed
their time in the set vice of the Government, in
connection with the Depaitment of the Interior,
were not entitled to their pay. At the proper time,
and in the proper place, if they presented an equi-
table claim for remuneration for their services,
he would vote it as one member of this House;
but he was opposed to the amendment in the
connection in which it had been presented. The
bill now before them was nominally a deficiency
bill; it was a bill to provide the means for meet-
ing the expenses of the Government that were
authorized by the law; to appropriate it to an
extension of the expenditures, or of the facilities
for expending money, would be to divert the bill
to another purpose from that indicated by its title.
The amendment proposed to do that; and the rea-
son why the amendment was attempted to be in-
grafted upon the bill, if he comprehended it, was,
that the mover of it sought by this insidious pro-
cess, to create a corps of attendants upon the
official dignity of the Secretary of the Interior,
which they could not do directly. This was the
purpose of the amendment—to steal into the ser-
vice of the Federal Government a set of cider-
sucking politicians, that they might bestow the
public treasure upon them.
Sir, (said Mr. C.,) this ia the second time in the
brief portion of this session, that has been appro-
priated to legitimate legislation, that we have been
waited upon by this new Administration with
appeals for money upon the deficiency side of the
appropriations. L>ut a few days ago we were
called upon, in language imperative, to set aside
all other business, and to appropriate forthwith,
about a million and a half of dollars, for the custom-
house service; and we were told, that unless we
complied with this demand, the wheels of the
Government must stop. We were told, that the
Government, having been in operation about one
half of the current fiscal year, had consumed all
the appropriations for this service for the entire
year, and that it was necessary that we imme-
diately make a further appiopriation of a million
and a half of dollars. Now, I do not expect of
this speculating Administration, or of the specula-
ting party, that it is an appropriate head to—that
they will consult economy. It never entered
into the plans of the Federal or of the Whig party,
or of any other organization connected with it—call
it by what name you may—to economize the ex-
penditures of the Government. I am willing to make
an allowance for the extiavagance of their charac-
ter—for the wasteful tendencies of their whole
political or partisan ethics; but when they want
me to do, I prefer to be appealed to in the first in-
stance, and not to comply with their demands,
when the Administration party come to us as the
mere endorsers of Executive corruption. Now, our
fathers, in creating the House of Representatives,
supposed—honestly enough—that offices weie to
be created here—that the expenditures to be appio-
priated for such offices must originate in this body.
God knows that the Executive patronage of this
Government is broad enough—peihaps not to cover
the myriads of bankrupt politicians that wait upon
this Administration—but for all ordinary purpo-
ses; and it does not enter into the belief of the
people, ihat this Congress are going to assign all of
the legislative powers residing here, over to the es-
tablishment at the other end of the avenue. But if
I were going to make that assignment, I should
not make it to Thomas Solitude "~Ewing, by a long
shot. The public history of that man's chaiacter
is too intimately interwoven with speculations m
land scrip—too int.mately connected with endea-
voring to make a bargain with a public gaidcner
here m this city, to lent his house at hal'-price,
in consideration of giving him public employment;
—I say, if I were going to make an assignment of
the legitimate legislative power of this body,
Thomas Solitude Desert Waste Ewing would be
the last assignment.
But I perceive that, in all the comments that
have been made upon this appropriation, the re-
markable fact has been declared that, without any
increase of service m the Department of the Inte-
rior—with a tempoiory decrease of seivice—with
all the force that pieexisted m conncction with this
business—the Secretary of the Interior ht<s gone
on, on his own responsibility, and m violnhon of
law, to create additional officers, which we arc now
called upon to legalize and sanction. No reason
can be assigned to show that these accumulated
clerks are necessary, i can answei the question-
There is no mystery about it to me. This Ad-
ministration, ever since it came into power, has
been engaged in no other business than turning
out the woithy, industrious, intelligent, meritori-
ous servants of the Government, and placing in
their stead a set of crude, lazy, lounging politi-
cians, who come up to this capital to be fed fiom
the public crib And this Tom Ewing, ]>ar excel-
lence, has been engaged in this work; and if you
look at the fa<-ts, the records of the Land-Office
show that twenty-five of the most industrious,
faithful, competent clerks have been displaced by
men who know nothing about the duties to be dis-
charged, and who have no other lecommendation
to appointment, than that they sung glory to an
Administration without any principles.
Now this will account, Mr. Chan man, for the
inciease of cleiks and th,s deficiency of appropria-
tion® And you may make the additional appro-
priation of $12,500 asked for to-day, for this new
corps of political hangers-on, and at the end of the
year you will he called upon to make up another
deficiency of $12,500. I do not propose now to
endorse this. If the Administration in this de-
partment, 30r in other departments, need cleiks,let
them piesent the proper esidence of it to this body,
and we will authorize them here, and fix their sal-
