mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 26,
not compel him to carry the maS overall the roads,
but there were numerous roads in the different
States, the selection of which for the transportation
of the mail would promote the public convenience.
He had several such roads in his district. As the
practice now is, whenever a member of Congress
desires the selection of any particular location, he
goes to the Postmaster General and gets a post
office established as a special office. The contracts
for carrying the mail in these cases, differ from
fell the ordinary mail contracts only in this provis-
ion, that the contractors on the new routes shall
receive their compensation from the proceeds of
the new offices. The Postmaster General, then,
has already the power to transport the mail over
any of the public roads which he may select for
that purpose- The only difference between the
existing practice of the department and the amend-
ment which he now offered, consisted in this: that
now the contractors for I he transportation of the
mail over new and special routes established by
the Postmaster General, are obliged to rely on the
proceeds of the new offices for their compensation,
while under the proposed modification, they would
be placed on the same footing as all the other mail
contractors.
Mr. POTTER explained, that whenever a spe-
cial post office was established by the Postmaster
General, it was the practice of the department to
direct that the mails for such office should be con-
veyed by a mail messenger who was paid out of
the proceeds of such office. There was no con-
tract made in such case, as is m other cases in
which the service of mail transportation was per-
formed.
Mr. EVANS replied, thathe deferred with great
pleasure to the superior information of the gentle-
man from Ohio, the chairman of ihe Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Potter,]
but the gentleman might rely that there always
was a contract in such cases. The experience of
members would justify him in the assertion.
Mr. E. corrected a mistaken impression, which
seemed to prevail among some gentlemen, that
there was something in his proposition inconsist-
ent with the sovereignty of* the States. It was
not so. It was very well known, that the State j
authorities sometimes altered the routes by which
the mail was transmitted within their limits. At
this moment there were seven thousand miles of
railroads constructed throughout the Union, per-
forating most of the States, and several thousand
in progress; and these, by law now existing, be-
come post routes immediately upon completion.
And this proposition looked to nothing further ,
than an extension to the public roads of the Union
of the law already lelating to railroads. He had
also included the navigable rivers in his amend-
ment, though he believed the genera! law made
them also post routes, but he preferred to make the
matter entirely certain by inserting them.
Nothing could be more remote from his inten-
tion than to sanction any interference with the
rights of the States. If he could suppose that such
would be the effect of the amendment, he would
instantly withdraw it. Towards the close of every
session of Congress, much time was always con-
sumed in passing a post route lull. And this was
always a pro forma business. No one asked for
any explanalion as to any route which was intro-
duced'. No one seemed desirous of any informa-
tion on the subject. Not a question was asked.
Bot'a member rose in opposition to any proposed
route. Why, had he been so disposed, he could
have inserted in this bill-every road in the State of
Maryland. And the gentleman from Ohio could
have as easily introduced every public road in that
Stale. ft was never until this moment that he
had heard this objection on the ground of the in-
terference of these post routes with the sovereignty
of the States. If his proposition, which included
the whole of the public roaus, was an interference
with the sovereign power of the States, so also
was the present post-road bill, which converts
about 36.SOU roads into post routes, and takes
them out of the sovereignty of the States; and
eveiy gentleman offering a proposition for a new
rente, submits a new encroachment on that sover-
eignty. The county commissioners in the State
ot Maryland have been in the practice of opening
new roads and closing old ones. And he had
known some of the most warm and animated con-
tests among gentlemen of influence in the State,
which aiose out of the action of these commission-
ers in opening and closing roads, but the question
of want of power had never been made. He had
never heard of these disputes being carried to the
highest tribunals of the State. They had always
been decided by the county commissioners, and
had never gone up to the court of appeals.
His proposition conferred no power on the Post-
master General, which he did not now possess.
If he chooses to exercise an irresponsible power,
he can do it as well now, as he could under that j
proposition. If that proposition interferes with the
State sovereignty, so does this post-route bill. The
PostmasterGeneral will be enabled, without delay,
to grant some facilities to the transportation of the
mail which he cannot do now. It is where mem-
bers early in the session desired new offices and
new routes by contract well known that delays
have arisen in consequence of the want of an act
declaring the route to exist, and many months
have been wasted to the public disadvantage, while
waiting for the bill to he passed upon by the
House. By the passage of this section such incon-
veniences would be avoided, as well as great waste
of public time hy the House.
! Mr. SCHENCK said, he thought the whole ar-
! foment of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
I Eyans] proceeded upon a misapprehension. Sup-
! pose, said he, that Congress should, by a sweeping
\ clause, enact that all roads and highways should
: be post routes, what would follow ? The moment
! this was done, and the law took its place on the
statute book, the Postmaster General must imme-
diately advertise for contracts. The gentleman
from Maryland had said he could do so now. It
was true he could do it, but it was under special
limitations. He might establish special offices, j
and engage messengers to carry the mail to and |
from these special offices, upon the condition, how- i
ever, that the carrying of the mail should be paid j
for out of the receipts of the office; but this condi- j
tion did not apply to the gentleman's plan. He j
repeated, that the moment an enactment of this [
kind went fipon the statute book, the Postmaster ]
General must advertise for contracts, and he must j
accept the lowest bids that were made, although
thev mis-ht go far beyond the receipts of the offices.
Mr. EVANS (interposing, and the floor being
temporarily yielded) said: The gentleman says
that the PostmasterGeneral must advertise imme-
diately for contracts. Now, I ask, suppose there
are no post offices on the route, what is he going
to advertise for? The gentleman's statement re-
futes itself.
Mr. SCHENCK said he would not enter into
a legal or constitutional argument with the gentle-
men on this point. The gentleman from Mary-
land had declared that he would not give a legal
opinion without a fee. He declined giving any
fee, and would not, therefore, ask the gentleman's
opinion. What he intended to say was, that the
effect of establishing post routes was to require
the Postmaster General to contract for carrying
the mail over those routes, and it was his duty to
advertise for such contracts immediately. He
could not dispense with the law—he must act in
obedience to it.
The gentleman, it appeared, wanted every town-
ship and county road, every street and thorough-
fare, to be a mail route. One thing was very cer-
tain, such routes in Maryland would not pay the
expense. The gentleman was clearly aiming at
procuring the aid of a general law to let in light
throughout the by-ways of Maryland, at the ex-
pense of the rest of the country. He thought the
House had far better go on, in the exercise of its
constitutional power, and establish specific post
routes where they were really needed, and then
| leave the Postmaster General to the exercise of his
I legitimate duties to advertise and obtain contracts
| upon as favorable terms as he could.
J If in order, he would ask for the previous ques-
I tion.
\ Mr. FEATHERSTON desired the gentleman
i from Ohio to withdraw his demand for the pre-
\ vious question for a moment, in order to enable.
him to make a remark.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly, if the gentleman
, will renew it.
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he would do so.
j He had no desire, he said, to protract this discus-
sion; but he merely desired to say, that he was
\ opposed to the amendment of the gentleman from
j Maryland, for the reason, that it would not ac-
I complish the object which he supposed the gentle-
man haci in view. The gentleman's object seemed
to be two-fold: first, he wished to confer upon the
Postmaster General power to establish post loutes,
as well as power to determine whether the mails
should be carried on them or not, after they were
established. So far as this object was concerned,
he was opposed to it. He was opposed to en-
larging or increasing the powers to be exercised
by the Postmaster General. He would rather see
them diminished than increased. He thought
they were too great already. But the principal
object of the amendment lie supposed to be, to su-
peisede the necessity of legislating on the subject
at every session of Congress, and passing bills es-
tablishing post routes throughout the United Slates,
[f this object could be accomplished, he would cer-
tainly be in favor of it; but the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Maryland would
not accomplish it. If this amendment wereadopted,
it would still be necessary, at each session of Con-
gress, to pass such a bill as tlie^ne now upon
the table. The proposition was, to make all high-
ways mail routes; but they would have occasion
to establish mail routes for the Territories every
year where highways do not exist.
For these reasons, inasmuch as the amendment
would not accomplish the object which the gentle-
man had in view, inasmuch as it would not super-
sede the necessity for legislation on the subject at
every session of Congress, he was opposed to it.
And according to the promise he had given to the
gentleman from Ohio, he would renew the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, being first upon agree-
ing to the amendment of Mr. Evans.
The amendment was again read.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay that motion
on the table.  
Which latter jnotion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved thattherules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committes
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DANIEL appealed to thejjfcntleman from
Virginia to yield the floor, to enaoTT him to mane
a report from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BAYLY declined to withdraw.
Mr. CHANDLER asked the gentleman to
waive his motion for a moment, to allow him to
ask leave to withdraw papers from the files of the
House—the papers in the case of Joseph Nock—
to be referred to one of the Executive Depart-
ments.
The SPEAKER. Leave will be granted if no
objection is made. No objection was made.
Mr. JONES appealed to the gentleman to waive
his motion to allow him (Mr. J.) to offer the res-
olution which he had asked leave to offer this
morning, providing seats for the reporters of the
Glo'ie. . . , ,
Mr. BAYLY declined to yield, stating that there
were three or four,gentlemen who desired to otter
resolutions, and if he withdrew for one he must
for others.
The motion of Mr. Bayly was put and agreed
to—ayes 89, noes 45.
GENERAL APPBOPRTATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee or the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,
for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
The CHAIRMAN stated, that when the com-
mittee were last in session they had gone through
the bill and disposed of all the amendments of-
fered.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise ana
report the bill. ....
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
The committee accordingly rose and reported
the bill and amendments to the House.
And the question being first on agreeing to the
amendments reported, and then upon the engross-
ment of the bill—
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor,and said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to call the previous
