562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
aries,and they will be controlled by the legitimate
power under the Constitution, instead of leaving
them to be created, nnd their salaries fixed, by the
head of one of the Executive departments.
I hope that the friends of the Administration—
particularly with the avowal that we are willing to
give them twenty-five percent, above the ordinary
limitation of economy for a Democratic Adminis-
tration—we are willing to pay this tribute to you;
we know the wastefulness of your party—I hope, I
say, that, under these circumstances, you will not
compel us to create a force in this way. My
colleague from the Montgomery district, [Mr.
Schenck.] appealed to us upon the score of pa-
triotism, assuming that the Whig party in this
House, during the prosecution of the Mexican
war, when appealed to for appropriations, were
patriotic, and responded to the appeal, and voted
the appropriations. Well, that may be patriotic,
hut I never heard it called by that name before.
[Laughter.] I knew, sir, that a twelvemonth
would not roll round, before the very men that
■were cursing the war in their teeth—pronouncing
it a war of cut-throats'and plunderers, and who
were bleeding, as was my friend from the Mont-
gomery district, at eveiy pore in view of its mon-
strosity— would be claiming its paternity. We
prophesied that. They beaan the game by elect-
ing the chief murderer in the war, and now, for-
sooth, they are claiming thr patriotism of keeping
the whole machinery of Government in motion
during its progress. That is not my recollection
of the matter, however; my recollection is that,
with long speeches, with multiplied and vexa-
tious amendments, and loud anathemas pro-
nounced upon the Administration and its enter-
prize. The Whig party, to a man, in both wings
of the Capitol, were loading down with emlauass-
ment and delays, all measures necessary for the
prosecution of the war. 1 believe that is the his-
tory of the matter; and I was not a little aston-
ished to find my honorable colleague fiom the
Montgomery district, assuming; here, for the Whig
party, a patriotic paternity of the war. 1 was not
a little astonished at it, but such is the fact; and
gentlemen on this side of the House are appealed
to, on the score of patriotism, to sustain Tom
Ewmg in arrogating to himself the power of ap-
pointing clerks in violation of law, on the ground
that, du ring the crisis of the war, when every
department of the Government was tried to its
last tension, in the exercise of its duties, gpntie-
men on the other side of the House voted, m some
cases, for the increase of clerks absolutely neces-
sary to enable the depaitmcnts of the Government
to discharge their duties. Now, I feel very patri-
otic, and if the clerks who have thus been foisted
into that department, without any apology appa-
rent upon the face of the history of that depart-
ment, will come here for pay, and make out a
reasonable case, I have no objection to pay them.
But I ask the fi lends of the Interior when they do
come, not to ask us to legalize a distinct assump-
tion of power upon the part of this, or any other,
branch of the Executive Department. If I had
the power over this Execute e establishment in the
hands of this Administration, or any other, I
would strip it of two thirds of in patronage. If
I had the power, 1 would deprive it of the appoint-
ment of postmasters, and of all patronage not
essential to the unity of its counsels. Instead of
that, the friends of this Administration—the party
who do not believe in Executive patronage, or Ex-
ecutive power—come here and ask us to constitute
our labors into a mere appendage of Executive
power, to sanction and legalize the usurpations of
power by the Executive agents nnd subordinates.
For my part, I decline to convert myself into any
such inurnment.
Mr. TAYLOR addressed the committee:
It is exceedingly gratifying, Mr. Chairman, said
he, to the personal and pohtu ai friends of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, that, after a discussion of
two days, in which eight of the most distingu'shed
gentlemen on the Dernociatic side of this House
have made a systematic and violent attack upon
Mr. Ewing, the head of the Department of the
Interior, they have only been able to make one
serious allegation, showing, as they think, an
usurpation of power.
The chief objection which they find to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, in the administration of his j
most important duties, is, that he asks for an an- i
propnaUon for $6,800, for clerk hire, which is i
absolutely necessary for the discharge of the duties
of that department, which was created the last day
of the last session of Congress. I say, sn , it is a
source truly of gratification to me—to the personal
and political friends of Mr. Ewing, the distin-
guished Secretary of the Department of the Inte-
rior—that this is the only objection which has yet
been heard, in a debate of two days, against this
gentleman, or the Administration which appointed
him. I do not rise to complain of the discussion.
I am glad of it. I knew that there was to be a
systematic attack made upon this distinguished
gentleman, and upon this new Department of the
Interior, because it is one more intimately con-
nected with the internal—the interior administra-
tion of the duties of the Federal Government, than
all the other departments put together. Nay, sir,
there were many reasons for this attack. It is
known to this country—it is known to this House
j —it is known to you, Mr. Chairman—itis known
I to the gentlemen who have made this attack, and
| cast these reflections upon the Secretary of the In-
j terior—that he is a gentleman far above the neces-
j sity of any defence from the humble individual
! who now speaks in his behalf upon this floor.
1 He is a man who has a reputation commensurate
with this nation—won by distinguished services
in the other end of the Capitol for a series of years
—won since by his laborious efforts in the emi-
nent profession which he adorns and illustrates.
By his industry, talents, and high character, he
has always fulfilled every expectation that his
friends indulged for him,in every public station to
which he has been elevated. I do not say too
much when I say, that that gentleman stands
among the highest in this land for talents, chai-
j acter, and reputation, as an'American statesman.
{ He is eminently qualified for any position in this
| Government—even for the chief Executive chair;
1 and the Administration which now presides over
| this country, with so much dignity and credit to
i the country, has done itself honor in calling that
, gentleman to the head of the administration of the
internal affairs of the Government. It was, to my
own knowledge, a peisonal sacrifice to him to ac-
cept of the executive chair of the Department of
the Interior. How he has fulfilled the duties of
that station, let his public acts tell. Look to his
leport, made to the Executive of the United
States, and communicated to Congress with the
President's annua! message, at the commencement
of the present session. Where will you find upon
the records of yourcountry, a more able and beau-
tifully-written production, admirably setting forth
the duties of that department? Its style, its man-
ner, its material, do him crndit in an eminent de-
gree. I believe he has performed his duties faith
fully. It became the duty of the President of the
United States, under the law passed at the last
session of Congress, to have this Department of
the Interior organized. This law was passed, as
1 have stated, on the last night of the last session
of Congress—it was passed by a largo majority in
both branches. As has been well said by my col-
league before me, [Mr. Vinton,] it was passed on
the recommendation of a Democratic Secretary of
the Treasury. The bill was drawn by the late
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Walker, upon a
consultation with other eminent men in the other
branch of Congress. I say, when you pass an
act establishing a separate department upon the
last day of the last session—a short session, too—
just as the former Administration was going out of
power—it could not be expected that all the de-
tails—everything requisite to the organization of
a new department—should be as systematically,
carefully, and fully prepared as it ought to be.
'My colleage, former chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and now a member of that
committee, fully explained to this House this morn-
ing the necessity for the creation of that depart-
ment'—the dimes of that department, and the
necessity for these additional clerks—a necessity |
not foreseen by us at the time the act was passed j
It could not then have been foreseen that it would j
J be necessaiy to have four, five, six, or, if you j'
, please, ten additional clerks to organize a new de- I
j partment, in the first place, and cany on the busi- j
ness of the country, as we find it necessary to
have it done by a new department.
Gentlemen see great objection to this appro-
priation, because, they say, the business of the
country has not increased. Sir, the business of
the country is always increasing. We live in a
great country—a country, with the progies^ of
which in population, wealth, intelligence, every-
thing that elevates and meieasesi the prosperity of
the people, the most intelligent men of the country
can scarcely keep pace; and it requires additional
force to carry on the Executive Depaitments. I
am surprised when I find gentlemen rising on this
floor upon a bill, appropriating perhaps a milium
and a half of dollars to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations necessary to carry on this Govern-
ment, and consuming two or three days in discus-
sing whether one of your departments shall have
an appropriation of six, eight, or ten thousand
dollars for additional clerk hire. What is it but a
drop—a single drop—in the great expenditures of
the country ? You appropriateeight or ten million:*
annually for the support of the navy; you appro-
priate nearly the same amount for the support of
thearmy;you appropriatealtogeth'ersome thirty or
forty millions for thepubbc service; and when the
head of a Department, conti oiling more patronage
—and controls it rightly, and supervising more
subordinate officers than any other branch of the
Government—asks at the hands of Congress an
appropriation of six or eight thousand dollars to
supply a deficiency, we are met with objections in a
debate of two days, the principal features of which
are violent attacks upon the Administration.
As regards the statements which have been
made in relation to Mr. Ewing, I leave his history,
and those who have known him, to speak. Let
them vindicate him. We are not afraid of such
attacks—he is above them. He does not need
my eulogies; but I may aay that 5 do not believe
that a purer, more honest, vigilant, or upright pub-
lic servant has occupied a post in any branch of
the Executive department during the existence of
the Government.
As I do not often trespass upon the attention of
the House, I beg leave to say one thing in connec-
tion with this Department of the Interior. I see*
with pleasure, that the President of the United
States has not, m his annual message, ovei looked
that great interest of the United States, the agri-
cultural, including the planting and farming in-
terests of the country. He brings it to the notice
of Congress, and recommends that something be
done for it by the establishment of an Agricultural
bureau, to be under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, if it ever shall be the pleasure of
Congress to establish it. I trust it will be estab-
lished—that the best means which the Government
can provide, will be brought into requisition to do
something for the encouragement and protection of
this, the great, and I may say the principal, in-
terest of the United States—for U evidently lies at
the foundation of all our prosperity. What would
be our commerce—what would be our manufac-
tures, but for the planting and farming interest?
What encouragement, what assistance, what pro-
tection has this great interest ever received at the
hands of this Government? Fiom the days of
Washington, down to the present time, the estab-
lishment of an Agricultural bureau has been an-
nually recommended in the messages of the Presi-
dents of the United States, and yet no such bureau
has been established. Nor has anything been
done to protect this great interest. °
Mr. GREEN interposed, to a question of order.
He understood that, by special agreement, the
discussion on this bill was to be confined to ques-
tions growing out of it, and that nothing extra-
neous should be introduced.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is my object to do so. I am
only replying to some general remarks, which
have been thrown out by gentlemen on the other
side of the house.
[Cries: "Goon—goon!"]
Mr. TAYLOR, (continui!i .) If it be the pleas-
ure of the committee, I wiil submit a very few
more remarks in relation to this Agricultural bu-
reau, winch is to be under the control of the Sec-
retary of the Interior. J was very flail to have
the oppo> tunny, a few days since, of voting for an
increased number of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents. In this connection, I may be
pardoned for alluding to a fact. Gentlemen repre-
senting the interior districts of the country, and
whose constituents aie mainly agricultural, look
with freat interest to that report—being the only
one published by Congress-—t^ivine; statistics and
information especially valuable to the farming in-
terests of^ the country. I hope the Agricultural
bureau will be established under the direction of
