1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1657
question when I conclude. But before I do that,
1 respectfully ask the attention of the House for a
few moments. Constant complaint has been made
in this House and elsewhere, of the large amount
of appropriations reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and an attempt has been made
to cast odium upon us in consequence. The bill
upon which we are now about to vote, has been
complained of especially as extravagant; and the
attempt has been made to hold the Committeet>f
Ways and Means responsible for it. On one or
two occasions I have pointed out, in general terrps,
the injustice of these complaints. But as they are
stilt continued, and as I know there are some here
who mean to vote against the bill, upon the alleged
ground of the extravagance of the appropriations
contained in it, I desire to go into more detail than
I have heretofore done, and to show to the House
and the country precisely where the increase has
taken place, and what has made it necessary.
For this purpose I shall take, as the basis of
comparison, the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill approved on the 10th of August, 1846,
making appropriations for the year ending the
30th day of June, 1847. I take that bill because
it was one passed the first session of a Con-
gress, under a new Administration, and in that
respect it is analogous to this, and because the
Committee of Ways and Means was then pre-
sided over by General McKay, a gentleman noted
for his economy. That act appropriated $4,151,866.
The bill of this year, as reported by myself, pro-
posed to appropriate §9,709,732. Since then, I
have stricken from the bill the item of §3,360,000
for the payment of the instalment and interest of
our debt to Mexico. But as most of the com-
plaints were made of the amount of the bill before
that was done, I prefer to leave it in for the pur-
pose of the comparison [ propose to draw. Since
the session of Congress of 1845-'46, many new
objects of appropriations have been created by
law, which the Committee of Ways and Means
had no right to disregard, and which, I beg to
add, this House even, which is but one branch of
Congress, cannot, with propriety, disregard. If
the laws be wrong, we can repeal them. But
until that is done, in my humble opinion, this
House cannot refuse the appropriations made in-
dispensable h^M.hem. Those objects are, in part,
as follows: Plw salaries and commissions of re-
gisters of land offices and receivers of public mon-
eys, §128,070. For expenses of depositing puhlic
moneys by receivers of public money, $17,715.
For incidental expenses of several land offices,
$25,050. These appropriations it became neces-
sary to ninke in consequence of the act of 3d of
March, 1849. Prior to that act, all of these ex-
penses'were paid out of the proceeds of the lands
sold before they came into the Treasury. But
that law requires that the gross receipts shall be
brought into the Treasury, and the expenses be
appropriated. These are new objects of appro-
priations, but not of expenditure. For salaries of
assistant treasurers. $11,500. Additional salaries
of the treasurers of the Mints at Philadelphia and
New Orleans, $,2,500. For the salaries often clerks
to assistant treasurers, §9,000. For salary of chief
clerk to assistant tieasarer of New York, $1,500.
For contingent expenses under the act providing
for the safe-keeping and transfer of the public rev-
enue, $16,500. For compensation of special
agents to examine the books and accounts of de-
positories of public moneys, §5,000. All of these
appropriations were made necessary by the sub-
treasury law, as it is familiarly called, that passed
at the same time the civil and diplomatic bill of
'45 and '46 did, and which did not contain them.
For salary of examiners of drugs, (an office lately
created by law,) $7,000. Then there is an appro-
priation in this bill of $110,000 for the erection of
the Patent Office building, which was directed by
a law of the last Congress; and also f 150,000 for
running the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico, required by our treaty with
that Republic. In addition to this, the bill con-
tains an appropriation of $1,116,000 for defraying
the expense of taking the census, which occurs
but once in ten years. But the principal item is
the one for the payment of the instalments to
Mexico, and which amounts to §3,360,000. The
bill, however, of 1845-'46 contained an appropri-
ation of §320,000 for the payment of Mexican
indemnity, which, to make the comparison fair,
ouo-ht to be deducted. The item would then be
| $3,040,000. This bill appropriates for the com-
i pletion and furnishing of the marine hospitals on
the western waters, the erection of which have
been directed by laws of Congress passed since
1846, §284,308. To all this must be added
§44,570, the appropriation for the office of Com-
missioner of Customs, and $201,097 for the De-
partment of the Interior, both of which were cre-
ated by an act of Congress.
Mr. SWEETSER said, that inasmuch as the
gentleman from Virginia had announced his in-
tention to move the previous question at the con-
clusion of his remarks, he desired permission first
to call his attention to one point. The gentleman
had spoken of the expenses of the Department of
the Interior as being a new and additional charge
upon the Government, to be appropriated for over
and above the appropriations of the session of
'45-'46, to which he had referred. He would
[ ask the gentleman if that department was not in
I fact formed by the transfer of certain bureaus, for
I which appropriations had always heretofore been
i made? It would doubtless be recollected, that
1 when that department was proposed to be created,
| it was stated, by authority, that there would be
very little additional expense incurred; in fact, no
other expense than the salary of the Secretary and
that of his chief clerk.
Mr. BAYLY. We had up and discussed that
whole matter when the deficiency bill was before
the House. It is true it was said that before the
law was passed, the creation of the Department of
the Interior would entail but a small additional
charge upon the Treasury. But it has turned out
differently, as I predicted at the time it would. It is
true, as the gentleman states, that the law estab-
lishing the Department of the Interior provided
for the transfer from the other departments of the
force engaged upon it, with the business trans-
ferred * But does not the gentleman recollect, that
when the deficiency bill was before this House, it
sanctioned, ffgainst my wishes, the employment of
other force in the office of the Secretary of the In-
terior beyond that transferred to it? But the sum <
of §201,000 is made up in part, and in the largest
part, of appropriations for the bureaus transferred
from the other departments to that of the Interior;
and but for that transfer the increase of appropria-
tions for ^he other departments, which even now
exists, as I shall directly show, would be much
larger than they are. But for this the Committee
of Ways and Means are not responsible. I have
resisted, in almostevery instance, those laws which
i have made'this increase of expenditure necessary,
j These appropriations to new objects amount to
I |5,169,810.
I turn now to the old objects of appropriation,
to show where the increase has taken place, and
that the Committee of Ways and Means are not
responsible for it. They are as follows:
There is an increase in the appropriation for
Congress over that made in 1845-'46 of §16,568.
This has been made necessary, in part, in conse-
quence of the admission of two new States and
the organization of two additional Territories.
Since 1846 Iowa and Wisconsin have been ad-
mitted into the Union with four Senators and four
Members. It is true they then had two Delegates,
but since then we have organized two other Ter-
ritories, Minnesota arid Oregon, whose Delegates
are further off and receive more mileage than those
of Iowa and Wisconsin did. In the appropriation
for the Law Library there is an increase of §1,000.
This increase was made upon the application of
the Supreme Court. The former appropriation
was found to be insufficient to supply the library
with necessary books. In the State Department
the increase is §14,645. In the Treasury, §20,241.
In the War, §40,710. This item consists princi-
pally of the appropriation for the rent of a fire-
proof building which has been erected for the ac-
commodation of the public offices since 1845—'6.
! In the Navy Department, the increase is §4,955.
I Now, in reference to these last four items, the
I same remarks apply. The increase is owing, in
I part, to increase in the number of clerks authorized
I by Congress; but principally to the increase in
i their contingent expenses. Over these the com-
| mittee can exercise no control; the amount of them
i depends upon the economy observed in the depart-
! ments. Charged, as the Committee of Ways and
, Means is, with the moat responsible and laborious
i; duties, it is impossible we can scrutinize minutely
II the manner in which their contingentfundsare ex-
pended. The House was aware of this, and hence
we have a standing Committee upon Public Expen-
ditures, whose duty it is " to examine into the state
of the several public departments, and particularly
into the laws making appropriations of money,
and report whether the moneys have been distrib-
uted conformably with such laws," &c. And we
also have separate committees upon the expendi-
tures in each of the departments. Now, sir, it
was the duty of these committees to exam-
ine into this subject, and ascertain if there had
been any unnecessary and improper increase of ex-
penditure. But I am free to confess that I do not -
believe that these committees could accomplish
much in this respect; for the expenditures in those
departments at last depends upon the heads of
them. Proper economy m them can only be en-
forced by them. The duty in this regard is prop-
erly an administrative one; and the committees of
Congress can do but little in -respect to it. Let the
responsibility, therefore, rest where it belongs.
For the Mints, there is an increase of appropria-
tion to the amount of §52,277. The greatly aug-
mented amount of business done at them, making
necessary the employment of additional labor and
the erection of new machinery consequent upon
the influx of California gold, is the cause of it.
The appropriations for ourTerritories this year
are §17,250 larger than in '46. But they are made
indispensable by existing laws, which were made
unavoidable by our distance from them, and the con-
dition of things existing in them. The appropria-
tions forthe Judiciary are §126,337 largerthan they
were in 1846. Over these appropriations the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had no control. Nearly
every item in them is fixed by law. They consist,
to a large extent, of salaries of judges arid other
officeis fixed by law, and allowances also fixed by
! law. The Committee of Ways and Means could
I not disregard these laws; nor was it our duty to re-
. vi=e and remodel them. Charged as that commit-
tee is with all the multifariousnnd ramified moneyed
i operations of this great nation we have no time to
bestow upon anything else. My investigations
have satisfied me that there is no department of
the Government in which greater and more bene-
ficial reforms could be introduced than in the judi-
cial. And I felt it hit duty to call the attention of
the Committee on the Judicary to it; and the House
will recollect that 1 did so some time since on this
floor. And I was happy on that occasion to find,
that what I said was concurred in by my colleague
of the Ways and Means from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
1 The appropriation for the survey of the public
: lands this year is §156 502 more than it was in
184S. This appropriation was pressed upon us
by the Administration, by whom it was repre-
sented as demanded by a regard for the public in-
terest, and also by a number of gentlemen from the
Western States. Besides, whole Territories have
been brought under our land laws since 1846. If we
had reduced it, every one knows we would not l.e
sustained by this House; on the contrary, as large
as the appropriation proposed was, this House
has increased it by amendments, and in truth the
amount of appropriation on this head is a matter
of very little real consequence. All of our lands,
sooner or later, must be surveyed, and it is merely
a matter of time when it shall be done.
in the expense of our intercourse with foreign
nations there has been an increase of §66,600.
This has grown principally out of the greater
number and higher grade of ministers, and the
frequent changes in them. But the Committee
of Ways and Means are not responsible for this.
There is an increase of appropriation of §16,000
to defray expenses incident to our loans, made
necessary by our increase of debt There is an
increase of appropriation for the erection of cus-
tom-houses,-even before the adoption of the amend-
ments offered in the Committee of the Whole, of
§195,000. But none of these were for new ob-
jects. All of them had been provided for by laws
of former Congresses, and our appropriations are
to complete what has already been begun. For
the Coast Survey there is an increase of appropri-
ation of §105,000; and we were urged very earn-
estly to augment even this, and it was owing to
our exertions it was not done. I suggested on
this floor how nearly the whole of this appropria-
tion could be saved, viz: by the employment of
the army and navy, to whom it properly belongs,
to make the survey. But it is the duty of the
. Committee on Military and Sfaval Wains to
