564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
and I believe it was slated by the present Chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Baylit,] that the majority of the officers in Wash-
ington, during the Administration of Mr. Folk,
were Whigs. And since that time we know that
- large numbers of Democrats have been displaced,
and Whig3 appointed in their places; it ia a fair
inference that the Democrats are now largely in
the minority.
[A Voice. And growing beautifully less every
day.]
Mr. THOMPSON, (continuing.) And as is
suggested by a gentleman near me, growing beau-
tifully iess every day. The gentleman asserts the
affirmative. He asserts a fact, and then asserts
that unless we prove the contrary, we admit the
fact. That is the gentleman's position.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will state to the gentleman
from Mississippi what I did assert, i have no
means of knowing exactly the number of Demo-
crats and Whigs in office in Washington; but I
hear it stated by gentlemen connected with the
departments—gentlemen of high character and
truth—that such is the fact, that the Democrats
hold a majority of the offices in this city. I do
not know the fact. I believe it is true, but if not
true, if any gentleman has knowledge to the con-
trary, I shall be very, glad if he will rise and
state it.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and endeavored to ad-
dress the Chair.
Mr. TAYLOR declined to yield.
Mr. T. proceeded. I have but a few more
remarks to make, and I will yield the floor to the
gentleman. I have been led into these remarks,
contrary to my inclination, by what fell from
my colleague over the way, [Mr. Cartter,] in
reference to the changes which have been made
in these departments. I have made some remarks
in vindication of the Secretary of ihe Interior, and
I stated facts which I believe will justify me in
making the appropriation asked for in that depart-
ment, for additional clerk hire, i believe it is ne-
cessary for the public seivice; and when i believe
that such appropriations are necessary, while I
have the honor of a seat on this floor, whether it
is under a Democratic or a Whig President, I shall
vote, as f have heretofore voted, not to withhold
supplies, but to give all reasonable and proper ap-
propriations required for the service of the General
Government. During the last Congress, I voted
liberally every appropriation askedx for by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and 1 shall do so again.
And during the progress of the Mexican war, al-
though I was opposed to the manner in which it
was commenced, I invariably voted every appro-
priation to carry on the war, and upheld the flag
of our country in honor; and I rejoice to know,
that while the Whigs are denounced on this floor
as having opposed the war, the war was conducted
underihe direction of the two-ablest generals the
world ever saw, both of whom were Whigs—one
of whom the people have already elevated to the
Presidential chair, which he now fills with so
much ability and usefulness to the country; and
if the other should live long enough, he stands a
very good chance to reach the same high position,
in spite of all opposition.
Mr. T. having concluded,
Mr. CROWELL obtained the floor; but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to, the committee
rose and reported progress.
THE DEBATE.
Mr. BAYLY moved the usual resolution, pro-
viding that all debate on the deficiency bill should
termin-ite at two o'clock to-morrow.
Pending which motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. THURSTOV save notice that he would to morrow,
or som-' subsequent day, a*k h ave to introduce a lull for the
establishment of a JPension Agency in Oregon territory.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro- 1
priate committees; ;
By Mr. YOUNG; The petition of citizens of t-uvn-hin 6,
flinty, Illinois asking
a re-location of school section in said township.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORiV: The prmJn of W £1.
Si ?er Cltlzens of' RortieHer, New York, niay- [
tan<rhalUn4?b«padere^ciftcn'a* C°lleCte<3 Un'er "1C !
By Mr. THURSTON: The. memorial of a citizen of
Oregon territory, asking .'ppioptiations for certain territorial
roads and bridges in said territory.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 63 citizens of Homer,
Cortland county, New York, for cheap postage.
Also, of 110 citizens of Freetown, Cortland county, New
York, for fhe same.
Also, of 141 eiti/.ens of Moravia, Cayuga county. New
York, against the admission of any State into the Union
unless the constitution of such State febaU prohibit slavery
therein.
By Mr. WOOD: A petition from G. B. Abel and 56 other
citizens of Wood and Henry counties, in the State of Ohio,
praying Congress to establish a mail loute fioia Peiysbmg,
in Wood county, to Defiance, m Defiance county, on the
south side of the Maumee river.
By Mr. G1LMORE: The petition of Frederick Kaylor
and 306 others, citizens of Freeport, Penns\lvania, praying
I for the freedom of the public lands.
Also, the petition of A. J.GufFyand 18 others, citizens of
Clearfield county, Pennsylvania, piavmg lor cheap po&tase.
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of the Kendutky Lodge
ofOrld Fellows, of Bangor, Maine,for chf ap postage.
Also, the petition of Isaac Haskell and 48 others, citizens
of Garland, Maine, lor the same.
By Mr. DOTY: The petnion of Horace Chase and
others, citizens of Wisconsin, lhat Government proeure for
the shipping *>f the lakes the right to navigate the St. Law-
rence.
By Mr. SPALDING : The petition of Stephen Howard,
for bounty land for >ervice? during the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of citizens of £rte county, New York,
prajing Congrew* to prohibit slavery in the territories, tor
abolishing slavery and the slave-tiad'e m the District of Co-
lumbia, and agaiiK-tthe admission of any more slave Stales.
By Mr. THURMAN: The petition of E. H. Ro>ukrans
and 47 others, citizens of Glen's Falls, New York, asking
specific duty on iron.
Also, th" petition of Samuel Coining and 302 others,
cilizi- ns of Fort Ann„New Yoik, for the same.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of Levi Clarke and
40 others, citizens of Plamfield, Massachusetts, for one cent
postage on newspapers, and two cent* on prepaid letters of
half an ounce, and other eoi responding refotins.
Also, the petnion of Heniy Loop and 58 others, citizens
of Great Barnngton, Massachusetts, lor the same object.
Also, the petnion ol sixteen members of the Hou-atomc
Division, Son« of Temperance, No. 20, at Uousatonic, Mas-
sachusetts, lor the same obiect.
ANo. the petition of William Selkirk and 21 others, citi-
zens of Ilour-atoiue, Massachusetts, for the same object.
A1«!0, the petition of Zalmou P. liiadleyand 33*others,
citizen* of Van Deu>enville, Massachusetts, for the same
object
- Al«o, the petition of Phmeas Chapin and 59 others, citi-
zen s> ol Great Barrmgton, Massachusetts, to secure the right
of jury tnal to peisons alleged to he fugitive slave-.
Also, the petition of Plmiea- Cluipm and 48 otheis, citi-
zen-! of Great Rahington, Ma«-aehii'-etts, fni the repeal of
all laws enacted oi adopted, hv Congress, for the support of
slavery in the District of Columbia.
Aho, the petition of Phmeas C'hnpin arid 65 others, citi-
zens of Great Bairirigton, Massachusetts,for freedom in the
territories.
Also, the petition of Phinens Chapm and 69 otheis, citi-
zens of Great Batrmgton, Massachusetts, agains-t ihe admis-
sion of slave Slates into the Union.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
[ Simon P. Ka.se, of Pf nnsvfvama. a-Kmg Congicss to pur-
j clia^e Iin patent snetion and foiee pump and fire engine, for
! the use of the navv, naval-siatnm-, and doek-jnrdx.
j By Mr. FULLER: The p< tihon of Andrew Pet< rs and
- 1*2 citizens of Jluricuck comuj, Maine, piayim; Congress
1 to make an appiopriatiou for the erection of'a light-house
' on Black Sadelfo. Back Island, in Jeincho Bay, so called in
[ said eouut.v, for the safely and securm of vessels sailing to
| and ftom the towns of Sedaewick, Bsooklyn, Blnehill,
I Surry, Ellsworth, Trenton, Hancock, Sullivan, Fiankhn,
j Ea«?hrook, Goldsborough, Eden, Mount Desert, Tiemonf,
J Seavillc,  nd the Ciaiiburv Isle?.
j By Mr. COLE: The mentoual of Wil-on Holt and otheis,
1 citizens of Wi-cot'cm, remonstrating against Congress pass-
! mg nny bill n-eoemzmg the right of 'J e\a> to a?iy territory
} lying ea.-t of the Rio Grande, and noi th of the Red river,
j Bv Mr. CHANDLER* The memona! of John McMullen
f and many other hii-mess men of Philadelphia, asking for a 1
' reduction m. and a uuifoim rati of, po-ta^c. |
j By Mr. CONRAD- 'Phe memorial of the widow and |
j heir* of Ful man Skip with, d< cea.-ed, prn\ nig for Ihe passage 1
of a taw to indemnity them for losses susiained bv French >
| spoliations.
I Also, the memorial of Mi«s II. H. A. Glaramy, sole
heir of Captain Fianeis Glaramy, deceased, for the same i
purpose. 1
By Mr. WENTWORTH: Several petitions of citizens ;
of La Salle county, for two cent postage.
AI>o, petmons of citizens of Cook and Will counties, 1
for the ?airib purpose.
By Mr. H RNRY ; The petition of XV. F. Mouly and 14fi I
other citizens of Pm*iWd, Rutland countv, Vermont, tiiat 1
persons claimed a* fugitive slaves maybe" entitled to trial
by jury.
Also, the net ill on of ihe so me h nd 12. > oilier citizens of the 1
same place, for the repeal of all law* authorizing slavery or ;
the slave trade in the District of Columiua, oj for the re- :
moval of the scat of Government tlx refrom.
Rv Mr. DUNHAM : The petition of J. L. P. McLean
and 14 other*; and
j The petition of Joseph Perry and 2.1 others, citizens of 1
! Indiana, and officers and soldiers of the U>[ war with Great
Britain, or of some of the Indian wars, nr;>ym<r a urant of 1
bounty land-. "=
ANo. ihe petition of Snmuc Campbell, a citizen of Jen- j!
nint"8 < oun >, Indiana, asking an invalid pension ; and 'i
7 he petition of Iliiam Prather and Lid others of h* came Ji
county, piaymg the same thing, )!t behalf of said Campbell.
By Mr. REED: The petition of James McFadden and i!
320 otilers, citizens and electors of Perniolvama, waving '!
that no State be hereafter admitted into the Union, unless ■{
the constitution of such State shall expressly prohibit fhe
existence of slavery vvitlnn its limit-5.
AIm), the jx'trlion of James McFadden ond 15$) otht r*f
citizens and electors o( p« rmsjhania, piaying that trial by
jury be allowed to a'iegtd fugitive slaves
ANo, tin' pntition of James Mi Faddt n and 120 other*,
citizens and electors of Pennsylvania, prayieg for the repeat
of all laws fey which slavery oi the slave-trade is authorized
or sanctioned in the City of Washington or the District
of Columbia, of m l&e event of their iwm-r< penlf that the
seat of the National Government may be removed to some
more suitable location.
By Mr. BRIGGS : The petition of Edward Cook and 65
otheis, inventors, interested in patent rights.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, March $0, 1850.
The VICE PRES1 DENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, transmitting copies of such accounts as
have been rendered by persons charged or intrust-
ed with the disbursement or application of moneys,
good3, or effects, for the benefit of the Indians,
from the first of October, 1848, to the 30th June,
I 1849; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
| the motion to print was referred to the Committee
, on Printing.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS,
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of the citizens
of Grand Rapids, Michigan, asking for the adop-
tion of measures for securing the free navigation of
the River St. Lawrence; which was refened to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, from the tiuetees and stockholders of the
Wesleyan Seminary, Albion, Michigan,asking to
be furnished with a copy of the laws, journals,
and documents of Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Also, a memorial of the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Slate of Michigan, asking
that in the district of country bordering on Lake
St. Clair, patents may be issued, m arcoidance
with the original location and certilicates of survey,
and that the act of Congress granting back com-
missions, as they are called, to persons then re-
siding on Detroit river, may be extended to all the
farmers at this time similarly situated; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WH1TCOMB presented & petition of Johr*
Frazer and William Lindlay, in behalf of the
heirs of John G. Clendenin, asking repayment,
with interest, of the purchase money of land sold
by the United States, the title to which is defect-
ive; which was refeired to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of the mem-
bers of the executive government of Bowdom
College, atBiunswick, Maine, and a petition of
members of the municipal government of Bangor,
m the Slate of Maine, in favor of a reduction of
postage; which were referred to the Committee or*
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Frankfort, in the
Stale of Maine, setting forth their objections to the
renewal of the patent of " Woodvvoith's patent
planing machine;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of Mari-
ba Fan-service, asking to be allowed the right uf
preemption to an island lying in Lake Nemarbin,
in Wisconsin; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CLARKE piesented a resolution of the
Legislature of Rhode Island, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Agriculture in the Depart-
ment of the Interior; which was referred to the
, Committee on Agriculture and ordered to
| printed.
i' SLAVERY AND THE SLAVE-TRADE.
1 Mr. DAYTON". Mr. President, 1 present a pe-
| tition of citizens and electors of the State of New
! Jersey, praying for the repeal of all Lwsand parts
of laws adopted or enacteJ l y Cough ss, by winch
slavery or the slave-trade is authonztd or sanc-
tioned in the Cjty of Wa.-dimgton or the Dwinci of
Columbia; and that, in ihe event of the non-repeal,
the seat of the National Government may be re-
moved to some more suitable location.
The petition was received and refened to the
Committee fur the DiMiIct of Columbia.
Mr. MASON rose at a subsequent part of the
day, and said: Mr. President, I have just found
that a pet iturn for the repeal of all laws on the sub-
ject of slavery in the District of Columbia, or that
be
