1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
the seat of government may be removed, has been
referred 10 the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. I was not attending to the matter at the time,
but my impression is, that there is a rule that
whenever a petition is presented, to which it is
known there is objection, the question of reception
is considered to he raised.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair is not
aware that there is any such rale. The question is
usually put on the question of reception, and then
some Senator moves to lay that question on the
table when objection is made.
Mr. MASON. If I had been aware of such a
motion to refer this petition to the Committee for
?he District of Columbia, i should have objected;
hut, not being aw.arc of it, I made no objection.
The question, I believe, was taken upon it in silence,
and the presumption therefore is, that all voted
in the affirmative. If I am correct in that view, I
rno\c a reconsideration of the vote by which this
petition was referred.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the petition be read.
The Secretary read the petition accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .question is
now on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
this petition was received and refeired to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to, on a division, by a
majority of 15 to 13.
The 'VICE PRESIDENT. There is no quo-
rum voting.
All the proceedings were theiefore suspended
until it was ascertained that a quorum was present.
That fact having been ascertained, the question
was again stated on the motion t<> reconsider.
Mr. MASON. I am not aware that petitions
of this kind have heretofore been referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, with a
view to make a report; and if it is the intention of
the Senate to give a new direction to them, it will
be done in this instance. If this is the design of
the Senate, I wish it to be clearly understood;
and as the Senate is now thin, my object will
perhaps be better attained by moving to lay the
whole subject on the table, to be taken up here-
after. I will now make that motion, if it will
have the effect to arrest this petition on its way to
the committee.
Mr. BERRIEN. Oh, certainly.
The question was then taken on the motion to
Say upon the table, and it wa^ agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to which was referred the me-
morial of certain citizens of Paducah, asking that
the town may be made a port of delivery, reported
  bill to constitute the towns of Madison and New
Albany, in the State of Indiana, and Paducah,
Kentucky, ports of delivery, and for other pur-
poses; which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Colonel John C. Hays, asking compensation for
services in raising and organizing a regiment of
Texas mounted volunteers, reported a bill for the
relief of Colonel John C. Hays; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the Committee on Printing, to which
was referred the motion to print the meteorological
report of Professor Espy, reported in favor of
printing the same
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to revive and
continue m force, for a limited time, the provisions
of an act relative to suspended districts of public
lands; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. WALKER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of Mariba Fairservice; which was read i
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the series of resolutions
submitted by Mr. Clay. |
Mr. HALE resumed, and concluded the speech j
which he commenced yesterday. [His speech wilt j
be found in the Appendix.] I
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not rise
for the purpose of entering into the debate on
this question  ;
Mr. CHASE. Will the honorable Senatorper-
mit me to move a postponement of the further con-
sideration of this subject? As this day has, by
common consent, been appropriated to the consider-
ation of the census bill, and as the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] as we all know, is
anxious to bring up the question of removals from
office to-morrow, and as the Senator from New
Jersey has the floor upon the resolutions submitted
by the Senator from Tennessee, I will move that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until Monday or Tuesday next. I am in-
different as to which it shall be—I will say
Tuesday.
Mr. DAYTON. I do not entirely agree with
the Senator from Ohio. Why not postpone this
matter until Friday? The understanding was-,
that the census bill should be taken up to-day, and
the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] has
the floor, I believe, upon some matter for to-
morrow. Indeed he has been entitled to the floor
upon that subject almost as long as I have upon
one branch of this discussion.
Mr. FOOTE. Let this subject be postponed
until Friday-
Mr, DAYTON. I have no objection to that.
Will the Senator from Ohm move its postpone-
ment until that day r
Mr. CHASE. I would much prefer that it
should go over until Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. UPHAM. I would like to be informed
how it happens that the Senator from Ohio has
the floor. Immediately after the Senator from
New Hampshire had taken his seat, the Senator
from Massachusetts obtained the floor, as I sup-
posed, to continue the discussion. The Senator
from Ohio asked him to give way for a moment,
which he did, and the Senator then moved to
postpone the subject until next week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts obtained the floor; the Senator from
Ohio rose to address the Chair, and the Senator
from Massachusetts yielded to him. The Chair of
course, did not know the object of either Senator.
Mr. CHASE. I will explain with gieat pleas-
ure, to the. Senator from Vermont, how this matter
stands. Yesterday, at the close of the observa-
tions of the Senator from North Carolina, I took
the floor, and moved the postponement of the fur-
ther consideration of this subjcct until Monday;
but, as it seemed to be the general sense of the
Senate that the Senator from New Hampshire
should be permitted to proceed with his remarks,
I yielded the floor for that purpose; and at the
close of his remarks I certainly supposed that,
by the courtesy of the Senate, I was entitled to it
again. I trust there will be no objection to the
proposition that I now make, that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until Tues-
day.
Mr. UPHAM. I did not understand that the
Senator from Ohio had the floor. Having it, I
have no wish to interfere with the disposition
which he proposes to make of the subject.
The question being taken upon the motion to
postpone until Tuesday next, it was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope the Senator from New
Jersey will not move to postpone the subject upon
which he has the floor, to a more remote day than
Friday next.
Mr. DAYTON. I am perfectly content with
that. I move that the resolution of the Senator
from Mississippi he taken up, with a view to its
postponement until Frday next, and made the
special order of the day for one o'clock on that
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Mississippi, to refer the resolutions
of the Senator from Tennessee to a committee, with
certain instructions, is next in order.
Mr. DAYTON. I move, then, that its further
consideration be postponed until Friday.
1'he motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the message of
the President relating to California, being next in
order, was postponed until Monday next.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the census bill, as in Committee of the Whole—
the pending question, as stated by the Chair, being
upon the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia, as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Before pro-
ceeding to consider the proposition of the Senator
from Georgia, I will propose one or two small
amendments to the original bill. It has been sug-
gested to me that a construction might be given to
the bill by which it would be supposed domestic
manufactures are to be included in the enumera-
tion, although not amounting to the sum named as
the limitation. I move therefore to insert in the
first section, after the word u establishment," the
words " exclusive of domestic manufactures in
families."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. It has been further suggested,
and 1 think with propriety, that inhabitants of the
United States, living in districts of the country
where there are no marshals, should be enumerated
by persons appointed especially for that purpose.
The present provision of the bill is, that the cen-
sus shall be taken under the direction of the mar-
shals of the judicial districts of the country. I
propose to add, at the end of the first section, the
following:
I'tovidedf further, If tlierc be any district or territory of
thr United S'uttv, in winch tin re is no ina sh;il of'the United
States, the President &)nll appoint tome suitable person to
discharge the duties assigned l>y ihis act to the luaistml.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr CLARKE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the ninth section of the bill, which provides for
the compensation of those who are to take the
census. The proviso to that section reads thus:
Piorulcd, hoierer, That no marshal bliall receive less
than two hundred and tilly dollars.
i wish to amend that portion of the bill by in-
serting after the word " dollars" the following:
And when tin; compensation docs lint, in the whole,
exceed the sum of five hundred dollar*, a reasonable allow-
ance shall be made, the amount ol winch shall be deter-
mined by the Secretary of the interior.
I would merely remark, sir, tiiat it appears to
me—it must bo conceded by Senators—that some
such provision as this Ihould be inserted. The
bill provides that the compensation to marshals
shall be $125 for every thousand persons, and
that—in States where the population amounts to
four or five hundred thousand peisons—will be a
fair compensation, but in the smaller Slates, this
compensation would he a very light one. For in-
stance, in the Slate in which 1 live, the population
does not exceed one hundred and thirty thousand,
so that the compensation would fall short of $200;
but by the proviso of the bill, to which I propose
to make this amendment, it is declared that, in
every case, compensation for the marshal shall not
fall below $250 Now, I submit to the considera-
tion of gentlemen, that in the small States, as well
as the large, there is an equally onerous duty im-
posed upon the marshals. The marshals for the
smaller States have to receive and make up their
returns, under the same number of heads, as the
marshals in the laiger States—the only difference
being, that in the larger States, the returns under
the different heads are more numerous, and there
is greater labor in adding up the returns. I have a
letter from the marshal of the State of Rhode Island,
stating that the necessary clerk lure will swallow-
up the whole compensation allowed by this bill,
and that, if this labor be imposed oil the marshals,
without compensation for cleik lure, it will be
exacting from them a duty which they ought not
to be expected to perfoim. The marshals have to
make three copies of the complete return, one for
the court of records m their own States, one for
the office of the Secretary of State, and one for the
Department of the Interior; and if they could be
reimbursed for their clerk hire, they would be able
to get along as well in the smaller as m the larger
States. Under these circumstances, I have offeied
this amendment, providing compensation for clerk
hire, and 1 trust the Senate will concur in its
adoption.
The amendment was adopted
Mr. DICKINSON. I propose to amend the
bill in the fifth line of the first section, by inserting
after the word "acquired" the words, "under the
supervision of the census board, created by the act
of the 5th March, 1849," and to strike out the
words, "Secretary of the Interior," wherever they
occur, and insert "said board." The object of the
proposed amendment is to put the taking of this
census under the direction of the census board, or
