1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 26,
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence ofany law or regulation therein, bo discharged fiom
euch service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
In both cases the fugitive is to be " delivered
up,'* summarily, upon proper evidence; and in
neither case, nor in one more than the other, is he
to be put upon trial in the State to which he has
fled, nor can Congress do more than to provide
that he shall be "delivered up." The theory of
the compact is, that the fugitive will be justly
dealt with in the jurisdiction to which he is re-
turned. It was assented to in this confiding spirit,
and I have yet to learn that the practice is other-
wise. And if we may distrust their sense of jus-
tice on the one 'hand, and therefore violate the
Constitution, they may with far greater propriety
distrust ours on the other; and thus, having the
sanction of that instrument, for a just and neces-
sary provision of the fundamental law a system
of conflict and violence will be substituted.
The grievance upon the subject of fugitive
slaves will be redressed whenever the masses of
the people in the free States are aroused to the
abuses which have been practiced in their name,
under the garb of benevolence and superior sanc-
tity; and, to the end that it may be seen how the
question has been viewed by courts and judges of
the highest character in the free States, and what
are our constitutional obligations, I shall append
to these remarks brief extracts from the opinions
of Chancellor Walworth and Justices Nelson,
McLean, and Story, upon the subject.
In the pupreme court of New York, in the
matter of Jack, a colored man, charged as a fugi-
tive, Mr. Justice Nelson, then a justice of that
court, in speaking of the clause of the Constitu-
tion requiring the restoration of fugitives, said:
<c It is peremptory and unqualified that he < shall he deliv-
ered up u;)on the claim of the party to whom such service
or labor may be due.'
"The right of the owner to reclaim the fugitive in the
State to winch he has fled has been yiHded to him by the
State--. VVnhout (his- provision, it would have been compe-
tent for th< m to have wholly denied such claim, or to have
qualified it at discretion.
'•AH tin®, power th^v have parted with, and the owner
now ha<* uot onlv an unqualified right to the possession, but
iie ha* the guaranty of the Constitution in respect to it."
In the same matter, in the court for the correc-
tion of errors, Chancellor Walworth says:
" Independent, however, of anv legislation on the sub-
ject, either by (he individual States or by Congress, if the
per <m who*e serv ce< are claimed i* in fact a fugitive from
servitude under the. laws of another State, the constitutional
provision k imperative that he shall he delv-ercd up to /us
master upon claim mad"; and any State officer or private
citizen, who owes allegiance to the United States, and has
taken the iHiial oath ro support the Constitution thereof,
cannot, without incurring the moral guilt of perjurv, do any
act to deprive the master of his right to reeapture, when
there is no real doubt that the person whose services are I
claimed is in fact the slave of the claimant." • 1
In the Supreme Court of the United States, in
the case of Prigg us. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Justice Story says:
" The clan«e was of the la«t importance to th£ safety and
security of the Southern States; and could not have been
surrendered by them without endangering their whole
property in .slave*. The clause was accordingly adopted
into the Constitution by the unanimous consent of th* fra-
mer  of it—a proot at once of its intrinsic and practical ne-
cessity.
"How, then, are we to interpret the language of the
clause? The true answer is, in such a manner ai consist-
ently with I he words shall fully and completely effectuate the
whole objects of it. If, by one mode of interpretation, the
right must become shadowy and unsubstantial, arid wnhout
aay remedial power adequate to the end, and hv another
mode it will attain its jun end and secure its manifest put-
pose, it would seem upon principle? of reasoning absolutely
irresistible that the latter ought to prevail. No court of
justice can be authorized so to construe any clause of the
Constitution as to defeat its obvious ends, when another
construction, equally accordant with the words and sense
thereof, will enforce and protect them.
"The clause manifestly contemplates the existence of a
positive, unqualified right on the pirt of the'owner of the
(■•lave, which no State law can in any tray qualify^ rczuhde,
control, orreUrain. The slave is not to he discharged from
service or labor m consequent e of any State or law regula-
tion. Now, certainly, without indulging in any nicety of
criticism upon words, it mav fairly and reasonably be ?aid
that anv State law or State regnlalion which interrupt', lim-
its, delays, or postpones the right of the owner to the imme-
diate possession of the slave, and the immediate command
of his service and labor, operates,pro tanto, a discharge of
thetdave therefrom."
In the same case Mr. Justice McLean says:
" Without «dvertmg to other conflicting views and inter-
ests of the States represented in the Genera] Convention,
the subject o( slaverv was then, as it is now, a most delicate
and absorbing consideration. In some of the States it was
considered an evd, and a stmng opposition to it, m all its
forms-, was felt and expressed. In other? it was viewed as
a cherished right, incorporated into the social compact, and
«acredly guarded by law.
" Opinions sp conflicting, and which so deeply pervaded
the elements of society, could be brought to a reconciled
action only bv an exercise of exalted patriotism.
" Fortunately for the country, this patriotism was not
wanting in the Convention and in the States, The danger
of discord and ruin was seen, and felt, and acknowledged ;
and this led to the formation of the Confederacy. The Con-
stitution, as it is, cannot be said to have embodied in all its
parts the peculiar viewd of any great section of the Union ;
but was adopted bv a wise and far-reaching conviction that
it was the best which, under the circumstance*!, could be
devised; and that its imperfections would be lost sight of, if
not forgotten, in the national prosperity and glory which it
would secure. *******
"The language of the provision is general. It covers the
whole ground, not in detail, but in principle. The States
are inhibited'from passing c any law or regulation which
shall discharge a fugitive slave from the service of his mas-
ter;' and a positive duty is enjoined on them to deliver him
up, con claim of the party to whom his service may be due.5"
The bill was then passed, and its title was amend-
ed on the motion of Mr. MASON, so that it now
stands as follows:
" An act to amend, and supplementary to the act, entitled
1 An act respecting fugitives from justice, and persons es-
caping from the service of their masters,'appioved Febru-
ary 12, 1793."
BILL TO RELIEVE "WALTER COLTON.
Mr. BRADBURY moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 127,
being the bill to make compensation to Walter
Colton.
Mr. FOOTE desired to know if the bill would
be likfly to consume time If so, he must vote
against taking it up, as the hour was approaching
for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. SHIELDS. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of this matter.
Mr. BRADBURY thought the bill could lead
to no debate or consumption of time.
The bill was then read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BRADBURY. The report in this case,
which is from the Committee on the Judiciary,
gives an explanation of the claim. I will now
merely state, that the claimant, Mr. Colton, upon
the capture of Monterey in 1847, was stationed on
shore by the commander-irt-chief of the American
force as chief civil magistrate, or alcalde for the
middle department of California. He was subse-
quently appointed by the commander-in-chief of
the military and naval forces, and directed to act
as admiralty judge of a prize court, rendered ne-
cessary in consequence of the captures of our
squadron in the Pacific. In these capacities Mr.
Colton continued to serve at Monterey between
two and three years. His services were important,
and rendered necessary by the peculiar situation
of the country* and he exhibited throughout great
fidelity and disinterestedness, such as are not al-
ways found. I will state one instance which may
be rendered necessary to explain the phraseology
of the bil.
While acting as judge of the Admiralty court
a prize ship—the Admittance—was condemned and
ordered to be sold. He interested himself in be-
half of the claimant in the United States to pre-
vent a sacrifice of the property. He perceived that
the ship and cargo were about to be sacrificed; that
the only bona fide bid that he could accept was but
$32,000. There was a nominal bid, upon condi-
tions that were inadmissable, for $44,000, and
another for $60,000, upon conditions equally im-
possible to be accepted. To prevent this sacrifice,
he procured an agent to go forward and bid off the
ship and cargo. The agent bid $61,000; the ship
and cargo were struck off to him at that price, and
he assumed thereby the liability to pay that
amount. By a careful and fortunate disposition
of the property, Mr. Colton was able to realize 1
and cause to be paid into the Treasury of the j
United States the sum of $67,497 90, after satis- :
fving certain preexisting liens on the property, j
He thus deposited in the public treasury, over and j
above the amount that would have been realized j
under the bid of $61,000, the sum that is proposed |
to be paid to him by the bill reported for his re- j
lief. He did this, instead of retaining the sum, j
as he might have done, in his own hands, under i
the expectation that the Treasury Department :
would be able, on his arrival in Washington, to j
make such a settlement as would be proper, and I
allow him a fair compensation for his great ex-
penses, incurred in exercising the peculiar trusts
that were placed upon him at Monterey. He de-
sired nothing more.
But the Secretary of the Treasury was unable
to do this after the money had gone into the Treas-
ury, and thus the petitioner is thrown upon Con-
gress for relief. In the case to which I have re-
ferred, we see that this meritorious and faithful
public servant saved to the Government the differ-
ence between the offer of $32,000 and the amount
of the sale at $67,497 90*, and refusing .to retain
anything in his own pocket, even the surplus be-
yond his own bid, which he might have done, he
preferred to come with clean hands, and let the
Government make a justallowance for his expend-
itures at Monterey. As he says the difference
saved to the Treasury between the bid and the de-
posit would do this, the committee reported that -
amount. It must be recollected that, while acting
at Monterey as alcalde, his expenses were neces-
sarily very great; that he was ordered by superior
authority to incur them; that these services were
necessary and beneficial; and that eo faithful and
scrupulous a public servant ought not to have
thrown upon him the expensesincurred for the
Government, under the peculiar circumstances of
the case.
The Committee on the Judiciary were unani-
mously of opinion that the bill ought to pass.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I trust my friend *
from Maine will not press this matter at the pres-
ent time. I believe that very few Senators un-
derstand it thoroughly. I confess I am unfavora-
bly disposed towards this claim, upon hearing the
reading of the bill and the explanation. There
seems to be something like speculation in this
matter. I think it is a matter we should look into
before we act upon it. I therefore move to lay the
bill on the table for the present. Hereafter, when
we have had information on the subject, I shall
interpose no great difficulties to.acting upon it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment, for an expla-
nation.
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly, for a short explana-
tion.
Mr BRADBURY. This individual is liableto
be ordered from home at any time. He has in-
curred very great expense in serving the Govern-
ment. His case should be acted on immediately.
The committee were unanimously of opinion, after
very careful examination, that the claim ought to
be allowed. I hope the Senator from Mississippi
will waive his motion, so as to allow a vote to be
taken. -
Mr. FOOTE. I have no objection to allowing
the vote to be taken now.
Mr. BUTLER.. Mr. President, I think that if
gentlemen understood this matter properly there
would be no difficulty in relation to it. The com-
mittee were unanimously of the opinion that the
claim ought to be allowed. This gentleman, Mr.
Colton, was a chaplain in the navy, and while in
the navy had devolved upon him the duties of
alcalde of Monterey arid admiralty judge. As such
be took charge of this particular ship. In offeimg
the ship for sale he could get, in reality, but one
bid of about $30,000. Finding that the ship was
likely to be sacrificed, he said that would not do.
Some Frenchman offered him, I believe, $44,000,
and perhaps as high as $50,000 or $60,000, but on
conditions which were inadmissible. Acting as a
trustee of the Government, he said, " That will
never do; I must save the Government." And
thereupon he instructed some person to bid $61,000.
But really, afterwards, he sold the ship and cargo
for more than $67,000. Being-a trustee for the
Government, and being a very honest man, he
thought it his duty to pay the money into the
Treasury. He might, perhaps, as a matter of
law, upon fair adjustment, have retained the
$7,000. It was his money, and he could have
kept it. But he paid it into the Treasury, be-
cause, as at? honest trustee, he thought it his duty
to do so. But he says that his expense as alcalde,
and admiralty judge, and chaplain, amounted to
more than $7,000. I have looked at some of his
decisions. I confess I considered some of them
extraordinary; but he acted in his judicial capacity
well. He discharged satisfactorily all the duties
imposed on him.
His expenses were enormous at that time. They
amounted to at least $7,000. This $7,000 which
he realized, and might have put into his own
pocket, will ma*ke him even,and no more. He is
willing to receive this $7,000 for discharging his
multifarious duties.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I suppose this
gentleman, feeing an officer of the Government,
