1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
received his regular pay as such. Now, I under-
stand, it is proposed to reward him for his honesty.
Mr. BUTLER, (in his seat.) Not at all.
Mr. FOOTE. If he was really a trustee for the
Government, as the honorable Senator from South'
Carolina represents, it would have been fraud m
him not to have paid over this money; for 1 do not
understand that trustees are ever allowed to specu-
late at the expense of their employers. As at
present advised, I shall therefore be compelled to
vote against this bill. I should like to have an
opportunity to look into the matter, however. 1
therefore renew my motion to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion to lay on the table was rejected, on
a division—ayes 16, noes 17.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will ask the
Senator who reported this bill to state whether,
during the time Mr. Colton was acting as a civil
magistrate in California, he was receiving the pay
of a chaplain in the navy?
Mr. BRADBURY. He was receiving the pay
of chaplain in the navy—about $1,200 per year.
, He was detached from the ship, where he would
have had his board, and had to go upon shore for
twx) years as judge, and there his expenses were
three or four times as much as the amount he was
receiving. Day laborers there received some five
or six dollars a day at that time. At the end of
the first year he solicited to be relieved, but the
officers in command of the military and naval
foices insisted on his continuance in his office
there. He thus incurred this expense. We do not
propose to do more than reimburse the expenses
that he thus incurred. If he had been performing
hisduties as chaplain on shipboard, he would have
had none of this expense. Instead of that, he was
detached upon other and peculiar duties, arising
out of the peculiar circumstances and condition of
the country.
Mr. DAVIS. It now appears that this gentle-
man, who was a chaplain of the navy, receiving
pay as such, was relieved from the duties appro-
priate to his station, went on shore, and performed
the duties of a civil magistrate, and 1 take it for
granted received fees as such.
Mr. BRADBURY. No.
Mr. DAVIS. This, then, is a most extraordi-
nary case. As piesented, it appears that this
chaplain left hie vessel, therefore his offical posi-
tion, surrendering the allowance of it, and per-
formed the duties of a civil magistrate in California
■without fee or reward. It affords an instance of
the highest patriotism, and furnishes a refreshing
exemplication of that good conduct in the case of
an agent which illustrates the blessings of self-gov-
ernment, and which well becomes the character of
a minister of the gospel. It is a strange case.
Arid stranger still is the character of the bill
founded upon it, proposing to pay to this gentle-
man an amount of money which it is said he saved
by purchasing a vessel at his own risk for the
benefit of the country. Not because he saved that
amount of money to the Treasury of the United
States, but because he performed the duty of a
civil magistrate and judge in California. It is an
indirect way of making compensation for the per-
formance of services as a civil magistrate. If he
had a right to act as a United States judge, and
has received no compensation for those services,
let a bill be brought in for that purpose, but 1 ob-
ject to this indirect mode of paying for them. If
otheiwise he is entitled to credit for money saved
to the United States Treasury, let the claim be so
presented, and being thus established it shall re-
ceive no opposition from roe-
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman to my
left [Mr. Foote] asked permission to postpone
this bill in order to give him an opportunity to
look into it—a very reasonable request, it seems
to me, and, therefore, with a view of accomplish-
ing that purpose, and giving other gentlemen
liberty, if they choose, to examine it, I will call
for the special order of the day.
The PRESIDENT. The gentleman must make
some proposition with regard to this bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to postpone it.
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed till to-morrow. #
THE PURCHASE OF BOOKS.
The following engrossed resolution was then
taken up and read a third time:
" Resolved, That Mr. Palmer have leave to withdraw,
take out a copy right for, and print on his own account, the
documents entitled ' A comprehensive view of the princi-
pal independent maritime countries of the East,' illustrated
by a chart, which accompanied the report of the Secretary
of State to the Senate under date of the 23d of April la-*t,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations; and
that the Secretary of the Senate be and he is hereby author-
ized to subscribe tor five thousand copies of the work, to-
gether with the chuii,, under the above title, for the use of
the Senate; provided the same shall be delivered by Mr.
Palmer at a price not exceeding two dollais per copy of not
less tfjan five hundred pages octavo, printed on fine paper,
and neatly bound in muslin."
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. BENTON" said: As I was not present
when this resolution was called up the other morn-
ing, I proceed now to state my objections to its
passage. I do not mean to strike at this resolution
only, but to endeavor to embrace the whole ques-
tion of supplying members of Congress with
books. I think this is a proper occasion on which
to try the whole question of this abuse, which
commenced seventeen years ago, and which has
been increasing to an enormous extent from that
time up to the present, in the resolution before
us, I believe, is comprised all the enormities and
abuses of the system; both in the thing itself, the
purchase of the books, and the manner of doing
it. It is therefore my wish to try the whole sys-
tem upon it, and it is my intention to endeavor to
get the Spnate to consider that they aie voting
upon the whole system when they shall come to
vote upon this question. I tkink this is a period
when we may consider the whole system, with all
the abuses which have grown up, and may grow
up under it; and I apprehend that after seventeen
years' experience, and after having seen every
evil that was foretold by those who opposed it m
the beginning; having seen every one of those
evils come to pass, and an immense number of
others still more outrageous, which no man foresaw
at that time: after having seen all this, if we now
pass a resolution winch is in itself an epitome of
all the abuses which have grown up under the sys-
tem, we shall sanction the whole, and have noth-
ing to do but to pass these resolutions for books to
members, as they are presented. I shall move, at
the conclusion of my remarks, for the indefinite
postponement of this resolution. If that fails, I
shall then offer, by way of giving point to this last
effort to resist the abuse, several definite motions
to recommit with instructions upon certain points,
for the purpose of making opposition in the most
specific manner possible to .the several abuses
which grow out of this whole business.
This abuse began in the year 1832-'3. My at-
tention was first called to it by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] who 1 am sorry
to see is not here, for, although he supported this
resolution originally, yet 1 think, when it ts
brought forward in the shape of trying the question
of the whole abuse on this subject, that he will go
back to the point at which we started together,
and from which I was his follower. I was a
member of Congress in 1830, and so were you,
sir, (addressing the Chair.) An act was then
passed for the printing of a documentary history
of the American Revolution. I was an attending
member at that time, but I knew nothing of the pas-
sage of that act, and stated it in my place, and you
yourself stated the same thing, I think. (Mr.
King nodded assent.) But I am very certain that
a Senator, now no longer among us, but who was
always attentive to the business of the Senate,
great or small, had no knowledge of it—I mean
Mr. Calhoun. He, you, and I had ail stated that
in our places. The first knowledge that I had of
such an act being passed at all, was a year after it
was done. I was walking one day—a hot one—in
the shady Capitol grounds with the Senator from
North Carolina alluded to, when he told me of the
passage of that act, and of the enormities which
"might result from it. That was the first I knew
of it. We then looked into it, and found that the
terms of the act were so loose and comprehensive,
that it was computed that the work to be done un-
der it would cost a million and a half of dollais.
It then began to attract notice, and was the sub-
ject, as you recollect, of repeated struggles on this
'floor, and on the floor of the House of Represent-
atives. Finally, those who were opposed to it suc-
ceeded, by limiting the number of volumes, in re-
ducing the expenditure from a million and a half
of dollars to about half a million; and that was
considered a great point gained—a million saved.
Amongst other things to be published in this doc-
umentary history of the American Revolution, be-
sides everything that could be collected in the
States, and from individuals, were Hansard's De-
bates in the British Parliament, for a period of*
about twenty years—from the time of the stamp
act, in 1764, to the conclusion of the debates on
the treaty of peace, in 1784—during all which time
the subject of the American Revolution was the
prominent topic of discussion. Those debates, as
far as America was the subject, were to be re-
printed as a part of our documentary history.
That was one of the enormities. 1 was at the time in
favor of stopping the work, and, if there were any
damages fairly accruing to those who had under-
taken it, paying such damages, and being done
with the business, it was defended on the ground
of contract, and of vested rights.
Now, Mr. President, paying a little attention to
the debates in the House of Representatives, a
day or two ago, I found this passage:
distribution of books.
" Mr. brown, of Mississippi, moved to strike out the fol-
owitur clause, viz:
"'To enable the Clerk of the House of Representaiiv^s
to pay for one hundred and two copies of the eighth volume
of the American Archives, to bp delivered to members of the
Twenty-sixth Cnngie^s, at fixieen dollars and eighty-three
cents per volume, one thousand seven bundled and sixteen
dollars and siAty-six cents.'
" He wished to know why this Consre?? were called upon
to pay tor books for members of thu Tweniy-MVih Con-
gress. U has been nearly ten years since that Congress
expired. Some of the members have died, and other#, have
changed their places- ot residence, and tbe Cl%k would not
he able to find them. Make the appropriation, and the ie~
!| suit will be, the greater number ot books will be left in the
!; folding-room, and the Doorkeeper, or somebody else, will
! j sell them.
;i "Mr. b.vyly said, that if the appropriation should he
stricken out, it would irr.uify no one mote than himself.
< j But, as he under-tood the matter, these books weie ordered
; I by a law of the land, and by a Jaw providing tor their publi-
ij cation.
' " Mr. Jones understood that the contract was made with
|! Messrs. Clarke and Foice tor the publication. Jf it could
j! be repealed be should be glad; but, as be Jenmtked, the
contract wa3 now in eAistence, and the hooks were pub-
lished under it.
uMr. Brown said that his objection was not so much to
the printing and paving tor the books as to the difficulty of
delivering them. More than fifty members of the Twemy-
sixth Congress are in their yiaves, and others have changed
their residences. The question was, to whom shall ihe
book-* be delivered.
"Messrs. Schenck and Sweetser made a few remarks,
when the motion of Mr. Brown to strike out the clause was
di aareed to.
"Mr Hunter was understood to suggest an amendment,
and to say that the proposition to vote away bouk< to dead
! men, and to those who had moved away, was ndiculous*
j He, therefore, hoped that, if the books are to be paid for,
they would be given to persons now in existence."
This is an impressive illustration of the abuse
of this book-buying system—an illustration going
far beybnd all imagination at the time it was de-
tected. It is fact beating fancy—furnishing books
backwards, retrospectively, retroactively, to the
dead, and to the raoved-away, and to the left-out
of Congress. It .is like pensioning members—
pensioning with books, transmuted into money-
pensioning the Twenty-sixth Congress.
It has been now some ten years, as the debate,
in the House of Representatives well says, since
that Congress expired. Some of the members
are dead, and others have changed their places of
residence, and many left out by their constituents,
and the Clerk could not be able to find them; and
therefore the argument upon which this abuse
turns, to wit, that these books are purchased to
enable members better to discharge their duties
here, can hardly apply. 1 suppose it cannot ap-
ply to those who have ceased to be members of
Congress, or who have ceased to be inhabitants of
this world, though I believe the argument would
be about as strong m favor of the dead as m favor
of most of us of the living. Certain it is that
1 never have read one page of any of thia Docu-
mentary History, for which we pay $500,000; it
might as well have been voted to a dead man as
to me. Many members sell them; that is noto-
rious in this city—an8 some sell cheap—dog cheap
—less than cost. It was stated on this floor by a
gentleman who assisted us from the beginning in
making head against this new system of book
trade—a Senator from Georgia, Mr. King—that
he had been informed that the chance fur these
books had been sold in many instances to dealers
in old books in this city. And he named an in-
stance—not the name of the person doing it—an
instance communicated to him under such cir-
cumstances as authorized and justified him to
