1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
right of the matter. With all deference to my j
friends on the other side, I have yet to learn that, ]
in a complicated matter, such as taking the census, !
all of the board are to participate in every minute
portion of the proceedings; but in preparing for
it, in giving directions and in taking preliminary
measures, I suppose the experience of three men
would be better than the wisdom of one. If it
were not so—if nothing could be efficiently done
except by one man—you might as well concentrate
the whole Government in the hands of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Sir, I repeat, it will be but for a few months
that this matter will be before the board of census.
These officers can meet once or twice a week if
necessary, and spend an hour's time; and if their
suggestions are worth nothing to each other, 1 can
only say, that they are entirely unfit for their
places. Bringing their views into comparison,
advising with each other, and arranging the man-
ner m which the business shall be conducted, must
be of essential advantage. They already have a
secretary employed; and that secretary is probably
provided with a room—or bureau if you please—
where the business can be transacted; and I ven-
ture to say that it will cost the Government as
little, and be as efficiently done, as if it were com-
mitted exclusively into the hands of the Secretary
of the Interior. I have no interested view—I am
not a party to the feeling that has grown up be-
tween the committee of the Senate and the census
board; but I wish to arrest now and foiever the
bestowal of this great and overgrown patronage
and power on the Department of the Interior. I
predicted evil from it when the bill was hurried
through the Senate, and passed mtoalaw, without
discussion or an opportunity for examination;
and my worst fears have been realized. I will
give no vote to bestow an unnecessary patronage
on that department; and whenever a proposition
shali be submitted for abolishing it, I shall give it
my support.
The question was then taken on the proposed
amendment; and it was, upon a division, nega-
tived— ayes 15, noes 19.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move now to strike out
the words 45 the Interior," wherever they occur,
and insert the word " State," so as to give the
control of the matter to the Secretary of State.
The question being taken, the motion was not
agreed to—ayes 14, noes 17.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will move further to
amend by striking out the words "Secretary of
the Interior," and inserting " Attorney General "
The question being taken, the motion was not
agreed to—there being, upon a division, ayes 17,
noes 19.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further amendments to the original bill, the ques-
tion will be on the substitute offered by the Sena-
tor from Georgia.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the substitute be
taken up by sections.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been requested,
and approve of the suggestion, to move an amend-
ment to the tables reported by the committee.
Some gentlemen think we might dispense with the
enumeration of some of these small articles.
Mr. BUTLER. We have not come to the
tables yet.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is with the view of
perfecting the bill before we take up the substitute
that has been offered by the Senator from Georgia.
I will state, that it has been suggested to me as
important for agricultural purposes, and to show
the advancement of agriculture, to have the amount
of manured land, during the last year,stated in the
tables ; and it is proposed that some little column
be devoted to this subject. I therefore move to
strike out the column of beeswax and honey, and
insert a column for the subject I have named.
The columns now stand thus: *4 Acres of Land:"
" Improved:" " Unimproved." I propose to add
"Manured," and to strike out the column for
" Honey and Beeswax.''
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to strike out
"honey and beeswax," but I do object to the
column for " manured" lands, as being calculated
to mislead the public mind as to the nature of the
land in different parts of the Union. In my own
State, we have rich land which is not manured,
and does not require it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is the case m my
own State, but I make the amendment for the
benefit of others.
Mr. MANGUM. Itseems to ma that the word
" manured," proposed to be inserted by this
amendment, is exceedingly indefinite, and that no
good can possibly arise from it. How much ma-
nured ? I know something about agriculture, as I
have been engaged in it; and I know that it would
be impossible to procure any information by this
means that would be useful to any one. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We do not manure the
land in my quarter of the country, and I have not
any definite information on the subject. The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] suggested
that an amendment of this sort would be very
advantageous to show the progress of agriculture,
and asked me whether there could be any place
made for it. I informed him that, by giving up
altogether some little article, we could make room
for the amendment he suggested in that column,
and at his instance I moved the amendment. I
trust that the gentleman from Virginia, if he thinks
it important, wiil show the reasons why he desires
it, and sustain it. I have no particular desire for
its adoption.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe this amendment is
desirable and useful. It may be a matter of very
little importance to obtain any tables of agricul-
tural statistics; but if we aie to endeavor to pro-
cure information of the progress of agricultuie in
th s country, surely nothing is more important
than to ascertain the quantity of land which is im-
proved. By this means we shall be able to com>
pare the progress of this sort of agncultutal im-
provement; and it is one in winch the old States
• are very much interested. I believe theie is no
column in the agricultuial table in which the agri-
cultural community geuerully would take moie
interest than the one proposed in the amendment.
1, too, am a farmer—not &o good a fanner, perhaps,
as my fuend from Nonh Carolina; but I know
that manure is entitled to come in under this spe-
cific head, which is probably as definite as any
other. There would be aieat difficulty in ascer-
taining accurately the precise quantity, but we can
nevertheless ascertain facts of gieat interest to those
engaged in the pursuit of agriculture. 1 have no
particular interest in this amendment. We have
no more manure in Virginia than they have in
North Carolina, but I had hoped to have the as-
sistance of the Senator from that State. I was
not surprised when the Senator from Texas [Mr.
Rusk] and the Senator fiom Kentucky [Mr. Un-
derwood] disclaimed the necessity of the amend-
ment; but f had hoped that the old North State
would have stood by Virginia in an inquiry so
important.
Mr. MANGUM. My honorable friend, I be-
lieve, lives in the lower part of Virginia. 1 know
something of the nature of that country as well as
of the lower part of Noith Carolina. The lond
there is highly manured, and in a high state of cul-
tivation, producing the great staple Indian corn in
great perfection; but it would he impossible to dis-
criminate between the land which is highly culti-
vated and that in a poor state. The agricultural
societies can get this information with infinitely
more accuracy than the deputy marshals, who
probably never owned or cultivated an acre of land,
and perhaps do not know a pea from a bean. It
would be attended wi h no piactical result, and
would be utterly useless.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have carefully examined
both the bill and the amendment offered by the
Senator from Georgia, and my disposition is in
favor of the amendment. There is, however, one
section of the bill to which I ask the attention of
the committee, in order that they may give me
such information as will enable me to vote intelli-
gently. It is that section of the bill which pro-
vides for compensation to the deputy marshals. I
wiil read it:
Sec. 1-3. Jlnd be it further emitted, That each assistant
shall be allowed a-5 compan«anon tor Ins sei vices, alter the
rate ot two cent* tor each person eniiineiaied, and ten cents
a mile for necessary navel, to be ascertained by multiply-
ing the square root of the number oi" dwelling-houses in Uie
division, by the square root ot the minibei oi square miles m
suth division, and the product tdiall be taken as the number
of miles traveled for ali purposes m taking tins census.
1 confess 1 am not quite mathematician enough
to understand the reason for assigning the com-
pensation, which the deputy marshals shall receive
for their travels, thus mathematically. In looking
at it, this is the objection which occuts to my
mind: Take a township of land with thirty-six
square mile?, or six miles square, with a population
of two thousand souls on it, and four hundred
dwellings—being, I suppose, very nearly the aver-
age extent of the townships in the eastern section
of the Union—and you will find a given result.
You will find the compensation for travel will
amount to from twelve to sixteen dollars. Take,
then, a city with not half that number of square
miles, but with ten times the number of inhabitants
and dwellings, the amount of tiavel will be more
than fourfold greater than it is over the township
of thirty-six square miles—so tVu>t the compensa-
tion will be larger for the smaller dint net, whereas
the amount of travel will be greater in the laiger.
I may be wrong, but I desire to know why the
rule was adopted. I confess that the s-ection in
the amendment seems to graduate the paymoie
according to my notions of propriety, and to make
it more even.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That provision of the
bill was introduced at my suggestion, as an amend-
ment upon former census bills, and I beg leave to
explain it as briefly as I can to the hSenaie. I
think it can be demonstrated to the people, and I
wish to show to the gentleman from Maine the
reasons, in the first place, why some change was
necessary; and with a view to do that, I have
taken the compensation provided, accotding to the
bill offered by my friend fiom Georgia, to show
how unjust and unequal that provision is. And if
1 can show the enormous inequality and injustice
of it, and demonsttale it mathematically, you will
then see the piopiiety of adopting some jule on
the subject; and if I can then show you that the
i uie which has been adopud operates with perfect
fairness and justice, 1 hope the Senate will retain
it.
Now, sir,as to the rule which the bill offered as
a substitute proposes. j£eio is the old mode of
compensating the maisluils for taking the census:
" ITnr oveiy one bundled inhabitant.- enumerated and de-
senbed, iln-y -hall rcct ivp, in all jneorjmrah d villages,
town-, and c containing more than ten ihoui-and in-
habitant1-, one dollar and hfty cents ; in all subdivisions not
includ'-d m >u< h ullage, io\vrw,or eitief, containum, on an
average, mor * than -event}-five inhabitant-: to the r-quare
mile, two dollai- for earh hundred ; in subdivisionscontain-
ing les- than -eveuty-livp ami more than fitly inhabitants to
the squuxi mile, f>\o dnllnr* and fifiy cent.- t'oi each hun-
j dred; in subdivisions containing ies^ than filty and more
j than twenty-five inhabitant- to the square mile, three dol-
j lat.-for each htiudnd; in subdivision.-' containinu less than
twentv-five and moie than ten inhabitants to the square
mile, four dollar* for each hundred; in subdivisions con-
taining less than ten and more than five iritiahii;irit< to the
-quate m le, five dollars for each hundred; and m subdivis-
ion- containing less than five inhabitants to the square mile,
such compensation as the Secretary ol the Jmenor &hall
allow."
Now, the Senate will pcrceive that any mode of
compensation embraces two distinct things—the
amount of travel which is to be performed by the
census-taker, and the amount of tunc consumed in
taking the actual enumeration, when he has the
peisons before him; and you find, according to the
old plan, thai they have endeavored to regulate
this thins by the idea of square nuit-s and density
of population, and in doing that, according to the
amendment proposed by the Senator fiom Geor-
gia, and according to all the old census bills, you
find, that when the population to the square mile is
so much—seventy-five, for instance—the compen-
sation shall be. so much. When the population to
the square mile is much less, the compensation is
much more; and so on, as you dimmish the popu-
lation to the square mile, you inciease the rate of
compensation. Well now, yir, I have taken up that
idea and earned it out, to show its enormous in-
equality and injustice. I have illustrated it by as-
suming two counties. I take my first county to be
thirty miles square; that will give you nine hundred
square miles. I have taken my second county as
twenty miles square; that gives four hundred
square miles. And in looking over the different
counties m the United States, I find that they fluc-
tuate in different States of the Union, fiom twenty
to thirty miles squaie, sometimes more and some-
times less; but moat of the counties in the old
States vary from twenty to thirty miW sqnate.
Well, sir, take a county of thirty miles square,
which will give, nine hundred squaie miles, and
take seventy-six inhabitants to the square mile;
