1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 26,
name it on the floor of the Senate, where one
member had sold his chance for ten dollars. It
was named on this floor, and has been repeated
many times since. That was part of the abuse.
And it seems that these abuses belong to that class
of diseases incident to the horse's back, which
are called " sit-fast.^ They get upon the back,
and you can never get them off. Neither knife
nor caustic can get them off when once on. There
are many things you can burn off with fire, or
cut out with a knife; but this sit-faU cannot be got
rid of in that way, it sticks and grows, like the
Congress book-trade, and gets worse upon time.
Another abuse is, that all the new members must
have all that the old members got—that the new
members must have what the old ones have; *hence
constant"resolutions to purchase books for new
members, and the constant passing ofsuch resolu-
tions. The old members cannot voteagainst them,
because they could not deny the new ones what they
themselves had, and the~new ones would not vote
against it either, because they could not deny vo-
ting themselves on an equality with the old ones;
and thus it has gone on at every session. What
has been voted to one must be voted to the other,
and so on without limitation. The result has been,
as I have been informed, and by well-informed
persons in this city, that in the vast orders which
have been given for books, and in the immense
sums which have been appropriated for the pur-
chase of books to be delivered to membeis, the
whole transaction has become fictitious! There is
not a book Seen in the ca*e, and for the very good
reason that they are not in existence. There was
a limited number at first, and these have all been
exhausted; but out of this limited supply, Con-
gress, it seems, may vote as many as it pleases to
new members; the receipt is signed for the book;
the money goes, but the book is never seen. This,
I am told, is the case, and I know it is obliged to
be th? case, because the number of books which i
have thus seen distributed over and over again
were limited, and were necessarily exhausted on
the first or second distribution. So that, in the
end, it degenerated into a mere distribution of
money. This we all know. I can name some
of the appropriations for this Congress book-trade,
to give some idea of the capita! invested in it.
Beginning with the Documentary History, which
was about the commencement of the great abuse,
and putting down §500,000 for that item, payable
at intervals as a volume is delivered, each delivery
being about $25,000, and the most part yet to
come, and I find in the year 1832, $55,000 for one
set of books, and #12,000 for another. In 1833,
I find the seveiai sums of $50,000, £3,125, and
$1,000. In 1834, the sums of §20,000, $40,000,
$42,960, $5,100. in 1835, the sums of ^6 GOO,
$40 000, $10 860 In 1836, $5,883, #15,606 In
1837444,490, £4,588, £15,500. In 1839, $5,602.
This was the progress of abuse in the fin st tour
years. Its enormity was such a3 to enable the
opposing members to bring it to a halt. They
broke up the trade for awhile—for near ten yeais;
but it afterwards broke out afresh, and raged with
renovated fury.
Thus we find, in 1846, the sums of $7,000 and
$24,449. in 1H47, the sums of $72,205 and of
$45,000. In J848, the sums of $8,000, of $16,250,
of $24,327, and of $4,270. In 1849, a considerable
unascertained amount;and now, in this year, 1850,
both Houses of Congress employed in the woik.
All this which I produce is only one branch of
the business-M.be appropriations made by the two
Houses of Congress: but there is another branch
of it still to be explored-—the purchases out of the
contingent fund, of which this to Mr. Palmer is a
sample.
Many of these appropriations were to put the
new members on an equality with the old ones;
that is to say, it was giving them the same amount
for coming in at the last moment, as if they had
Gome and worked as those who came before them.
There is a case of the laborer who comes in at the
eleventh hour being entitled to full wages, but I
do not think it applies to members of Congress.
[Ltughter.] If the new members are to be put
on a footing with the old ones, and he who comes
here this session is to receive the books which
ht«.ve be*>n put in the hands of hirn who has
bten here twenty or thirty year*, why should they
lint ui-3o get back pay—eight dollars a day and
mileage, so as to make them equal on all points?
The list goes on.
Recurring to the Documentary History, I will
here say, Mr President, that while the House has
felt itself embarrassed with this contract of Clarke
& Force, Mr. Clarke has not felt himself embar-
rassed at all by his part of the contract. While
we were denying ourselves the power to give up
this contract, he was selling it to a gentleman who
perhaps is here now, Mr. John C. Rives. He
purchased Mr. Clarke's interest, and he has au-
thorized me to say that if the Senate chooses to
terminate the contract he asks for no damages.
He speaks for himself, having purchased Mr.
Clarke's interest; he does not speak for Mr. Force,
who may or may not be willing to do as he does.
Now, sir, this work of Clarke & Force was to be
done by an officer, at that time, of the House,
whom we all know, Mr. Claike. Being an officer
of the House, he was therefore somewhat under
the control and m the power of the House. The
contract with him was personal; he was to do the
"head-work." It was a trust not to be delegated;
it was a contract with him, an officer of the House,
and an educated man, to do a work which requiicd
head and education. H^was to collect the mat-
ter proposed to be published. It was a personal
trust, and not negotiable and assignable. He has
assigned, and gone out of it, and Mr. Rives, who
has succeeded him, pretends to nothing but the
workman, whose business it is to make money
out of his contract. That is all he pretends, arid
he prints the manuscript as furnished to him. The
whole idea, on which the contract was made is
lost and gone. The lending partner in the con-
tract has lefc it. He quits it, and yet we must
stick to it. Such is the argument, and such the
practice, and such the abuse of this book-buying
business. The greater part of this Documentary
History is yet to come. At first theie was no limi-
tation upon time or quantity. Both were unlimited.
We got a limit upon the quantity, so as not to ex-
ceed so many volumes; but there is no limit upon
time, and periodically Congress is called upon for
about $25,000 to pay for a new bound volume, and
some one or two thousand dollars to buy volumes
not m existence, to give to dead men !
1 repeat: these items now produced by me are
only those belonging to that class of appropriations
which are acted upon by both Houses of Con-
gress, and which are to be found upon the gen-
eral statute book. There is another large abuse
which has grown up, and which is much more
dangerous than those going through both Houses,
because the books are boughtalmost without form,
by a mere resolve, arid paid for out of the contin-
gent fund. I have not had time to look into it, but
I think I may venture to say, that since the time
this abuse began—commencing with the Docu-
mentary History, which was to cost a million and
a half, and which we have got limited to half a
million of dollars, and which we are called upon
lor money to pay every two or three years, and
which may continue until we are all dead, and still
go on without limitation of time—and including
all of the sums paid, either out of the Treasury or
the contingent fund, and it will be found that there
has been as much money voted for the puipose of
supplying members of Congress with books,
which few read and many sell, as there has been
voted for the improvement of the great rivers of
the West. And, sir, it was got much easier than
have been any of the appropriations for these
riveis. The book appropriations pass easy: the
river improvement appropriations have a hard
birth, and many die in the process. It is a case
iri which the tug of war is reversed. It is hard
work to 'procure a river improvement appropria-
tions it is haid work to pitvtnt a Congress book
appropriation. In the mean time the books which
we buy are, most of them, either useless or dan-
gerous—a benefit to the seller and nobody else.
As an example, 1 undertake to say that this work
of Documental y History, for which we have paid
these enormous sums, has not been worth one
straw to any member of Congress, in any public
business which he has had to transact, and that
he has not got one fact or idea from that work
which was applicable to a single measure depend-
ing befuie Congress. Yet the aigurnent upon
which this abuse originated was, that u was to
enable members of Con^i ess the better to discharge
their legislative duties
{ desne to give another exemplification of the
abuses arising ftom this system, it applies to
Green how's history of Oregon and California,
and the negotiations which took place with foreign
Powers and the United States in relation to the
title to that country. This book was purchased
for the use of the Senate—not half a dozen volumes
merely, to put in the library, where every Senator
could see them on any occasion he pleaded—but
purchased by the thousand for the use of the Sen-
ate—meaning thereby that every Senator should
have his proportion of them. I objected to this
purchase at the time; for, alfriough I knew nothing
about the book, yet I knew something about the
man, and my opinion was that it would be a shal-
low compilation. I made all possible opposition
to it in the Senate. Ir was carried, however, and
the argument used to sell it was, that we were en-
gaged m legislating about Oregon, that there was
a difficult question pending with Great Britain
about that Territory, and that it was necessary
that the members should be furnished with this
history, with a view of qualifying themselves to
act on the subject in their legislative capacity.
That was the argument used. I believed,' how-
ever, that it was better for us to go to the fountain
head. We had the documents here which con-
tained all these negotiations, and we had books
which contained all the discoveries, and I was
therefore strongly opposed to purchasing the com-
pilation of an individual, instead of looking at the
documents themselves, as we all might have done.
The book was purchased and distributed, and I
have since had more time to look at it than we had
then, and I now want to show some of the evils
which have resulted to the American Congress
from purchasing horn-books to teach Senators and
Representatives how to discharge their legislative
duties. I shall have recourse to the book itself
to show what has happened in consequence of
having this shallow compilation to go by. Sir, it
nearly brought us to the verge of a war with
Great Britain, and ail by following the blind guide
which he had selected—following a false andshal-
low book, which we had bought, and then took
for the compendium of all knowledge. These are
strong words, but no stronger than the truth ad-
mits, or justice requires; and I mean to prove what
1 say. Mr Greenhow had taken it into his head
to deny the line of Utrecht beyond the Lake of
the Woods, which Mr. Gallatin, in his nego'ia-
tions with the British ministers had relied upon;
and to keep up his own side of the argument he
suppressed all that Gallatin said, and the British
ministers admitted about the treaty of Utrecht.
Mr. Gallatin was sent to the Court of St. James
in 1826, for the purpose of settling questions grow-
ing up m rcspect to Oregon. He corresponded
with the then Secretary of State, Mr. Clay, and
in that correspondence, from beginning to the end,
he rested, as number one of his arguments, upon
the fact that the boundary line between the United
States and Gieat Britain was along the 49th paral-
lel of latitude, from the Lake of the Woods to the
Pacific ocean, and that that was agreed upon in
the treaty ot Utrecht. Mr. Gallatin, upon his ar-
rival in London, in the second letter addressed to
Mr. Clay, said that he would investigate that ques-
tion of the fixation of the boundary according to the
;| the treaty of Utrecht. In his letter of the 25th of
: November, speaking of the Oregon negotiations,
in relation to Oregon, he says:
11 On the last subject I did not duell, having not yet suffi-
ciently investigated Ike artulcs oj the treaty of Utrccfit.:>
This was the opening of his negotiations with
the British ministers, Messrs. Huskisson and Ad-
dington, and the opening of his correspondence
with Mr. Clay. Hs would not " dwell" on the
subject at that time, because he had not yet suffi-
ciently investigated the articles of the treaty of
Utrecht. He then made that treaty his starting
point in the negotiation.
We all know something of Mr. Gallatin; that
he had a talent for investigation, a talent for anal-
ysis, a talent .for research, which enabled him to
discover the truth wherever it lies. He did inves-
tigate the treaty of Utrecht, and did satisfy him-
self of the fact that it established the boundary;
and having satisfied himself of the fact that the
boundary line was fixed at the 40th parallel of
latitude, from the Lake of the Woods to the Pa-
cific occan,he then broughtit forwardto the Biitish
ministers, and«tated it to them fully. The British
ministers, Mr. President, are well informed; they
are able, they are skillful, they are bold, arid they
gam many advantages m negotiation by their skill
and by their boldness. But they are proud, also,
