1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
too proud to lie; and when Mr Gallatin men- |
tioneil this to them, they said yes, it was so, but j
that a subsequent treaty between Great Britain and !
Spain, that of Nootka Sound, had superseded the ^
treaty of Utrecht, and thrown open the whole j
country to the discovery and settlement of all i
Powers of the world. They confessed and eva- j
ded, as the lawyers say. They admitted the fact, j
but endeavored to get r id of it by bringing forward J
a subsequent treaty—a reason which, whether j
good or bad, it is not my purpose to argue; but i
Mr. Gallatin brought forward the fact of the |
establishment of the boundary line, and the Brit- J
ish ministers admitted it, but said it was su- j
perseded by a subsequent treaty. The point
with me is this, that Air. Gallatin, in those ne- I
gotiations, and in that correspondence, from the
oppning of it, and before he had mentioned it to
the British ministers, had determined to investi-
gate that line, and to maintain it if he found it true.
He did so, and did investigate, and did find it true,
and brought it forward to the British ministers,
and they admitted the line, but said it was super- i
seded by the subsequent treaty of Nootka Sound.
All this was communicated to Mr. Clay, who was ,
in the Department of State, in which Mr. Green- ;
how was a clerk, and afterwards it was communi- '
cated to Congress and printed. Now, the point to
which i wish to call the attention of the Senate is j
this, that in this book of Mr. Greenhow, which ;
we purchased for the purpose of guiding the Arrxs--
ican Senate and the House of Representatives, in (
relation to the geography, history, and title to Ore-
gon, and which purports to give the negotiations
on the subject of the northwestern boundary be- i
tween the'United States and Great Britain, every ;
word that Mr. Gallatin said in relation to the line ;
of Utrecht is left out! It is all left out. And the
reason he gives for leaving it out shows it was ;
done on purpose, the validity of which reason will
be judged of after it is read. I have made a state-
ment, sir, and a statement going to show how we j
have been imposed upon, and fooled, m one of
these book purchases, and which was considered
a happy purchase at the time it was made; and !
now 1 intend to prove what I have stated. Here
is the Gallatin correspondence, printed for the
Senate, January 21, 1828, and for the House of
Representatives subsequently, Vol. 5, No. 199,
Executive Documents. In ins letter to Mr. Clay,
November 1G, 1826, pp. 12, 13 of the Senate Doc-
uments, he says:
" Tlie pending negotiations, and tlie rc^eaiches they len-
der nece.-sary, do not penult me to communicate mule than
a buet account of what it &eeni^ ino-t important lor \ on to
Know. * * * * 1 had but Iiltie to add to the
fireuments «=ed by Mr. Ru~h in support of the right of the
Uiiileil States to the terntorv in questLon. * * * 1
p n.ited out the discovery, Gray's harlioi, now improperly
called Whiting, north of the Columbia river, by Captain
Clay; referred to the line established m pursuance oj the tieaty
of Uirecht, and made a short recapitulation of the whole."
Here the line of Utrecht is brought directly to
the notice of the British commissioners, and the
next point is, what did they say to it? Mr. Gal-
latin tells what they said, and that is found at page
14 of the same document, and in the same letter.
It was this:
As, at the time of concluding the Nootka convention,
Louisiana did belong to Spain, and she marie no exception
to tlie piovisions of that convention, on any prop ped boun-
daries of that province having been established byfonncr
treaties with Gre.U Britain, or of light extending to the Pa-
cific ocean, tlie tJmu-d States cannot claim any t<-mtory on
that ocean, as owners of Louisiana, either as a natural ex-
tension of its houndanes we.-twardly, or as imp'ied from the
ihs^nntion of the boundary hue, (the 49th paral.elof latitude.)
setttrj ieltietn Canada and Louisiana on trie one part, awl the
British ft-jSiesiiGns of Hudson's Bay on the other \wt, by the
commissioners appointed in -pursuance of the treaty of Utrecht.
Tin* convention or Nootka must be con^id^red gener-
ally a* having bccome an international law, at least for the ,
Pacific, and superseded the claims ascribed to more prior
d MOVei\, set aside the exclusive pretensions of Spain to the
northwest part oj ttip Amrrtran continent, and opened it to
the comineice and settleminis oj all countries whatever, inclu-
ding the United Slates."
This was the answer of the British ministers—
confessing and avoiding—admitting the establish-
ment of the line of Utrecht, but pleading that it
was superseded by the Nootka Sound convention.
1 do not stop to give Mr. Gallatin's answer to that
plea. That is not the point. The point now is,
that Mr. Gallatin presented this line to the British
commissioners as a part of the United States tule
up to 49°—for no one went higher at that time—and
tnat the British ministers admitted it. Tue point,
presently, will be that Mr. Greenhow suppressed
both this urging and admitting the line, and after
that his reason for such a suppression. We go on
with the proofs. On the 25th day of November,
page 16 of the aame document, Mr. Gallatin writes
to Mr. Clay thus:
"The boundary line agreed upon by the commissioners
appointed in pursuance of the treatyoj Utrecht, {the 49th
parallel of latitude,) though falling biiort of what might be
claimed by the Untied Stales, was offered by them, and
inu&t, at all events, be binding on Great Britain. That hue
was indefinite. It had already been confirmed to the Stony
mountains; there was no reason whv u should not be con-
tinued as lar as the claims of both parties extended."
This is what is seen in the letters of Mr. Galla-
tin to Mr. Clay—the line of the treaty of Utrecht
four times mentioned by him, and the British an-
swer to it. But there is still a more formal paper
to be produced—" the statement** and 44 the counter
statement " of the respective negotiators.
There was then drawn up on the part of the
British ministers a statement of the British tide,
which was annexed to tlie protocol of the sixth
conference, and consisted of nine pages, and is
found at page 52 of the document. At the same
time there was a counter statement, showing.the
United States title, drawn up by Mr. Gallatin,
which consisted of eleven pages, and is seen at
page 62 of the document; and in this counter
statement, Mr. Gallatin brought forward the whole
claim of the United States, and rested it, among
other points, upon the treaty of Utrecht. Now,
Mr. Greenhow, in the appendix to this book,
«givea the entire British statement, and omits Mr.
Gallatin's. He gives the British "statement" at
page 446, extending to page 455, word for word,
as it appears published in the document which I
hold in my hand. In a note to page 446, Mr. Green'
how says:
" This statement, published with the documents accom-
panying Piesidrnt Adams's message to Congress, fit Decem-
ber 12, 1827, is here inserted 1.) tutchiefly because reier-
ence is frequently made to it in the preceding history, in
which its numerous misstatements are exposed and refuted.
See page 347 of the histoi v, (bis, (aret nliow's histoid,) and
other pages to which reference is made by note."
Thus the British statement of title is given en-
tire; and this is the reason given for it, because it
is frequently referred to by turn, (Greenhow,) and
its misstatements exposed and refuted by him,
(the aforesaid Greenhow.) Now let us see what
he did with Mr. Gallatin's "counter statement,"
in which some might suppose the British mis-
statements might have been found out.
Now for the American u counter statement."
Here it is, at page 348 of the book, and compressed
into about half a page, and such pa^es as the book
contains, small leaves, wide margins, and about
equal to a square of two inches in the columns of
a common newspaper. Here it is, [showing it on
the page,] and this is its every word that is saved
to show the grounds of the American title, as pie-
sented by Mr. Gallatin:
" Mr. Gallatin claimed for the United States tlie posses-
sion of the teriitory west ot the Rocky mountains, between
the 42d and '19th parallel-*, on the grounds of—
" The acquisition by the United ritates of the titles of
France, through the Louisiana treaty, and the titles ot Spam
through the Florida treaty.
uTne discovery or the mouth of the Columbia, the first
exploiation ot the couutnes thiough which that river flows,
and the establishment ot the fn&t posts and settlements in
those countries by American citizens.
"The virtual recognition of tlie title of the United States
by the British Government, in the restitution, agreeably to
the li st article of the tn.aty ot Ghent, of the po?t near the
mouth of the Columbia, which had been taken dining the
war.
•' And, lastly, upon the ground of contiguity, which should
give the United States a snongor right to tno-e ternioucs
tuau could be advanctd b> any oilier powei—a doctnne
always maintained by Great Britain, from the period of her
earlici-t attempts at colonization in America, ns cleaily
proved by her chatters, in which the whole bieadth ot the
continent, between cei tain puiallelsot iaiituuc, \va> grafted
to colonies established only at points on the borders ul the
Atlantic."
This is the exhibition which Mr. Greenhow
makes of Gallatin's correspondence—a document
of some eighty pages, and eleven of thein taken up
with a ''counter statement" of the American
claim in opposition to the u statement" of the
British claim. This is all, and this all is little.
Mr. Greenhow seems to have been aware that
| some apology was due for such conduct, and he
accordingly gives it thus, in a note at page 347:
<l The counter statement of Mr. Gallatin, a most able docu-
meutj is omitted O't/i/c<iu^e it> insettion vjou'd have too much
increased the bul'c oj the volume."
\ These are the reasons given for omitting Mr.
! Gallatin's statement of the title of the United
' States: too much increased the bulk of his vol-
| umo.,> Now, Mr. Gallatincounter statement
was only eleven pages, and that was too much to
put in. The British statement was nine pages,
and that was flot too much. The volume itself
was nearly five hundred pages, and eleven more
could not have been told by looking at, or hand-
ling the book—-could only have been found out by
looking at the figures off'the margins of the pages.
Besides, the American people might have pardoned
Mr. Gi eenhow for sparing his own exposures and
detections of the British *t misstatementsas he
smartly calls them, and of which he gives note at
the bottom of page 446, arcd accepted Mr. Galla-
tin's reply, in the shape of his ''counter state-
ment," to all the errors of the British "state-
ment." The country would probably have par-
doned him for such a substitution, but he could
not pardon himself for so doing ; and so he omit-
ted Gallatin's answers and substituted Green-
how's. The fact now stands indisputable that, in
a compilation of the history of Oregon and Cali-
fornia, for the instruction of members'of Congress,
Mr. Greenhow left out the whole of the negotia-
tions and the whole of the correspondence of Mr.
Gallatin. That fact is clear. Why did he leave
it out, sir? Why did he give the British state-
ment of nine pages, and leave out Mr. Gallatin's
eleven pages? Can it be that it was for the reason
given ? It is immaterial what was the reason, ex-
cept that a false reason shows a bad design. I
guess a different reason from the one he gives.
Mr. Greenhow had undertaken to deny the ex-
istence of the line established by the tieaty of
Utrecht. He started with that foot foremost, and
then stuck to it, trying to prove it as well as he
could by leaving out Mr. Gallatin's correspond-
ence, which averred the existence of that line. I
guess he left out Mr Gallatin's counter statement
because it contained this paragraph, page 67, of
the document of Gallatin's correspondence:
"The limits between the northerly possessions of Great
Butain in North America, and those of France in the same
quarter, namely, Canada and Louisiana, were determined
hy commissioners appointed in pursuance of the tieaty of
Utrecht. From the coast of Labrador to a certain point
north ofL.ike Supenor, those limits were fived according to
certain metes and bounds, and from that point the iiue of
demarcation was agreed to extend indefinitely due west,
along the 49th paralh 1 of north latitude. It was in con-
formity wit!) that arrangement that the United States did
| claim that parallel as tbe northern boundary of Louisiana.
I ft has been accoidmgly thus settled as far as the Stony
mountains by the convention of 1818, between the United
States arid Great Butain; and no adequate reason can be
given why the same boundary should not be continued as
iai as the claims ol the United states do extend; that is to
say, as far as the Pacific ocean."
This is the reason, I guess, that Mr. Gallatin's
" counter statement" svas so carefully left out, and
! so bad a reason given for it. It averred the exist-
ence, in the most formal manner, of the hne of
Utrecht. Mr. Greenhow had denied the existence
of that line*, and did not feel called upon to stultify
j himself in the face of the public by producing Gal-
1 latin to contradict him. But he does not content
I himself with leaving out what shows the line; he
1 inserts an argument against it. At page 436 of
■ his book he has three pages of argument against
1 the line, under this imposing caption;
j " Showing that the 49Ih parallel of latitude u as not <elected
j as the hne of separation between tlie French awl the British.
' teri~itoiies in Noitk Jlmcrica, by com/nissioneis appointed
agreeably to the treaty of Utrecht."
At page 281 he again denies it m these words;
" But there is no evidence vhi:h can he admitted as c^tal/~
. lishing Ikzjact that a line running along the 4Wi parallel of
' latitude, or any other hue, v as ever a djpfed or evm [>rop'>se4'
by those commiiSionerb^or hy their Got e  nn.enls, us the limit of
any part of the Fiench possessions on the noitk, and of the
B'iitish Hudson's Bay TenUories on the south ,J
And he puts that into italics, by way of giving
emphasis to the contradiction. And at page 282
he seems to be perfectly satisfied with himself for
I putting an end to a "belief" wnich had been
| " hithtrlo" {id est, until his book appeared) enter-
j tained " wiihout suspicion" in the United Slates,
' and even 41funned the basis of most important trea-
i ties." It was his design that it should form the
| basis of no more treaties; so he contradicted, sup-
j pressed Mr. Gallatin's averment and the British
| admission, and pushed up to fifty-four forty,
j Mr. President, on a former occasion, when the
! state of our negotiations witu Great Britain in re-
J lation to Oregon were the subject of much and
I serious discussion, 1 brought fotward these facts—
1 the main fact of the line of Utrecht—for the pur-
j pose of checking or arresting the furious passion
j which then broke out for 54° 40'. 1 adduced the
! line of Utrecht as fixing the line between the
i United States and Great Britain. While I was
