1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
if desired, but they ought not to be. It occupies
a great deal of time in traveling up and down the
streets. They ought to be paid as well as the
census-takers in the country. You should com-
bine both elements of labor—the time spent in
going from place to place is one, and the time spent
in taking the enumeration of the other; and the
rule, based on these two elements, operates alike
and equally throughout.
Mr. DAWSON. It is not exactly the place to
nrgue the general advantages of the bill 1 have
presented, and I shall confine myself to the point
presented by the Senator from Kentucky. In my
bill, the draughter has mostly taken the rule of
compensation from the laws heretofore in force on
the subject. 1 will illustrate a moment. It pro-
vides, that for every hundred inhabitants enu-
merated and described, they shall receive, in all
incorporated villages, towns, and cities containing
more than ten thousand inhabitants, $,150. The |
second section requires the marshals, so far as
practicable, to divide the whole of their respective
districts in such a manner that each subdivision,
by estimation, shall not contain more than twenty
thousand inhabitants. Now, suppose we take a
city of twenty thousand inhabitants, what com-
pensation will the marshal receive? He will re-
ceive just $300: where it is a city, we must adopt
some average rule, for we cannot be precisely ac-
curate in this matter. The next provision of the
bill is, that in all subdivisions, not included in such
villages, towns, or cities, and containing on an
average more than seventy-five persons to the
square mile, he shall receive $2 for each hundred
persons. Now, supposing them to be spread over
a territory of twenty miles square, instead of a
city of twenty thousand persons—we do not take
into consideration the number of houses in the
twenty miles square—we only increase the com-
pensation twenty-five per cent., and the assistant
marshal will receive $400. This calculation may
be extended to the other provisions of the bill on
this point, and it will be found to exhibit the same
result. The county in which I reside, for instance,
is about twenty miles squaie, with a population of
twelve thousand persons. The marshal would
then receive $2 a hundred, and what would be his
whole compensation for taking the census ? Why,
$240, and no more; and in the city of Savannah,
■with a population of fifteen thousand, he would
only receive $225.
That is the reason why I present this law; and
all will see, that when the deputy-marshal in the
county in which I reside—and who knows that it
contains about,12,000 inhabitants—looks at the bill,
and ascertains the number of inhabitants to a square
nnle, he at once knows his compensation, and can
tell in a moment that he is to receive the amount
(#240)1 named. Hence it was that I supposed the
bill which I present contained the better plan. It
is in accordance with the previous laws for taking
the enumeration of our people since the foundation
of Government. It is said that there will be ine-
qualities of compensation under it. This is true;
but it arises out of inequalities for which we cannot
provide. We are making it the best we can; and
in no instance under the bill we propose, can any
assistant, maishal receive more than §600 for taking
the census. The rules of compensation and com-
putation are so clear, that they can be understood
and comprehended at once, without a long calcu-
lation. 1 have no doubt that, according to the
plan of the Senator from Kentucky, the matter
may be calculated to a mathematical demonstra-
tion; but the laws should be plain, comprehensive,
and easily understood by all classes of people. I
have not made this statement before, because the
hill was not yet under consideration; when it shall
be presented to lie considered, section by section,
the Senate will find it perfectly consistent and con-
formable to the objects we propose to carry into
execution. True, the assistant marshals are to re-
ceive additional compensation for taking the statis-
tics required by the bill, which is certainly just and
^Mr^ UNDERWOOD. I shall not pretend to do
anything more than answer the question of my
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] and in
regard to which, I had not made any calculation
when he asked it. I want to show him how ad-
mirably the rule will work. He puts the question
as to a city. Well, I have taken a city or town
of two thousand inhabitants, and supposed them
scattered over four miles square that is, two
miles every way. Suppose there are ten persons
in each family, and then there are two hun-
dred families in the two thousand inhabitants.
The square root of your two hundred families
is fourteen, and that of your four square miles
is two, and your census-taker will have to travel
twenty-eight miles to get your population. 1
merely rise to answer this question, to show that
you might take the rule and bring it down to
four miles, or one mile, or make it five millions of
miles, and it is precisely the same; and if you
will give the numoer of families, it will show you
the precise number of miles the officer will have
to travel, supposing them to be equally scattered
over the surface. The only objection to the rule
is, that they are not equally scattered, and that in
some parts they are congregated in greater num-
bers than others; but then it only results in a
little benefit to the census-taker, and puts a very
few more dollars in his pocket.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The commit-
tee found this question, as have the Senate already,
a very complicated one. They were induced to
bestow much attention to the subject, because of
the complaints of the inequality of the compensa-
tion under the former law—some having received
what was deemed extravagant, while others, it
was thought, justly complained that their com-
pensation was too little. It was a very compli-
cated question. In the first place, it is necessary
to estimate how much each marshal could per-
form—how many they could enumerate—and if
you can only settle and determine that question,
it is very easy to determine what is a reasonable
compensation for them. The data upon which
that inquiry is to be founded, is very difficult to
obtain, and must be mainly conjectural. I labored
at it myself, and hastily made a table—though it
goes more into details than it is desirable it should—
to meet those inequalities, and to give to cach as-
sistant a compensation, beaiinj? a proper rutio to
his services. It is not easy to tell how many square
miles they can go over in a day, or how many
persons they can enumerate; but one thing is
plain, that as population diminishes, the com-
pensation should increase—the increase in the
time of travel constituting a very considerable,
poition of the time and labor devoted to the sub- 1
ject. My fiiend from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] has turned his mind to the subject, and I
believe, if 1 understand him correctly, went into
acareful examination of the returns made, showing
what compensation was made under the former
laws; and having done that with very great carp,
and having applied his rule to the test of these
former returns, which show the actual compensa-
tion received by those who collected the statistics,
in any given portion of the country, as he states,
itpiovedto work admirably well. It corrected
many of the difficulties existing, and reduced the
whole matter to a rate of compensation equal and
just in itself. I am satisfied, myself, that it does
this, because I know that he ha3 bestowed a great
deal of labor upon it, in all its phases; though I
am obliged to say, after all, that we act solely on
our confidence in his judgment and skill in the
matter. However, there is no practical difficulty
in extracting the square root of any given num-
ber of figures. Any one, skilled m mathematics,
can do it; but if brought to the test under the
former bill, and it bears the comparison out, and
proposes a more equal result and just rate of com-
pensation, it seems to me it must prove relatively
a better rule.
While up, I wish, at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, to move an amendment to the
ninth section. He thinks, in some cases?, that the
maishals themsehes may desire to enumerate the
people; and he thinks that in that case the bill does
not provide a proper compensation for them. I
have no objection to it, but I supposed that the
marshals generally would not desire to execute
this duty.
The amendment was read as follows:
(C Provided, alio, That if the. marshal of any district shall
him-e!f perform the duties enjoined upon the a^&t-tant, tie
shall receive therefor tin- compensation allowed to the as-
sistant.''
Mr. COOPER. I do not rise to discuss the
amendment or the bill; but at the request of the
secretary of the census board, who is a constituent
of mine, and who thinks that some reflection upon
his conduct was made in the course of a debate
which took place here on Friday last 
Mr. TURNEY. I ask the Senator if he would
not prefer making these remarks when the Senate
is more full ?
Mr. COOPER. I will not take a moment, and
what I have to say will appear in the papers, and
that is all I desire. It was stated, sir, in language
as nearly as 1 can recollect, that the design of the
bill, which was proposed by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] as an amendment to the
bill reported by the committee on the census,
was alone for the purpose of delay, and that the
secretary of the census board had no authority
for drawing it up, or something; to that effect.
He desires that I should say that he was induced
to prepare the bill, in pursuance of the law of
March last, under which the census board acted, and
under the explanation of the provisions of the law,
given by those who took part in the discussion
when that bill was under consideration, and espe-
cially in pursuance of the intimation of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, the chairman of the com-
mittee, who declared, in the course of that dis-
cussion, that it would be the duty of the census
board, to prepare a bill and submit it to the com-
mittee. He did it in pursuance of the remarks
made by that Senator, and which are reported in
tlie Globe newspaper—I think on page 667—I do
not remember the page, though 1 have seen the
report. I make this statement in justification of
him, and to say for him, that he had no design to
do anything beyond forwarding th^ objcct which
all have in view, I presume, m this matter.
Mr. CLARKE. I will ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania, if he is to be understood as saying
that the census board gave any direction or inti-
mation as to the preparation of this bill >
Mr. COOPER. No, sir; 1 saul nothing in re-
gard to that. I only spoke of the design of the
secretary of the boaid.
Mr. DAWSON. The question which the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island propounded was this:
whether the census board have approved of this
hill ? I understand they have not. Mr. Collamer
said he had never read it, and other gentlemen
have not seen it. I said that the Secretary of the
Interior, whose duty it was to carry into effect
the tables, had seen it, and the approval came in
that way. The board had never seen it, for it
11 was not a matter for their jurisdiction.
I Mr. TURNEY. I move that we now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the Sona-
l| tor withdraw that motion for one moment?
Mr. TURNEY. 1 will, if the Senator from
Massachusetts will renew it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to say, that I am
very glad to hear the Senator from Georgia say,
that one member of the census board, at least, dis-
claims having seen this bill; for I believe he was
understood the other day to say he did not ap-
prove it. I wish also to make a conection myself.
The Senator from Georgia put the question to me,
I whether the Secretary of the Interior had not sig-
' nified his approbation of a hill ? I do not know
whether it was this bill or not. Upon reflection,
I have a remembiance that the Secretary of the
Interior addressed a note to me with regard to
another matter, and in the conclusion of that note,
he gave me to understand that he had seen a bill
which met his approbation. Wnether it was the
bill referred to in the inquiry made by the Sena-
tor from Georgia, or not, I do not undertake to say.
1 may add, also, because both facts were out of
my mind at the time the inquiry was made, that
the Secretary of the Interior, after this bill was
printed, called on me in this building, and told me
he had read the committee's bill with care and at-
tention, and he desired one small amendment in
relation to clerks, which hasalready been made by
the Senate. Otherwise, he was entirely satisfied
with the bill. He expressed that opinion to me, in
regard to it; and I am quite willing these or any
other facts should appear. I only wish now to
state, that in answering the question put to me
suddenly by the Senator from Georgia, it was out
of my mind that I had any knowledge of the Sec-
retary'a views.
I will say to my friend from Pennsylvania, who
has just addressed the Senate, that it is not a mat-
ter of any consideration with me what motives
gentlemen are governed by; I do not wish to go
into that. I thought the e'ffect of the movement,
made when this matter was last up for considera-
tion, would be, to produce delay. I felt an anxiety
that the business should be carried forward with
