1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Aug. 26.
doing this, and actuaHy extricating the Adminis-
tration and the Democratic party from the perilous
condition into which they had been run, I was
blackguarded every day in the " organ" in this
city—ihe organ calling itself Democratic—some-,
times editorially, sometimes "by Mr. G-reenhow,
under his own name. I was blackguarded, vili-
fied, contradicted, and at last ridiculed and pitied,
by the organ and its backer, for mentioning the
line of the treaty of Utrecht; and I have no doubt
that nearly .the whole of the Democratic party,
■which at that time put faith in the organ, fully
believed that there was no such line as that of
Utrecht—that Mr. Greenhow had eclipsed all
American and British negotiators, and that " fifty-
four forty or fight" was the duty of every Demo-
crat who was not a British-traitor.5* I was literally
cried down and Mr. Greenhow cried up until he
rode upon the clouds. Five hundred country or-
gans played to the tune of the city organ; and in
the face of the whole I had to take the brunt of sa-
ving the country from " inevitable ivar with Great
Britain." It was the first time, perhaps,in which
a member of a party, saving the party and the
country from an absurd war, was assailed by the
organ of the party, even justly, and muchness
falsely and wickedly. But, with the help of oth-
ers, wesucceeded. The danger was averted. The
true line of 49°, which we had offered Great Brit-
ain for forty years, was established; and now we
see, from the exhibit 1 have made this day, that
all the danger we then ran came from a book,
fraudulently false, for which we paid $3,750 to
give ourselves thirty copies of it each. I say we;
for, though T fought against it, and refused to
touch the book, yet its purchase was the act of the
body of which I am a member, and therefore we
did it.
This is some of our experience in buying horn-
books for our Senatorial instruction. Mr. Green-
how gives a history of Mr. Gallatin's correspond-
ence. He gives you all this in half a page, which
cost Gallatin near eighty pages, being the largest
instance 1 have ever known of the play of Hamlet
with the part of Htimlet left out; for he gives us
Gallatin's correspondence with the omission of the
correspondence of Gallatin. "What is the conse-
quence > Why, sir, out of that book grew all the
disputes about 54° 40' That book was the fattier
of the 54° 40' movement, which brought us to the
verge of a war with Great Britain.
And this is what we got for our money in the
purchasing of books. Yes, sir, the money which
we paid for that book was the father of the 54° 40'
movement. After all, he does not tell us how 54°
40' came to be established as a point for the Rus-
sian possessions. He does not tell how 54° 40'
originated, but I will. 1 have found it out m
another book-—in the correspondence of Mr.
Adams, who was minister to St. Petersburgh
above thirty years ago; and I must here say, once
fur all, that whatever duties I may have to peiform
in the Senate, I want no horn-books to teach me.
I want the original works themselves. It origi-
nated thus, because Resanoff married the daughter
of Chilikoff, or, rather, because Chilikoff married
his daughter to Resanoff The case is this: Chil-
ikoff was at the head of the Russian American Fur
'Note.—Since the above speech was delivered, and since
it was published in the National Intelligencer, the fnllow-
iiii! note, and enclosure, was received by Mr. Benton irwn
the Department ot State:
" The Secretary of State presents his compliments to Mr.
Bfnton, and has the honor to transmit herewith a copy of
the paragraph from one of Mr. Everett's letters, requested
by Mr. Benton. The parajiaph has just been discovered.
t: Department op State,
" Washington, Jlugust 28,1830."
" Extract from a letter from Mr. Everett to Mr. Webster
dated London, 31si March, 1&43. '
" The above was chip fly written before J had seen Mr.
Oswald's map, winch I have since, by the kindness of Sir
Robert reel and Lord Aberdeen, been permitted to do. ft
is a copy ot Mitchell's inapm line preservation. The bound-
anes between the British and French possessions m Amer-
ica, ' as fixed l i the treaty of Utrecht,' are mai jctd upon i t
in a very fuli distinct line, at least a tenth ot an inch broad
and those rotc/i written in several places. In like manner the
line eivmg the boundary as we have always claimed it, that '
is, cariymg the northeast angle of Nova Seotia far to the
noith ol the St. John's, is drawn very carefully in a bold red
line, lull a tenth of an inch broad, and in four diftertnt
places alow the line distinctly written, < Iho houndaru de-
scribed by Mr. OiwaM.' What is very remarkable is that a
line narrower, but drawn with care with an instrument
from the lower end of lake Nipissing to the source of the
Mis>is-ippi, as tar as the map permits such a line to run
had once been drawn on the map, and ha  sinee been par-
tially erased, though mil distinctly visible."
Company. This was during the reign of the Em-
peror Paul, in 1799. He was a man full of'good
impulses, though rather wrong-headed. The Rus-
sian company oppressed the Indians. When he
was informed of this oppression he resolved to de-
stroy the company, and to break it up. Chilikoff
was the head of the company; he had married his
daughter to Resanoff, the Emperor's chamberlain,
and given him herfortune in stock of the company,
and got him to represent to the Emperor that it
was better to regulate the company than to destroy
it. He therefore made this representation to the
Emperor. The EmperSr yielded. Instead of
breaking up "the company he gave them a charter,
and regulated them; and that charter was precisely
according to the extent of their possessions at that
day. The Emperor gave them a charter to that
extent merely because they had occupied it to that
extent; and that happened to be to the south end
of the Prince of Wales Island, which was then be-
lieved to be in 55° north, but afterwards found to
be 54° 40'. And that is the way that the 54° 40'
for which we were going to fight Great Britain
originated—all because Ilesanoffmarried the daugh-
ter of Chilikoff, and without any more regard to
the rights or claims of any other nation than to
the rights and claims of the man in the moon.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether this dis-
cussion about the Emperor Paul and 54° 40' is
pertinent to the question before us? Sir, I would,
not have objected if the Senator frorh Missouri had
not spoken so long on this subject that I deem it
a duty which 1 owe to the Senate and to the coun-
try to raise this question of order.
The PRESIDENT.' The Chair is under the
impression that it is not in order for the Senator
from Missouri to take so wide a range of debate,
and to discuss treaties which were signed ami dis-
posed of years ago, on a mere question of printing
a document for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON. I am showing the abuse which
has been practiced upon the Senate in buying
books, and that the country, in consequence of that
abuse, was led to the very verge of a war, and the
Senate fooled. I am showing the enormous abuse
which has been practiced upon us, in consequence
of this practice of buying books for the use of the
Federal Congress. That is what 1 am doing, sir.
I have a right to illustrate this" abuse by bringing
to the attention of the Senate the facts which his-
tory and our experience give me, and which may
bear upon the question under consideration, and
show the impolicy of such purchases.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mis-
souri will have to confine himself to the subject-
matter before the Senate.
Mr. BENTON. That 1 shall do, sir. I confine
myself to the abuses which have grown out of this
practice, and of which I spoke in the beginning.
1 commenced to speak of the general abuse, and
not of this particular measure. 1 interrupt nobody;
and the Senator from Vermont will pardon me for
taking no notice of his interruption.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of confining the Senator to the sub-
ject named in the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. I rose to a question of order.
I felt it my duty to interfere; and i can assure the
Senator from Missouri that hereafter I shall deem
it my duty to interfere in all these discursive dis-
cussions. Sir, what has the Emperor Paul to do
with 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is not in or-
der- [Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. Who is not in order?
*The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ver-
mont was not in order in going on with his re-
marks.
Mr. BENTON. That is right; he is interrupt-
ing me; he is out of order. Our debates here, sir,
have degenei^ted into -colloquies—have ran down
to dialogues and catechisms. I shall engage in no
such business. I interrupt no gentleman, and if
any gentleman interrupts me, he must expect that
I shall pass his interruption by unnoticed.
The President has pronounced the judgment of
the Chair on the interruption which was given to
me. He has condemned it. I am satisfied, and
will go on, and will read a little in proof of what
I said. I will read from the journal of the Rus-
sian circumnavigator, Captain Yon Krusenterra,
who says;
" The irregular njaiicer in which this sort ef trads bad
been carried,on, the unjust and cruel conduct of the Russian
merchants towards the unhappy inhabitants of The UJes of
America, complaints of which had even eornetothe capital,
had raised up so great and powerful enemies, that Paul the
First resolved to abolish the company in order to put an end
to a traffic so revolting. This resolution would have bt>«;n
certainly carried into effect but for the interposition of M.
de Resanoff, who was afterwards sent to Japan as ambassa-
dor. He had married the daughter of Chilikoff, who had
brought him in dowry a very great nu&ber of the lulls of
the company; the value depended upon the gains or losses
of the trade. By his knowledge and influence he happened
to render the Emperor &o favorable to the company, that he
rejected all the representations which were addressed to
him against it, confirmed it formally in 1799, and granted to
it great privileges."
That is the way, sir, that this 54° 40' movement
came about—when we were on the border of a
war with Great Britain, to which we had been led
by a false and fraudulent book which we had pur-
chased for our instruction, ic was all because
Resanoff married the daughter of Chilikoff. But
still there was an argument for the purchase of
that book at that time. We had a question about
Oregon, and it was argued this book was to illumi-
nate us, upon the principle, perhaps, that in a
nation of blind men lie that has one eye is a kino-.
And then we have just had another book, Brown's
Debates in the California Convention. Still there
was an argument; we were about to legislate for
California, and to the extent of half a dozen vol-
umes, to be placed in the library, to which Sena-
tors might have recourse, it would have been a
gflod argument. I would have voted for the pur-
chase of half a dozen copies, but some two thou-
sand were resolved upon, and at two dollars per
volume, the work being such as we would buy in
the shops for sixty-two and a half cents. I fought
against it, and, as usual in this Congressional book-
trade, came off second best. The number was
carried; but half a dollar on the volume was saved
to the Treasury, and the seller still got what was
about double price, and we got what was of no use
to us. This has been our experience at the pres-
ent session, and we all felt as if we had been bitten.
Still there was an argument, or the shadow of an
argument, that we were going to legislate for Cal-
ifornia, and wanted information, and this book, at
the rate of thirty volumes to a member, might give
it. But in the case before us I see no argument at
all. It is to purchase Mr. Palmer's book on the
East. I do not know of any business we have to
perform here on which the subject-matter of that
book is necessary to enable us to discharge our
duties. I know of no argument for it, and I will
look over the resolution presented, for the purpose
of seeing what it is, and how it came before us.
I do not see the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Mangdm] present who called up this reso-
lution, and 1 must therefore call the attention of
the Senate to it in his absence. Tins is it:
" Resolved, Tnat Mr. Palmer have leave lo withdraw,*
take out a copy-riyht foi, and printon hu own account, the
documents entitled < A coinptenensive view ol the prin-
cipal independent niantime countries ot the East,' illus-
trated tiv a cliait, which accompanied the leport of the
Sectetary of State to the Seriate, under date of the 23d of
April last, and referred to the Coi'umutee ori Foreign Rela-
tions; and that the Seereuiy of the Senate he and lie is
hereby authorized to subscribe for five thousand copies of
the work, together with the chart, under the above title,
for the use of the Senate; provided the same shall be de-
livered by Mr. Palniei at a price not exceeding two dollars
per copy of not less. than five hundred pages octavo, printed
on fine paper, and neatly bound in irtushn."
That is the resolution. In the first place it is
for "Mr. Palmer." There is no Christian name
to it, as if there was but one Palmer in the world.
But I apprehend that this Palmer, without being
one of the kind who came in it at the end of the
feast of the noblemen and gentry, a couple of cen-
turies back, and who was welcomed because he
was a traveler and told good stories—and took
his name, a baculis patmarum., from the staff of
paltn which was the badge of the oriental trav-
eler returning from the holy war: without mista-
king him as one of those Palmers, though he dis-
courses from the east, I apprehend that we are all
sufficiently acquainted with the gentleman. I be-
lieve that this gentleman has been as faithful in
his attendance on this Chamber for a number of
years past as the average of the members of this
body, [alaugh;],and that were he to put in a
clainifor eight dollars a day, he could make out
as good a claim as most of us, so far as punctual
attendance would carry it. For my part, I am
sufficiently acquainted with the gentleman, from
that description, without requiring the resolution to
insert " Jlaron H.'' before his name of Palmer.
Well, now, the resolution asks leave to with-
/
