1&50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
and indiscriminate removal by the Secretary of the
Interior, of Democrats who were competent offi-
cers, and the substitution of incompetent " cider
sucking Whigs." He (Mr. C.) did notjustify pro-
scription foropinion sake. He had no doubt but the
Secretary of the Interior had good reasons for every
removal he had made; but an investigation of
the facts would show, that comparatively few re-
movals of Democraticoffice-holders had been made,
and that a very large proportion of the clerks in
all the departments in this city were at this time
Democrats—and Democrats who had been origi-
nally appointed in the place of Whigs, who had
been removed purely for opinion sake. At the
present time, some of the departments had a small
majority of Whigs—or rather, of those who were
not counted as Democrats. Other departments,—
for instance, the Treasury and Post-Office Depart-
ments—had a large majority of Democrats. In
some of the bureaus, the Democrats were as three
to one of Whigs. The Democrats, in a large
majority of cases, held the appointments to which
the largest salaries are attached. As an instance
of Ihis kind he might refer to the fact, that in the
Fourth Auditor's office there were fourteen clerks,
only five of whom were Whigs, and they received
the lowest salaries.
In the aggregate, taking the departments to-
gether, either including or excluding the clerical
force employed by the two houses of Congress,
the Democrats were in a large majority.
In making the above statement, those who had
held their appointments for a number of years, and
whose political opinions were not known, were
counted as Whigs: none were counted as Demo-
crats but those who were openly and avowedly of
that political faith.
More than one third of the offices in the various
departments in Washington were held by natives
of Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Co-
lumbia.
This statement was furnished by a gentleman,
not in any way connected with the Government,
whose statements he (Mr. C.) believed to be
perfectly reliable.
In conclusion, he (Mr. C.) remarked, that his
ohject had been to place these facts upon record,
that they might go out to the country with this
debate.
Mr. C. having concluded,
Mr. JOHJXSON, ot Tennessee, obtained the
floor. He said that he did not intend to discuss
the question, now before the committee, in a party
point of view. He did not intend to arraign the
Administration for any inconsistencies, nor to ar-
raign the heads of departments for (heir inconsist-
encies; nor was it his intention to discuss the
proposition in relation to thcappoiritment of clerks,
or the conripensation'awarded to these clerks when
they were appointed. He saw that the time lim-
ited for the debate on this bill was about to expire;
and he had risen for the purpose of calling the at-
tention of the committee to one important provision
contained in it.
Bat before he porceeded to speak to the point to
which he had mainly risen, he would like to put
one inquiry to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,] and it was this, Where did the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means get the power to make
reports to this House m relation to the Patent
Office? There was in this House a Committee on
the Patent Office; there was a Committee on Public
Buildings, and why the Committee of Ways and
Means should take it upon themselves to travel
so far beyond the legitimate sphere of their duties,
as to make a report, m a deficiency bill, of an
Item of some ninety thousand dollars to complete
the wings of the Patent-Office, recently commenced,
he did not understand. He did not know from
whence the authority came. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and who seemed to be so
familiar with the details of business in this House,
and so conversant with the duties devolving upon
its various committees, could probably give the
House some information on this point. Here
were two committees, to one of which the subject
to which he was directing his remarks properly
belonged.
The item to which he referred, would be found
at page 7 of the bill, line 153 to line 156. It appro-
priated—
< Toward the erection of the wings of the Patent Office
binding, according to the original plan, under the dnection
of the Secretary of Slate, $80,000, to be paid out of the
patent fund."
During the last session, a large sum was appro-
priated by Congress for the erection of the wing
now in progress, in addition to the Patent-Office.
That sum, it appealed, had given out, and now we
are asked for $90,000 more. Would it not have
been better that the Committee on Patents should
have examined the subject, and reported as to the
necessity for this addition to the building, instead
of voting another appropriation of $90,000, on the
mere report of the Committee of Ways and Means?
He would, at a proper time, move to strike out
" ninety" and insert " ten," so as to limit the ap-
propriation to $10,000. He was not disposed to
strike out the appropriation altogether, because a
number of laborers and mechanics had been em-
ployed on the building, and it was proper that
they should be paid.
He thought it would be betier to throw away
what had been already expended, with this addi-
tional $10 000, than to continue this building. He
knew that it would be said that this appropriation
was to be taken out of the patent fund; that there
was a large balance in the Treasury to the credit of
that fund; and that it was proper that this fund
should be applied for the benefit of the patentees,
who had an interest in the building.
Now, how did the fact stand? The amount
taken out of the Treasury for this building, is
$417,000. Deducting the different sums authorized
to be taken from the""fmtent fund, there now re-
mains a balance of $139,000 due to the Treas-
ury. The fund was now indebted to the Treas-
ury $139,000. It was better to throw away that,
and the $10,000 he now proposed, than to continue
these appropriations; and the public would gain i
by it.
There was another inquiry to which he would
call the attention of the House. Are these wings
necessary? are they required for the use of the
Patent Office? The Secretary of the Interior had
stated in his report, that they were not necessaiy
for the purposes of the Patent Office. He hoped
that, without distinction of party, Whigs and
Democrats would act together in making retrench-
ments in this item; and he thought that the pres-
ent moment, when paities were m some measure
split up, was favorable for making such an appeal.
[Here Mr. Johnson read an extract fiom the
report of Mr. Ewtng, in which it is stated that the
additions to the Patent Office Building, now in pro-
gress, are not necessary for the use of the Patent
Office.]
Mr. Ewbank, the Commissioner of Patents, had
also in his report, slated that "these additional
' wings are not necessary for the Patent-Office, but
' for the accommodation of the other branches of
' the Executive departments."
What, then, are we building these wings for?
Are they needed, or are they not needed? Are
they for the use of the Patent Office, or are they
not? The Secretary of the Interior says they aie
not; (he Commissioner of Patents says they are
not. What is this appropriation repoited for, when
these officers say these addiuons are riot lequired ?
If they are not wnnted for the use of the Patent-
Office, what are they wanttd for? Is theie some-
thing behind what appears on the face of the mat-
ter? Was it intended to make preparation for the
establishment of a new bureau ? Was it proposed
to effect in this way some object which gentle-
men were afraid to disclose in open day ? Did
they intend to prepare for something which was
not called for by the wants of the country ? He
saw no good reason why this clause should not
be stricken out.
He then went on to comment on the extension
which had been made of the original design, both
as to the size arid the cost of the building. It
was evident, that the building could not be com-
pleted at a less cost than a million of dollars; and
is this a time to expend this large sum, when the
Secretary of the Intel ior has told us that the neces-
sities of the Patent Office do not require it? The
Secretary of the Treasury has suggested to us the
propriety of making retrenchments, stating that
he will be compelled to go into the market to
borrow money. The President has also informed
us that a loan will be necessary; and shall we
go on and fix on the Government a new and un-
necessary expenditure of a million of dollars?
Should the House be indisposed to strike out
this item of expenditure altogether, he thought
that, at all events, the action of this House ought
to be suspended on the subject. He was the moce
strongly disposed to press this suspension, because
there was, at this moment, an allegaiion pending
in this House, of great frauds which had been
practised in that department; and when memorials
have been pouring in, in relation to these frauds,
it was proper that the Committee on Patents
should have an opportunity to investigate this sub-
ject, and ascertain if any frauds have been perpe-
trated, what they are, and to what extent they
have gone, before we act in tlus matter. While
this investigation is pending, it must be obvious to
every one, that it is proper to suspend action on
this appropriation for a short time, if we do not
reject it altogether.
He did not intend to take party grounds, in rela-
tion to this matter. He thought that at this mo-
ment, when the propriety of retrenchment of our
expenditures was apparent, that theie ought to be
no such appropriation as isheie asked for, to com-
plete additions which have been declared not to be
necessary for the uses of the Patent-Office.
He would say no more on the subject, except lo
repeat that, at a proper time, he would move to
amend the bill in the clause he had named, by
striking out ninety thousand, and insetting ten or
five thousand.
Mr. CALVIN rose and took ihe ground, that
these clerks had performed the duties which were
assigned them, and that they ought to he paid for
their services, and that, in the employment of these
cleiks, the Secretary of the Interior was not charge-
able with any usurpation of power. The services of
these clerks were deemed necessary, to enable the
Secretary of the lnieiior to perform the duties en-
joined on him by law; and the simple inquiry is,
shall they be paid for these seivices, or shall they
not? It is a veiy plain proposition. It was too
plain to require any discussion; and he did not
rise for the purpose of discussing it. liut he had
risen with a view to say a few woids on that poi-
tinn of this bill which had been referred to by the
gentleman fioin Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] al-
though he would not have it infeired that he agieed
with that gentleman in the remaiks he had made.
The wings which are now in progtess to the
Patent Office, are necessary. They aie not neces-
sary for the use of the Paunt-OfFue, but they will
be lequited for the accommodation of the other
branches of the Department of the Interior. For
some years past, it has been found necessary lo
[my high rents for rooms which were required for
the accommodation of the various branches of the
Government. On this gtound, therefore, he dis-
sented from the propiicty of striking out this ap-
propi lation.
He intended, however, to move to amend the
bill ill this clause, by sinking out the la.st few
words—" to he paid out of the patent fund." The
gentleman from Tennessee had named the amounts
which had already been paid out of this fund, (t
was now proposed to take $90,000 more out of the
fund. He was in lavor of appiopiiaiing the
amount asked, hut he wus not prepared to take it
from the patent fund.
It had been correctly shown by the gentleman
from Tennessee, that the Secretary of the Intel ior,
and the Commissioner of Patents, had slated that
these additional buildings weie not necessary for
the use of the Patent-Office. It was well known
that ihe numerous artu les which had been co!U cted
and brought home by the Exploring Expedihon,
occupied the upper flnnr of the present building.
These will shortly be removed and deposited in
the. Smithsonian Institute. After these articles aie
removed, there will then be sufficient room for all
the purposes required by the Patent-Office. It was
therefore not necessary, for the use of the Patent-
Office, that these additional buildings should be
completed; but it was.necessary for the accommo-
dation of the other depaitments of the Govern-
ment.
The Patent-Office fund ought, in his opinion, to
be set apart to defray the expenses of publishing
the specifications a,id drawings which were re-
quired to be circulated for the information of inven-
tors through the country, in order that, when they
comehere, they may be familiar with the names and
characters of the different inventions which have
been patented. Another application of the fund
should be, in compliance with the iccommendation
of the Commissioner, to the preparation and punt-
ing of an analytical index, for the purpose of
