572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
giving the country a full knowledge of the patents
recorded in the office, and the names of the pat-
entees. And asain,out of this fund, it would be
peculiarly proper, carrying out still the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner, to establish a
system of premiums for the promotion of the me-
chanic arts, and to reward the authors of merito-
rious inventions.
It was impossible to form any correct estimate
of the great debt we owe to the inventive genius
of our country. The spinning jenny, the steam
engine, the lightning telegraph, have, by their won-
derful operations, revolutionized the world. In
the course of half a century, the whole face of the
country has been changed, and we have succeeded
in annihilating not only space, but time; and if the
spirit of invention should go on as it has done, and
as we may expect it will do—if in one half of a
century, we have changed the whole aspect of
human operation—what may not be looked for,
before the lapse of another half century? We
ought, under the influence of a wise and far-seeing
policy, to apply this fund, as the Commissioner
of Patents has suggested, in the promotion of the
mechanic arts, and the encouragement of valuable
inventions. It was a beggarly system, to rob this
patent fund, the net proceeds of the Patent Office,
out of which large sums have already been paid: it
was a beggarly and miserable policy, to take this
fund and convert it to such a purpose as the erec-
tion of buildings to accommodate the other branches
of the Government. Has this Government become
• so poor that it cannot provide accommodations to
carry on its own operations ? Has it suffered a
spirit of parsimony so far to overpower the -sense
of justice due to the inventive genius of our coun-
try, that we will take the proceeds of their skill and
industry, and apply it to uses foreign from those
for which they were contributed. He trusted that
the House would exhibit a liberal feeling in this
matter, and not suffer this appropriation to be
taken out of the patent fund.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, said that, before this
debate was brought to a close, he desired to make a
few remarks, applicable immediately to the subject
of this bill. He regretted that the debate had as-
sumed anything of a partv character. So far as
he was concerned, he should not add anything of
that character to it. In giving his vote upon ap-
propriations to carry on the operations of this
Government, he should not be guided by any con-
siderations as to who it was that administered the
Government. In giving his votes, as a member of
this Mouse, for appropriations to carry on the
operations of the Department of the Interior, he
should acknowledge no rule of conduct but the in-
terests of that depattment; and he should give his
vote without reference to the fact whether Thomas
Ewing, or any other individual, was at the head
of that department.
The one main objection which seemed to have
been taken against the proposition "before the com-
mittee, was, that the Secretary of the Interior had
assumed to himself authority, not authoiized by
law, in appointing clerks, and fixing the amounts
of their respective salaries. This proceeding, it
had been said, grew out of the the necessity of the
case—that at the very last hour of the last session,
the bill providing for the organization of the De-
partment of the Interior had been passed, and
that no appropriations were made to cover the ne-
cessary expenses of its operation. It would be
recoliected, at the same time, that additional duties
were imposed upon certain officers—that certain
depai tments or bureaus of the Government, which
had heretofore belonged to the State Department, '
the Department of War, and the Department of I;
tii#; Treasury, had been transferred to the Depart- '
menr of the Interior.
Nov/, it was his opinion that the Secretary of
the Department of the Interior had nothing more
to do than to call upon those departments, and
they would have furnished him with clerks enough
to carry on the operations of his own particular
department. If, however, he (Mr. B.) had no
other objection, there was one sufficient in itself
to determine his vote against the appropriation.
Gentlemen might perhaps think that it was a small,
or insufficient reason; su^h as it was, however,
it was strong enough for him. It was this, that
all the salaries which had been fixed, were larger—
much larger—than the salaries paid to the officers
of the corresponding departments and bureaus of
thv Government. The bill gave a chief clerk at i
a salary of $2,000 per annum. That was the same
salary which was received by the chief clerks in !
the other departments. With that salary he would |
not interfere. He thought the chief clerk ought J
to have it. j
The second clerk, Mr. King, who drew the 1
requisitions of the various departments, had ]
his salary fixed at §1,800. Now, there was no i
officer of that grade—t. e., the chief clerks of the
bureaus—with the exception of the chief clerk of
the Sixth Auditor's Office—whose salary was
$2,000—who received more than $1,700. That
was the highest sum paid. The duties of that
clerk were nothing more than those of a teller or
clerk, employed m the banks of the city at a
salary of from $800 to $1,000—that was to say,
filling up blanks—a mere mechanical occupation;
yet the salary was fixed at §1,800.
Mr. Mix, who wag an old clerk, and could not
be affected by the passage of the bill, belonged to
the Indian bureau, and he (Mr. B.) would bear
cheerful testimony to the integrity and capacity of
that gentleman, as a clerk. He was emphatically
an honest man. He trusted there were a great
many clerks belonging to this class of men.
Sure he was, that Mr. Mix was one of them,
and he (Mr. B.) should greatly regret to see him
displaced.
Mr. B. then proceeded to trace the salaries and
duties of the other clerks, for whose payment ap-
propriation was made by the amendment now
before the committee; and having done so, he
proceeded to remark, that he could not sustain the
sweeping and general charge which had been
made by some gentlemen here against the clerks
of the various departments of the Government.
So far as his own knowledge extended, he thought
that the duties of the several departments were
properly and faithfully discharged. In his own
intercourse with them, he had found the clerks
courteous m their demeanor, and competent to the
discharge of their appropriate duties. Undoubt-
edly there had been bad appointments—appoint-
ments of men incompetent and unfaithful. It was
so—it must be so—under all Administrations; and
he thought that it was wrong, that if occasionally
one of them should be found neglecting his duties,
or spending within the walls of this Capitol that
time which ought to be devoted to his desk, to
make a whole class of men suffer for it, or that the
heads of the bureaus should be arraigned on that
account.
His objection, then, to this measure was, that
the salaries weie higher than those in the other
departments of the Government. Having been
connected with one of these departments, he was
enabled to speak from experience; and his expe-
eience would sustain him in the assertion, that the
rest, the most faithful, and the most competent
clerks employed in the departments of this Gov-
ernment, were those whose salaries were limited
to §1,000 per annum. They were young men
who came here, who had b#*en bred as clerks—not
broken-down politicians at home—who well un-
derstood their business; and if he were called
upon to select the besf clerks from the several de-
partments, he would select those of the class
which he had described.
As to their political opinions, it had been as-
serted here that there was a large majority of them
who were Democrats. He believed that his friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] if he would pass the
paper round, and let men sign it and tell their
politics, would find that he was mistaken. Let
each man truly put down his own politics, and he
had no doubt the gentleman would see that he was
in error. For his own pait, he knew men holding
office here (against whom he had nothing to say)
who, during Mr. Tyler's Administration, were ex-
cellent Tyler men; who, under the administration
of Mr. Polk, were good Democrats; and who now,
under the administration of General Taylor, were
good Taylor men and good Whigs. But he be-
lieved also that there were a great many of the
clerks who had no politics at all. Nor did he
think it necessary that a man in VVashington city
should have politics. He had no vote to give; and
he who would most strongly recommend himself
to his (Mr. B.'s) favor, would be the man who
faithfully attended to the duties of his office, and
who did not leave his desk in oider to be at the
hustings, or in the public ways, talking politics.
There was another item of this bill in refer-
ence to which—as he should not have another
opportunity—he desired now to say a few words.
He referred to the item appropriating $11,972 82
for the compensation of temporary clerks,employed
upon current business in the Post-Office Depart-
ment. In the Post-Office Department, the clerks
(he said) had had more labor to perform, and had
discharged it more promptly, than the clerks in any
other department of the Government. When
Amos Kendall came into that department- he had
found it embarrassed, in debt, and involved in two
large expenditures. The department was reorgan-
ized by him—his pride was aroused to relieve the
department of the debt hanging over it. It was
organized upon the most economical principles, (in
j 1836,) but when the machinery of the department
■ came to be put into operation, it was found to be
i short of clerks, and eight in the first place, and af-
| terward one, making nine temporary clerks, were
j given him. These temporary clerks were con-
1 tinued from year to year, until 1842, when they
; were made permanent clerks, and were continued
to the present ume—making the same number of
clerks now m the Post-Office Department as there
were in 1837. At that time there were about ten
thousand post-offices m the United States; now
theie were seventeen thousand, yet theie had been
no increase in the service. The reduction of post-
ages had doubled—nearly trebled—the amount of
letters passing through the mails of the country,
which had more than trebled the duties of the de-
partment. The letters which now reached the
dead-letter office, amounted annually to about two
millions, being a treble increase; and requiring
four hands, constantly employed, to open them,
while formerly they were opened by two persons,
whose duties were then far lighter.
At the commencement, too, of a new Adminis-
trat.on, there was a great press of business,
whether general removals were made, or not. The
applications for appointment, &c., all had to be
examined, &c., and occasioned as much additional
labor to the department, if -not granted as if
granted, with the single exception of the labor of
issuing the commissions.
The present Postmaster-General had informed
him that the services of these temporary clerks
were necessary, and that he had told these gentle-
men—some of whom were Whigs and some Dem-
ocrats—that if they came into the office, and per-
formed the duties, they must run the risk of
Congress making an appropriation for their pay-
ment. He (Mr. B.) should vote for it, because
he believed it necessary to employ these men to
to perform the labors.
With reference to the item appropriating for the
continuance of the work upon the wings of the
Patent-Office, he had intended to say something,
inasmuch as he had laid upon the table, a few
days since, a petition making charges in respect
to the manner m which that work was being car-
ried on. He should vote to strike out that item,
until there had been a full and fair investigation' of
the matter.
Mr. HUBBARD said: Mr. Chairman, if gen-
tlemen here have so much difficulty in getting
along, by reason of an unexpected increase of ex-
penditures in the public buddings, if they will sup-
port an amendment I propose to offer, makin- it
the duty of the Government, or proper department,
to dismiss from office, or public employment, any
man who shall make false estimateN of the cost of
any public building, work, or improvement, then
they may put a stop to these unexpected expendi-
tures, by the adoption of my amendment. The
man who makes them, if honest, should be dis-
missed for incompetence, and if competent, for
dishonesty.
Mr. MOORE said, I will detain the committee
but a few moments, as my colleague has antici-
pated me in the amendment I wished to offer. I
will, however, nay a few words in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee. He asks, where is the
necessity of makmg this appropi lation for the im-
provements at the Patent-Office? 1 will tell him.
1 have been informed by some of the mechanics
and laboring men engaged on that building, that
for the last three or four months, since the last
appropriation for that work has been expended,
they have been compelled to receive, in payment
for their work, a species of scrip or promise to
pay of the contractors, which, if they have been
enabled to use at all, has been at a greatly depre-
ciated value, or a large discount, and that, unless
some appropriation is now made for that building,
