1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
and if I had, I am sure that I should not regard
the Senate as.a proper place for mere critical dis-
sertations. Besides, sir, I am not sure that I
should not be somewhat induced to recoil from
the perilous task of deciding upon the literary mer-
its of others, from an apprehension (oftentimes,
as I chance to know, most disastrously realized)
that the punishment designed for them might
return to plague the inventor.*9' For notunfie-
quently does it happen that he who sets himself
up as the critic of other men's performances finds
himself in the end stripped of all claim to the re-
spect and sympathy of those whose esteem and
friendship he is most solicitous to ^ain. Indeed,
sir, I have never looked at the lines which I am
about to read without being forcibly impressed
•with the indiscretion of such as take upon
themselves, without beins: called upon so to do,
and without proper qualifications for the task, tiie
difficult and delicate duty of criticising the produc-
tions of other5;. For, sir,
<c Where's the man, who counsel can be-fow.
Still pleased to teach, and yet, not proud to know ;
Unbiased, or by favor or by spite;
Not dully prepos-estJpd, nor blindly right ;
Tho' learned, well-bred : and though well-bred, sincere.
Modestly hold, and humanly severe;
Who to a fiieml ins knits can freely show,
And aladlv praise the merits of a f >e? V
Blest with a ta-te exai t, \et unconiined :
A knowledge both of books and human kind ;
Gen'roiis converge; a ? oni exempt from pride ;
And love to piaise, with reason on hn
Lot us never forget that the same author says:
u vFis hard to say if creamer wat.t of skill
Appear in writing, or in judging ill; '
I5ut, of the two, 1(" < dangerou* is the offence
rTo tu e our patience than mislead our sense.
Pome Sew m that, bus number-* eir in this,
Ten censure wi ong tor one who writes amiss."
And again:
il JTis not enough vour counsels still be true,
Blunt truths more mischief-? than nice falsehoods do ;
Men mu^t he taught as if you taught them not,
Andthiug-j unknown pioposed as flung? foigot.
Without good breeding truth is disapproved,
That only makes superior sense beloved."
Mr. President, [ beg the Senate to recollect that
the scene now in progress has been several days
preadvertised to the public as the {( Battle of the
Books." Now, it somehow or other so happens
that the inimitable satire of Dean Swift, which is
known under this title, contains several things
well worthy of attention on the present occasion.
I feel specially called upon to read a few extracts
from it, in consequence of the cruel castigation which
my excellent friend Mr. Palmer has so undeserved-
ly received, as well as by reason of the introduction
of a figure of speech here which is one of the most
striking that occur in the " Battle of the Books."
I allude, of couise, to the figure of the spider fabri-
cating his airy palace from his own intestines.
You recollect the introduction of that figure, Mr.
President, I am sure, and you remember that poor
Mr. Palmer was sadly denounced and ndiculfcd
because he had not, in the pieparation of this book
of his, spidered himself into intestinal renown.
I rejoice to know that Dean Swift did not admire
the diameter of the spider near so much as that of
the bee, as will presently appear; and before read-
ing the extract to which i am about to invite at-
tention, I beg leave to say that I trust all which is
said by the good Dean about the bee and his in-
dustrial habits, may be applied to Mr. Palmer and
his book, whilst I cheerfully leave all that is said
in description of the spider to whomsoever shall
choose to appropriate the same to himself. To
begin; you recollect, sir, that this u Battle of the
Books" was a contest between ancient and modern
authors, imagined to have occurred within the pre-
cincts of the Royal Library, in London. The
battle is about commencing:
" Things wete at this ci^is (says the author) when a ma-
terial accide it fell out. For, upon the highest cornet of a
larjje window, th«-1e dwelt a ceilam <=.pidei? swollen up to
the fir««l magnitude by the destru tion ot infinite numbers of
flies, whose spoils lay scattered betore the gj.tes ol his pal-
ace, like human bones betore the cave or ->onie giant. The
avenues to his easile were guarded wi:h tin npike.- and pah-
sadoe*, all after the modern way of fortification. After yo«
had pi-^ed seveial courts, yon came to the centre, wherein
you might behold the c<m>table himself in hi- own lodgings,
which hail windows fioiiting to each avenue, and pois to
pallv out, upon all occasions of prey or defence, fn this
mansion he had fot some time dwelt in peace and plenty,
without danger to person by swallows from above, or
to ins palace by brooms from below ; when it was the pleas-
Uie or fortune to conduct thither a wandermu bee, to wbo-e
cuno-ity a broken pane in the cla-' had discovered itself,
and in he went; where, evp Ui.itintr awhile, lie at la-t hap-
pened to alight upon one of the outward walls of the spider's
citadel; which, j ieldnt0' to the unequal weight, sunk down
t' the very foundation. Thiice he, endeavored to force hi- ;
parage. and thrice the, crntre shook The spider within,
leeluigthe temble convulsion, supposed at tiist that nature
was approaching to her dual dissolution : or else, that Beel-
zebub, with all his leat >ns, \v;i< come to revenge the death
of many thousands of his subjects, whom hi  enemy had '
slam and devouied. However, he af length valiantly re- |
solved to i-s-ue forth, and meet hi=s fate. Meanwhile the ;
bee had acquitted hun*elf of hw Mils, and, po-ted &eeur ly
at some distance, was employed in rlehriMng Ins winj^ ,
ami disengaging them from the ragged remnants of the cob-
web. By this time the epxk;r was adventu^'d out, when,
beholding the chasms, the ruins, and dilapidations of his 1
fortress, he was very near at his wit's1 < rid ; he stormed and ;
swore like a madman, and MvHIed till he wasr< ady to hnr«t.
At length, ca-ting his eye upon tlie bee, and wi-elv gather- :
mir causesfiom events, (for they knew each other by sight,)
A plague split you, said he, tor a giddy son of a ;
I* it vmi, with a vengeance, that have made this titter here
Could not you look before jou, and bed—n'd? Do von
think I have nothing else to do (in the devil's name) hut to
mend and repair alter jour . ... ? Good words, friend,
said the bee, (having now pruned himself, and b^ina dis-
posed to droll.) I'll give you my hand and word to come
near vour kennel no more ; i was never in such a confound-
ed pickle Mtiee I was horn. Sirrah, replied the -pider, if it
were not for breaking <ui old cu-tom in our famiH, never to
stir abroad against an enemy, f should come and teach you
better m inner-. 1 piay have paticnee, said the bee, or you'll
eppnri vour substance, and, for aiisrht I s.ee, you may stand
in need of it ail, toward the repair of y our house. Rogue,
roaue, replied the spider; vet, methinks you should have
more respect fo a person whom all the world allows to be
so much your better. By my troth, said the bee, tiie com-
parison will amount to a very good je.st; and you will do
me a favor to let me kno<v the rea-on-s that all the woiid
pleaded to use in so h' p-ful a dispute At this? the spider,
having «weIleiS himself into the sue and posture of a dispu-
tant, besan hi« argument in ihetiue spirit of controvert,
with resolution to be heaitily scurrilous and anary, to urye
on hi* own reasons, without the least regard to the answers
or objections of his opposite; and fully predetermined in
his mind against all conviction.
' Not fo disparage myself, *aid he, by the comparison
with such a rascal, what art thou but a vagabond without
house or home, without stock or inhciitance? born to no
pnp-jesMOrt of your own, but a pair of wings and a di one-pipe.
Your livelihood is a universal plunder upon nature; a ftee-
booter over fields and garden-*; and, for the sake of steal-
ing, will rob a nettle as eas-ily as a violet. Whereas I am a
domestic animal, furnished with a native stock within tnv-
self. This large castle (to <-how my improvement- m (he
mathematics) is all built with my own hands, and the ma-
terial^ extracted altogether out of my own person.
am glad, nn-wered the bee, to hear you grant, atlcast,
that I am come honestlv by mv wings am! ruv voice; tor
then, n I am obliged to Heaven alone tor my tligl\s<
and mv iiiumc; and Providence would never have hotowed
on me two Micii gifts, without deigning them for the noblest
ends. I vi>it indeed all the flowers and blossoms of the
field and garden; but whatever I collect thence enriches
my-elf, without the lea-"t injuiy to their beauty, their smell,
or their taste. Now, for jou and your s-kill in architecture,
and other mathematics, [ have little to <-ay: m that building
of \ours thero might, for ought I know.have been labor and
method enough; but, by woeful experu nee foi u= both, it is
p'am, the materials are naught; and I hop^ you will iience-
forwaid take warning, and consider dutation and matter, as
well a- method and arl You boa>t indfied of being ofdiged
to no other cieatute, hut of drawing and spinning out nil
from yourself; that is to say, if we may judge of the liquor
in the vessel by what is-ues our, } on possess a good plenti-
ful ?tore of dirt and poison in your breast; and though I
would hv no mean* lessen <>r disparage your genuine stock
of eithci", ytf. J doubt vmi are somewhat obliged, for an in-
crease of both, to a little foreign assistance. Yom inherent
poitton of flirt does not f.iii of acquisitions, by sweepings
exhaled fiom below; and one insect lurtn^hes you with a
«haie of prison to d( ^tio^anotlier. So that, in short, the
question come* all to tins, whether is the nobler being of
the two, that winch, by a Jazv contemplation of four inches
round, by an overweening prid^, t{,eding and engendering
on itself, turns ail into and venom,
producing nothing af all, but tivbane and a cobweb: oi that
which, by a umw-rsal range, with long «oaich, much study,
true judgment, and distinction oftliuius, bungs home honey
and wax."
A truer description than this of Mr. Palmer f
could not well imagine. It is, in truth, by " a
universal ran£e"over the whole terraqueous globe, i
by <f long search, much study, true judgment, and !
distinction of things,"that he has fitted himseiffor !
the preparation of the book which he lias now !
brought to us for entertainment and instruction, I
and for the entertainment and instrucion of his I
countrymen and the world. I think he has no i
right to complain of being accused of possessing 1
none of the moral properties attributable to the
spider.
I hope, Mr. President, to be excused by the
Senate for bringing forward one other quotation
from the " Cattle of the Books" upon this occa-
sion, when it seems we will be compelled, whether i
we wish it or not, either to yield to dogmatical ■
criticism or resent it. What Dean Swift says of :
the Goddess of Criticism seems to me eo germane ;
to the question under consideration, and is so well
calculated to put us on our guard against the
sweeping" aspersions which have been poured forth '
so fiercely upon the head of the modest and ami- ,
able gentleman whom I am endeavoring to defend,
that 1 am sure honorable Senators will pardon i
: me for reading in their hearing in continuation,
thus:
1 " All things violently tending to a decisive battle, Fame,
who much tiequentcd and bad a large apartmuit formeily
1 assigned her m tiie regal libraiy, lied up straight to Jupiter,
j to* whom she delivered a fatihtu) account of all that had
passed between the, two parties below, foi, among the gods,
! she always tell* truth. Jove, in great concern, convokes a
' council in tiie milky-way. The senate as*emb2ed, de-
clares the occasion of convening them ; a bloody battle just
| impendent between two mighty armies of ancient and mod-
I ern creatures called books-, when in the celestial interest
was but too deeply concerned. Momus, the pan on oi the
, moderns, made ari excellent speech in their lavoi, winch
; was answered by Pallas, the protectress of tiie ancients,
j Tii° assembly was divided in their affections, when Jupiter
! commanded the book of fate to be laid before him. Imme-
J diately wcie brought by Mercury three large volumes m
folio, containing memoirs of all things past, pie^enf, and lo
come. Tiie clasps were o/^ilver, double gilt; the covets of
celestial tut key leaiher; Sid tiie paper such as here ou
Ktrih might pass almost for vellum. Jupiter, havuig&ihiitly
lead the deciee. would communicate tiie import to nuue,
, but presently shut up the book.
| •' Without thedooHol this assembly, there attended avast
number of light, rumble god*, menial servants to Jupiter:
'j tiiese are his ministenng insuuments in ah affair* htdow,
j They navel in a caravan, morn or less together, and are fas-
'1 tene'd to each othei, hk« it link of galley-slaves, b\ a. light
!' chain, which passes hom them to Jupiter's great ioe . and
yet, in receiving or dehvenng a message, they may never
i' approach above the Jnweft step of his throne, where lie and
i they whisper to each other, through a I rge hollow mink.
;1 These deifies are called by mortal reen accidents or events ;
'j but thf gods call them second causes. Jupiter having de-
' hvcred his message fo a cei tain number of these divinities,
i they flew immediately down to the pinnacle of the rt gal
1 library, and, consulting a few minutes, entered unseen, and
disposed the parlies according to their orders.
, " Meanwhile, Momus, fearing the wor^t, and calling to
! mind an ancient prophecy, which bore no very good face to
his children, the moderns-, bent his f|i«ht to the region of a
J malignant deity, called (Yhicimii. ?he dwelt on the top of a
i miovvv mountain in Nova Zembh ; thereMomu& found iter
^ extended in lierden, upon tbespoils of numbeiless volumes,
i halt devoured. At her right hand sat Igrioiance, her lather
and husband, blind with age ; at her left, Pride, her mother,
die«sing her up m the scraps ot paper herself had torn.
'! There was Opinion, her sister, light of foot, hoodwinked,
i; and head-strong, yei«iddy, and ptrpetuaily Uiirm.g About
| her played hei children, Noise and Impudence, Dulhif es
' and Vanity, T^'sjtiveness,Pedantry, and Ill-uiauners. The
j1 goddess herseil had claws like a cat; her head, ntul ears,
I' and voire lesembled those of an ass ; her teeth fallen out
'■ before, her eyes turned inward, as if she looked onh upon
herself; her diet \v,h the overflowing of her own gall; her
spleen was po large a? to =tand prominent, like adog of Die
1 fi'strate; nor wanted excret-cenci s in form of teats, at
; which a crew of ugly moru-teis were greedih suckins ; and,
i what is wonderful (o conceive, the milk ol spleen increased
faster than the sucking could dimmish."
; So much for Criticism and Mr. Palmer. And
'j now let us for a moment examine the book, con-
!: cerning fhe menlsof which this dispute hasanaen.
!i Mr. Palmer's work on "The Unknown Coun-
!! tries of the East,'; for the completion and printing
lj of which, under the auspices of our Government,
i an appropriation of $10,000 was recommended by
[: Mr. Walker, late Secretary of the Treasury, would
|j make a large octavo volume of about 3,000 pages,
'' which it was proposed to publish at a subscription
:j price of ^5 per volume.
ii The present work, relating to "The IndepenJ-
! ent Maritime Countries of the East, their pro-
!' ductive resources and capabilities for a profitable
!! American commerce," is in part extracted from
i the former work, with many important additions,
| more especially m relation to the Empire of Japan,
i| with its colonial dependencies, the Indian Aichi-
;! pelago, Arabia, &c. It was prepared by direcfion
!' of the late Secietary of State, by whom Mr,
!j Palmer was employed for several weeks in exam-
j inin# the diplomatic and consular coriespondence
| on file in the Department of State, relating to
j Chftia and the East, in order to assist the Secrc-
I tary m making his report to the Senate. For
I these services Mr, Palmer has never asked or re-
i ceived any remuneration, lie has expended sev-
; eral hundred dollars in printing extra copies of
his various memorials on the subject of extend-
' ins; our relations with the East, which have been
printed either by order of Congress or the Depart-
ment of State.
I I understand that Dr. Barabino, surgeon of the
1 United States squadron m the Pacific, has recently
' stated that Mr. Palmer's Memoirs, published by
I Congress, have been of great utility to our wha-
! iers in the Northern Pacific, by enabling- them to
! extend the spheie of their operations in the Japan
seas and Atctic ocean during the past season, and
where they have been lemarkably successful.
Those Memoirs have been translated and pub-
lished in thePiench, German, Danish and Russian
languages, and noticed with high commendation
1 by several of the most distinguished swans in Eu-
i rope. His first Memoir, addressed to Mr. Ingcr-
