lb 50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
573
they will either be compelled to quit work entirely,
or continue to receive in payment for their work
this depreciated sort of currency. Now, sir, it
seems to me this is a very hard case for these me-
chanics and working men of our country, a large
majority of whom, I am informed, are not resi-
dents of this District, but who have come here
from various sections of our Union, and are but
poorly able either to do without work, or lose any
portion of what they earn. And it appears tome,
sir, if the gentleman from Tennessee, or any other
member of this, House, who is opposed to this
item of appropriation, would only take the matter
home to themselves, they would pass the appro-
priation without any hesitation. Why, sir, sup-
pose we were dependent upon some higher branch
of Government for our per diem for this session,
and we could rcceive no pay whatever until the
general appropriation bill was passed, unless we
saw fit to take the promise to pay of our worthy
Speaker here, and if we were obliged to sell that
at a large discount—which I admit is hardly a
supposable case, for I apprehend his paper would
discount pretty well—yet 1 say, if it were so,
would we not think it a very hard cose? And if
it would be so for us, is it not equally—nay, still
more so for these hard-working mechanics and
laboring men, who are liteially and truly earning
their bread by the sweat of their brow? I do hope,
then, sir, that this House will not hesitate to pass
this appropriation, so that these working men and
mechanics, who have come here from various sec-
tions of our Union, to uprear these monuments of
utility and usefulness for our Government, may
be enabled to receive their pay in the good sub-
stantial currency of our country, instead of this
depreciated sort of paper; and I also hope that, the
appropriation will pass with the amendment offered
by my colleague.
Mr. HARALSON said, for one, he should be
willing to see these men, who had been in the em-
ployment of the Government, paid to the full ex-
tent of the value of the services which they had
rendered. Whether they were to be paid in the
manner now proposed, was a very different ques-
tion. Judging from the information which he
now had, he believed that this was not the proper
bill in which to make provision for their payment.
Nor did the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania propose the proper amount to be
appropriated foe the particular purpose.
The reasons which had been given by the Sec-
rotary of the Interior, for the employment of these
clerks, with stated and fixed salaries, were not
sufficient. The adoption of the amendment would
constitute, in his opinion, a very bad prece-
dent, which might be quoted in all time to come.
If Congress had heretofore been in the habit of
appropriating- mrbneys for the payment of clerks
upon the application of the heads of the different
departments, by whom they had been appointed,
and giving them fixed and stated salaries, it was
time, in his opinion, that that practice should
cease; and the sooner they took it from the heads
of the departments, the better.
In the communication addressed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to the chairman of the com-
mittee of Ways and Means, they had been in-
formed that that officer had employed, he (Mr.
H.) believed, nine clerks, with salaries varying
from $1,200 to $1,800, and they were called upon,
by the amendment now under consideration, to
ratify and confirm this action of the Secretary, by
jaw, and to fasten these clerks permanently upon
the Government, with fixed and stated salaries.
He did not undertake to say that the services per-
formed by them, were not equal to the salaries—
it might be that they were; but that which he did
object to, was the practice of allowing the heads
of departments, whether under Whig or Demo-
cratic Administrations, to appoint clerks without
authority of law.
But the Secretary of the Interior had not only
appointed these officers, upon his own responsibil-
ity, but he had also undertaken to fix their salaries,
varying them from §1,800 down to $1,900. He
repeated, that they might, perhaps, perform du-
ties equivalent to these large salaries; but it be-
longed to Congress to fix the salaries, as well as
to create the offices, and he trusted they would not
sanction this assumption of power upon the part
of the Secretary of the Interior.
The whole amount of the salaries, as agreed
upon by the Secretary of the Interior and his
clerks, was $12,500—not including the salary of
his chief clerk, which, it was proposed, should be
appropriated for in this bill, and to which he had
not the slightest objection. It appeared that four
of these cierks were now receiving salaries in the
different bureaus from which they had been taken,
and they were those who were receiving the very
largest salaries under this agreement with the Sec-
retary of the Interior. If they were receiving
salaries under one bureau, he (Mr. H.) could see
no reason why they should appropriate money for
their services rendered in another bureau.
Mr. HAMPTON (the floor being yielded for
explanation) stated, that this appropriation would
not increase the salaries of these clerks one single
farthing, nor could it take one single dollar ad-
ditional out of the Treasury. The proposition
simply was, to take their salaries out of another
fund from that out of which they were now paid.
Mr. HARALSONjasked, if the money was al-
ready appropriated to one fund for the payment of
these cleiks, where was the necessity, upon a de-
ficiency bill, for appropriating it to another bureau
for the same purpose?
Mr. VINTON replied, that the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior explained all that. The
Secretary had borrowed from the Indian and
Pension bureaus, to which these four cleiks had
formerly been attached, the money for the pay-
ment of their salaries, and the appropriation pro-
posed would enable him to return the money to
those bureaus. It was indispensably necessery
that it should be refunded.
Mr. HARALSON inquired of the gentleman
from Ohio, whether these two bureaus—the Indian
bureau and the Pension Office—were not under the
supervision of the Secretary of the Interior?
iVlr. VINTON replied: Exactly so. But the
Secretary stated that all of these four clerks were
necessary in the buieaus fiom which they had
been taken, and that, if this appropriation were
made, they would be returned to them.
Mr. Hx\RALSON said he would read the notes
concerning these four officers, contained in the
communication received by the Committee of
Ways and Means from the Secretary of the In-
terior:
l<Mr. Whitney and Mr. White worn, upon the recom-
mendation <>1 the Lite Commissioner of tile General Land
Office, tiansfeircd from thai office, and still u-ceivc their
salaries the«e."
"Mr. Mix wa% upon the recommendation of the late
Commissioner ot Indian Allan s.uansterred trom that otlicc,
and still receives hi© salary and attends to pai t of hw foimet
duties therein. The duties required of him, ui tins depart-
ment, are sufficient to occupy his whole time duung office
hours."
"Mr. Evans, on the recommendation of (he Counnis-
.sionei of Pensions, wa> lum-ferred from his otiice and still
receives his salary there."
It seemed then, that some of these officers were
now attending to a portion of the duties discharged
by them in the buieaus to which they had for-
merly been attached, as well as to the new duties
that had been assigned to them by the Secretary
of the Interior, nearer to his peison; and that,
although they all received their salaries from those
bureaus, it was now proposed to appropriate for
their salaries, to be paid out of the funds of the
office proper of the Secretary of the Interior. Fie
feared that this loose manner of appropriations,
if sanctioned by Congress, would lead to the abuse
of appropriating for the payment of the same sala-
ries i>y different bureaus.
He objected to the amount proposed by the
amendment, and entered into a calculation to show
that, even if all the cleiks appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior were paid, it would not be
necessary to appropriate so large an amount.
He wished to submit a very few remarks upon
another subject, which came before the committee
in connection with this bill. There were depait-
merits, as he leaint, where theie was a great ne-
cessity for an increase of the clencal force. He
alluded particularly to the Third Auditor's Office.
One of two things was true in reference to that
office—either that theie was very much need of
additional clerks in it,-or that the force now there
was very inefficient. If the clerks now there were
inefficient, they ought to be removed, and others
appointed in their places. He would not, however,
charge, or even intimate, that they were inefficient.
He was informed tint the delay m the adjud^a*
tion of cases before that officer arose from the
want of necessary clerks. There were complaints
on the part of some of his constituents—and, he
believed, very general complaints on the part of
the constituents of other gentlemen on this floor—
that many claims presented to this office, more
than twelve months ago, had not been audited or
adjusted. Some which he himself had presented,
more than fifteen months since, had not been acted
upon; and he was told by that,officer, that the de-
lay arose from the want of the necessary clerks, to
aid him in his business.
He (Mr. H.) was in favor of giving all the addi-
tional cleiks required in any department, where a
necessity for them was shown to exist; and then if
the business of the country were not transacted, he
was for holding the heads of the departments to a
strict accountability. He referred to the fact that
he had received from his constituents—from per-
sons having claims before the Third Auditor's Of-
fice, unadjusted—numeious letters inquiring what
had become of their claims. The office, with its
present force^ might be compared to the tomb it-
self—to that bourne from whence no traveler re-
turns. A claim once presented there was never heard
of after. He was happy to hear that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means was about
to move an amendment to increase the clerical force
in this office. He trusted it would be unhesi-
tatingly adopted, and that all the additional fore®
necessary would be furnished to that office. It
would lelieve the members ot Congress from much
trouble in looking after the long-deferred claims of
their constituents, and it would enable their con-
stituents more promptly to receive that justice to
which they were entitled at the hands of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said: I regret
that so little time is lett me to present my views in
this discussion, and what I shall say will be de-
Itveied in a most hurried, and 1 tear confused,
manner.
The first subject that deserves a passing; remark,
is the proposed amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] in relation to the con-
struction of the wings of the PatentOffice building.
I; In most of the rermuks of that gentleman I con-
\ \ cur; but he must observe the phraseology of the
|j bill, to continue the construction of those wings
j. " according to the original plan," out of the Patent
!; Office fund. He must observe and remembei, that
\ \ during the last Congress an appropriation of
'! $50,000 was made, upon a representation then
made by the Committee on Patents, that there
/ was a fund then on hand, derived fiom the fees
jl from patentees, sufficient to construct these wings;
j| and Congress agreed to expend this fund in the
!t enlargement of' the Patent Office, for the accom-
modation of those who had paid their money to
the Government. The §50,< 00 is exhausted, and
II the Committee of Ways and Means, acting on
(J the presumption that the law has been, and is
Jj now, in the process of being carried out, ac-
11 cording to the law as first adopted, recommend the
ji appropriation of $00,000, to be taken from the
ji same fund. This is all right, upon tne presump-
ll tion that the officers of the Govci nment have dis-
charged their duty, and are following out the
injunctions of the law.
But the gentleman from Tennessee asserts, that
new ideas and new plans have been adopted. Such
things and such rumors have reached my ears,
| also. It has entered into the conception of this
| Secretary of the Interior to build a house tor
j his accommodation*, plans have been adopted,
I winch will not only exhaust the patent fund, but
; require hundreds of thousands more, if this be
! true, it is an outrage—it is a misapplication of the
! money of the Government—and, m contemplation
i! of law, it is an embezzlement of the public money,
ji and will justify an impeachment of a public officer.
■' But this assumption is too important—too disas-
: trous m its consequences—to be made on bare iu-
! mor. To ascertain this fact, it is not the duty of
! the Committee of Ways and Means; but it is the
'j duty ot" the Committee on Public Buddings; and I
:! now here call on thi members of that committee to
examine into this matter—to ascertain whether a
;i law of Congress has been set aside, and the will
and taste of an executive officer substituted. Let
j; this report be made, and jf the facts turn out us
'■ the gentleman from Tenneosce supposes then to
ji exist, 1 will go as far as he will in the condemna-
tion and rebuke of the officer. In the meantime,
[ will act on the presumption that the functionaries
of Government have done their duty.
But, Mr. Chairman, I must again call the atten«*
