THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 26,
sol!, chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
House of Representatives, 27th March, 1846, was
translated and read before the Geographical So-
ciety of Paris, in July, the same year, by M.
Joraard, its distinguished President. It also ap-
pears in a new geographical work of M. Monte-
mont, member of the society, published at Paris
. in 1847. The new and reliable information given
by Mr. Palmer, in that memoir, respecting Japan,
induced the writers to presume that he must
have been sent by the Government of the United
States to the East on a special diplomatic mis-
sion, in 1845. And here, sir, are the volumes
which contain ample testimony of the, high esti-
mate in which Mr. Palmer's labors are held
abroad. 1 will first invitegRttention to the follow-
ing extract from the Nautical Magazine, publisher]
in London:
" The following interesting document, extracted from the
Washington Daily intelligencer, will give English readers an
idea of transatlantic notions on the subject of American
Commerce in the East. The author of the paper is A. H.
Fdlmerr Counsellor of the Supreme Court ot the United
JStates, and the communication is addressed to the Hon. J.
M. Clayton, Secretary of State to theUmom"
Then follows the letter of Mr. Palmer to the
Secretary of State.
The next testimony which I shall lay before the
Senate will be an extract from a French work,
"entitled " Voyages Nouveaux, par mer et par
terre, effectues ou publics de 1837 a 1847, dans
les diverses parties du monde,"&c. The author
■writes as follows:
"Venous maintenant au voyage mfime de l'Amdricain
Talmer.
, " Ce voyage, effectu^ en 1845 et public en 1846, vient de
procurer, entte autres r^sultats, des notions pi^eieuses sur
ie Japon, notions d'autarit plus dignes d'attention qu'elles
paraissent annoncer une 6re nouvelle et l'ouverture de rela-
tions suivies entre 1'Europe et cette contr^e, la plus recuse
de i'Asie orientate. M. Palmer a commence per consulter
les journaux et les rapports des residents hollandais & Nan-
gasaki, segl port japon.ris qui leur soit ouverl, et dans le-
quel 1'admiral fraucais C^eile amoui!16en 1846, & I'extr^me
• etonaement des naturels, qui voyaient pour la premiere
lois notre pavilion Hotter sur de si grandes machines de
guerre; puis il a recueilli par lui-mGuie, 6tarit en Uhm6,
sur I'intelligence, le ralfmement d'esprit et la civilisation
des Japonais, des particularires et des faits nouveaux qui
piouventla superiority de ee peuple remaiquable sui toutes
les nations asiatiques qui ^environment."
Then follows a long extract from Mr. Palmer's
first pamphlet.
The volume which I now hold in my hand is
entitled " Bulletin de la Societe de Geogra-
piii'e," published m Paris in 1846. It will be
found at the 103ii page of the work that the great
geographer M. M. Jomard speaks in terms of
strong commendation of Mr. Palmer and his re-
searches, and introduces an extended extract from
his pamphlet in the following complimentary lan-
guage:
" Aujourd'hui, je me propose,de l'entretenir de l'^tat pre-
sent du pays, d'apr&s un Wmoignage rdcent et digne de foi,
celui d'un voyageur americain, homine 6clair<S et, lion obser-
vateur. On y verra la confirmation des faits eurieux que
je vlens de rappeller."
I shall next read an extract from a volume en-
titled "Simmond's Colonial Magazine and For-
eign Miscellany, edited by P. L.Simmonds, Esq.,
Fellow of the Statistical Society of London, Hon-
orary and Corresponding Member of the Statisti-
cal and Geogiaphicai Societies of Pans; the Geo-
graphical Society of Bombay; the Literary and
Historical Societies of Quebec and New York; the
Literary Association of Barbadoes; the Polytech-
nic-Association of Antigua; the Royal Agricultural
and Commercial Societies of Montreal," Jamaica,
Barbadoes, Demerara, Ceylon, etc."
At page 331 the following notice of Mr. Palmer
occurs:
" Memoir, geograpical, political, and commercial, on the
present state, productive resources, and capabilities for
commerce of Siberia, Manchuria, and the Asiatic Wands
of tin? North Pacific Ocean; and on the importance of
opening commercial intercourse with those countries, &c.
By Aaton H. Palmer, New York.
"This is a valuable C'ongresMonal document, with winch
we liave been favored by the author, and winch may be
considered as an avant courier of an important work < On
tile unknown countries of the East,' oil which Mr. Palmer
lias been for some time engaged. The volume now before
us displajsgreat research, and affords much new and inter-
esting information relating to countries with winch scarcely
any intercourse has yet been opened up. We have taken
one ot the articles in our present number from its page«
There are two excellent sketch maps, one illustrative of
Northeastern Asia and the Asiatic Islands of the North Pa-
cific Ocean, ami another of the I.-ltmitis ol Nicaiaena
through which Mr. Palmer recommends a junction olwthe
Atlantic and Pacific Oceans by a canal, the length of com-
munication between the two seas being two hundred and
seventy-six miles, of which only about eighty-two miles
would require to be worked."
Now, sir, I am sure it will appear most evident
to all unprejudiced minds, that so far from Mr.
Palmer being justly subject to all the denunciation
and ridicule with which he has been visited, he is
a man of extraordinary merit, and well entitled to
our most respectful consideration and sympathy.
Sir, I know him well; he has been my fellow-
boarder for more than six months past, and it is
only doing l im justice totsay that 1 consider him
a modest, unpretending, and cultivated gentleman—
of the most amiable temper, and of the moat ele-
vated patriotism.. I certainly am not by any means
satisfied that this practice of publishing books un-
der the authority of the Senate ought ever to have
been introduced. It is still more clear to my mind
that great abuses have taken place at different pe-
riods in connection with this practice. For one,
J am willing that this practice should be-hereafter
dispensed, with. Malus nsHs abolendm est. But
I am opposed to making Mr. Palmer the scape-goat
to carry off all our former sins of this class into the
wilderness. Let us pass this resolution, and, if
you please, let it be the last of our offences in this
line. It is my special wish that Mr. Palmer's
claim upon our liberality may not be rejected, after
the extraordinaryassailment which has been prac-
tised upon him on the present occasion. The
whole matter, though, is with the Senate for its
consideration, and' I will cheerfully acquiesce in
whatsoever action may be finally resolved upon.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not propose to engage in
this "Battle of the Books,"but I think it necessary
to correct a misapprehension into which the Sen-
ator from Mississippi has fallen. I think the work
in question w,as never before the Library Com-
mittee. Some two or three years ago, Mr. Palmer
presented to the Senate a memorial, which was
made up, for the most part, of extracts from what
he called his forthcoming work. Upon the pre-
sentation of that memorial to the Senate, it was
ordered to be printed and referred to the Library
Committee. The Library Committee, of course,
had nothing to do with the printing of it, and it
was done by order of the Senate, not upon their
recommendation. While the memorial was before
that committee, and they were in doubt what to
do with it, Mr. Palmer suggested that there were
some alterations and amendments which he desired
to make. The committee supposed it was not the
proper time to make them after the manuscripts
had been ordered to be printed by the Senate,
without authority of the Senate, and t think it was
on that occasion that the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] submitted a resolution giving the
necessary authority for printing those amend-
ments, which, if 1 recollect aright, were mainly in
the map or chart accompanying the memorial. It
passed, and was reconsidered on the motion of the
Senator from Missouri, and the question was again
referred to the Library Committee, upon whose
recommendation Mr. Palmer was authorized to
amend his memorial. Some time afterwards a
Senator from New York, not now a member of
the body, [Mr. Dix,] proposed to the Senate to
print two thousand copies of this memorial, to
which the Senate agreed, and afterwards, on mo-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey, two hundred
and fifty copies were given to Mr. Palmer. I be-
lieve that to be all the connection the Library Com-
mittee had with the work. Mr. Palmer did pro-
pose, some time afterwards, to present to Congress
the whole work, and have it referred to the Li-
brary Committee; but we felt ve/y well inclined
to get rid of that sort of business, of which we
had too much, and we suggested to him that it
more properly belonged to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, or Commerce. And thus ended the
connection of the Library Committee, as I believe,
with the matter.
Before concluding, I must say, although reluc-
tant to do so, that I must vote against the publica-
tion of the work. It seems to me thai there is a
great disposition throughout the country to depend
too much upon the Government, when men should
rely upon themselves, and upon that individual
energy and enterpiise for which Government pat-
ronage can never properly be a substitute. This
is not confined to any class. We see it in the
general avidity with which men seek for employ-
ment under Government, turning from the pursuits
of private industry, as if they were disgusting or
unprofitable and inadequate, and honor and emol-
ument were to be found nowhere save in the pub-
lic service. The patronage of the Government is
now so often sought in Ihe publication of books,
that, if the practice be not checked, Congress is
Kkely to he converted into a great publishing es-
tablishment, that authors and editors may avoid
the risks of trade.
1 do not object to the printing by order of Con-
gress of any public document, of any report^made
to Congress or ihe Executive., by any officer or
agent employed for the purpose; whether in the
exploration of our own territory, or the procure-
ment of information important to legislation. But
when a work, which, however valuable, has been
written or compiled without such authority, more
especially if it does not bear directly upon the sub-
ject of our legislative duties, is submitted to us, it
seems to me clear that Congress should neither
publish nor buy, except a few copies for their
library.
I think it has become necessary for us—not to
go into particulars—to check this thing, and 1 do
not know any better time than the pi esent to com-
mence. I feel compelled, therefore, to vote against
this application, without, however, meaning to
disparage Mr. Palmer's personal character, or to
undervalue his manuscript.
Mr. BENTON. The name of Mr. Fremont
IB* been brought into this debate with a knowledge
that he is my connection. Certainly persons have
a right to use his name in debate if they please,
provided they conform to what is true. But Mr.
Fremont's name is brought into this debate for ths
puipose of justifying the purchase of books from
Mr. Palmer. 1 have no objection at all to any es-
timate which may be'put on Mr. Fiemont, be it as
low as it may, or any estimate of Mr. Palmer, be
it as high as it may. Blit I have to deny that there
is any parallel between the two cases. I have to
state, as a historical truth, that Mr. Fremont was
a lieutenant of the topographical engineers, and
under orders, written orders, proceeded to the
West ami made certain explorations and examina-
tions. Upon his return he conformed with the
rules of the service, and made a written report to
the department to which he was attached. lie
did that, and that is all he had to do with those
books. With what Congress did afterwards he
had nothing to do, for he went off immediately,,
under fresh orders, to make fresh explorations.
So careful was he to keep his name from being
connected with the business, that you may search
the different resolutions which, were passed by
Congress on the subject, and there will not be
found one of them in which one single copy of his
own reports was ever given to himself. No, sir,
not one was ever given to him. And every copy
of his own works that he ever received was a gift
from friends to him—the gift of myself, and a gift
from the Secretary of the Senate, who received his
proportion, and, knowing that Mr. Fremont had
none, gave him his own. Congress never bought
from Mr. Fremont, and never paid the millionth
part of a farthing for anything which he did, nor
did he ever ask it; nor did he ever tread the pur-
lieus of the Capitol to get a member of Congress
to do anything of the kind, and he would have
considered himself disgraced and insulted if any
member of Congress had proposed to pay him for
that book. He never pursued a member of Con-
gress to his house, or his boarding-house; he was
never seen, and would have scorned to have been
seen, hanging about the Capitol for such a pur-
pose. Nor, sir, did he ever take out a copy-right
for anything he did under the auspices of the Gov-
ernment. When he was working under the orders
of the Government he considered the products of
his labor to belong to the Government. He car-
ried in those products to the office to which he
belonged, where he was bound to make his reports;
and after that lie had nothing further to do with
them. Now, sir, is he to be quoted as an example
for purchasing these books from Mr. Palmer, or
from those who haunt the purlieus of the Capitol,
and follow members to their boarding-houses and
to the halls of legislation, besieging them to buy
their books—thousands of copies of them, and to
pay thousands of dollars for them? 1s it right
that he should be presented in that manner here?
Sir, it is a falsification of historical truth upon the
records of the Government, to present Mr. Fie-
mont here in any such manner—utterly a falsifica-
tion of the truth to present him in any such man-
ner—and he shall not be so presented, when 1 am
present in this Chamber, without the falsification
receiving the burning brand which is due to it.
