1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
Mr. FOGTE. If, sir, I had been guilty of that
Wttb which I have been charged, I ehould be un-
worthy of a scat on this floor. I spoke very
courteously of Colonel Ftemont, and. sir, I have
ever done so. The allusion to him by me was
merely incidental, as the Senator wilt recollect. I
was speaking in reference to the Senator from Tex-
as, and kindly charging; him with some inconsist-
ency in his own course, and by way of evidence,
stated to him that he hud voted for appropriations
of veuious kinds. A. certain map (Disturnel's, I
believe it was) and the publication of Colonel
Fremont's work being the most prominent in-
stances with which ! was acquainted in which the
honorable Senator from Texas had voted for the ji
publication of books and maps. I cited them when |,
called upon to mention a case in which my friend !'
Com Texas had thus voted. I stated in addition |j
that I thought my fi lend had in so voting acted with i!
his usual judgment, yet, that the pimple fact was, :l
that he stood committed to the principle involved n
in the resolution underconsideraUtm. I s>po!«\ as p
the whole Senate will bear witness, in no offensive j;
spirit, nor did f institute the least comparison be- \\
tween Colonel Fiemont and Mr. Palmer. And jj
yet, sir, thought such has been my conduct, lan- !:
gut)2;e of a highly disrespectful character has been jj
used in response to me; language to which, forcer- i;
tain obvious reasons, I shall not think of replying, ■
and wluch 1 could not fmther notice without an .j
entire want of sclf-rcspect. !'
Whdc i am up, I wiil say, by way of illustra- i
t'on of the course of certain gentlemen here, that i;
this Senate has been called upon, and I doubt not p
there will be further applications of th€ same
character, to appropriate ^90,000 for experiments
in electro-magnetism. I believe I voted for the
first proposition, and I certainly favored the ap-
propriation, because I thought it calculated to ad-
vance the cause of science, and to facilitate the
dc\elopment of important principles which other- .
wite might perhaps lemain undeveloped for an
indefinite period. But [ must say that 1 do not
understand how honoiable gentlemen, who urged
upon our attention this $20,000 appropriation m
furtherance of electro-magnetism, can feel them-
selves justified m pressing so warmly the objec-
tions which we have heard upon the present oc-
casion expressed to the resolution under consid-
eration.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say but a few words
I much prefer voting; to talking generaPy.
Mr. BUTLER, if this subject is likely to be
discussed much longer, I must move to have it
postponed till to-morrow, in order that v/e may
have an Executive session.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Texas j
is ent.tled to the Uoor. |
Mr. BUTLER. I was about to suggest to him .
that there is an amount of Executive, business ;
that demands our attention, and that perhaps we j
had better postpone the further consideration of !
the subject." I move that it be postponed till to- i
mo rro w. i
Mr. BRADBURY*. I hope the Senate will dis- '
pose of this question to-day. We have been a ,
long time engaged here with more pressing mat- i
ters, and thus far we have been prevented from ;
transacting our ordinary business by discussion, j
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the motion to [
postpone, for I find it will take more time to dis- j
cuss the question of postponement than to dispose
of the resolution before the Senate. j
Mr. RUSK. As I have been referred to in one j
or two instances by Senators, i wish simply to '
state that the documents for which I have hereto- 1
fore voted were official documents, such as I j
thought were proper to belaid before the country. I
I do not recollect that i have voted for any propo- j
tduon to purchase a book of this kind. With re- ;
gard to the map referred to, for the purchase of]
winch I offered a resolution, I will state that it i
was the one which was appended to the treaty
between the United States and Mexico. It is re-
ferred to as designating1 the boundaries in that
treaty. Everybody knows that a contest has been
<>-omg on, in which the State of Texas has been a
party on one side, and that she has come in for a
liberal share of abuse, official and private. She
has been denounced officially in another branch of >
this Congress as traitorous to the country—a !
charge utterly and unconditionally false; not a j
single citizen of Texas deserves such epithet*. 1
The map of Mr. Disturnel is evidence with re- I
spect to the boundary in dispute; and when Texas
was denounced officially by individuals who are
surrounded and guarded from any rebuke by their
station, I felt it to he my duty to my constituents
to call for the publication of a few of these maps,
that the truth mi^ht go before the country, and
that the people might see whether Texas was en-
titled to be denounced as traitorous. That*was
the reason why I voted for the map, so that if
charges were made against Texas, officially or
otherwise, the truth might go before the commu-
nity also.
Mr. FOOTE. I voted for it.
Mr. RUSK. There has been no vote tsken
upon it. But the proposition no*// before us does
not compare with those for which I have voted.
It is a new business entirely. If is one thing to
vote for this work, and a very different thing to
vote for official documents emanating from the
proper departments. The proposition now before
us asks Congress to patronize a work, to enable a
private person to publish it. It is a proposition
to buy three thousand copies of that book as a
justification for him to commence its publication;
and it is the sceond or third application for this
patronage. I object to this because I am unwilling
to make nnv invidious distinction. If we are to
patronize valuable works, of which the English
and French reviews speak highly, how many thou-
sands are theie of such books? Why, sir, this is
the age of books, and the age of discovery. There
are books on the subjects of phrenology, mesmer-
ism, biology, and various others which are ex-
citing the attention of the whole world, and of
which the European reviews speak as highly as
of Mr. Palmer's work. If we commence patron-
izing one we must patronize all. This is the very
beginning of this cla^s of application5?. The first
application on this subject, bv this individual, was
made, I think, in 18-16 or '47. The application
made in 1*48 concludes in this way:
" The e\|VMi?( e or a journey to Europe, and for procuring
and engraving on «toel a «erie« of the requisite map-, ch m*,
&c. fot the woik. will not pmbabh oxceul ten thousand «iol-
lais, fot wlnoh a special appropriation anil su'i-onpnon by
Con«iP'5t3 for two thousand to tim.-e thousand copies of the
work are respectfully solicited. Were tin* appropriation
and soib^onpUon to be immediately made, it could he got
ready for delivcty bv the fir r of January, 1P49, the copy-
right to remain mv propettv; the original map<, cliart«, hy-
riro'ji.iphical Mirvt'Vf Ike., that mavhe p ocured hv me in
Europe. to be deposited by me in the library ot Congress
unnn the completion of the woik.
All which respectfully submitted by \ our pycHency's
mo*t obedient servant, AAltON H PAL? IEK.5>
I do not pietend to pronounce upon the char-
acter of the work. 1 have not read it. I do not
know whether it is good or bad. My objection to
the proposition contained in the resolution is not,
therefore, on account of the character of the work
at all. But if it be so valuable as to call forth the
commendation of the reviewer* both in this coun-
try and m Europe, why will not the work publish
itself? Why is Congress a*ked to make an ap-
propriation of six thousand dollars to p'-.v for a
work commended by all the reviewers throughout
the world ? If it be so valuable, it can be pub-
lished upon private subscriptions. I suppose the
committee have examined the work, and are sat-
isfied of its general value. I have not examined
it, and if we are. to go into the publication of val-
uable new works, I desire, before I give my "vote
for it, to know that it will be absolutely necessary
for the business of Congiess.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I made some op-
position to the publication of Disturnel's map, to
which the Senator from Texas has referred, and I
did so for several reasons. In the first place, I
knew the map was radically wrong; and, in the
next place,! knew that if we passed the resolu-
tion, we should not obtain the map that the Sen-
ator from Texas desired: because, to correct sev-
eral errors, the pnbb&her had altered his piste, be-
fore publishing a new edition, and the new edition
was the only one which the Secretary of the Senate
could get. * I knew, therefore, that Jiis resolution
could not be answered; but that we should get a
different map, not that incorporated in the treaty,
which, therefore, would not. answer the Senator's
purpose in relation to the boundary of Texas. I hat
was my objecting. Beyond^this, I was originally
opposed to the purchase of this map when the prop-
osition was first introduced to the Senate, because
of the inaccuracies which the map contained^, and^
because anyone acquainted with the geography ot
the country could see, it was but a republication
of the topography of Humboldt's map, with nearly
all its errors in latitude and longitude still upon it.
Those were my objections to the map.
With reference to the particular book, I objected
to its publication because I wished we might con-
I fine our publications to the original researches in
' American geography, or to those researches made
! under the authority of Congress. Anything which
: is likely to go beyond that limitation is likely to
| put us at sea without a chart of any kind for our
guide. If the only limitation of publications is to
| be those works recommended as valuable by some
j committee, the Treasury will be exhausted in ma-
I king publications. Those are the reasons which
; heretofore I gave against publishing this book.
The reasons, therefore, which caused my objection
; to the map end the book are not identical. 1 be-
; lieve the book to he really valuable, and I should
like a copy of it as an individual; but I helieve we
' should not appropriate money to publish it. I
believe the map to be worthless for the proposed
; purpose, and that it would be discreditable to the
< Government to offer it as a contribution to geo-
; graphical knowledge. I do not want u as a Sena-
, tor nor as an individual; and for these reasons I
j object.
I Mr. RUSK, f wish to make a word of ex>
j planation with regard to the map. There were
| several errors with regard to latitude and longitude
■ only.
; Mr. DAVIS. Those are great errors.
: Mr. RUSK. There was a map of Mexico and
I Texas published by Mr. Disturnel in 1847. A
. copy of that map was appended to the treaty, and
• made a part of it, and that showed the demarka-
tion between Texas and Mexico. It was a part
; of the treaty, and as such was signed by the cotn-
! missioners, and is now in the State Department as
; a part of the treaty. That edition of that map was
exhausted with the exception of a very few copies,
and when the discussion arose various individuals
who felt an interest in, and wished to know some*
, thing with regard to this controversy, inquired of
I me if they could procure the map; for, as they
I heard the debates and read the treaty, they
needed the map as a guide in foiming their opin-
! ions. I saw Mr. Disturnel, and asked him if he
' had any. He said he had not, but that he had
,j the plate of the original map, and could make a
;j reprint of exact copies of the original. The reso-
l.\ lution which I introduced here required the maps
ii to be exact copies of the original map appended to
'! the treaty.
Mr. DAVIS. I take a different view of this sub-
i! ject from that taken by the Senator from Texas,
: and I think if he will consult his aulhoiities agam
he will find that he is wrong. I recollect that
■ when the proposition to purchase the map fell
, i into my hands, as a sub-committee, I decided that
:i we should not purchase the map, because the luti-
J: tude and longitude were put down erroneously,
il Tl.e publifher altered his plate,and subsequently,
when the Senator from Texas asked for the map
/ for the use of the Senate, the Secretory of the
'] Senate had to publish it as corrected, and the
map furnished was not the map attached to the
'■ treaty. 1 have seen the publisher of the map since
!' this question was before the Senate, a few days
'! ago, and he tells me he cannot supply the map
II unless he alters his plate, if you will give him
!' enough to pay for alteiing his plate, he will do it;
I' but he has not the plate now. He says 1 was en-
|| tirely correct, when I stated before that the map
l| could pot be furnished without such alteration.
!! Mr. RUSK. 1 have but a few words more to
• say in relation to Disturmd's map, which I think
\ has been inappropriately introduced into this de-
bute. Before I introduced the resolution, I con-
sulted Mr. Disturnel, who said if a large number
k were oidered, he. could so alter his map as to pro-
duce an exact copy of the map which is appended
to the treaty. The lesohuion which is now on
it your table requires that the Secretary should pro-
,l cuie exact copies, and if adopted, none other than
such could or would be procured under it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I should like to make
iJ some remarks upun tbis subject, but lam deteiicd
by the. c^nsi; eration that the time of the Senate
i will be much mors beneficially employed than in
| listening to anything I cr>n say. I wilt, thetefore,
! refnin from speaking, if we can have the question
taken now. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the
1 question of the indefinite postponement of the res-
,i olution.
