i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
ployed; and of the regular force of thatoffice, only
thirteen were Whigs. In this office more lemit-
vals have been made than in any other; so that at
this, time there is about an equai number of each
party. But, enumerating ail the removals made
since President Taylor came into office, there are
still in the employment of the General Govern-
ment, in this city, fifty-two more Loco-focos than
Whigs.
I thank the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
for the time allowed to make this reply to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,] and
submit the statement t now present, in confirma-
tion of what 1 said yesterday.
Mr. BAYLY then addressed the committee in
general reply to positions assumed in debate on
the other side of the House.
He said, Mr. Chairman, I have but few remarks
to make in closing this debute. I have listened
attentively to it, and I may say that not one of the
gentlemen on the other side have touched the real
point at issue. They have all argued to show
that these clerks have been usefully, and some of
them necessnnly, employed in the Department of
the Interior*, but that is not the point. That may
be conceded for the argument. But why were
they not obtained in the manner authorized by
law, rather than in violation of it? In answer to
this, which is the only leal point at issue, nothing
more is said than to read an extract from the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior.
Now, so far from the Secretary of the Interior
satisfying me that the. clerks necessary for his
department could not have been transferred from
the other departments, with die transfer of the
business which they had in charge, he satisfies
me of precisely the reverse, by stating, as a diffi-
culty, that which is 10 difficulty at all. Here is
what he says upon this subject :
"Important duties, requiting much clerical labor, wore
transfeircd from the President, and from the State, the
Treasury, and ihe War Depni (merits, to the Department of
the Int«rioi. The act provides for the appointment of a
Secretary and a chief eleik, Imt dnects the employment of
no other clerks, except in the provision, < that the PreM-
4 dent of the United Stales, on the recommendation of the
4said Secret >ry ol the Interior, may tian>.ler from the
i Treasmy Depai linerit propei, to the Department of the
< interior, such clerks in the office ot the Seeretaiy of the
1 Treasury as> perform the dutiot- over which the supervision
'and control are given, by this act, to the Secretary of the
(Jnterioi.'
" It was, however, ascertained, on careful examination,
that there was no eteik who conld he transferred by virtue
of till?* provision; jor although some part of the duties oj
several clerks, employed in the office of the Secretaiy of the
Treasuiy, was tran-.ferr<d to this department, yet there uas
not a transfer of all, or even the principal pat t, of the duties
of any one clerk. Therefore, on taking charge of the new
Department, I found that there were onerous duties, run-
ning into much detail, enjoinfd hy law to he performed,
and rio mean* provided to enable me to perforin them. A
great proportion w.n current bu>iner-s, winch required at-
tention from day to day, and would not hear postponement."
Now, what is the reason assigned for not de-
tailing the necessary clerical force from the other
departments? It is, that although there was a
transfer of the duties of several clerks, yet there
was not a transfer of all of those duties, and there-
fore they could not he dispensed with in their old
positions. Can anything be more unsatisfactory
than this? The remedy for the difficulty sug-
gested, was the simplest in the world. The sec-
retary had only to rearrange the duties of the
clerks, and it was removed at once. Where was
the difficulty, when a portion of the duties of
several clerks was transferred, and they thus re-
lieved, of imposing those that were left upon a
part of the clerks, and transferring the others, with
the business which had been transferred ? It is not
pretended that before the transfer of the business,
the clerks had too much to do. On the contrary,
what Mr. Walker, who recommended the creation
of the Department of the Interior, complained of,
was not that there was a deficiency of clerical
force, but that the duties of the Secretary of the
Treasury were too onerous; and the remedy he
proposed was, the creation of the l epartmentof
the Interior, the transfer of a portion of the busi-
ness of the Treasury Department to it, and the
creation also of the offices of Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury and Commissioner of Customs,
each with a chief clerk. And so far from its
being anticipated that the establishment of these
offices would create a necessity for a gnater num-
ber of inferior clerks, the precise reverse was the
case. We were told that the new arrangement
would add to the efficiency of the departments, by
a more perfect distribution of these duties, and
obviate the necessity for an increase of clerical force.
Bat how lias it turned out? Look at this very
bill. Besides the appropriation which it makes to
pay the salary of the Secretary of the interior
and his chief clerk, the Commissioner of Customs
and his chief clerk, the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury and his chief clerk, it provides for five ad-
ditional clerks in the office of the Commissioner of
Customs, and appropriates $6,529 for temporary
clerks in the office of the Comnvssioner of Pen-
sions; and I am instructed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to move an amendment to pro-
vide for nine additional clerks in the Third Au-
ditor's Office. And I may add, in connection
with the charge of illiberally made against us,
that, beside this force provided for in the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and the other departments
relieved by its establishment, we appropriate, m
this very bill, $11,972 for temporary clerks in the
Post Office Department, and provide for two
additional clerks in the Auditor's Office of that
department. Or, to speak in dollars and cents,
this bill appropriates at the rate of $52,900 per
annum to provide for additional force in the de-
partments. Still it is insisted that $12,000 more
shall be appropriated, and we are lecturcd for a
want of liberality, because we are not disposed
to accede to the demand. Sir, if we have eired
at all, it has been in being too yielding, and not
in showing a disposition to grant too little. Gen-
tlemen have not stopped here. Again, for the
hundredth time, they have reminded us that they
freely voted supplies to carry on the Mexican
war, and insist that we shall, in imitation of their
example, vote all the money which the Admin-
istration may ask for, for any purpose, as if there
was any analogy between voting money to carry
on a nation's war, and voting to increase Exec-
utive patronage. Gentlemen seem to think that
the patriotism displayed by them on the occasion
referred to, was so great that it will operate as a
perpetual political indulgence. JNow, sir, I do not
give them the credit they claim for themselves.
They did no mote than it would have been very
unpatriotic in them not to have done. But grant
them all they claim, and still I insist, they have
drawn upon it till it is wellnigh exhausted.
But, sir, what we object to, is the principle in-
volved. We do not object so much to the addi-
tional expenditure, as to the palpable violation of
law. Prior to 1842, the practice of employing
clerks, not provided for by law, had giown to
such large abuse, that Congress felt called upon
to correct it. In that year, it passed a law legaliz-
ing what had already been done, but in the fifteenth
section it provided, to guard against similar abuses
in future, "that no extra clerks shall be employ-
* ed in any department, bureau, or office at the
4 seat of Government, except dunng the session of
4 Congress, or when indispensably necessary to en-
* able such department, bureau,or office, to answer
' some call made by either house of Congress at one
' session, to be answered atanother, and not then,
4 except by order of the head of the department in
' which, or in some bureau or office of which, such :
' extia clerk shall be employed; and no such extra
'clerk, for copying, shall receive more than $3
' per day, or for any other service more than $4
4 per day, for the time actually and necessarily
* employed."
This is the plain language of the act of Congress.
To what extent, and upon what pretext, it has been
violated, we have already seen. 1 have been
asked whether I maintain that Mr. Ewing has
violated this law. I do; not only in its spirit,
but m its letter aUo. He has not only violated it
in employing cleiks not authorized by law, but
also in giving them higher salaries than the law !
allows in cases coming within its provisions.
Besides the pretext of necessity, what other de-
fence is made for the Administration on this occa-
sion? We are told that, in a few instances, the
law was violated in Mr. Walker's time; and we
are pointed to the case of a clerk with a small sal-
ary employed on the light-house establishment in j
the recess of Congress. 1 have no recollection of
the case, and I presume it escaped the attention of
Congress from the very insignificance ofit. But,
sir, can anything show more clearly, than this
course of argument, the necessity of Congress re-
buking this violation of law ? One slight abuse is
plead in justification of a still greater one which,
if not rebuked, will afford a precedent for still a
greater, and by this Pelion upon Oasa—heaping
of abuses—the law of 1842 will have been virtually
repealed by the action of the departments, and the
acquiescence of Congress. Sir, I protest agonist
it, and I call upon this House to arrest it. 1 do
not wish to withhold from these clerks the money
they have earned. If they will present a petition,
asking compensation for services rendered, and a
private bill shall be founded upon it, I will vote
for it; but I cannot, by voting for this amend-
ment, legalize what has been done. Sir, it is in
the nature of a bill of indemnity, such as is some-
times presented in the Biitish Parliament, but is
unknown to us. There sometimes is a case of
irreMstible necessity, where the " salus populV*
requites it. Such, for instance, is the opening of
the pons in a time of famine, when it is better
that the law should be violated than that the people
should starve. They suspend the law, and appeal
to Parliament to pass a bill of indemnity, as it is
called, legalizing the act; but it is never done,
except in cases of the most overwhelming neces-
sity. It is never done merely for convenience, no
matter how great. No ministry could stand for
a moment which should attempt it on a slight
occasion. Sir, it is a dangerous system—one in-
consistent with a Government of laws, and one I
never wish to see introduced here.
After some remarks in reply to Mr. Johnson,
of Tennessee, relative to the appropriation for the
Patent Office building, Mr. B. concluded, by say-
ing: The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Crowell] has
stated, that the offices here are to a great extent mo-
nopolized by Virginians; and they are reproached
inconsequence. A similar accusation was made
several years ago in this hall, by ugentleman fiom
New York, [Mr. Rathbun.] On that occasion I
replied to him, (said Mr. B ,) and 1 notonly showed
that Virginia had no more than her legitimate
share of the public offices, but less. 1 have no
disposition io go over the ground again, i adopt
and repeat what I said then; and I only refer to it
now, to give mean oppoitunity to make a perma-
nent recoid of it in the columns of the Globe, from
which, although reported in the papeis at the time,
it was accidentally omitted.
Mr. BAYLY having concluded—
Mr. OTISolIered the following amendment:
in line 155, strike out the word v'State"and inset t
"the InUuior, and superintendence of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings."
In line 156, strike out the words " to be paid
out of the patent fund."
The Chairman said that the amount was not
now increased.
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Hampton, [given at the head of this leport,]
and it was again read.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the amount
by reducing the sum to $11,486.
This sum, Mr. H. said, he had satisfied himself,
from calculation, was amply enough for the object
contemplated.
Tellers were demanded and ordered on the
amendment: Mr. Hampton, of Pennsylvania, and
Mr. McQueen, of S juth Carolina, were appointed.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 72; noes 88.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Hampton,
Mr. GREEN moved to amend it, by adding
thereto the following:
Provided, That thereafter the clerks shall be tianbfVrrcd
from the depaitiricnts in propmtiou to the buninfes trans-
ferred, to the I) partmentof the luteins, and nothing lerein
contained &hal! be consirurd to mnhoiue any incit ;ts-e tf
clerical force in the several depai tmeut«, in consequence of
the creation of the Department ot the Interior, above the
specification ol the law of March 3d, 1S49.
The question was taken by tellers, and, by ayes
88, noes 85, was decided in the affiimative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then again tecurred on Mr. Hamp-
ton's amendment as amended.
Tellers (Messrs. Peck and Bric.gs) were ap-
pointed.
And the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 85, noes 79.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The reading of the bill by sections was then
continued.
The following item being under consideration,
"For library, maps, &c.,for the office of the
Secretary of the Interior for the fiscal year, ending
the 30th of June, 1850, five hundred dollars,"
