ihib
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 27,
The y^as and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. 1-do not suppose it is strictly in
order, bur I appeal to Senators to allow the ques-
tion to be taken on postponing the question till to-
morrow, on account of the absence of the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] who offered
the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Mississippi make the motion to postpone until to-
morrow ?
Mr. FOOTE. Yes, sir; I do so to give the Sen-
ator from North Carolina an opportunity to be
heard.
Mr. BUTLER moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject.
Mr. BRADBURY entreated him to withdraw
that motion that the question might be taken to-
day.
Mr. BUTLER withdrew his motion.
Mr. BENTON moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he had desired to say
something upon this subject, but if the vote could
be taken he would abstain, and content himself
simply with calling: for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to, the vote, on a
division, being 18 to 18.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone indefinitely, and it was agreed to, as fol-
lows!
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Benton, Bradbury,
Bright, Butler, Chase, Davis of Massachusetts!, Davis of
Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodce ol Iowa, Dodge ot
Wisconsin, Downs, Felcb, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Ma«on,
Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Spruance,Tumey, Under-
wood, Walker, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Clarke, Cooper, Day-
ton, Foot< , Green, Hamlin, Morton, Phelps, Soul6, Stur-
geon, and Winthrop—13.
EXPENDITURES FOR BOOKS, ETC.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to take up the res-
olution which I submitted on the 21st instant, and
have Jt disposed of, as it is calculated to throw
some light on the book business.
The motion having been agreed to, the resolu-
tion was read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he required
to ascertain and report lo the Senate the amount of money
drawn from the contingent fund of the Senate for the pur-
chase of books and maps by order of the Senate since the
let of December, 1844."
Mr. BENTON suggested that, if the intention
were to obtain correct information, it had better
gi back to the year 1832, which he thought would
cover all the ground.
Mr. ATCHISON had no objection to the mod-
ification, his object being to obtain as much infor-
mation as possible touching the subject, and he
would include the sums paid out of the Treasury
as well as contingent fund.
Mr, BRIGHT thought the resolution should be
so amended as to distinguish between the amounts
paid out of the contingent fund and out of the
Treasury.
Mr. ATCHISON expressed his willingness to
adopt this modification also; and the resolution
was adopted in the following form:
" Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Senate ascertain
and report to ihe Senate the amount paid out of flip contin-
gent fund of thf Senate, or otherwise, since the 1st of May,
1832, for documents, hooks, arid maps, (designating the
same,) printed or purchased for distribution, including such
documents as the extra numbers ordered indicate to have
been intended for distribution; distinguishing between the
amount paid out of the contingent fund and the amountpdid
otherwise."
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. YULEE moved that the Senate take up for
consideration the resolution submitted by him in
relation to fixing the time for the adjournment of
Congress. He thought that if it were taken up
and opinions interchanged, they might come to
some understanding as to the day.
The question wa3 then taken upon proceeding
to the consideration of the resolution, and it was
decided in the negative, there appearing only
twelve votes in the affirmative.
PRTVATE BILL.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration, as in Committee of
the Whole, of the House bill No. 81, being the
bill for the relief of Camfield Averill, and no
amendment being proposed, it was reported to the
Senaie, orderecfto a third reading, and was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Conference, on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the census bill, made the following re-
port :
u The conferees appointed on the disagreement between
the two Houses on the amendments made by the House of
Representatives to the bill entitled 'An act supplementary
to an act entitled an act providing for the taking of the sev-
enth and subsequent censuses of the United States, and to
fix the number of members of the House of the Representa-
tives, and to provide for their future apportionment among
the several States,'have agreed upon the following report,
and recommend its adoption to their respeetive houses: -
"1st. That the amendment of the House to the second .
section of the bill be ajrreed to, with the following amend-
ment to the same section: Strike out the word 'left,'in
the fourth line, and insert in lieu thereof the wofds 4 re-
moved from.'"
"2d. That the third section of the billsfce amended by
j striking out the fifth, sixth, and seventh lines thereof, as pro-
1 posed by ihe House, and by inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing: 1 Erifht cents for eaeh pasre of the two copies of the
origin.il census returns required to be forwarded by the
eleventh section of rhe act to which this is a supplement.'
" 3d. That the additional ee.ction proposed as an amend-
ment by the Hou«e be agreed to, with ihe following amend-
ment added: ' Provided, That the said Secretary may extend
the time for completing the census in California, Oregon,
(Jtnh, and New Mexico to such time as m his discretion
may be deemed advisable.' "
On the motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD the re-
port was concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting: a communication
from the colonel of the corps of topographical en-
gineers, with accompanying: papers, which he re-
quests may be taken as a supplement to the report
and map of Lieutenant J. D. Webster, of a survey
of the Gulf coast at the mouth of the Rio Grande
and its vicinity.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
ordered that it-be printed with the report hereto-
fore received on the same subject, and with the
like number of additional copies.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 31st ultimo, transmitting: a
statement of the commerce of Brazos Santiago;
which was ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. HAMLIN desired to state to the Senate
that to-morrow, at one o'clock, he would move to
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness,, of which there was now a great accumula-
tion.
Mr. BADGER approved of the course sug-
gested; and, that Senators might then be prepared
to come to the examination of ihe'immense amount
of Executive business before them in a happy state
of mind, he moved that the Senate do now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 27, 1850.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the Jour-
nal—
Mr. BURT interposed, and said that it was a
very voluminous Journal, and not a very im-
portant one. He moved that the reading be dis-
pensed with. He believed it would take some
forty minutes.
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, the
Chair will put the motion.
No objection being made, the motion was put
• and agreed to.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER announced as the first business
in order, the motion made last evening by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to reconsider
the vote by which the House concurred in the
following amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1851; viz:
" For outfit of charge d'affaires to Portugal, New Granada,
Guatemala, and Ecuador, $18,000."
Mr. VINTON inquired what would be the ef-
fect of the vote, if the House refused to reconsider?
Would the bill still remain before the House?
The SPEAKER replied, that the bill would re-
main before the House after the motion to recon-
sider was disposed of.
The CHAIR would further state to the House,
that upon an examination of the precedents of the
practice of the House, he found that reports made
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on which the previous question had
been moved, and the main question ordered to be
put, had heretofore been considered the unfinished
business, and came up the next morning. Al-
though this was not strictly in conformity with
the rulesof the House, as the Chair believed, he felt
very strongly inclined to follow this precedent here-
after, as he believed it would expedite the business
of the House.
Mr. GOTT inquired what would be thtf effect
of a motion to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider?
The SPEAKER replied, that the amendment
would stand concurred in.
Mr. GOTT. I make that motion.
The motion was put and agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
"For salary and outfit of charge d'affaires to Nicaragua.f1
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 119, nays 55; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Ashe, A h-
mun, Baker, Bayly, Bennett, Bis«ell, Bokee? Booth, Bow ie >
Rowlin, Breck, B*ii?gs, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler,
Thomas B Butler, E Carnngton Cabell, Calvin, Campbell,
Cartfer, Casey, Chandler, Clingman/Cole, Corwiu, Crowell,
Daniel, Debetry, Di'> mick, Dtxpn, Doty, Duer, Edmund-
son, Nathan Evans, Evving, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gid-
din«is, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, GrmneH, Hall, I-Ialloway,
Hammond, Hampton, Haralson, Hay, Haymond, Hebard,
Henrv, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagt&nd, Howe, Hunter, Joseph
W. Jackson. William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson. Geo.
G. Kins, James G. King, John A. King, Horace M<mn,
Marshall, Maiteson, McClernand, McGaughev, Finis E. Mc-
Lean, Mcacham, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Otis, Peaslee, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reynold*, Rich-
ard>on, Rohbms,Root, Rose, Ross, Rumsey. Sackeft, Savage,
Schcnck, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sheppeid, Silvester,
S.-anlding, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Sianron, Richaid
H. Stanton, Stetson, Tavlor, John B. Thompson, Thurman,
Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins,
Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams. Wilson, arid Woodward—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Bav, Beale, Bingham, Bow-
don, Boyd, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, W. R. W.C< bb, Dis-
ney, Dunham, Featherston, Fitch, Gerry. Gounan, Hamil-
ton. Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hubbard,
Inge, A. Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston
King, La Sdre, Loftier, Littlefh Id, Job Mann, Mason, Mc-
Donald, Robert M. McLane, McQueen, MeWiIhe, Millson,
Morn-*, Morse, Olds, Orr, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Potter,
RobniMin, Pawtulle, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wilmot, and Young^-55.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment being under consideration,
viz:
" For the icliefand protection of mariners on the western
water*, $.">0,000, to be disbursed through the Secretary of
the Trca-ury."
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas93,
nays 98; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, A«h-
mun, Baker,Bay, Bennett, Bingham, Bokee, Bowie,jBowhn,
Breck, Bnggs, Buel, Bui rows, E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Casey,
Chandler, Clai ke, Clingrnan, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Deher-
ry, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Elliott, N. Evans, Gid-
dings, Gould, Grinnell, Hampton, Harlan, Hay, Haymond,
Hebard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, J. L. Johnson, R. W. John- .
son, J. G. King, J. A. Kmg.LaS&re, L"fRer, H. Mann, Mar-
shall. Maiteson, MeKi^ock. Finis E. McLean, Moore, Mor-
ris, Moise, Newell, Ogle, Old.-*, Ous, Phcenix, Pitman, Put-
nam, RejntiIds, Riehards-ori, Robinson, Rockwell, Rumsty,
Sackett, Schenck, "Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd,
Silvester, Spauldmg. Spiague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
Thurman,Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wentworth,
White, Whittlesey, Williams, and Wilson—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Alston, Ashe, Bayly, Beale, ftis-
sell, Booih, Bovvdon, Boyd, WilliamJ. Brown. Burt, Chester
Butler, Joseph Cable, Joseph P.Caldwell, Caruer, IV R.
W. Cobb, Colcook, Daniel, Dimmiek, Dixon, Duei, Duncan,
Edinutidsoti, Alexander Evan?, Ewine, Featherston, Fitch,
Fowier, freedley, Fuller, Gerry, GiJniore, Gorman, Got',
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Harris",
Sampson W. Harris, Henry, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland,
Hubbard, Inge, J W. Jackson, W. T. Jackson, A Johnson,
Jones, Julian, George G. King, Pieston King, Littlefield,
Job Mann, McClernand, McDonaldjMcDoweil^McGauuhey,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McQueen, McWiJIie,
Meaeham, Meade, Millson. Morton, Nelson, Orr, Outlaw,
Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Bobbins,
Root, Rose, Rods, Savage, Sawtelle, Stetson, Strong, Thom-
as. Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Toomhs, Venable,
Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Wildrick,
Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, and Young—98.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was;
" For the purchase of a site and the building of a cus,tom-
houye and post office at Cincinnati, Ohio, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
$55,0001 Provided, That the plan of the buildings shall be
