PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1850.
New Series ..No. 37.
the ship at St. JohnX New Brunswick, for Lon-
don, which would have amounted to between
*£900 and <€l,G0G sterling, but owing to the late-
ness of the season, the ship was obliged to put into
the port of Yarmouth, at the*entrance of the Bay
of Fundy, and. there haul up until the month of
April, at a very great expense^ and the crew of the
Ship, having been shipped in London, and thence
to return, refused to quit the ship, except on re-
ceiving additional pay.
The petitioner further states, that he has never
received any remuneration from any person for port
chargesincurredatFayal,nor for the loss of time by
said ship caused by saving the persons aforesaid,
{(thirty of whom, the petitioner has been informed
«and believes, were American citizens,) the loss of
freight, and the provisions consumed, and the
extra wages paid to the crew, and the wear and
tear of the ship consequent upon her deviation
from her intended voyage; that the passengers
•saved from the ship Caleb Grimshaw, were con-
veyed in the ship Sarah from Payal to New York
for the sum of <=£400—a sum scarcely sufficient to
<eover tire expenses attendant on the voyage. The
petitioner therefore prays, that Congress will be
pleased to take his case into consideration, and
grant him such relief as may seem proper.
The petitioner thus recalls an 'interesting event
which, on a previous occasion, I brought to the
notice of the Senate. I introduced a resolution of
enquiry, requesting a committee of the Senate to
inquire and report on the propriety of giving to
Captain Cook, of the barque Sarah, some suitable
testimonial of appreciation of his services on that
■distressing occasion. 1 now introduce this peti-
tion, in the hope that it may be thought proper to
make a just and liberal compensation to the owner
of the vessel, which rendered this great service to
the cause of humanity. { ask leave also to submit
willi this petition, proof of the facts which it con-
tains, together with a resolution, which 1 desire to
be considered at this tune, and which I will read:
Resolved, That the Committee on Nava! Affairs be in-
structed to inquire and rrport on the propriety of making
-Some adequate compensation to Ehsha W. Budd Moody,
owner of the British barque Sarah, for the losses sustained
by him m tlie leseue of the passengers and crew ot the
-American slnp Caleb Grimshaw.
f f there be no objection—and I trust there will
be none, as it is a mere resolution of inquiry—I
again ask (hat it may now be considered.
There being no objection, the resolution was
brought before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. KING. I supposed, Mr. President, that
the presentation of a petition, with a motion to
refer it to a committee would have carried all the
instructions which the Senator from New York
proposes* The object of presenting and referring
& petition, is to bring it to the notice of a committee,
£hat they may examine its merits and ascertain if
there is anything that it would be appropriate to
do, and, if so, what? Sir, I do not understand
this unusual course which the Senator has taken.
The Senator presents a petition, and at the same
time he presents a resolution on the same subject
Now, the petition will goto a committee, but the
resolution, under the rules of the Senate, will he
■on the table for one day, unless it shall be con-
sidered by consent of the Senate. Perhaps that
may be the practice in the legislature where the
.Senator has been, and he may thus have been in-
duced to take this unusual course here.
Some time ago, sir, I called for the papers in this
matter of the rescue of the Caleb Grimshaw. The
papers were furnished by the Secretary of State;
and when they came here, on my motion they
■were referred to tl e Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions; and on the next day, the Senator comes up
and submits a resolution to instruct a committee to
do what one of the committees of the Senate is
already engaged in doing—considering what re-
ward shall be given to the gallant men who ren-
dered this valuable service.
I think the course which the Senator is pursuing,
is wrong. If we are thus to overload our journal
with resolutions of instruction to committees, it
will be attended with great embarrassment. But
37
I merely throw it out, that we may not again in-
struct a committee to do that which one of our
committees is already engaged m doing.
Mr. SEWARD. A word of explanation is due
to myself in reply to the Senator from Alabama.
The Senate will recollect that long before the Sen-
ator from Alabama moved in this majter, and called
upon the Government or upon the Secretary of
| State for the information to which he alludes, con-
cerning the case of the Caleb -Grimshaw, I had in-
troduced a- resolution of instruction to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to inquire into that subject.
After the lapse of a fortnight or three weeks, the
Senator from Alabama moved his resolution, call-
ing for the papers in this case, and when the pa-
pers were received, as my resolution on that sub-
ject had been for some time lying upon the table,
I asked the Senate to refer it, with those papers, to
a committee. I think in that I was perfectly jus-
tified. I think, sir, that the transaction to which
I called the attention of the Senate, on a former oc-
casion, and to which I now call its attention, was
of a peculiar and marked character; and I think it
due to the interests I represent here, and to mark
my own appreciation of the conduct of Captrin
Cook, that I should introduce the resolution which
I have heretofore submitted. 1 am not aware that
there is any impropriety in the coursc which I hav£
pursued. If the Senator has any objection to it, I
can only say that he has the right to object. Sir,
I say nothing of the practice of legislatures else-
where. It is a long time since 1 have had any
legislature experience. I do not set up any expe-
rience of mine in opposition to the great experience
of the Senator from Alabama.
The resolution was then laid upon the table.
CHAPLAINS IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE.
Mr. BERRIEN. I beg leave to present sundry
petitions from citizens of Georgia, asking from
Congress the abolition of the office of chaplain.
As coming from a portion of my constituents, I
present these petitions in the fulfilment of my duty
to them; and I deem it proper, in the fulfilment of
what I believe to be my duty to myself and my
country, to state, that I do not concur in the appli-
cation made by these memorialists. I believe this
to be a time-honored institution, which came down
from the founders of our Government. I believe
it to be authorized by the Constitution, which
gives us'the power to elect our own officers.
I am desirous also to state, that the course
which has been uniformly pursued by Congress,
of appointing chaplains, cannot result in a church
establishment. 1 have thought it necessary, in
presenting these petitions, to make this brief
explanation, and I now move that they be referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
The petitions were accordingly referred.
Mr. WHiETCOMB presented the petition of
Elijah Corbin, and seventy-seven other citizens of
the State of Indiana, asking that the -chaplaincies
in Congress, and in the military and naval service,
may be abolished, and against any legislation here-
after on religious subjects.
Also, from B. L. Goodwin, and one hundred
and forty-four others, citizens ef the same Siate,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of David Gordon, and twenty-
five other citizens of Indiana and Ohio, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of Thomas Flint, and sixty-
one other citizens of Indiana and Ohio, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of William Kester, and -one
hundred and seventy-one other citizens of Indiana,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of John B. Walker, and one
hundred ana fifty-four other citizens of Indiana,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of J. R. Callihan, and one
hundred and seventy-three other citizens of Brown
county, Indiana, for the same object.
Also, the petition of P. H. Humphreys, and
other citizens of the same State, for the same
object.
Also, the petition of Ransom Riggs? and eighty- i
six other citizens of the same State, for the sam©
object.
Also, the petition of Willis H. Dobbins and
forty-one other citizens of the same State, for the
same object.
Also, the petition of E. Cox and sixty-four other
citizens of Indiana, for the same object; all of which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, asking that the office of chaplain
may be abolished.
Mr. DODGE# of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, to the like effect.
Mr. HUNTER presented five petitions, all nu-
merously signed by citizens of Virginia, to the
same effect.
Mr. ATCHISON presented five petitions, from
citizens of Missouri, numerously signed, to the
same effect.
Mr. MILLER presented five petitions, numer-
ously signed by citizens of New Jersey, to the
same effect.
Mr. SHIELDS presented two petitions from
citizens of Illinois, to the like effect.
Mr. TURNEY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Tennessee, to the like effect.
Mr. DICKINSON presented further petitions,
all numerously signed by citizens from different
portions of the State of New York, to the same
effect.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Jer-
sey, to the like effect.
These memorials were severally referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a resolution call-
ing for the cost of the maintenance of the African
squadron, and the number of deaths in the same,
reported it back to the Senate, with a request that
it might be printed; which was concurred in.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred tbeTnotion to print the
report of the Second Auditor, in relation to dis-
bursements for the benefit of the Indians, reported
in favor of printing the same; which was con-
curred in.
CASE OT J. ROBERTSON.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lutions
Resolved, That the Committee to audit and control the
contingent expenses of the Senate, inquire into the propiiety,
equity, and ju>ure, of makwg J. Robertson ?o«ne rem«nera-
tion for his ..rrest, &c~, in the month of December last.
The resolution was adopted.
MISSISSIPPI NASHVILLE CONVENTION.
Mr. FOOTE. I hold in my hand several joint
resolutions, recently adopted by the Legislature of
the State of Mississippi, having a vital connection
with the important questions which have, for
some time past, almost exclusively occupied the
attention of the two Houses of Congress, and
which have awakened an amount of solicitude and
anxiety in the public mind of the country, that has
been seldom heretofore called forth by any ques-
tions whatever. I shall ask presently that these
resolutions may be read, but shall desire no action
of any kind thereupon, until my honorable coi-
; league and myself shall receive an attested copy
! thereof—the arrival of which is confidently to be
expected a few days hence. I trust, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Senate will bear with me patiently
while I offer a few remarks upon the subject em*
i braced in these resolutions—necessary, as i con-
ceive, to the vindication of the State of Mississippi
; against certain unjust and unkind allegations, and
i important at this time, as explanatory of the true
1 attitude of that State, in regard to the convocation
' of the Nashville Convention. I should not be
i willing to occupy the attention of the Senate with
| these matters at the present moment, but for two
! reasons, which I will concisely state. The first
I is this: the National Intelligencer of this city, in
| several recent editorial articles, has dealt veiy
: freely in language of censure, in re'gaid to the
