578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
action of the Stale of Mississippi, in originating
the call of a Southern Convention. The editors
of this old and respectable journal have not hesita*
ted to run a regular parallel between the action
of the southern States at this time—in resolv-
ing to assemble in convention, for the vindica-
tion of their constitutional rights from assailment,
and for the counteraction of certain well-known
measures of threatened hostility—and the famous
Hartford Convention, the very name of which
has long been odious and abhorrent to all true
patriots. I shall not now, sir, indulge in the
language of recrimination, to which I am so
strongly invited. It is not my desire at this mo-
ment to do or to say anything which may beget
feelings of sectional unktndness, and thus obstruct
that speedy compromise and settlement of all ex-
isting difficulties, which all good citizens now so
ardently desire. One of the points of similitude
between the expected Nashville Convention and
that of Hartford is, as urged by the editors of the
National Intelligencer, that the Hartford Conven-
tionists demanded an amendment of the Consti-
tution, as indispensable to the security of those
whom they represented, which expedient of a
constitutional amendment, is asserted to be also
one of the expedients to which the southern States
have avowed their determination to resort,through
the medium of the Nashville Convention. On
yesterday, this view of the subject was earnestly
insisted upon by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who formally accused
the whole South of designing to demand some con-
stitutional amendment, impossible to be obtained,
m ordfr to pave the way to a dissolution of the
Union. This assertion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, constitutes my second reason for un-
dertaking, at this time, a defence of those who
have participated in getting up the Nashville Con-
vention. I do not know how I can prove more
satisfactorily the injustice of all that has been said
m regard to the designs and motives of the south-
ern States, in agreeing to meet, in convention, at
Nashville, than by reading a few extracts from a
document which hes before me, which is nothing
more nor less than the very "Addiess to the
southern States" which has been so emphatically
denounced by the editors of the National Intelli-
gencer, as one of a treasonable character. Those
who will dispassionately consider what I am about
to read, will not only be satisfied that there has
been, as yet, no organized movement in the South
for a dissolution of the Union, but that no radical
change in the fundamental Jaw of the Republic has
been seriously contemplated, much less insisted
upon, in any pait of the Souih. It would be
highly gratifying to me, and I have no doubt, un-
der different circumstances, equally agreeable to
the Senate, to have the whole of tins able and
patriotic address read on the present occasion.
But as I have only a few minutes of the morning
hour, dating which to perform the task which I
am now executing, I shall merely lay before the
Senate a few of the concluding paragraphs, as-
suring- honorable Senators that there is no part of
the addiess which will not be found, upon exam-
ination, perfectly to harmonize with the portions
now to be read in their hearing. After a clear and
forcible statement of historic facts, and an able
argument upon constitutional snd other grounds,
tho address proceeds as follows :
"Tin-* routrover-y is n most amrmmg one to t very iover
of the Union—Us blessing and glories. It is a dispute be-
tween Umrt.-en States on the one side and sixteen States on
tlie otht-rside, or ot fiiteen on each side, if Delaware should
fiatermze with the South. Tiiivatsor force on either side
can never settle the controversy by intimidation. The pa>-
sioiis of the parties may he good servants, but are had mas-
ter*. fnreie t, justice, liuunwmy, patriotism— ihe love of
the Union, a seti-e of us great advantages, and of the evils
of disunion—tiie spintof a pa«t generation of our common
anefMoi>, who arhn ved our independence, framed the Con-
stitution, mtificd it, and formed the Union—mutt cume lo
the settlement of tins que-tion in all the State*.  • « *
"The Union nai-t, and will, he pre^eived. The fl.tve
States, m re-i<ting such dan$reiou< and destructive u-urpa- j
tionsof the F* deral Government, ate defending the Con-ti- i
tuiioii and Union. Their po-iiton is wholly"defensive  I
defensive of their domestic relations, and theii'private rights j
of property—defensive ol their law?., upon which ih"<e j
domestic relations and rights of properly aic founded—d«- [
fensive ot their social and political existence as Stat< s; }
defensive of the Constitution and Union— dHeiu-ive of law, :
oider, and good government—of the right of the pt oj'le io !
govern themselves, In governments and lavs of their own I
making, throughout the world. It a cause which cannot '
mil before the iOeial philosophy. ;
" But should the non-slave States combine to epforcr; an?t- '
reclamation aets, and continue to pa^s Jaws lo pievent, the I
extension of slavery into the territories—should they further
also attempt to abolish it in the District of Columbia, and m
ail places purchased for needful buildings in the slave States—
should they also attempt, by an amendment of the Constitu-
tion, to abolish it in the tdave States themselves—what pro-
tection have the slave States against these aggressions, and
these dangerous usurpations ol undelegated power, under 3
Constitution by which they ought to be enabled both to pro-
tect themselves and possibly save the Union I In discussing
this subject, with a view to urge the States to ratify and
establish the Constitution, both Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Mad-
ison argued that the States*, as organized communities, could
successfully resist all such aggressions. Mr. Hamilton said
in the Federalist: 'Tfee separate governments in aConfed-
' cracy may aptly be compared with the feudal baronies,
i with tins advantage in their favor, that from the reasons
1 already explained, they will generally possess the confi-
1 dence and good will of the people, and with so important
(.a support will be enabled effectually to oppose all encroach-
4 ments of the Federal Government.' 4 So long as the separ-
>• ate organization of the members be not abolished—so long
« as it exists by a constitutional necessity for local purpose*,
4 though it should be in perfect subordination to the general
<■ authority of the Union—itwould -till be in fact and in the-
£ ory, an association of States or a Confederacy. The pro-
< posed Constitution, so Jar from impljwg an abolition of
4 the State government?, makes them constitutional pails of
( the national soveieiguty, by allowing them a*direct repre-
< sentation 111 the Senate, and leaves in their possesion
£ certain exclusive and very important portions of the sov-
i ereign power. This fully correspond-, in every rational
( import of the terms, with the idea of a Federal Govern-
< ment.' < Jt may safely he received as an axiom 10 our
i political system, that the State governments will, in all
< possible contingencies, afford complete security against
'.invasions of the public liheity. Projects of usurpation
' cannot ho masked under pretences so likely to escape the
e penetration of select bodies? of men, as of the people at
{ large. The legislature will have better means ofmforma-
'tion; they can discover the danger a a distance, and
' possessing all the oigans ol civil povvei and the confidence
' of tho people, they can at onee adopt a regular plan of op-
' position, in which tlity can combine all the resources of
' the community. They can readily communicate with
' each other in the diffeient Stales, and unite with their
1 common forces for the protection of their common hbeity.'
"Mr. Madison said: 'Buiainbuiousencroacliinentsofthe
' Fedeial Government, on the authority of the Slate govern-
' ments, would not excite the opposition of a smglt, State, or
e of a few States only. They would he signals of a gerieial
* alarm. Eveiy Government would espou-e the common
' caube. A correspondence would he opened j plans of resi&i-
'ai ce would be concerted j one spirit would animate and
' conduct the whole; the same combination,mshoit, would
' result from an apprehension of the Ft deial, as was produced
< by the dread of a foreign, yoke ; and unless the piojected tn-
4 novations should be voluntarily renounced, the *ame appeal
(to a trial of lorce would be made m tho one case as was in
' the other. But what degree of madness could ever drive
4 the Fedeial Government to Mich an exfiemity ?' If the six-
teen non-slave States, (if Delaware be included,) because
by accident they now exceed the number of the s-lave States
i by two, and can send a majontyot four Senator- to Con-
gress, although the slave States, at the ratification of the
Constitution, outnumbeied them by eleven, and because,
ako, they accidentally by their population, have a larger
share of repiesentative power to enable them to secure a
majority in the House of Representatives, and to elect a
President—if, from these accidental advantages, they deter-
mine, by a sectional combination, to electa majority of Free-
Soil and Abolition Senatois and Repieocntativce-,und a Fiee-
S01I and Abolition Pi esid jnt, and thus to make the Federal
Governmental! engine, «-tep by step, to destroy slave) j in the
fourteen slave Suites—first, by excluding slaver} from the
terntoiies, in Older that, by admitting new Stales into the
Union, they may increase the number of the non-sla\ e States
to three:-fourths; second, to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, or m all places whoie Congiess may exercise
exclusive legi>latmn; and lastly, to consummate tlie coin«e
of tyranny and usuipation by a change of the Constitu-
tion, and tlie delegation of an expiess power to abolish sla-
very m alt the slave States—what means ot les-istance have
the fourteen slave States tostcure their domestic lelat'ons,
their property, their equality of rights, guarantied to be in-
violable by tlieir constitutional bill ot rights, and their exist-
ence and independence as ,-ovei eign States, and efjiial 1110111-
bets of the Confedeiacj ? If the altf in tive presented by
the non-slave States be a dissolution ot their union with the
slave States>, or the abolition of slavery in ilic slave States,
either side ot th s alternative 1- a dissolution, heeaupe, if the
slave States submit to it, they cease to exu-t as States and
as sovereign parties to the Union. Resistance to ,-uch
usurpations, is the lr moral, social, and political duty. But
the usurping States declare all resistance 10 such laws on ;
the part of the slave States, rebellion, trea-on, revolution, i
and disunion. But these aie terms which pioperiy apply to 1
the u urpers of unauthorized power, however cunningly I
they may seek concealment, by an outcry against those who !
resist the usurpation to suppoit and sustain the Constitution j
and the Union. Are the sixteen non slavt- States sole judges '
of their constitutional power to destroy slaverv, and mny 1
they use the Executive aim. and the arm), the na'vv, and the :
Treasury of the Union, to force fourteen'sov ereign* States lo !
submit to laws abolishing slaveiy, bec-aiisc it io Ihc right of '>
a majority to judge ot the extent of their constitutional I
1 powers ? or, by their majority 111 Congres-, may thev repeal ■
the judiciary ct. and leotganutt (he f'i df ral judiciary, and ;
fill the bench wnh Ftee-Soil and Abolition judges, to\ua- ;
tain their usurped legislation ovei slavery? and would that '
court have jurisdiction 10 bring befo e it the fourfeejj .slave '
States, and the sixteen non-slave States, and to tr> and judi- 1
dally decide between them, as 1 ariie^ the question of con- :
stUiuional power? Could that court lender a decree or '
judgment between the parties, upon the subject in c ontro- ;
vei-^y, which *.hould have tho binding t ffect 01 resjwlicutaL ■
Could the FednaJ Govermntrit (nfoice such judgment '
against the slave States? 0
iv Such was not the understanding of Mr. J< flcrson Mr -
Madison, or the Legi<latures of Virg.ma, Kentuckv, and in- !
deed of ail the sla^e States, and of a large majority of the
people of the United States, when the alien and sedition lawa
were passed, laws of far less questionable nuthority than
I tows prohibiting slavery in the teiritoties. If this Union is
to be saved, which is the hope of eveiy patriot ihioughoui
| our country, and of every phrfanthropM throughout aie
I w rld, it k to be s.ived by the people of nil the States, fully
i understanding each other upon this dangerous subject of con-
troversy, winch mad enthusiast*, mistaken feoeialM«f aw<4
aspiring politicians have, during the last thirt.-five
used for purposes of national diheord and disruption, and
pressed to eiuemity.
"Beside and beyond a popular convention of the South-
ern States, with the view and the hope of arresting ihe
course of aggresMonTand, if not practicable, then m conceit-
tiafe tlie South in will, understanding, and action, the con-
vention of Mississippi suggested, as the possible ultimate
resort, the call by the Legislatures of the assailed Slates, ot*
still moie solemn conventions—ueh as should be regularly
elected by the people of those Slates—to deliberate, -pe.tk,
and act, with all the wveieign power ol the people. Should
in the result, such conventions be called and weel, they may
iead to a like regularly constituted convention of all the as-
sailed State*, to provide, in the last resoit. for their separate
welfaie by the formation of a compact and a Union, that
will afford protection to then hb< rties and rights. In such
a ciisis, in the language of Mr. Madison, 'one spiril will
animate and conduct the whole.1
"This is an important era, not only in our own history,
but i 11 the history of the world. Great events are at their
burh. By the improvement of steamboats, railways, and
ship canals, a revolution in the commerce and intercourse
of ihe world snuggling into existence. The connection
i of the Atlantic and" Pacific oceans, if not defeated by
i European Governments, muvt soon give to the United States
i a month'?, advantage m commer- e and intercourse with
! the nations of India and the P.icific ocean—an advantage
I whrch Europe ha  hitherto had over the United states, and
| which will reluctantly be relinquished. Already has Er.g-
i land endeavored to sow discoid between the Slates ot our
! Union, by declaring the abolition of sdaverv lo he the policy
' of her Government, which she will promote by all fair
! means, throughout the world. This unfiiemity policy, de-
; clared in a diplomatic coi respondent e with our Govern ment,
j with a full knowledge th >t our Union is a confedeiacy of
l slave and non-slave States, could have had no other purpose
1 but to weaken us as a nation, by dissolving our Union and
embroiling us in civil an servile wars. Our strength as 3
nation—our success m gaining the commerce of the world—
our future growth in wealth ar-d population—the cau?e of
human liberty, and the people's righ's throughout the world,
dcptlid upon our Union as it is. Let us be true to our trust;
Jet us pieserve the Union, and leave slavery to the natural
course of events.
We have thus discussed some of the most prominent
< onsidciations involved in the feaiful controversy, without
attempting a consecutive history of the ongm, progress, and
present aim of the crusade. That history has been aafft-
ciently given in the address of the southern delegation in
ti e last Congress, to whuh the resolutions of ihe central
and primary meet ngs in this State, and the proceedings of
the convention which followed them,may be regarded as
the response of Mississippi. What we have iu re oifcred,
in obedience to the order of our appointment, is respectfully
submitted,in connection with those resolutions aad pro-
ceedings, to you, as our brethren ot the South, who, with us,
are driven to the alternative of resistance or submission.
We urge them upon your serious, paternal, and patriotic
! examination,indulgiiig the confident expectation, that you
I will pfrcfive the piopnetyand nece^ity of meeting our
people in the general Southern Convention, proposed for
I the rifst JJondtiy of June next, and resting as-ured that
; u hatever may be the action of ibe Federal Government, at
; the present sesc-ton of Congress, the Sow^iwdl be cousoh-
j dated m vindication and de'ence of the Constitution, and
| will not prove ' recieant to her honor, her rights, het mter-
i ests, her history, and her destinv.
I ' *4' A. HUTCHINSON7,
| "G. WINCHESTER,
| " W. li. HILL,
: " W. L. SHARKEY,
; •' C R. CLIFTON.
: ''JOHN I. GUI ON,
"E. C. WILKINSON."
These, sir, are ihe views of ihe people of the
sovereign Stale of Mississippi, astieelaied by our
convention, through a committee of seven gentle-
men, who, in ability, pan iotism, moral worth, and
1 will add, devotion to the Uniu7iy are not inferior to
any seven individuals to be found in the whole
Republic. Who doubts now the truth of v. hat I
have so often declared here, that the people of Mis-
sissippi stand alone npon their constitutional rights;
that they rely exclusively upon the fundamental
guaianties so wisely provided by our venerated
forefathers, and that they are resolved to do all in
their power to pieserve this Union, by the only
means capable of securing its preservation the
maintenance nf the integrity of ihe Constitution
itself ?
But the National Intelligencer, in one of its late
numbers, instead of publishing the si Hole, or any
considerable portion, of this address, iias torn a
i single paragraph from its context, in ordei to prove
that the South, or at least the people of Missis-
sippi, have unconditionally resolved upon a disso-
lution of the Union and the establishment of a
Southem Confederacy. Ihat paiagraph is as
fellows:
'• BeMtle and brynm! a popular Convention of the soutii-
• ern States, with the view i.nii the hope of arresting the
| course ol ai^irrt smom, and if not prat-lu able, then to con-
: central*: the Bomh in will, tindervtfnuliiiff, and aelinti, th-.*
