1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
579
convention of Mississippi suggested, as the possible ultimate
resort, the call by the iegi-slattnes of the assailed States of
sfill more solemn conventions—Mich as should be regularly
elected by the people of those States—to deliberate, speak,
and act, with nil the sovereign power ofthe people. Should,
in tho result, such conventions becalled and meet, they may
lead to a like regularly-constituted conv< ntion of all the
assailed States, to provide, m the last resort, for their sepa-
rate welf.iie by the 'ormation of a compact and a Union,
that will afford protection to their liberties and rights. In
such a crisis, m the language of Mr. Madison, < one spirit
will animate and couduct the whole.'"
Now, Mr. President, does not every one per-
ceive the gross injustice done the committee who
prepared this address, in deducing from the para-
graph cited, the inference that the Mississippi
people are so resolved upon secession that nothing
else will satisfy them ? Sir, the true and obvious
import of the language objected to, is simply this:
the Constitution is to be maintained, if possible, hy
<dll legitimate mul honorable means. The obligations
of that sacred instrument are to he scrupulously
observed and executed, on the pan of the southern
States, while its faithful obseivance by other
members of the Confederacy, is to be demanded
and insisted upon. The guaranties in which the
South is peculiarly interested, are to be respected
by the free States of the Union in ail their scope
and amplitude. If in all these important points,
the North should prove unwilling to do justice—
which Heaven forbid—if the offensive enact-
ments menaced shall be adopted, and the griev-
ances already confessedly inflicted shall remain un-
redressed—then the southern States wiil assemble
in convention, to consult for their own safety and
welfare; and if justice shall still be withheld, after
all pacific and constitutional expedients have been
tried, and tried in vain, why then the southern
States may feel it to be a duty, forced upon them,
of seceding in the last resort from the Union,
This, I repeat, is the real and full import of that
portion of the Mississippi address, to which the
editors of the Intelligencer have applied language
of the most unmeasured denunciation. What is
shis but to assert, sir, that we live under a system
of Government which renders all tyranny justifi-
able, and oppression too sacred a thing to be com-
plained of—under which power, however obtained
or wielded, is entitled to triumph over right—under
which, in fine, freedom is but a name, and the ■
written organic law a ridiculous mockery ! It was
not thus that our noble forefathers thought and
acted, underwhich non-resistance to the most hid-
eous usurpation, is the bounden duty of all good
citizens, and even of sovereign States; nor was
it thus that, in a purer and more high-spirited
generation, public men either wrote or spoke. It
was not thus that Andrew Jackson expressed
himself in that famous proclamation, in which,
though rebuking nullification, he declared seces-
sion to be a just and proper remedy—to be
resorted to in any case of intolerable oppression.
It was not thus that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] spoke the other
day, in our hearing, when he emphatically declared
the same doctrine. Such was not the doctrine of
Philip P. Barbour, who asserted secession to he
the political arsenic of our system, to be resorted
to when all other remedies might fail. Such,
finally, was not the doctrine of Mr. Jefferson, who
oftentimes declared secession (or ''scission," as
he denominated it) to be, in certain cases of enor-
mous and long-continued outrage, the propei and
only remedy, i find the opinion of Mr. Jefferson,
on this point, very precisely set forth in the eulo-
gy delivered some v^ars since upon the life and
character of Mr. Madison, by Mr. John Q,uincy
Adams. Here are Mr Adams's own words, as
printed in the volume from which I now read :
'• Concurring in the doctnties that the separate Suups
•have d right to interpose, in cases of palpable infractions* of
the Constitution hy the Government of the United States,
and that the alien and sedition act- piesented a case of such
infraction, Mr. Jetfen-on considered them as absolutely null
and void, and thought the State legislatures competent, not
only to declare, but to make them so, to resist their execu-
tion within their respective bordeis by physical force, and
to secede from tfye Union rather than to submit to them, if
attempted to he carried into execution by force."
I will not enlarge upon this fruitful topic: it would
be quite easy to do so, and to retaliate upon the
editors of the Intelligencer, the illiberal reproaches
east upon millions of their fellow-countrymen",
who have given their formal, solemn, and deliber-
ate sanction to those measures of resistance, in
regard to which, whatever may be falsely or igno-
rantly said, here or elsewhere to the contrary, the
whole South, with slight exceptions, is at this
time united a one man; but I forbear; such un-
kind comments would be as unprofitable to others
as they would be disagreeable to myself. But I
cannot conclude, Mr. President, without announ-
cing to these venerable gentlemen, that they were
never in grosser error in their lives, than when
they asserted, in this morning's Intelligencer, that
" there is in the State of Mississippi no general
acquiescence in the propriety or expediency" of
the Nashville Convention. So far as I know
or believe, more than ninety-nine hundredths
of all parties in Mississippi recognize the ex-
pediency of this measure, and will sustain the
expected convention in every proceeding which
may be deemed necessary for vindicating south-
ern honor against menaced indignity, and south-
ern safety against threatened assaults. The.
worthy editors of the Intelligencer do not err
less surprisingly when, in the same number of
their paper, after publishing the names of the em-
inent gentlemen who will have the honor of rep-
resenting the State of Mississippi in the Nashville
convention, they express themselves as follows:
Very respectable gentlemen, but who, we cannot
' but think, should all or any of them get to Nash-
4 ville at the time appointed, will, when they find
'themselves so ill-seconded by other States, feel
i very much like fish out of water." Sir, I ear-
nestly hope that all occasion for the assembling of
the Nashville convention may be shortly removed,
and that healing, temperate, and patriotic counsels
may prove efficient in warding off the dangers
which now environ our beloved institutions. But
if the aggressions, to counteract and avert which
the Nashville Convention has been called, should
be persevered in, I can assure the editors of the
Intelligencer—and I speak advisedly when I say
so—that there will not be two southern States—I
doubt if there will be a single one—that will not
be represented at Nashville; and despite domestic
treachery, and all other causes, obstructive of united
action, ninety-nine-hundredthsof the whole south-
ern population will prefer any fate whatever to an
unconditional submission to tyranny. This I say,
who am known to be more inclined to the use of
conciliatory expedients than many others, and
whose love for the Union is only second, if indeed
it be at all inferior, to that unbounded devotion
which I feel for all that involves the safety and
honor of my native State, and the State of my
adoption.
I send the joint resolutions to the Secretary of
the Senate, intending that they shall be simply
read, without being regarded as offered yet for the :
more formal consideration of the Senate. i
The resolutions are as follows; j
Resolved, -That the expoMUons and\iews expressed by
the convention of the people of Mississippi, assembled m [
convention on the fir-t Monday of Octobei last, and m the J
address ot their convention, merit and receive our heaity i
approbation and commendation. i
Resolved, That it was the duty of the last, as it is the duty 1
ofthe present, Congress ot the, United States, to provide ter-
ritorial governments for California and the other ten itoriea
a<quire<i from Mexico, and all the citizens of the UnttVd
Stares residing in or removing to said territories, the gnat an-
tics of the Constitution, foi the protection of their civil and
political right", <ts recognized by Us provision-.
Resolved, That the exeicne by the Government of the
United States, of'a silent and passive jurisdiction over the
Teiritory o! California, in consequence of the failure by
Congress to provide laws for the government of said tei i ito-
ly, and for the equal and indisciiminate protection of all the
citizens of the United States removing to s-aid territoiy with
their properly, i-> in the highest degree unjust toward the
people ot the slaveholdmg Stares, by deterring them from
!_'Oin« to said territory with their slaves, and is calculated and
intended to deprive them ot an equal p.uticipation in the
common property of the people of ail the States.
Resolved, That the policy heretofote pursued hy the Gov-
ernment of the United States in teqard to said territory, m
reluming to provide a territoiial government therefoi, has
been, and is. eminently calculated to promote, and is about
to effect, indirectly, the eheiifhed object of the Ahoimon-
iots, which cannot be accomplished by dneet legation,
without a plain and palpable violatwn of theCon-titutioii of
t'ip United States.
Resolved, That the admission of California into the Union
a-i a t-overeign State, with its present constitution—the re -ult
of the aforesaid fal-e ami unjust policy on the part of the
Government ofthe United State*—would be an actof fraud
and oppression on the rights of the people of the slave-
holding States; and it is the serine of this legMyturr, fbat
our Senators and Representatives should, to me extent of
their ability, re&ist it by all honorable and constitutional
means.
Resolved, That while we admit the unlimited richt of the
citizens of any territory, in framing a State constitu ion, to
ingraft upon it any principles whatever, provid d the form
of government is republican, and in nothing conflicts with
the'Constitutmn of the Unit d States, and denv the right of
Congress to reject a State appluna for admission into the
Union, because its constitution either tolerates or rejects
tlje Institution of slavery, yet jn the c^«e of California, now
applying for admission, if our Senators and Representatives
shall be satisfied, from reliable evidence, that fiaud has been
practised, or improper influences used, to stifle a full and
fair expression of opinion, by the citizens of California, in
reference to the formation of their State constitution, they
ought to oppose her admission^ for that reason also.
Resolved,^ That we refer the subject of the admission of
California into the Union, and the circumstances and course
of policy which have induced its population so hastrty,aiid
in such an unprecedemed manner, to apply for admission,
to the convention of southern States, propo«ed to he assem-
bled at Nashville, on the first Monday in June next, to be
considered with other causes of complaint against the
people of the .non-slaveliolding States; and m the mean
time, we recommend to our Senators and Repre^pniatives
m Congress, to remain at their posts, and resist all further
aggression on our rights.
Resolved, That his excellency the Governor he requested
to forward to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress, a copy of these resolutions.
JOHN J.MrRAE,
Speaker of the House of Rejrresen'alh'cs.
JOHN J. GUlON} *
President of the Senate pro femr-otc.
Approved, March 6, lS'.O. J. A. QUITMAN.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. SMITH. I must now really insist upon
my right to the floor. I wish to remind honorable
Senators that I have had a speech on my stomach
for about two months. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKINSON. The hour for the special
order has not yet arrived.
Mr. SMITH It was understood that I should
have the floor nt a quarter before one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the resolution of the Senator from
Maine, relative to removals from office, was made
the special order for a quarter before one o'clock,
but the unfinished business of yesterday lakes
precedence.
Mr. SMITH. Not until one o'clock, the hour
for proceeding to the orders of the day. I sup-
pose I am entitled to the floor for a quarter of an
hour, at least.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of
the Senator from Maine was made the special
order for a quarter to one o'clock, and the hour
for proceeding to its consideration has now ar-
rived.
Mr. SMITH. I call for the reading ofthe res-
olution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Pre-ident be requested to cause to
I be laid before the Senati, all charges which have been pre-
1 furred or filed in anv of the departments against individuals
| who have been removed from office, since the 4tn day of
Mar h la->t, with a specification ofthe cubes., if an., m
which the officers charged have had opportunity to be heard,
and a statement of the number of removals made und^r
each department, including subordinates in the custom-
houses and oth^r branches of the public service."
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I have a variety
of considerations to submit to the Senate in con-
nection with this resolution, for the purpose of
satisfying this body, and particularly the honor-
able Senator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] that
his resolution is of a very singular and extraordi-
! nary character, and one that ought not to receive
the sanction of this body. 1 shall be constrained,
j in (fie consideration of this subject, to occupy
j more of the time of the Senate than I should like
] to do. There is the census bill, in the hands of the
; Senator from Massachusetts, which ought to have
j passed two months ago; and though lam regularly
I entitled to the floor to proceed with my remarks
1 now, yet if the Senate will be good enough to
consider these suggestions as the commencement
of the exposition of my views, which I design to
1 make, I am willing that the census bill shall lie
now taken up and passed. I think it ought to be
passed in half an hour; and with the understand-
ing on all sides that t may resume my remaiks
after the consummation of the bill, I will very
cheerfully yield the floor now, under a sense of
the. great importance of passing the census bill
without further delay.
Mr. KING. The Senate adjourned yesterday
upon the census bill. That is the unfinished
business, and takes precedence to-day of all special
orders. I make this statement that the hill may
go on now, and when the proper time atrives, us
postponement can be moved, in order to give the
honorable Senator from Connecticut an apportu-
nity of making that speech which presses so
heavily on his stomach. [Laughter] I trust he
may have that opportunity, but the unfinished
business of yesterday should take precedence with-
out the express action of the Senate.
Mr. SMITH. The honorable Senator is in too
great a hufty. One o'clock has not yet arrived.
I have at least a right to the floor till that hour.
