580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that, although the resolution of the Sena-
tor from Maine was made the special order for a
quarter to one o'clock, the unfinished business of
yesterday takes precedence.
Several Senators. Undoubtedly^
Mr. FOOTE. I rise for the purpose of appeal-
ing emphatically to the magnanimity and justice
of gentlemen on the other side of the chamber, to
allows the Senator from Connecticut to be heard. 1
am seriously of the opinion, that the Administra-
tion are entitled to that vindication from the charges
advanced in the able speech mb.de by the Senator
from Maine, some time since, which it has not yet
received. I say it is doing injustice to any Ad-
ministration—I say it, although I am utterly op-
posed to the present Administration—not to allow
at least one speech in their defence, against such
serious allegations, so potently urged. I do hope,
therefore, that our friends on the other side of the
chamber will allow the unfinished business to be
postponed, so that the Senator from Connecticut
may be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time for taking
up the unfinished business of yesterday has ar-
rived.
Mr. FOOTE. To what day shall I move its
postponement?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I cannot con-
sent to any postponement, so far as I am con-
cerned, and I do not think the Senator from Con-
necticut desires it.
Mr. FOOTB. I move the postponement of the
further consideration of the census bill till to-mor-
row. I am advised that the Senator from Connec-
ticut does desire it.
Mr. SMITH. Fr&m a sense of the public im-
portance of this bill, I am willing to risk my chance
of obtaining the floor when that bill shall be dis-
posed of.
Mr. RUSK. I should certainly vote against the
postponement, if I supposed we could pass the bill
to-day; but I am almost morally ceitain that it
cannot be done. I think we can get through the
other business—the resolution of the gentleman
from Maine, it is my opinion that, if we disposeof
some business, we shall probably get into the habit
of doing something; but if wc keep business before
us, which we do not dispose of, we shall do noth-
ing. The resolution of the Senator from Maine,
is a matter of some importance, as there are a
great number of nominations to be acted upon, and
vacancies to be filled, which can be done as soon
as the resolution of the Senator from Maine is dis-
posed of. I think the resolution may be disposed
of to-day, but I am very certain the census bill
cannot. I shall therefore vote for the postpone-
ment.
Mr. COOPER. I rise to express my concur-
rence in t(he views of the Senator from Texas. I
do believe that it is very important that the reso-
lution of the Senator from Maine should be acted
upon, and acted upon promptly, as important
executive business is being delayed by the delay
of the Senate in acting upon this resolution. I
hope the Senator from Connecticut will proceed
now, if he wishes to address the Senate to-day, and
that when he has answered the Senator from
Maine, the vote on the resolution will be taken.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts I hope the
Senate will not be disposed to compel the Senator
from Connecticut to speak to-day. He, as far as
I understand it, has no desire to displace this bill,
in order to obtain the floor, however desirous he
may be of addressing the Senate. 1 hope, there-
fore, thaf, against his wish and inclination, and
against the public interests, the motion will not
prevail.
Mr. DAYTON. May I beg to understand in
what position it will leave the special order of to-
morrow? Will the census bill then have prece-
dence over the special order of to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only as the unfin-
ished business.
Mr. SMITH. If it goes over to-morrow as
unfinished business, it will undoubtedly supersede
the special order.
Mr. DAYTON. I understand the matter now,
T think. The effect of this procedure on the part
of the member from Connecticut is simply this:
He gets the census bill taken up now, it,is passed
or further postponed, and he gets the floor for ten
minutes this afternoon, and stands in the position
of having the floor on the unfinished business to-
morrow.
Now, sir, with great respect to that Senator, that
day was appropriated to me.
I yesterday refrained from postponing a certain
subject till-to-day, on the express ground that the
Senate had allotted this day to the resolution of the
gentleman from Maine, that the Senator from
Connecticut might be heard on it. If he choose
to go on and occupy the day, well and good, but
if not, I hope the Senate will not put the matter
in such a position that he can get the floor for a
few minutes to-day, and thus consume to-morrow,
occupying the time appropriated to other members.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the census bill had
perhaps better go on. I have understood that even
trained horses should have some time to prepare,
and the Senator from Connecticut may not be
ready to go on with his remarks.
The question was then taken on postponing the
census bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered, and, being
taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atuhisen, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury,
Butler, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge ot Wisconsin.
Foote, Hunter, Jones, Mason, Miller, Morton, Rusk, Stur-
geon, Turney, and Yulee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Chase, Clark, Clay, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts,Feleli, Green, King, Mansum,
Pratt, Seward, Sptuance, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Whiteomb—19.
So the census bill was postponed, to give the
Senator from Connecticut an opportunity to reply
to the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SMITH then proceeded with his speech,and
spoke upward of two hours and a half; when
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, suggested that the hon-
orable Senator should give way for an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. DAYTON. Oh,I hope not. The Senator
from Connecticut deprecated the idea of taking
two days to make one speech. I hope, therefore,
that he will avoid it, if possible.
Mr. SEWARD. I think we are bound to con-
sult the honorable Senator's convenience.
Mr. SMITH. I will defer the remainder of my
remarks, if it is the wish of the Senate; but I think
I mUht be allowed to go on a little longer.
Mr. SEWARD. With the leave of the Senator
from Connecticut, I will move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. If I proceed this evening, I
assure the Senate that I will txoneiate every Sen-
ator from staying to listen to my remarks.
Mr. FOOTE. To adjourn at this time, would
be a violation of the compact with the honorable
gentleman. I hope he will he allowed to proceed.
Mr. RUSK. I hope, before we adjourn, some
arrangement may be made by which the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Dayton] may have the
floor to-morrow, as previously arranged.
Mr. SMITH. I want to make a suggestion. I
have occupied, with these two or three topics of my
remarks, unconsciously—for I was not aware of
it, the clock not being in view—a great deal more
time than 1 had intended. I have, however, occu-
pied very little of the time of the Senate this ses-
sion 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator bear
with me a moment?
Mr. SMITH yielded the floor.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I wish to move
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed until Tuesday or Wednesday next.
. Mr. SMITH. Oh, no. I have a better sug-
gestion to offer; I propose that it be postponed
until Saturday.
Seveial Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. SMITH. I do not ask any one to come
here but the gentleman from Maine, and the Vice !
President can call him to the chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD renewed the motion for an
adjournment, but withdrew it again in order to
allow
Mr. SMITH to move the postponement of the
further consideration of the subject till Saturday,
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HALE. 1 was not in the Senate when the
Senator from Connecticut commenced his remarks,
but I understand that he poured out some very
just censure on myself and some others, who oc-
cupied parts of two days. Now, I want to know,
before this motion is put, if he takes any part of
that censure back again? [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. I believe the Senator from New
Hampshire has talked nine days during this ses-
sion. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. DAYTON. 1 have not the least disposi-
tion to fail in any act of courtesy toward the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. If it is his wish, therefore,
to postpone this subject till Saturday, I shall be
happy to acquiesce in it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall desire, at the close
of the remarks of the Senator from Connecticut,
to occupy a short time in reply to some of the
mistakes and misapprehensions which he has
made.
Mr. FOOTE. You will have abundant oppor-
tunity. There are several gentlemen who design
being heard upon this resolution.
Mr. BELL. The gentleman from Maine need
be under no uneasiness on that score.
Mr. FOOTE. There is danger.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I wish to as-
sure-the Senator from Maine, and the Senate, that
we do not intend that the President shall be con-
demned here until he has had a full and impartial
hearing; and we maintain that he will have a ful!>
and complete, and triumphant vindication.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and it was found that there was not a
quorum voting.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the Senate do now
adjourn.
A division was called for, when there appeared
—ayes 16, noes 14.
So the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jdarck 22,1S50.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved-
Mr. BRIGGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to present, he said, certain joint reso-
lutions.
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER said objection was made to
the introduction of the resolutions.
Mr. BRIGGS asked that they might be read for
information.
The SPEAKER said, the regular order of busi-
ness having been called for, the resolutions could
not be read for information.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be private bills, on the Speaker's
table, on their third reading, which had been re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on Fri-
day last.
The bill for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia, being the first in order,
M. THOMAS objected to its third reading.
The SPEAKER said, objection being made, the
bill would be laid aside.
The Clerk was in the act of reading the next
bill in order, when
Mr. SCHENCK remarked that the bill for the
lelief of the captors of the frigate Philadelphia was
first in order.
The SPEAKER said that that bill had been laid
aside, in consequence of objection having been
made to its consideration—this being the day for
the consideration of bills to which no objection
might be raised.
Mr. SCHENCK remaiked that, from his un-
derstanding of the rule, it was applicable only to
bills on the private calendar* when under consider-
ation in Committee of the Whole House. This
was not a bill in that condition. It had been con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole* and was now
before the Hou.se, as business upon the Speaker's
table; therefore the rule, which required a bill to be
laid aside on objection being made, was not appli-
cable to bills which had passed through the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER derided that the rule applied as
well to bills on the Speaker's table, belonging to
the private calendar, as to bills in Committee of
the Whole House on said calendar.
After some d iscussion between the SPEAKER
and Messrs. SCHENCK and JONES, on the
point of order,
Mr. SCHENCK took an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The question now being, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
