1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
ation to induce the Government to locate the seat
of Government on the, Potomac river; but by the
Stale of Virginia it was treated as an advance of
money in the nature of a loan. Now, after half a
century has parsed, this application is made to
Congress, not by the State of Virginia, but by some
incorporated company, to which the State of Vir-
ginia has assigned her claim, such as it is, in ac-
counting for the payment of what is alleged to be
due this company as the assignee of the State. If
these facts are correct, it seems to me that the claim
does not stand on very high ground, whether it be
made by the assignee or the assignor. The mo-
ney seems to have been received and treated as mo-
ney belonging to the United States. No stop was
token to correct that impression for half a century.
The United States, it is said, at the time of the ad-
vance was poor and without funds, but certainly,
in the course of half a century, the United States
has become enriched, and has been in possession
of ample funds. We may recollect one period of
our history when the Government was extremely
troubled to discover some plan, when the ingenuity
of men was absolutely f*et to work to contrive some
plan by which the surplus revenue, accumulated
and reposing in the Treasury, and appearing to be-
come a nuisance there, could he disposed of; yet
during that whole peiiod no application was made
to the Government on the part of Virginia to re-
fund this money- Now, if the money was paid
with a view to obtain or assist in obtaining the lo-
cation of the seat of Government, Virginia has ob-
tained the full consideration for which the money
was paid. Like the Senator from Kentucky, I am
sorry that the Government ever did let i'self down
to the consideration of pecuniary reward, and put
the seat of Government up to a bid, or kind of pub-
lic outcry, and have it located at the spot where
the most money could be obtained for its location;
but the thing was done, the consideration was re-
ceived at the time, and received as a gift; that is,
£>s money coming into the Treasury to be its own,
and half a century has passed without the State of
Virginia making any effort to conectthe misappre-
hension, if misapprehension it wa^. Now, what
i wish to say is this: If the State of Virginia thinks
proper herself to ask for this money, I will vote to
pay it with the utmost cheerfulness; but 1 must
say that we ought not to treat it as a subject of as-
signment. It is a claim of a peculiar character,
and if Virginia thinks proper to ask for it, 1 will
vote it to her; but, foi one, I am not willing to vote
it on any information I have yet received as to the
character of the transaction to her assignees. I am
not willing to treat U as an outstanding debt of this
Government, the payment of which was delayed,
and which is the proper subject of assignment to
her creditors. If Virginia chooses to consider it
as a debt, and come here and ask for its payment,
even after this lapse of fifty years, I am ready to
vote to pay it, piincipal and interest; but let Vir-
ginia answer for herself, instead of putting in a
bill chartering a company a provision authorizing
tha company to make what it can out of ihe claim
of Vngmia. It seems to me that we ought not to
consider it in the nature of a doim occupying the ,
position to be a proper subject of assignment, j
though, as 1 said, I am filling to vote for it as a !
claim of Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to make
a speech in relation to this claim, for whatever |
merits it has, have been very fully and clearly pre- 1
seuted by my colleague. I think lie has shown
that this money is to be considered, not so much I
in the light of a donation, as an advance on the I
part of Virginia; but, be that as it may, the his- !
tory of the transaction will perh ps explain itself (
better than any argument which can be used in 1
relation to it. The facts of the case are these:
The State of Virginia certainly, as the history of
her early legislation shows, was very anxious that
the seat of Government should be within herbor- \
ders That proving to be impracticable, she was I
then not only anxious that it should be placed on
the Potomac, but that a portion of the Distiict !:
should be taken from within her limits, and in or- j'
der to induce such a location, she gave up the jj
county of Alexandria, and $190,000 along with it. i,
if this territory had never been retroceded, the J
State never would have made a claim, or assigned i
the money to any one; but when Alexandria was |
retroceded, then the people of that town seemed j
to think, especially as so little had been done for
them, that this money also should go back to Vir- il
! ginia, to be appropriated for their benefit. The
I difficulty in the way of the corporation of Alex-
< andria making this claim, as I suggested at the
I time, was,that the money was not an advance from
j them, but from the State of Virginia; and in order
i to enable them to present to the equitable consid-
| eration of Congress whatever right Virginia might
; have, it was assigned to a railroad designed for
( the benefitof Alexandria. Virginia has made no
, claim for this money, and t Relieve she never will.
She has merely assigned whatever equity there
was to Alexandria, in order that the town might
present whatever equitable claim it could to the
consideration of Congress, in aiding the construc-
tion of a railroad which was to lie of service, not
only to the District, but to a large portion of the
United States. Virginia ceriainiv did not desire
the money for herself. She has made no claim
for it, and I believe she never will. And the
whole matter here to be considered is, whether,
under the circumstances, this money received
fiom Virginia as a donation, if yon choose, shall
be returned to Alexandria when she is retroceded
to Virginia* It is whether yon will give it to
Alexandria or not? That is the whole qnest'on,
and, so far as I am concerned, I feel no scruple
in voting the money to her. With a Government
as rich as this, I do not think it becoming, even-
viewing this as a donation which Virginia claims,
to retain it. I think it better to return al! the do-
nations from every State, and I am willing to re-
turn to Maryland to-morrow what she gave in re-
lation to this matter. Bin the idea is, that this is
a gift, a marriage present, a dowry, given when
Virginia assigned to the United States a portion
of her territory, and, when the territory is re-
turned,the money should be returned also. I mean
that this is the idea among those who have moved
j in this business, the people of the town and
! county of Alexandria; and it was only to enable
! them to come heie, with every obstacle out of the
way, that the State of Virginia assigned her claim
to this money.
Mr BADGER. I understood the. Senator from
Virginia to say thnt but for the retrocession of
that part of the District to Virginia which was
originally ceded by her towards the ten miles
square, Virginia would neither have made this
claim nor assigned it. What possible effect can
that have* The seat of Government is located
here, and all and every advantage which was or
can be derived to the State of Vnginia by the
locat'on of the seat of Government heicaie still
retained hv her. Surely the retrocession of Alex-
andria to Virginia was not an injury to her. We
j did not force it back on Virginia. It was retro-
i ceded with the full consent and desire of Virginia.
We gave her back territory she had given to us,
and it seems a very singular argument to say, that
therefore she or her assignee has n right to ask
the payment of this mnney. It appears to me
that, putting the case on the footing on v hich it
was placed by the Senator from Virginia who last
spoke, the argument becomes conclusive against
Virginia; that is, conceding that the claim would
never have been made, as I concede also, by Vir-
ginia herself, and that it never would have hpen
assigned by her, and treated as a demand upon the
General Government, if Alexandria had not been
retroceded. It was retroceded with the full con-
sent of Virginia, and suiely the acquisition of the
territory cannot be considered as injuring Vir-
ginia, or as furnishing a reason why the money
should- now he paid which would not have existed
if the retrocession had not taken place. With re-
gard to that portion of Virginia which wasa portion
of the District, and under the jurisdiction of the
United Spates, though I am not familiar with the
subject, I rather apprehend it was not treated with
anything like a stepmother's neglect. But, be that
as it may, it seems to me that this retrocession of
Alexandria to Virginia should not be considered
m the character of an act which gives the State of
Virginia the right to ask for the payment of this
money. If it could, it ought to have been risked
for when the retrocession was proposed. But she
said nothing about its being injurious and incon-
venient, and if retroceded to her that she must be
paid the §.120,000: and certainly it would have
been a very strange claim, or a very unreasonable
foundation on which to base it. Everybody
thought, or at least 1 did, that by the act of retro-
cession we were giving something valuable to
Virginia. Then, if the claim would not have been
ji valid on the part of Virginia; if the retrocession
;; had not furnished a ground on which she could
i rightfully claim it, most undeniably it can furnish
! no ground on which her assignee can rightfully
I make, it It seems to me, therefore, that the case
! stands where I placed it in the first instance. We
• cannot deal with her assignee and treat the chum
• as an assignment of a debt due by this Govein-
! ment; hut, as I before stated-, if Virginia herself
. shall ask for this money I will vote for it with the
■ utmost willingness.
j Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from North
j Carolina did not, state the point precisely as f pre-
sented it, according to the history of the trnnsac-
| tion. 1 said that Virginia was not only anxious,
| as was the case with other States, that "the seat of
1 Government should be placed on the Potomac, but
j that a part of her territory should be included in
■ the limits of the district where the seat of Govern-
ment was to be located. I think, on looking buck
i to the history of the time, that an undue anxiety
' was manifested in relation to this matter. But
whether it was wise, or the reverse, such being
i the state of the case, if it be the history of the
j transaction that this donation was given to induce
J the Government to take a portion of the territory
! of the State; if it should turn out that that was
I the consideration; and if subsequent experience
j had shown that it was better for both parties that
] Virginia should resume her territory, and that
j there was no occasion originally to have given it
! or the money, it would ?ecm but a natural view
i for the people of Alexandria to take, that when the
I territory wns returned, the money given for the
' purpose of its improvement, should be returned
I also. I believe this to be the history of the trans-
! action, and I know that this is the motive which
governs them,and the reason why the demand has
only been made on the part of Alexandria since
the retrocession. The matter was talked over at
the time of the retrocession, and the authorities of
; the town, many of whom consulted with me on
j the subject, thought they were entitled to the
i money, but I told them that there was this obsta-
' cle in the way: that the money was given by
i Virginia, along with them, and not by themselves
! as a corporation. I do not now understand that
| the State of Virginia, or the corporation of Alex-
andria, which is the same as the railroad corpo-
ration, I believe, sets up any claim that this Gov-
ernment is bound to pay them; but they appeal
to its equity under all the circumstances, espe-
cially when it is consideied that the money is to be
devoted to a work which is to benefit the District
quite as much as Alexandiia. This is the point
of view m which it is urged, and in which it
should be considered.
Mr. BUTLER. lam reconciled to vote for this
bill by one view of it, and tbht is, that the sum of
money is to be appropriated for a highway. Now,
there are mary gentlemen here who would vote io
give thousands or millions of dollars for works of
internal improvement. Jf the road proposed were
to run through the public lands, alternate sections
would he allowed for its completion, or where
such alternate "Sections could not be found, other
lands would be taken in lieu of money to affect the
object. But when we ask the return of money to
Virginia through this company fora work of inter-
nal improvement, we hear difficulties and scruples
thrown in the way. It is said that this wan a bounty.
Tt is not the first time that Vngmia has suffered by
having her acts converted into bounties. She has
been bountiful enough in her grants to the Gov-
ernment, and now here is an effort to convert this
also into a bounty. 1 am not willing to vote to
grant money from the public Treasury for the
purpose of internal improvements. But m this
case I believe Virginia asks by her assignee,
ex equo etbonoy for money which she has advanced
to aid in the erection of public buildings. I have
no doubt of the propriety of this ciaun; and this is
but one mode of asking to have it repaid in con-
nection with the construction of a road which is to
run to the West, in which all may have a common
interest. It is but making an appropriation, if we
grant the. claim for a highway, a public improve-
ment in which every citizen of the United States
is interested, especially those m the western por-
tion of it. I think the money due to Virginia;
and I cannot object to the appropriation, because
it subserves ends in which the public may be in-
terested.
Now, the difficulty in the way of appropriating
