1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
tion of the matter to-day, I desired that it mi ht
be put in such a shape that some other day shall
be specially designated, when we may proceed to
the consideration of it. If the House is disposed
to postpone the consideration of the report to a
day certain; I have no objection; and it is my in-
tention, if 1 do not thereby lose my right to the
ilooi, to yield it to any gentleman who chooses to
make such a motion. But 1 cannot yield, except
m.der the assurance that I do not lose the right to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that the gentleman will lose his right to the floor,
by yielding for a motion to postpone.
JM*r. STRONG thereupon yielded the floor to
Mr. POTTER, who moved that the considera-
tion of the report be postponed until the fourth day
of March next. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire tn put an in-
quiry to the Chair. If the House should proceed
to the regular order of business, will the report of
the Committee on Elections be first in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It is a question
of privilege, and has no connection with the regu-
lar order of business. If the House should now
proceed to the consideration of the contested-elec-
tion case, the regular order of business will not
begin until that question shall have been disposed
of. But if the House shoulu postpone the consid-
eration of the report to a day cettaui, the legular
ouler of business will be the call of the committees
for reports.
And in reference to the motion which has been
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,]
to postpone the consideration of the report untu
the fourth day of March next, the Chair is of
opinion that it is not in older to move to postpone
the consideration ol a subject to a day beyond the
term of the existing Congi ess.
Mr. STRONG, (to Mr. Potter.) Say two
weeks from to-day.
Mr. POTTER. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the report until the third of March.
1 believe that motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. STRONG. Is it debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. VAN DYKE. I am opposed to any ar-
rangement of this kind. I call up the leport as a
question of privilege, and demand its considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
a pnvilesed motion, and must be disposed of.
Mr. A SUM UN. I move to amend the molion
so as to postpone the consideration of the report to
this day fortnight.
Mi. CASEY, (to the Speaker.) If the consid-
eration of the report should be postponed until this
day two weeks, and a special Older should inter-
vene and should not be disposed of before that
tune, would not this report set aside the special
order ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
this is a pnvileged question, which would take
priority alike over the regular order of business or
over a special order, and would come up this day
two weeks, if postponed until that day, in prefer-
ence to all other business.
After an inquiry from Mr. VINTON, (which
was not heard)—
The SPEAKER said: In the opinion of the
Chair, a motion to lay on the table a motion to
postpone is not in order.
Mr. POTTER. It, seems to be desired that I
should modify my motion so as to postpone to this
day two weeks. I do so.
Mr. VAN DYKE. 1 move to amend by post-
poning tor one week.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Van Dyke, and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the modified
motion of Mr. Potter, and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the report was
postponed to this day two weeks.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
select committees.
Mr. STANLY, from the Select Committee upon
the suhjeit, made the following report:
The coinimtlee appointed oil May 6, 1850, to inquire find
report tf> the Hou^e of Representatives what }>< r&mis hold-
in>  ufii< e untie. tuo Ust Admn.istranon, a* clerks in an) of
the pub'i'- oliices, auditois, heady of bureaus, commissioner
of patents, or a-sisiant pusunusters general, were corre-
spondents of newspapers, wrote for 01 edited newspapers,
tiu'ir salaries and compensation lor the same; ami who, in
pameuJtu, was the author ol certain e>fa\s signed '• iiun-
deh-und/5 and w at oih< e he then held ; and ul.-<>, whether,
duung lite Id-t c invars lot the PieMdenty, any ol Hie above-
named otiicers absented themselves from tneir officer and
otheial duties, to make >p«e< lies and public addes-nt
against the election of General Taylor; al.-o, \\ hether the
above-named officer.*, or any 01 them, during *aid canvass,
were called upon 10 siib>cribe 01 pay money 101 an election
eering fund aga.n*t Genetai Taylot, and at wliO;-e instance
this was done;" beg leaveto report, m pait, that in di->-
charge of the duties imposed on them l>> order ol the House,
they caused stveial \vitne->-es to be biuu ht beionj ihcio,
that anion" oihcia, Thomas Ritchie, editor ol the Union,
and C. I'. Seng:4aek, late keepei of the Penitentiary m tm-j
'Dit-lrict, were fUiiiiinmed and appeared before Hie commit-
tee; that the said Riteiiie and rit.igstaok r--lu-ftd to answer
questions put to tin m b) the couimiitee, touching mallets
referred totht committee hy the Hou-e.
The question was put to Tlioma- Hit*.hit:: 11 State what
you may know in relation to tne dJlerent subjects mm-
Honed in the resolution ol til. House appointing liiibCu.n-
mutee and now hcfuie >uu.-' To vvhiui tiu replied •• As to
th" ot>rre>potidencis of the Union, the counmiiee must
excuse me ft an answeiing. I do not concave m^eil at
Iibeitv to lieirav the conopondciit*. of nn ptess.,"' &c., &e.
And tins «jue-mon was ai.-o put to Thoma-. Ritchie:
" Wa^ file autiioi of the communication in the Union ol
September 12, 1843, an office noliier embraced iri r:ie reso-
lution <ii the Hou>ef" Winch question the said Ritchie
declined to an-wer
Ami the said rieiitjstack, on bang asked " what lie knew
in relation to the matter* teiefied to in tile resolution of
Ma> G, itiS'J said a* follows. Aa to the oilu named
in the resolution bemsj eaiit d upon oi i.-qmn d to -nlw iibe
or pav uione) lor .in ciLCt.ouer ring fund ajjam^l Geneial
Taylor, I decline to answet. unless 1 can also state what
oiiicer^ p-uil u). iiey lor an < leeuoueeting fund in luvor ol
Gem ral Taylor."
Whch.'upon tiie committee adopted (lie following resolu-
tion, viz:
Jiesolred, Thai the refusal of Thomas Ritchie ami C P.
Semjstack to aiiavvet questions propounded lo litem b> the
commutee.be icporudto tbc iiou.->e, and its advice and
oHlci a-ked thereon; vvmcb rep.nti* made aeeotd.ngly.
Eo W. STANLY, Ohainuan.
Mr. STANLY said, that after the reading of
the report of the committee, he would only take
up the time of the House while he gave a bnef
histoiy of the proceeding. It would be lemem-
bered that when this committee was appointed, he
was made chairman. The committee proceeded
to take evidence in relation to the matter, and
called before them Mr. Ritchie, the editor of tiie
Union, and Mr. Sengsutck, the keeper of the
Penitentiary, "one of the pillars of the Democ-
racy" in l.w,48. The committee propounded to
them the questions as specified m the report, and,
as it was there stated, they had refused to give any
answer to the interrogatoiies. The committee
thought it proper to submit the matter to tiie
Huu&e, rather than waste time and cause useless
expenditure in bringing befoie them other witness-
es, who might puisue the same couise, refusing to
answer any questions which would elicit the tacts.
He had, iherefoie, been instructed to make this
report.
Mr. S. said, he did not wish to make any sug-
gestions to the House. He was onlj^dcsirous of
discharging his duty, in bringing the report to the
House. As for his individual opinions, if he were
guuied by them, he would dismiss the whole mat-
ter from his thoughts. He was aware that the
public time was valuable, and ought not to be
wasted on matters ot little consequence. And for
tins House to be now engaged in discussing the
propriety of the conduct of Messrs Ritchie and
tierigstack, would be as becoming as to send a com-
pany of United States troops in pursuit uf a wild-
cat, while the enemy was in the field.
He had no wish to consume the time of the
House by any further remarks; his only object
being to obtain such action on the pait of the
House as would be an instruction to the commit-
tee in the further prosecution of the investigation
with which they had been < hirged, if it was tiie
desire of the House that this investigation should
be continued.
Without further remark, he left it for the House
to decide what course it was proper to adopt to
sustam us own dignity.
Mr. HIBBARD, m reply,concurred in whathe
had undeistood Mr. Stanly to &ay in reference to
the trivial nature and entire futility of the investiga-
tions of the committee. He had no fancy for such
investigations, believing it improper to make official
mqunies as to what officeholders of a party Ad-
ministration, themselves now out of office, did out
of oiiice hours, or what they did with their own
money, in order to forward the mteiests of this or
that presidential candidate. He believed that the
House would concur in his impression that Mr.
Ritchie did.perfectly right in refusing to divulge
to the committee, for publication, the business
secrets of his newspaper establishment. Should
the House proceed at all with this business, it must
he he supposed, hy an order for the arrest of Mr.
Ritchie, with a viesv to his trial for refusing to dis-
close the name of his correspondent. VV ho could
suppose, even were the House disposed to embark
in such an enterprise, that could prevail, if eeri-
ourly resisted by Mr. Ritchie, to be productive of
any useful result. As for Mr. SengstackV por-
tion of the report, though the wording of the reso-
lution under which the committee was acting was
such as to authorize them to demand of him an
answer which might afFect but one side, he thought
the House would see that his demand for permis-
sion to tell the whole truth—to tell who contrib-
uted money for the defeat of Cass, as well as who
for the defeat of Taylor—was but stuctly just.
The whole affair was entirely unimportant—not to
say ridiculous. This matter was unwoithy of the
time and attention ot the House, especially when
such urgent public business was ptessing upon
us.
In conclusion, he moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman to withdraw the motion.
Mr. HIBBARD declined to withdraw.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. What mo-
tion is there before the House? Has any motion
been made hy the chauman of the committee?
The SPEAKER. None.
Mr DUER. The motion is to lay what on
the table ?
Mr. MEADE said a word, which did not reach
the ear of the icporter
Mr. VAN DYKE said he would like to know
what was to he laid on the table hy tins motion ?
The SPEAK ICR. The lepoit of the committee.
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were otdered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 85, nays 108, as follow:
YEA**—M« «^rs. Allen, Averm. Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bing-
inin, Hi-xcll, Rooth, Bowdon, Bowie, iimvliti, Boyd, Breek,
Albert G. Brmvn, William J. Biovvn, Buel, Bint, Joseph
Cable. Ourge A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Coh.ock,
! Darin I. JDmimick, Disney, D.>ty, Duer. Dm k- e, Edmnn- son,
: Evvim , Fnliej, Gerry, Gid(lin«<, Gilmon-, Green, H irakon,
! Hi'lan, 1 ham G flairs, Sainton W. Hum.-, Hiblwrrt,
i Milliard, Uoauland. Howard, Inge, Joseph W Jackson, J.
j J, Johnson, Knhei t W. Join..-on, Julian. Pie>i<>u King, La
i f^ere, Lefflcr, Liltletieid, Job Mann. M;t.-on, M<-< h-H-and,
; McDonald, McDowell, Robert iM. MeLane, Mt Wilhe, Mill-
ion, Mor^c, Olds, Pca-h e, P<tk, Pb ips, Pom i, Robnins,
Root, Seddon, Frederick P. Sianton, Ru-ha;d H.
Sianton, Stetson, Snnng, Sv\e«Mser, Jacob Thomp-on,
James Thomfi-on, Toombs, Walden, Waldo, VWilborrt,
W' mlesley, Wihinek, Wilmot, and Vounir—85
NAYS—Me-ws AibeiHnn, Aiexandei, A I-ton, Anderson,
A-he, A-iimun, Baker, Bennett, B 'kee, BitL'g*, Brook-?,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thoma- B Butlei,E Cairirgn.n
Cabeli, Calvin, Campbell, Cantor, Ca-ov, Cbandb-r, Ciai ke,
Chnsrman. VV. K. VV Cobb, Cole, Coiwiu. Crowel!,* Deber-
rv, Dixon, Dunean, Dunham. Eliot, Alexander Evans,
N.ithan Evan-, Ferit!u>fMwt, Fit.'b, Fowler Freenlev, Gor-
man, Gott. Gould, Gnnnell, Hali, Hailovvay. Hamilton,
Hammond, Hampton, Hay, lie bard. Henry. Hinve, VVm. T.
, J.iek^on, Andrew Jo!mt=on. Jones. Kerr, G orge G King,
j Junes G Kin<r. John A. Kuia, Horace Mann, Mar.-hall,
Malte-on, MeGau^iiej, MeKi-$nrk, McLanatian, Me.Mul-
Itn, MeQ.nepri, Meaeham, Memle, Moore, Mortis, Morron,
\TpwrlI, Oale, Orr, Orn, 0'iiiaw, Parker, Pirmaii, Poniam,
Revnolds, Richardson, Robm^on, Rockwell, Ro-j'/RuuKey,
Saekeit, Savage, Snvvtelle, Sehenok, 8ehoolciali,_ Shep-
peril SHv«-!iter, SpauMmg, Sprague, Stnnly Thoma-, John
B Thompson, Thurman, (Jmteihiil, Van D\ke, V« nahle,
Wallace, Watkin^. Wentworth, White, VVilhams, VVood.
and Woodward—108.
So the report was not laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS, of-Maryland, obtained the floor,
and was proreedm^ to address the House, when
Mr. POTTER intei posed, and rose to a quest won
of order. He wished to know what was the ques-
tion before the House? Was there any question
for discussion ?
The SPEAKER. The report of the committee
is before the House for its action. The Chair can-
not tell what action the House may take.
Mr. POTTER insisted that until some motion
was made, the subject was not debatable.
Mr EVANS If there is any doubt about the
necessity of a motion, I make the motion to print.
Mr. ME4DE. 1 ask the gentleman from Mary-
land to offer this resolution in connection with the
subject, and then we shall have something to dis-
cuss,
Mr. EVANS. Let the resolution be read for
information.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
