THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st S^&bion.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1850.
New Series.... No. 106.
lately been done in France. Bui he would hold
the editor of a public press to his responsibility,
and he would not allow him to come before a
committee of this House and assert that he will
not be subject to the rules by which others arc
bound. He did nor feel disposed to extend such
privilege to one who had indulged, for forty years,
in every variety of assault upon every character
whose noble purity and uprightness was a living
example of rebuke to his own indecencies of lan-
guage; and who had become, by a Ions: course of
scandal and abuse, insensible to every feeling of
propriety.
In the discussion of this privilege, he did not
want to hear a parcel of jargon about the liberty
of the press. JVe all rcspect the hbtrlxj of the press.
But the gentleman from New Hampshire had
failed to produce any plain principle of law why
Thomas Ritchie should be excused from replying
to the questions of the select committee. If, how-
ever, the House should determine that we have
pursued thisinvestigation far enough, as the chair-
man of the select committee seems to suggest, he
had no objection now to let the business drop.
But, in doing so, he would enter his protest against
permitting any one who was not within one of the
th ree categories to refuse answering questions pro-
posed by the committee. He would solemnly pro-
test against thegranting such privilege. He ought
not to be excused more than ordinary individuals
who are called to testify in courts of law.
He begged pirdon of the House for having con-
sumed so much tune in these remarks. He re-
peated, that he had been assailed without cause by
Mr. Ritchie, and that it was under this provoca-
tion that he hail felt himself impelled to trespass
so long on the House, when he particularly re-
feried to that individual. It was a principle with
him never wantonly to assail any one; but when-
ever he was assailed, his motto was " nemo me
impane lacpssit." He would never assail others.
He would never permit others to assail him and
go forth scnrMess.
Mr. FJTCFI obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. S TANLiY, who sent to the Clerk's table the
following resolution, which, he &aid, he desired to
offer:
Whereas the Select Committee of thn Hoine, acting
by the authonty ot the Hou^e, undei a resolution uf the Gtli
M-tv U-t, lias reported that Thomas Undue ami Charles P.
Setback have perenipiouly retu-ed to give evidence in
oliedi nee to a summons duly issued by taid committee:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Speaker of this Hoii^e issaie his war-
rant, directed to the Fergeant-at-arms, to take into custody
the portions &aid Ritchie and iSengstuek, that they may be
brought to the bar ot the House to answer for an alleged
contempt of tins House, and that they be allowed counsel, on
that ooca>ion, should they de^ite it.
The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER suid: The Chair has ruled,
and has felt compelled to do so, that a member
cannot offer a resolution, or make a motion, un-
less he is entitled to the floor; and the floor can-
not be yielded to him for that purpose except by ;
unanimous consent. The motion would be in
order if the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] was entitled to the floor; and if there is
no objection, the resolution will be considered as
being before the House for its consideration.
Mr. STRONG. I believe the morning hour
has expired. I move that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. FITCH, (to the Speaker.) Is not this a
question of privilege which overrides the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania? [Mr. Strong.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Strong, and decided in the affirmative.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARLAN stated that his name was not
recotded on the Journal of yesterday on the
amendment for the erection of a custom-house at
Bath, Maine. He voted in the negative on that
occasion; and desired that the Journal be so cor-
rected.
106
The SPEAKER stated that the Journal would
be corrected, there being no objection.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the Piesident of the United
States, viz:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
It has been suggested that the language of the
first paragraph of my message to the two Houses of
Congress of the 6th instant, may convey the idea
that Governor Hell's letter to my predecessor was
received by him before his death.
It was addiessed to him, but appears, in point
of fact, to have been sent to me from the Post Of-
fice after his death. I make litis communication
to accompany the message and prevent misappre-
hension. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, August 8, 1830.
On motion,it was ordered that the said message
belaid upon the table, and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
sundry Executive com.'numcations, viz:
[. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a iesolution of the
House of the 15 h instant, a copy of the report,
survey, plans, and estimates of the Topographical
Engineers, for the improvement of the harbor of
Ozankee, in the State of Wisconsin.
On motion by Mr- WENTWORTH, the mes-
sage and accompanying documents were referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 9th instant, copies of all the
correspondence in his department relative to the
visit of the United Stafes ship Preble to the port
of Naga^ki, for the purpose of demanding sixteen
American seamen held in prison by the authoiiues
of Japan.
On motion by Mr. GRINNELL, thesai com-
munication and accompanying documents were
ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
The bill of the Senate entitled an " Act to provide
for the printing of the annual report upon com-
merce and navigation," which had passed the
House with sundry amendments, to some of which
the Senate had agreed without amendment, to
others with amendment, and to others disagreed,
was,
On the motion of Mr. WENTWORTH (which
motion was opposed by Mr. Grinnell) refened
to the Committee on Commerce.
The amendments of the Senate to the resolu-
tions of the House instructing the Secretary of
State to furnish the State of Alabama duplicates of
the books and documents heretofore supplied by
Congress, and which were destroyed by the recent
burning the State Capitol of said State, were read
and agreed to.
SUPPLEMENTARY CENSUS BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Conference on the part of the
House upon the supplementary Census bill made
the following report, viz:
The conferees appointed on the disagreement between
the two Houses on the amendments mad<1 by the House of
Representatives to the bill entitled " An act supplement,\rj
tn the aet t ntuled < A.n ?iet piovuhmi tor the tnkimr ot Ihe
seventh and -iihsequent eeiiftises ot the United States, and
to fix the number ot" members of the Uon«e of representa-
tives, and to provide tor their 1 ulurp apportionment among
the freveial States,'" have agreed upon the following le-
pott, and recommend its adoption to their respective
Houses :
Kt. That the amendment of the House to the second sec-
tion of the bill be agieed to, with the following amendment
to the same section: Strike out the word Melt" m the
tout tli line, and insert in lieu thereof the vvordo <•' removed
from."
2d. That the third section of the bill be amended by ^In-
king out the fifth, sixih, and seventh lines thereof* piop.^cd
by the Hous<',and hj insetting m lieu thereof the (allow ing:
"'Eight cents tor each pagf ot" the two copies of the original
eensiH return's required to be furnished by the eleventh sec-
tion of the aet to which thi*. in a supplement."
3d. That the additional section proposed an amendment
In the House be agreed to with the following; amendment
added:
" Provided, That the «a?d Secretary mav extend the time
for completing ttie census in California, Oregon, U'tab, and
New Mexico, to such time asm his discretion may be deemed
advisable."
The report, having- been read—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved the
previous question on agreeing to the report.
Mr. ANDERSON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,]
whether this bill does not extend the time for
taking the census?
Mr. THOMPSON. Yes; it extends it until
the first of January.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded. The main que&tioti was oidered; and
having b<*en taken, the report was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table. Ordered accordingly.
TERRITORY OF UTAH.
The bill from the Senate, entitled " An act to
establish the territorial government of Utah," com-
ing up on its first and second reading—
It was read twice by its tiile.
Mr. BOYD moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mi. SCHENCK. And be printed. _
The question was taken, and dccidcd in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CL1NGMAN, (to the Sneaker.) If a mo-
tion should be made to reconsider the vote just
taken, and should be agreed to, would the bill be
brought before the House for its action > Will it
relieve the House from the necessity of referring
the bill to the CommtUee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
bill contains an appropiiation, and must therefore
he committed.
Mr. SWEETSER, (to the Speaker.) Is it in
order to move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up this bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is
in older. The Huuse, after resolving itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, must determine what business it will take
up. It is not in order to move to go into Com-
j mtttee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of taking up a particular bill.
I Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the House
I resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on tha
j state of the Union.
} The question was taken, and the vote stood—
J ayes 53, noes 90.
| Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I ask the
i yeas and nays on that motion.
I The yeas and nays were oidered.
j The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
i ative—yeas 61, noes 140; as follow:
' YEAS Me^si*. AHieitson, Alien. Anderson, As-he, Aver-
etr, Bav, Baylv, How don, Bow,e, Bowlm, Albert C*. liiown,
Burl, Chiwnwn, W. R W. Cobb, Cokock, Daniel, Di-ney,
Edmund-on, Eliot Featherston, Freedlev, Green, Hamil-
ton, llam.nopd, MarnKon, Sainton W. Harris, Hawnond,
Hoagland, Holmes, TIubb;<nl, Inge, Joseph \V. Jackson, R.
W. "john-on. Ln Lellh-r, Ma-on, McDowell, Robert
M. McLane. M< Queen. McWiliie, M^aue, MilNon, Morse,
On, Owen, I'arker, Pow ell. It< .hliin?, Ro-^, riavage, iSeddon,
Frederiek P. tftanum, K. II. Sumton, riwectser, Thomas,
jacoh TliMtip-on. Van D>ke, Yenabie, Wallace, Wellborn,
and Woodvvaid—61.
KAYS—Me-^rs. Alexander, Alston, Ash'nun, Baker,
R.-die, B.-ntieit, Bmgk.im* Ris«eU, Bokie, Booth, Boyd,
Bcck, Bngg:*, Brook-, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows,
Chester Boiler, Thomas B. BiUlc, li. O. Cabell, Joseph
Cabk-, George A Caldwell. Jo-<-ph P. Caldwell, Calvm,
('ampin I!, C.nttoi, Cwy, Onundlnr, Claike, Coif. Corwin,
Croweil, Drherry, Dimmit k. Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, l>tirk< e, Alexander Evans, Xaihau Evans, Ewmg,
Fitch, Fowlei, Fuller, Gmiy. Guiding, Gilrnore, Gorman,
Gott, Gould, Otinn' II, II.ill. il uloway, Hampton. Harlan,
Nh.un G. Hams. ILu, IMtaid, Henrv, Hibbard, Hilhard,
Houston, Howard'. Hovve Huru^r. W. T. j.tctwm, A. John-
son, J L. Johnson. Jone-?. Jul-an, Keir, G G. King, J. G.
Kinfj, John A. Kiiu;, P. King, Linlcfield, Horace Mann,
Job JVI.mii, M.iisW.ill. McCloinaml. McDonald,
McOiujiicv. \trKi-.ii<k. M. I. malum. Film E.. cIj( an,
MPiic-li.im, M'.or.', Morris, Morton, Nelson,Jewell, ogle,
Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter,
