i850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1688
The SPEAKER. The first reading of a bill is
for information. If objection is made, then the
•question is put to the House "Shall the bill be re-
jected:" The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Inge,] after the first reading of the bill, and when
if, was about to pass to its second reading, raised
the question now before the House by interposing
an objection, and asking that the question be pro-
pounded to the House under the 116th rule, "Shall
the bill be rejected r"
Mr. HARALSON was understood to inquire
of the Speaker whether the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Inge] could not withdraw his objection?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man cannot now withdraw.
Mr. CLlNGrMAN, (to the Speaker.) If the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] who is the
only gentleman now objecting to the second read-
ing of the bill, should withdraw his objection,
and no other member should renew it, cannot the
bill, by unanimous consent, be put upon its second
reading?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt that by
unanimous consent the gentleman from Alabama
can withdraw his objection, and the question would
then at once be on the second reading of the bill.
Mr. BISSELL objected.
Mr. JONES, (to the Speaker.) I submit the
question to the Chair, whether the 116fh rule ap-
plies to Senate bills ? And 1 call the attention of the
Chair to the third clause of the 27th rule, which
prescribes -the mode in which Senaie bills shall be
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined
both rules with care. The 116th rule is broad
enough, and, in the opinionof the Chair, that rule
does apply to Senate bills.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded. The main question ("Shall the bill
be rejected?") was ordeted to be now taken,
and the>eas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POTTER asked to bo excused from voting.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. POTTER desired briefly to assign his
reasons foi the motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The rule
expressly prohibits it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the yeas
and nays on the motion to excuse the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER (not desiring, he said, to take
up the time of the House) withdrew the motion.
The question, " Shall the bill be rejected?" was
then taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 36,
nays 1G8, as follow:
YEAS— Averett, A G Brown, Burt, Joseph Ca-
ble, C.nnpheil, Clarke, C«.leo( k, Co!.', Don, Durker, Cid-
dmcs?, Hammond, >3. W. flams, Hebard, Howe, Hubbard,
Hunter, lw, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Predion King,
MiQ.tieen, Meade, Orr, Powell, lloot, Sacked,
Selioolciaft, Scddon, Spaulding, Wallace, Wilmot, and
Woodward— 36.
]W¥ 3—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
And<r-on, Ashe, A.-hmun, Bny, Bajly, Bealu, Bmaham,
ttiseell, B<>kee, Booth, Bowie, Bowhn, Boyd, Breok, Bnggs,
Brook*, VV. J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, T.
13. Butler, E. C. Cube!!, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell,
Onlvm, Cartier, Cas y, Chandler, Clincman, W. It. W.
Cobb, Corwm, Crow#4!!, Deberrv , Dimmick, Dwney, Dixon,
Duer, Duncan. Edmundson, E:iot, Alexander Evans, Na-
inuu Evan>, Ewina, Fealturston, Fitch. Fowler, Freedlej",
Fuller, Uentrv, Gerrv.Giluioro, Gorman, Goft,Gould, Green,
Gnrineil. Hall, Hallo'wav, Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson,
ftatlan, Istiam G. Ham?, Hav, Hajmond, Henry, Hibbard,
Hilluud, [-Iotisland, Houston, Howard. J. W. Jackson, W.
T. Jackson. Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson. Jones,
Kaufman. Kerr, George G. King, Jame>G. King, John A.
K.ng, h i ?ere, Lefflsr, Littlefield, lJoiace Matin, Job Mann,
Mars-ball, Ma-on. McClfrnand, McDonald, McDowell, Mc-
Gui"liev. MVKissork. MeLanahan, Robeit M. McLane,
E'McLean, McMullen, McWillie, Meaeham, Mill-
son, Moore, M-iri-head, M-rris, Moihe, Morton, Nelson,
Newell, Us!**, Old*, Otis, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee,
p^ck, Phefp-, Phoenix, Pitman, Porter, Putnam, Reynolds,
Robbing, llobin-on, Rockwell, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Seheo'-k, Sohermerhoin, Shepperd, Silves-
ter, Sprague, Stanlv, F. P. Stanton, R H. Stanton, Stetson,
Strong, Sweetser, Taylor,Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson. Thin man, Tooiribs, Tuck,
llud'-'ihill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden, Waldo,
Watkins, Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, WtJ-
dnck, Williams, Wilson, Wood, and Young—-168.
So the House refused to reject the bill.
The SPEAKER, The second reading of a
Senate bill.
Mr. THOMPSON. Does that take place as a
matter of coarse?
The SPEA KER stated that the question, " Shall
the bill be rejected r" having been decided in the
negative, the rule required that the bill should go
to its second reading without a question.
The bill was then read a second time by its title, j;
And the question being on the third reading— j|
Mr. BOYD. With the hope of seeing this bill \ \
acted upon, without reference to any committee ii
and without delay, I propose to offer the following ,j
amendment: !
Be it further, enacted, Sfc., That alt that portion !j
of the territory of the United States bounded as jj
follows: beginning at a point in the Colorado river [\
where the boundary line with the Republic of i
Mexico crosses the same; thence eastwardly with
the said boundary line to the Rio Grande; thence,
following the main channel of said river, to the
parallel of the 32d degree of north latitude; thence
east with said degree to its intersection with the
103d degree of longitude west of Greenwich ; thence j
north with said degree of longitude to the parallel 1
of 38th degree of north latitude; thence west with
said parallel to the summit of the Sierra Madre; ;
thence south with the crest of said mountains to i
the 37th parallel of north latitude; thcnce west |
with said parallel to its intersection with the bound- •
ary line of the Statp of California; thence with said \
boundary line to the place of beginning—be, and
the same is hereby, erected into a temporary gov-
ernment, by the name of the Territory of New
Mexico: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to inhibit the Govern-
ment of the United States from dividing said
Territory into two or more Territories, in such
manner and at such times as Congress shall deem
convenient and proper, or from attaching any por-
tion thereof to any other Territory or State: And
provided, further] That, when admitted as a State,
the said Territory, or any portion of the same,
shall be received into the Union with or without
slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at the
time of their admission.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over the said
Territory of New Mexico, shall be vested in a
governor, who shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and j
qualified, unless sooner removed by the President !
of the United States. The governor shall reside j
within said Territory, shall be commander-in- '
chief of the militia thereof, shall perform the du- i
ties and receive the pmoluments of superintendent i
of Indian affairs, and shall approve of all Jaws 1
passed by the legislative assembly before they !
shall take effect; he may grant pardons for offences i
I against the laws of said Territory, and reprieves
| for offences against the laws of the United States,
' until the decision of the President can be made
; known thereon; he shall commission all officers
i who shall be apoointed to office under the laws
: of the said Territory, and shall take care that the
i lawg be faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there I
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for four v^ars, \
unless sooner removed by the President of ihe
United States; he shall record and preserve all
the laws and proceedings of the legislative as-
sembly hereinafter constituted, and all the acts :
and proceedings of the governor in his executive
department; he shall transmit one copy of the
laws, and one copy of the executive proceedings,
on or before the first day of December in each
year, to the President of the United States, and,
at the same timp, two copies of the law3 to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives and the
President of the Senate, for the use of Congress. !
And in case of the death, removal, resignation,
or other necessary absence of the governor from
the Territory, the secretary shall have, and he is
hereby authorized and required to execute and
perform all the powers and duties of the governor
during such vacancy or necessary absence, or until
another governor shall be duly appointed to fill
such vacancy.
Sec. 4- And be it further enacted, That the legis- ;
lative power and authority of said Territory shall ,
j be vested in the governor and a legislative assem-
; bly. The legislative assembly shall consist of a |
i council and house of representatives. The council
j shall consist of thirteen members, having the |
! qualifications of voters as hereinafter prescribed, :
[ whose term of service shall continue two years.
} The house of representatives shall consist of
| twenty-six members, possessing the same qualifi- ;
cations as prescribed for members of the council,
i j and whose term of service shall continue one year.
!i Anapportionmentshall be made, as nearly equal as
practicable, among the several counties or districts,
for the election of the council and house of repre-
sentatives, giving to each section of the Territory
representation in the ratio of its population, Indians
excepted, as nearly as may be. And the members
of the council and of the house of representatives
shall reside in, and be inhabitants of, the district
for which they may be elected respectively. Pie-
vious to the first election, the governor shall cause
a census or enumeration of the inhabitants of the
several counties and districts of the Territory to
i be taken, and the first election shall be held at
S such time nnd places, and be conducted in such
i manner as the governor shall appoint and direct;
! and he shall, at the same time, declare the number
of members of the councd and house of repre-
! sentatives to which each of the counties or dis-
; tricts shall be entitled under this act. The nui -
I ber of persons authorized to be elected having the
highest number of votes in each of said council
districts for members of the council shall be de-
clared by the governor to be duly elected to the
. council; and the person or persons authorized to
i he elected having the greatest number of votes for
j the house of representatives, equal to the number
j to which each county or district shall he entitled,
shall be declared by the governor to be duly
elected members of the house of representatives:
Provided, That in case of a tie between two or
more persons voted for, the governor shall order a
new election to supply the vacancy made by such
tie. And the persons thus elected to the legisla-
tive assembly shall meet at such place and on such
day as the governor shall appoint; but thereafter
the time, p'ace, and manner of holding: and con-
ducting all elections by the people, and the appor-
tioning the representation in the several counties
or districts to the council and house of represent-
atives, according to population, shall be pre-
scribed by law, as well as the day of the coni-
| mencernent of the regular sessions of the legisla-
i tive assembly: Provided, That no one session shall
! exceed the term of forty days.
Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of twen-
ty-one years, who shall have been a resident of
said Territory at the time of the passage of this
act, shall be entitled to vote at the first election,
and shall be eligible to any office within the said
Territory; but the qualification of voters and of
, holding office, at all subsequent elections, shall be
; such as shall be prescribed by the legislative as-
. sembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage and
of holding office shall be exercised only by citizens
of the United States, including those recognized as
: citizens by the treaty with the Republic of Mexico,
; concluded February second, eighteen hundred and
forty-ei^ht.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation, consistent with the
: Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter-
fering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
. United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
i erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. All the laws
; passed by the legislative assembly and governor
, shall be submitted to the Congress of the United
j States, and if disapproved shall be null and of no
; effect.
j Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That aU town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein othcr-
; wise provided for, shall be appointed or elected, as
i the case may be, m such manner as shall he pro-
vided by the governor and legislative assembly of
the Territory of New Mexico. The governor
shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the legislative council, appoint, all offi-
cers not herein otherwise provided for, and m the
fitst instance the governor alone may appoint all
said officers, who shall hold their offices until the
end of the first session of the legislative assembly,
and shall layoff the necessary districts for mem-
bers of the council and house of representatives,
and all other officers.
Sec. 8- And be it farther enacted, That no mem-
ber of the legislative assembly shall hold, or be
appointed to, any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
fehall have been increased while he was a member,
during the term for which he was elected, and for
one year after the expiration of such term; and no
