1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
person holding a commission or appointment under
the United States, except postmasters, shall be a
member of the legislative assembly, or shall hold
any office under the government of said Territory.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That the judicial
power of said Territoiy shall be vested in a su-
preme court, district courts, probate courts, and
in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate justices,
any two of whom shall constitute a quorum, and
who shall hold a term at the seat of government
of said Territory annually; and they shall hold
their offices during the period of four years. The
said Territory shall be divided into three judicial
districts, and a district court shall be held in each
of said districts by one of the justices of the su-
preme court, at such time and place as may be
prescribed by law; and the said judges shall, after
their appointments, respectively, reside in the dis-
tricts which shall be assigned them. The juris-
diction of the several courts herein provided for,
both appellate and original, and that of the pro-
bate courts and of justices of the peace, shall be
as limited by law: Provided, Tiiat justices of the
peace shall not have jurisUiction of any matter m
controversy, when the title or boundaries of land
may be in dispute, or where the debt or sum
claimed shall exceed one hundred dollars; and the
said supreme and district courts, respectively, shall
possess chancery, as well as common-law juris-
diction. Each district court, or the judge thereof,
shall appoint its clerk, who shall also be the re-
gister in chancery, and shall keep his office at the
place where the court may be held. Writs of
error, bills of exception, and appeals, shall be al-
lowed in all cases from the final decision of said
district courts to the supreme court, under such
regulations as may be prescribed by lasv, but in
no case removed to the supreme court shall trial
by jury be allowed in said court. The supreme
court, or the justices thereof, shall appoint its
own clerk, and every clerk shall hold his office
at the pleasure of the court for which he shall have
been appointed. Writs of error and appeal from
the final decisions of said supreme court shall be
allowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the same manner, and
under the same regulations, as from the circuit
courts of the United States, where the value of the
property, or the amount in controversy, to be as-
certained by the oath or affirmation of either
party or other competent witness, sha*l exceed
one thousand dollars; except only that in all
cases involving title to slaves, the said writs
of error or appeals shall be allowed and decided
by the said supreme court without regard to the
value of the matter, property, or title in contro-
veisy; *nd except also that a writ of error or ap-
peal shall also be allowed to the Supreme Court of
the United States from the decision of the said su-
preme court created by this act, or of any judge
thereof, or of the district courts created by this
act, or of any jU(Jge thereof, upon any writ of
habeas corpus involving the question of personal
freedom; and each of the said district courts shall
have and exercise the same jurisdiction in all
cases arising under the Constuuuon and laws of
the United States as is vested in the circuit and
coul;ts the Unted States; and the said
supreme and districts courts of the said Territory
and the respective judges thereof, shall and may
grant wins of habeas corpus in all cases in which
the same are gran table by the judges of the United
States in the District of Columbia; and the first six
days of every term of said courts, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary,.shall be appropri-
ated to the trial of causes arising under the said
Constitution and laws; and writs of error and ap-
peals in all such cases shall be made to the
supreme court of said Territory, the same as in
otner cases. The said clerk shall receive, in all
such cases, the same fees which the clerks of the
disu-ict courts of Oregon Territory now receive
for similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there
sha.l be appointed an attorney for said Territory
who snail continue m office for four years, unleL'
sooner lemoved by the President, and who shall
receive the same fees and salary as the attorney of
the United States for the present Territoiy of Ore-
gon. There shall also be a marshal for the Terri
tory appointed, who shall hold his office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President
and who shall execute all processes issuing from
Aug. 28?
the said courts, when exercising their jurisdiction
as circuit and district courts of the United States;
he shall perform the duties, be subject to the
same regulation and penalties, and be entitled to
the same fees as the marshal of the district court
of the United States for the present Territory of
Oregon, and shall, in addition, be'paid two hun-
dred dollars annually as a compensation for extra
services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
governor, secretary, chief justice, and associate
justices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nomina-
ted, and, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, appointed by the President of the
United States. The governor and secretary to be
appointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as
such, respectively, take an oath or affirmation, be-
fore the district judge, or some justice of the peace
in the limits of said Territory, duly authorized to
administer oaths and affirmations by the laws now
in force therein, or before the chiefjustice or some
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, to support the Constitution of the
United States, and faithfully to discharge the du-
ties of their respective offices; which said oaths,
when so taken, shall be certified by the person by
whom the same shall have been taken, and such
certificates shall be received and recorded by the
said secretary among the executive proceedings;
and the chief justice and associate justices, and all
other civil officers in said Territory, before they
act as such, shall take a like oath or affirmation,
before the said governor or secretary, or some
judge or justice of the peace of the Territory, who
may be duly commissioned and qualified, which
said oath or affirmation shall be certified and
transmitted, by the person taking the same, to the
secretary, to be by him recorded as aforesaid; and
afterwards, the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken, certified, and recorded, in such manner and
form as may be prescribed by law. The govern-
or shall receive an annual salary of fifteen hun-
dred dollars as governor, and one thousand dol-
lars as superintendent of India# affairs. The
chief justice and associate justices shall each receive
an annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars.
The secretary shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars. The said salaries
shall be paid quarter-yearly, at the Treasury of
the United States. The members of the legisla-
tive assembly shall he entitled to receive three
dollars each per day during their attendance at the
sessions thereof, and three dollars each for every
twenty miles' travel ingoing to and returning from
the said sessions, estimated according to the nearest
usually-traveled route. There shall be appropri-
ated annually the sum of one thousand dollars, to
be expended by the governor, to defray the contin-
gent expenses of the Territory; there shall also be
appropriated annually a sufficient sum to be ex-
pended by the secretary of the Territory, and
upon an estimate to be made by the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States, to defray the
expenses of the legislative assembly, the printing
of the laws, and other incidental expenses; and the
secretary of the Territory shall annually account
to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States for the manner in which the aforesaid sum
shall have been expended.
Sec. 12, And he it further enacted, That the
legislative assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico shall hold its first session at such time arid
place in said Territory as thegovemor thereof shall
appoint and direct; and at said first session, or as
soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
governor and legislative assembly shall proceed to
locate and establish the seat of government for said
Territory at such place as they may deem eligible;
which place, however, shall thereafter be subject
to be changed by the said governor and legislative !
assembly. ° |
Sec. 13. And be it fmlher enacted, That a dele- !
gate to the House of Representatives of the United i
States, to serve during each Congress of the Uni- i
ted States, may be elected by the voters qualified
to elect members of the legislative assembly, who
shall be entitled to the same righis and privileges i
as are exercised and enjoyed by the delegates from •
the several other Territories of the United States j
to the said House of Representatives. The first j
election shall be held at such time and places, and ;
be conducted in such manner, as the Governor !
shall^ appoint and direct; and at all subsequent j
elections, the times, places, and manner of holding 1
the elections shall be prescribed by law. The per-
son having the greatest number of votes shall be
declared by the governor to be duly elected, and a
certificate thereof shall be given accordingly: Pro-
vided, That such delegate shall receive no higher
sum for mileage than'is allowed by law to the Del-
egate from Oregon.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That when the
lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed un-
der the direction of the Government of the United
States, preparatory to bringing the same into mar-
ket, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
each township in said Territory shall be, and the
seme are hereby, reserved for the purpose of beinn*
applied to schools in said Teiritory, and in the
States and Territories hereafter to be erected out
of the same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That, tem-
porarily, and until otherwise provided by law, the-
govemor of said Territory may define the judicial
districts of said Territory, and assign the judges
who may be appointed for said Territory to the
several districts, and also appoint the times and
places for holding courts in the several counties or
subdivisions in each of said judicial districts by
proclamation to be issued by him; but the legisla-
tive assembly, at their first or any subsequent ses-
sion, may organize, alter, or modify such judical
districts, and assign the judges, and alter the times
and places of holding the courts, as to them shall
seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
Constitution, and all laws of the United States,
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of
I New Mexico as elsewhere within the United
j States.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, Thatthe pro-
visions of this act be, and they are hereby, suspend-
ed until the boundary between the United States
and the State of Texas shall be adjusted; and when
such adjustment shall have been effected, the
President of the United States shall issue his proc-
lamation declaring this act to be in full force and
operation, and shall proceed to appoint the officers
herein provided to be appointed in and for said
Territory.
Sec. 18. Andbeit furtker enacted, Thatall that part
of the territory of the United States included within
the following limbs, to wit, bounded on the west
by the State of California, on the north by the
Territory of Oregon, and on the east by the sum-
mit of the Rocky mountains, and on the south by
the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude, be, and
the same is hereby, created into a temporary gov-
ernment, by the name of the Territory of Utah;
and when admitted as a State, the said Territory,
or any portion of the same, shall be received into
the Union with or without slavery, as their consti-
tution may prescribe at the timeof theiradmission :
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to inhibit the Government of the
United States from dividing said Territory into
two or more Territories, in such manner and at
such times as Congress shall deem convenient and
proper, or from attaching any portion of said Ter-
ritory to any other State or Territory of the United
States.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of Utah, shall be vested in a governor, who
shall hold his office for four years, and until his
successor shall befappointed and qualified, unless
sooner removed by the President of the United
States. The governor shall reside within said Ter-
ritory, shall be commander-in-chief of the militia
thereof, shall perform the duties and receive the
emoluments of superintendent, of Indian affairs,
and shall approve all laws passed by the legislative
assembly before they shall take effect; he may
grant pardons for offences against the laws of said
Territory, and reprieves for offences against the
laws of the United States until the decision of the
President can be made known thereon ; he shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to
office under the laws of the s :id Territory, and
shall take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted.
Sec 20. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States; he shall record and preserveall the
aws and proeeedings of the legislative assembly
