1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and pro-
ceedings of the governor in his executive depart-
ment; he shall transmit one copy of the laws and
one copy of the executive proceedings, on or be-
fore the first day of December in each year, to the
President of the United States, and at the same
time, two copies of the laws to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives, and the President of
the Senate, for the use of Congress. And in the
case of the death, removal, resignation, or other
necessary absence of the governor from the Ter-
ritory, the secretary shall "have, and he is hereby
authorized and required to execute and perform,
all the powers and dutres of the governor durino-
such vacancy or necessary absence, or until anoth-
er governor shall be duly appointed to fill such
vacancy.
Sf.c. 21 And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power and authority of said Territory shall
be vested in the governor and a legislative assem-
bly. The legislative assembly shall consist of a
•council and house of representatives. The coun-
cil shall -consist of thirteen members, having the
qualifications of voters as hereinafter prescribed,
whose term of service shall continue two years.
The house of representatives shall consist of
twenty-six members, possessing the same qualifi-
cations as prescribed for members of the council,
and whose term of service shall continue one year.
An apportionment shall be made, as nearly equal
as practicable, among the several counties or dis-
tricts, for the election of the council and house of
representatives, giving to each section of the Ter-
ritory representation m the ratio of its population,
Indians excepted, as nearly as may be. And the
members of the council and of the house of repre-
sentatives shall reside in, and be inhabitants of,
the district for which they may be.elected respect-
ively. Previous to the first election the governor
shall causc a census or enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the several counties and districts of the
Territory to be taken, and the first election shall
be held at such time and places, and be conducted
in such manner, as the governor shall appoint and
direct; and he shall, at the same time, declare the
number of members of the council and house of
representatives to which each of the counties or
districts shall be entitled under this act. The
number of persons authorized to be elected having
the highest number of votes in each of said coun-
cil districts for members of the council shall be
declared by the governor to be duly elected to the
council; and the person or persons authorized to
be elected having the highest number of votes for
the house of representatives, equal to the number
lo which each county or district shall be entitled,
shall be declared by the governor to be duly
elected members of the house of representatives:
Provided, That in case of a tie between two or
more persons voted for, the governor shall order a
new election to supply the vacancy made by such
a tie. And the persons thus elected to the legisla-
tive assembly shall meet at such place, and on
such day, as the governor shall appoint; but there-
after, the time, place* and manner of holding and
conducting all elections by the people, and the ap-
portioning the representation m the several coun-
ties or districts to the council and house of repre-
sentatives, according to population, shall be
prescribed by law, as well as the day of the com-
mencement of the regular sessions of the legislative
assembly: Provided, That no one session shall j
exceed the term of forty days.
Slc. 22. And be if further enacted, That every
free white male inhabitant above the age of twenty-
one years, who shall have been a resident of said
Territory at the time of the passage of this act,
shall be entitled to vote at the first election, and shall
be eligible to any office within the said territory;
but the qualifications of voters and of holding
office, at all subsequent elections, shall be such as
shall be prescribed by the legislative assembly:
Provided, That the right of suffrage and of hold-
ing office shall be exercised only by citizens of the
United States, including those recognized as citi-
zens by the treaty with the Republic of Mexico,
concluded February second, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight.
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That thelegis-
lative power of said Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation, consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provis-
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed in-
terfering with the primary disposal of the soil; no
tax shall be imposed upon the property of the
United States; nor shall the lands or other prop-
erty of non-residents be taxed higher than the
lands or other property of residents. AH the laws
passed by the legislative assembly and governor
shall be submitted to the Congress of the United
States, and if disapproved shall be null and of no
effect.
Sec. 24. Andbe it further enacted, Thatall town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein
otherwise provided for, shall be appointed or elect-
ed, as the case may be, in such manner as shall
be provided by the governor and legislative assem-
bly of the Territory of Utah. The governor shall
nominate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the legislative council, appoint all officers not
herein otherwise provided for; and in the first
instance the governor alone may appoint all said
officers, who shall hold their offices until the end
of the first session of the legislative assembly, and
shall lay off the necessary districts for members
of the council and house of representatives, and
all other officers.
Sec 25. Andbe it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the legislative assembly shall hold, or be
appointed to, any office which shall have been
created, or the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased while he was a member,
during the term for which he was elected, and for
one year after the expiration of such term; and no
person holding- a commission or appointment un-
der the United States, except postmasters, shall be
a member of the legislative assembly, or shall
hold any office under the government of said Ter- ,
ritory.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted^ That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested in
a supreme court, district courts, probate courts,
and in justices of the peace. The supreme court ;
shall consist of a chief justice and two associate ,
justices, any two of whom shall constitute a quo- ;
rum, and who shall hold a term at the seat of gov-
ernment of said Territory annually, and they
shall hold their offices during the period of four ,
years. The said Territory shall be divided into
three judicial districts, and a district court shall j
be heid in each of said districts by one of the i
justices of the supreme court at such time and j
place as may be prescribed by law; and the said j
judges shall,after theirappointments, respectively, !
reside in the districts which shall be assigned ;
them. The jurisdiction of the several courts 1
herein provided for, both appellate and original, \
and that of the probate courts and of justices of;
the peace, shall be as limited by law: Provided, |
That justices of the peace shall not have jnrisdic- {
tion of any matter in controversy when the title
or boundaries of land may be in dispute, or where :
the debt or sum claimed shall exceed one hundred i
dollars; and the said supreme and district courts ;
respectively shall possess chancery as well as
common law jurisdiction. Each district court, or
the judge thereof, shall appoint its clerk, who 1
shall also be the register in chancery, and shall
keep his office at the place wheie the couit may j
be held. Writs of error, bills of exception, and
appeals, shall be allowed, in all cases, from the
final decisions of said district courts to the su-
preme court, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by law; but in no case removed to the
suprente court, shall trial by jury be allowed in
said court. The supreme court, or the justices
thereof, shall appoint its own clerk, and every
clerk shall hold his office at the pleasure of
the court for which he shall have been appoint-
ed. Writs of en or, and appeals from the final
decisions of said supreme court, shall be al-
lowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court
of the United States, in the same manner and
under the same regulations as from the circuit
courts of the United States, where the value of the
property or the amount in controversy, to be
ascertained by the oath or affirmation of either
party, or other competent witness, shall exceed
one thousand dollars, except only that, in all cases
involving title to slaves, the said writs of error or
appeals shall be allowed and decided by the said
supreme court, without regard to the value of the
matter, property, or title in controversy; and ex-
cept, also, that a writ of error or appeal shall also
he allowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States, from the decisions of the said supreme
court created by this act, or of any judge thereof,
or of the district courts created by this act, or of
; any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus
| involving the question of personal freedom; and
j each of the said district courts shall have and ex-
| eicise the same jurisdiction in all cases arising
i under the Constitution and laws of the Unitel
i States as is vested in the circuit and district courts
of the United States; and the said supreme and
district courts of the said Territory, and the re-
spective judges thereof, shall and may grant writs
of habeas corpus in all cases in which the same are
grantable by the judges of the United States in the
District of Columbia; and the first six days of
every term of said courts, or so much thereof as
shall be necessary, shall be appropriated to the
trial of causes arising under the said Constitution
and laws, and writs of error and appeal in all such
j cases shall be made to the supreme court of said
! Territory, the same as in other cases. Tue &aid
clerk shall receive in all such cases the same fees
■ which the clerks of the district courts of Oregon.
j Territory now receive for similar services.
] Sec. 27. Jlnd be it further cnactedf That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for fouryears, unless
sooner removed by the President, and who shall
receive the same fees and salary as the attorney of
the United States for the present Territory of Ore- "
gon. There shall also be a marshal for the Terri-
tory appointed, who shall hold his office for four
years, unless sooner removed by the President,
and who shall execute all processes issuing from
the said courts, when exercising their jurisdiction
as circuit and district courts of the United States:
he shall perform the duties, be subject to the same
regulation and penalties, and be entitled to the
same fees as the marshal of the district court of
the United States for the present Territory of Ore-
gon; and shall, in addition, be paid two hundred
dollars annually asa compensation for extra ser-
vices.
Sec. 28. Andbe it further enactedf That the gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice and associate jus-
tices, attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appointed by the President of the United
States. The governor and secretary to be ap-
pointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as.such
respectively, take an oath or affirmation, before
the district judge, or some justice of the peace in
the limits of said Territory, duly authorized to ad-
minister oaths and affirmations by the laws now
in force therein, or before the chief justice or some
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, to support the Constitution of the
United States, and faithfully to discharge the du-
ties of their respective offices; which said oaths,
when so taken, shall he certified by the per-
son by whom the same shall have been taken,
and such certificates shall be received and re-
corded by the said secretary among the execu-
tive proceedings; and the chief justice and as-
sociate justices, and all other civil officers in said
Territory, before they act as such, shall take
a like oath or affirmation, before the said gov-
ernor or secretary, or some judge or juslicc of the
peace of ihe Territory, who may be duly com-
missioned and qualified, which said oath or affirma-
tion shall be certified and transmitted, by the per-
son taking the same, to the secretary, to be by him
recorded as aforesaid; and afterwards, the like oath
or affirmation shall be taken, certified, and record-
ed, in such manner and form as may be prescribed
by law. The governor shall receive an annual
salary of fifteen hundred dollars as governor, and
one thousand dolors as superintendent of Indian
affairs. The chief justice and associate justices
shall each receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. The secretary shall receive an
annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
said salaries shall be paid quarter-yearly, at the
Treasury of the United States. The members of
the legislative assembly shall be entitled to receive
three dollars each per day during their attendance
at the sessions thereof, and three dollars each for
twenty miles travel, in going to and returning from
the said sessions, estimated according to the nearest
usually traveled route. There shall be appropri-
ated annually the sum of one thousand dollars, to
be expended by the governor to defray the con-
tingent expenses of the Territory. There shall
also be appropriated, annually, a sufficient sum, to
be expended by the secretary of the Territory,
and upon an estimate to be made by the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States to (hrr^y
