1850.
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5M
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, resolutions from the same, requesting the
Senators and Representatives in Congress to urge
the settlement of the claims of Captain William
Napton, a citizen of New Jersey, against the
United States, for compensation for clothing and
subsistence, furnished to a company of New
Jersey volunteers, enlisted by him for the Mexi-
can war; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition of citizens
of New Jersey, asking the establishment of an
additional collection district in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON presented a memorial from the
register and receiver of the land-office at St.
Augustine, Florida, asking to be allowed commis-
sions on entries of lands under military bounty
laud warrants; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial from James J. Stark, a settler
under the act of 1842, for the armed occupation of
East Florida, asking that a patent may be issued
for the lands settled by him; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Newcastle and its vicinity, in Maine, asking a
reduction of the rates of postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post-Office and
Post Roads.
Also presented, a petition of merchants, ship-
owners, and others, citizens of Portland, Maine,
and a petition of the Portland Marine Society,
asking the completion of the breakwater and the
erection of a light-house in the harbor of Port-
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Brown county, Wisconsin,
asking a grant of land for the construction of a
road from Green Bay, m that State, to St. Paul's,
in Minnesota Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Indiana, asking that bounty lands may be granted
to the officers and soldiers who served in the last
war with Great Britain, and the several Indian
wars; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr CHASE presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Ohio, in favor of a law reducing the
price of the public lands in the State of Ohio, and
confining the sales of such lands to actual settlers
in quarter section tracts; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens of
Kalamazoo, Michigan, asking a reduction of the
rates of postage to two cents on all prepaid letters
not exceeding half an ounce.
Mr. CLEMENS presented six petitions of citi-
zens of Alabama, asking that the office of chaplain
in the public service may be abolished. He said,
I present them, but I take occasion to say, that I
tlnnk them a great humbug. I prefer the right of
instruction to the right of petition. The petitions
were then referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WEBSTER Mr. President, if the Senate
will indulge me, I wish to make a few remaiks on
a matter personal to myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no ob-
jection, the Senator from Massachusetts will be
heard. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WEBSTER. Some persons, sir, are edi-
fying the Senate and the House, and 1 suppose
the country, by sending round a little scrap of
paper, with my name at the top of it, and quoting
from a speech delivered by me, in my place here,
in 1848, if I mistake not, in which I said that " my
* opposition to the increase of slavery in this coun-
4 try, or to the increase of slave representation in
♦Congress, is general and universal. It has no
' reference to the lines of latitude, or the points of
' the compass. I shall oppose all such extension,
' and all such increase, in all things, under ail cir-
* cumstances, even against all inducements, against
4 all combinations, against all compromises.—Dan-
* iel Webster, 1846."
I believe the passage has been quoted in the
Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. It has.
Mr.-WEBSTER. I undertake to say, that any
body who quotes that speech, for the purpose of
showing any inconsistency between the sentiments
I hold now, and those which i Addressed to the
Senate then, either does not understand the subject,
oris not candid. There is no inconsistency. There
is no inconsistency whatever, between anything
which I ever said in the Senate, and the speech
which I addressed to the Senate a fortnight ago.
No man can show any such inconsistency. 1 have
never voted for any increase of slavery, or slave
territory; but 1 have said, that I will stand to the
plighted faith of the Government; and if others
have bound the Government by particular stipula-
uons, I shall not set up my own individual opinion
upon the constitutionality of the law creating those
pledges it is not the part of a statesman so to
act; u is not the part of a member of Congress so
to act; and lastly, it is not the part of an intelli-
gent and honest man so to act.
1 repeat, sir, that there is not a man in the coun-
try, here or elsewhere, of candor and intelligence,
that can see for himself, and that wiil suggest to
others, that there is a particle of diffeience be-
tween the remarks which I addressed to the Sen-
ate heie some fortnight or ten days ago, and any-
thing that was, either in 1848, or at any other time,
or in any other place, spoken by me on this sub-
ject; and the man who says there is, 1 repeat, is
either not intelligent or not candid.
Mr. HALE. 1 read the quotation in the re-
marks I made to the Senate the other day, cer-
tainly under no l'eehng of want uf respect for the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, and
without expressing any opinion as to whether
this is a discrepancy between the sentime.us he
advocated m 1848, and those which he advocates
now. I made no assertion of that sort; I merely
read the quotation, and left the country to judge
of that question. The honoiable Senator thinks
that if there are any persons who see discrepan-
cies, they are either wanting in candor or wanting
m intelligence. Now, however any one would
shnnk fiom. so severe a censure, coming from
such a quarter, I will say, being thus challenged,
that to my mind the diifeience is a very great one.
It should be remembered, that the resolutions of
1845, which the honorable Senatoi thinks have
bound the plighted tauh of this Government to
admit four new slave States out of the Territory
of Texas, had aheady passed in 1848, and had as
much binding force m 1848 as they have 111 1850,
and yet, if 1 understand the remarks made by the
honorable Senator in 1848, his opposition to the
increase of slavery in the country was general and
universal, without qualification, " against all in*
' ducements, all combinations, and, all compro-
' tmses-" But, sir, the two speeches are before the
country, and no asseition that I can make, and no
denial that anybody else can make, can blind the
common sense of the country to what they mean.
If there is no discrepancy, the honorable Senator
will seem to be right; if there be a discrepancy, it
is for the country to judge of it; but in the re-
marks which I made, 1 gave the quotation, with-
out stating whether there was a discrepancy or
not.
Mr. WEBSTER. If the honoraible member
did not make that quotation for the purpose of
uttering or intimating a suggestion that theie was
an li.consistency, i cannot conceive lor what pur-
pose he did make it. He may—he may; but 1
cannot see the object of his remark Why, what
is there that 1 have said since 1848? Any fair
mteipretation ot my remarks in 1848 would mean,
and can only mean, that 1 would be accessory to
bringing in no new slave terntoiy into the Union, |
and i have not been, it cannot be fairly-constiued j
to mean tiiat I would seek to undo what Congress j
has done, to oppose my own opinion to the law of !
the land and the Constitution of the country.
foir, I ha\e always said, and done whatever I
could, to resist the acquisition of slave territory.
I voted against the war, because ihat wai was made
in order to obtain, by conquest, slave territory. I
voted against the treaty, because that treaty was
made for the puiposeof bringing slave territory
into the Union How did the member from New
Hampshire vote on the ratification of the treaty?
Mr. I1ALE. I voted for it.
Mr. WEBSTER. I supposed he did, so I do
not stand upon the same ground with him in that
respect. I voted against that treaty m 1848 as I
would vote against it now; and if that gentleman
had stood by me, and two or three other gentle-
men on this side of the chamber, this controversy
would never have arisen. We should have got
paid our money, and if we had not, I should
hardly have cared, provided we had not purchased
this bone of contention. But the gentleman him-
self did vote for the treaty bringing ?n these new
conquests, and now he is afraid there will be
slavery there—now he is desirous of covering the
white tops of its hills, and the barren sides of its
mountains, and its useless valleys, under the pro-
tection of a law of Congress, against slavery.
Why did he not keep out the teriitory, keep
the question out, keep this controversy out?
Mr. HALE. I want to make one further ex-
planation, sir; and I am sorry, very sorry, to be
driven do to it. The honorable Senator asks me
why I did not vote to keep it out? I call upon
the Senate to mark what I am about to say. A
motion was made by the Senator from Connecticut
to insert in the treaty a provision keeping slavery
out of the whole country that v/e should acquire,
and upon that vote my name stands recorded in
favor of the proposition; and upon that vote, the
name of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts does not appear at all, although it appears
that he was in the Senate five minutes before, and
five minutes after, the vote was taken. So much
for that, sir. Again: when this treaty was before
the Senate, another proposition was made by the
Senator from North Carolina to insert an amend-
ment to the boundaries, so as to leave out all the
territory about which there was any dispute, ex-
cept the disputed boundary of Texas. I do not
remember how the Senator fiom Massachusetts
voted on that motion,5* but I know how I voted.
I voted to keep it out, to amend the treaty so that
the whole territory might be left out, and simply
to settle the boundary between this country and
Texas. And, sir, there were not fifteen—not one
third of the Senate found to vote for that amend-
ment. 1 do not remember how the Senator from
Massachusetts voted on that occasion, but the
record will show. I voted in fact against the war;
I voted against all supplies to the war; and 1 voted
for the treaty, because I thought, m the words I
think of Benjamin Franklin, that there never could
be a good war or a bad peace; that peace whs bet-
ter than war, and therefore that I would take the
best peace that I could get. I tried to make the
peace better, but when I found that we had got
the best that we could get, I took it.
It was, sir, with no purpose of provoking con-
troversy with the Senator from Massachusetts, or
any one else, that I alluded to this matter. He
says, and says with great truth, that if the remark
was not made under the impression that there was
a discrepancy, he does not know what it was made
for. I state distinctly that 1 do believe there is a
difference, and a very wide one, between the posi-
tion assumed by the honorable Senator in 1848,
and the position assumed by him a few days since.
If I am mistaken in this, 1 am not alone in it.
The whole country, sir, so understands it. I
think there have been the most flattering words,
and the highest commendation, bestowed upon the
honorable Senator for the position he has taken in
1850, from sources where, for the first ume m his
life, he has h'ud anything savoring of commenda-
tion. It will be found m a newspaper published
in ihis city, the mos-t constant, most uniform, and
most unscrupulous in abusing, without measure,
every man from the North, that has stood up for
northern lights, and the honorable Senator among
the i est, until the speech made the other day; I allude
* Note.—We liave been requested to append the follow-
ing to the remarks made hy Mr. Mat e:
Hy ipierente to the Journal of the Senate, it appears that
on tl.c motion made In Mr. Baouer. o Hmend the tivaty
with Mexico, i-o to leave out all the t^rrituiy except what
Texas ■ Jainifd as within her houiidaiy, Mi. Webstlr vouul
with those who were lor striking out the increase ot ttrn-
torv.
The yeas and nays were as follows, on the question,
" Shall these words stand as part of the fifth article ot the
tre-jtv j"'—
Yeas—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton. B.ttrhy,
Bell, Benton, Bradbury, Breese, (Slight, butler. Calhoun,
< nnicion, Ca.-*, Davj.- of Mi-MS-ippi, Dickinson, Dix, i'oujr-
lat- Downs, Filch, Foote, H.tmieyan, Hunter, Joim-on of
Maryland. John-on of Louisiana, Johnson of GeoijiM,
Lewis, Mason, Moore, Nih-s, Rusk, 3 vier, -tarpon,
Turney, find Yulee.
Nays'—Messrs'. Badger, Baldwin, fUnrien, Clarke, Cor-
win, Davis of M*i!tsaehu*ms\ (*r« en, Hnh\ Miliar, i'aarce,
Phelps, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, mjd \Veb.vti-r.
