1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Aug. 28,
the expenses of the legislative assembly, the print-
ing of the laws, and other incidental expenses; and
the secretary of the Territory shall annually ac-
count to the secretary of the Treasury of the
United States for the manner in which the afore-
said sum shall have been expended.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative assembly of the Territory of Utah shall
hold its first session at such time and place in said
Teiritory as the governor thereof shall appoint and,
direct; and at said first session, or as soon thereaf-
ter as they shall deem expedient, the governor and
legislative assembly shall proceed to locate and es-
tablish the seat of government for said Territory,
at such place as they may deem eligible; which
place, however, shall thereafter be subject to be
changed by thesaid governor and legislative assem-
bly.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That a dele-
pate to the House of Representatives of the United
States, to serve during each Congress of the United
States, may be elected by the voters qualified to
elect members of the legislative assembly, who
shall be entitled to the same rights and privihges as
are exercised and enjoyed by the delegates from
the several other Territories of the United States
to the said House of Representatives. The first
election shall be held at such time and places, and
be conducted in such manner, as the governor
shall appoint or direct; and at all subsequent elec-
tions, the times, places, and manner of holding the
elections shall be prescribed by law. The person
having the greatest number of votes shall be de-
clared by the governor to be duly elected, and a
certificate thereof shall be given accordingly: Pro-
vided, That said delegate shall receive no higher
sum for mileage than is allowed by law to the dele-
gate from Oregon.
Sec 31. And be it further enacted, That when
the lands in the said Territory shall be surveyed
under the dnection of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, preparatory to bringing the same into
market, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six
in each township in said Territory shall be, and
same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of being
applied to schools in said Territory, and in the
States and Territories hereafter to be erected out
of the same.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That tempo-
rarily, and until otherwise provided by law, the
governor of said Territory may define the judicial
districts of said Territory, and assign the judges
who may be appointed for said Territory to the
several districts, and also appoint the times arid
places for holding courts in the several counties or
subdivisions in each of said judicial districts, by
proclamation to be issued by him; but the legisla-
tive assembly, at their first or any subsequent ses-
sion, may organize, alter, or modify such judicial
districts, and assign the judges, and alter the times
and places of holding the courts, as to them shall
seem proper and convenient.
Sec. 33. Jiad be it further enacted, That the
Constitution and laws of the United States are
lieieby extended over and declared to be in force
in said Territory of Utah, so far as the same, or
any provision thereof, may be applicable.
The Clerk commenced to read the amendment—
Mr. BURT interposed,and inquired if it was in
order now to move to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee ot the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Boyd] has been recognized, and is en-
titled to the floor; and the gentleman has offered
an amendment. It will not be in-order for the gen-
tleman to submit the motion to refer the bill until
the gentleman from Kentucky has yielded the
floor. The amendment will be reported to the
House.
The Clerk again proceeded with the reading.
Mr. DUER (interposing) was understood to say
that he supposed the amendment was a Senate bill,
and to ask if it would not be in order to dispense
with its leading?
The SPEAKER said, the reading might be dis-
pensed with by geneial consent.
Objections vvere made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked that order
be preserved, so that members in his part of the
House could hear what was doing.
The Clerk then resumed ana continued the
reading for some time.
Mr. MEADE interposed, and rose to a question
of order. He made the point that the amendment
was not germane to the bill, and therefore not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
point of order raised by the gentleman, if he de-
sires it, before the remainder of the amendment is
read.
Mr. MEADE. I desire that the point of order
shall be decided now.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
requested the gentleman from Virginia to state his
point of order.
Mr. MEADE. My point of order is, that this
amendment is not pertinent to the bill, and there-
fore not in order under the 55th rule of the House,
which I ask shall be read:
"No motion or proposition on a. subject different from
that under consideration shall be admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be
amended bv annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
Mr. MEADE submitted that the amendment
offered bv the gentleman from Kentucky came
within this rule, and was, therefore, out of order.
He also made the point, that it was out of order on
thefurtherground, that the proposition flow offered
as an amendment was pending as a bill before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia submits, as a point of order, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky is not in
order, on two grounds: first, that it is not germane
to the Hill under consideration, and therefore not
admissible under the fifty-fifth rule; and second,
that it is composed of propositions contained in
other bills pending before the House. The Chair i?
of opinion that the bill from the Senate under con-
sideration brings before the House the question of
the territory acquired by us from Mexico, and that
all propositions affecting: that territory—proposing
to dispose of it, or to provide for it—are germane
to the bill, and are in order as amendments.
With regard to the second ground made by the
gentleman from Virginia, the Chair understands
the gentleman from Kentucky to state that the
amendment is not the same in all its provisions as
the bills which have come from the Senate. That
being the case, though it includes the same pro-
visions to a very great extent, it does not come
within the rule, but is in order.
Mr. BOYD If the House will allow me, I
will state the fact that the bills sent from the Sen-
ate for the establishment of territorial governments
over New Mexico and also over Utah, each con-
tain a provision for a library and for public build-
ings, which provision in each case I have stricken
out. The amendment which I offer is not, there-
fore, the bill of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, for the reasons
which he has given, overrules the point of order
proposed by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. ALLEN. I move, if it is in order, an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky. ~~
Mr. SCHENCK. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and on that question I ask
| the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question being, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?
Mr. ASHE requested that the point o^order
and the decision be stated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
has submitted, as a point of order, that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky is
not in order, upon two grounds, viz: that it is not
germane to the bill,and that it contains provisions
similar to those of bills pending before the House.
The Chair overrules both points of order.
Mr. VINTON. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Kentucky, i wish to know
whether the boundary of this amendment of the
gentleman does not extend into the territory of
California?
Mr. BOYD. No; it does not.
Mr. THOMPSON. I object to all this conver-
sation.
The SPEAKER said that conversation was not
in order.
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll.
Mr. SCHENCK said, he wished to say a few
words upon the appeal.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman was not in
order, as the Clerk had commenced the call of the
roll, and a gentleman had answered to his name.
Mr. SCHENCK said he had risen five minutes
ago, and had addressed the Chair before the call
was commenced.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman had
not been recognized by the Chair until the call had
commenced. The Chair hoped, however, there
would be no objection to the gentleman proceeding.
Objection was made.
Mr. SCHENCK, Will it be in order for me to
call for the reading of the titles of these two bills
which are now offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky as an amendment to the bill now before
the House
The SPEAKER said, the call had commenced,
and the gentleman could not have what he desired
read, any more than he could speak to the appeal,
unless unanimous consent were given1.
Objections were made.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed his scat reluctantly—
warning gentlemen that if they undertook this?
system of choking members down, they might de-
feat the very objects they had in view.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?" was taken-,
and resulted—yeas 123, nays 83; as follow:
YEAS—Moots. Albertson, ANton. Anderson, A'hmim,
Averett, Bay, Bavly, Beale, Bisseil, Bok* e, Bowden, Bowie,
Bowlm, Bovd, Brock. Brooks, William J- Brown, Bue&,
Burt, Chester Butler, E. C.Cabell, George A. Caldwell.Joseph
P. Caldwell, Casey, Clingman. W. R. W. Cobb, Colcnek,
Daniel, Deberry, Dimmkk, Duer, Dunham, Kdni'in 'son,
Alexander Evans. Ewing, Fc.atheMon, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry,
Gfrrv, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Grirmell. Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond, Hampton. Haralson. Harlan. I-ham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Ilavmond, Hihbard, Hilhard, Hoa«hind,
Holmes, Houston. Howard, Hubbud, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson. Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones Kaufman, Kerr, La Sere, Leffier, Little-
field, Job Mann. Marshall, Mason, McCleinand, McDonnld,
McDowell. McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, F?ni* E-.
McLean, McMullen, McQueen, MeWilhe, Meacham, Mill-
son, Morehead. Moi^e, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
Pea^l^e, Phoenix, Potter, Powell, Robbirw, Ro^-e, Rms*. Sav-
age, Seddon, Shepperd, Sianly, Frederick P. Stnnton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Strong, Taylor, Thoma*, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thnrman, Toombs,
Venable, Walden, Wallace, Walking Wellborn, Wildnck,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—J23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A^he, Baker, Bennett,
Bingham, Booth, Brigs*, Albert G. Brown, Burio'v,
Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Caitter,
Chandler, Clarke. Cole, Corwin, Crowell. Di&ney, Dixon,
Doty. Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowlnr,
Freedley. Giddings, Gott. Gould. Halloway, H.tv, Hebard,
Henrv, Howe, Hunter, William T Jackson, Julian, George:
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Hor-
ace Mann, Matteson, MeGan«hey, McKi««ock, Meade,
Moore, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Peck, Pitman,
Putnam, Reynolds, Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rumsev,
Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehenek, Schermerhom, Sehoolcrnftj-
Silve^ter, Spaulding, Sprague, Stetson, Sweet*er,Tuck, Un-
derbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, White,
Whittlesey, Wilmot, Wood, and Woodward—83.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed by
the House; and the amendment of Mr. Boyd was
ruled to be in order.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
the amendment.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. INGE interposed and, remarking that it
would take some time to complete the reading,
moved that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the amend-
ment has been insisted upon and must be com-
pleted. It cannot be interrupted by a motion to
adjourn.
The reading was resumed.
Mr. BOYD resumed the floor.
Mr. CLiNGMAN requested the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] to yield the floor, to
enable him (Mr. C.) to have an amendment read
which he desired to propose to the amendment.
The intended amendment is as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all that portion of territo-
ry acquired tiom Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, bounded as? follows : By a line commencing in the
Pacific ocean, on the parallel of 36° north latitude, three
miles from the main land, running thence due ea^t till
it strikes the Sierra Nevada, thence eastvvardly and noitli-
wardly with ihe crest of said mountain range until it strikes
the parallel ot 37° north latitude, thence due east with
said parallel until it strikes the Siena Madre, thence
southerly with the crest of ihe same until it reaches the
boundary between fie [Jrnted Stales and the Republic of
Mexico, thence westwardly with said boundary to the Pa-
cific ocean, thence northwardly with the coast to the be-
ginning; the whole ot the -aid territory to constitute the
territory of Colorado ; and that the government ot said ter-
ritory shall in all respects be similar to that provided for
the territory of New Mexico by the accompanying provis-
ions of this hill.
Mr. BOYD. I do not know what the amend-
ment is, and f cannot yield the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I appeal to
the gentleman from Kentucky to yield the floor.
