THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session,
THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1850.
New Series.No. 38.
any early decision in regard to the matter, and
thus cause the printing to be still further delayed.
I am willing to incorporate the language of the
resolution of 1819 into my resolution, and I pre-
sume that the honorable Senator from Arkansas
will not object. But I would observe, that the
resolution is merely a resolution of instruction to
the Committee on Printing; and perhaps they may
adopt the very plan suggested by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, so that each body should
have the control of its own printing.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I have al-
ready moved to lay this subject upon the table for
the present.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator from New
York withdraw that motion for a moment? I de-
sire to make only one word of explanation.
Mr. DICKINSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BORLAND. The Committee on Printing
are as anxious to be relieved from this labor, as any
member of the Senate can be to relieve them. It
has beep a very unpleasant duty they have had to
perform, and they have not been able to perform it
satisfactorily to themselves. The difficulties lie in
the mode taken to have the work done, and not in
the manner in which the work has been executed.
As the Senator from Missouri says, the evil is a
radical one, and ought to be corrected; but the
honorable Senator from Missouri will recollect
that the present system i3 the law of the land; it
has been adopted by a law of Congress, and any
change that is made, must be to repeal the existing
law and adopt a new system. The object of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, as 1 under-
•stand it, is to make the present law available,
rather than to make a radical change, which might
require so much time as to defeat the object he has
in view.
Mr. BELL. I still suppose, that if the two
houses should concur, a joint resolution could be
carried at once; but I think it is within the scope
and power of that committee to adopt such a joint
resolution if they think proper. I hope the vote
on the question may be taken now.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now renew my motion
to lay this resolution upon the table.
Mr. BELL. I hope the honorable Senator from
New York will so modify his motion, that the
subject shall be merely postponed til! to-morrow.
Mr. DICKINSON. That is all I mean. 1 now ;
call for the special order of the day. j
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table, and it was agreed j
to. |
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA. j
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration j
of the President's message, transmitting the con- i
"stitution of the Slate of California. |
Mr. HUNTER, who was entitled to the floor, j
addressed the Senate for nearly two hours. [Of i
his lemarks, a report will appear in the Appen- i
dix.] j
Mr. UPHAM. I desire to express my senti- I
ments on this question; and as I believe the most, i
if not the whole, of the week is already taken up !
by other questions, I move to postpone the further |
consideration of this one until Monday next. ;
DEBATES OF THE CALIFORNIA CONVENTION. I
Mr. FOOTE. I beg leave to offer the following ,
resolution: I
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to ;
procure from the publisher, Mr. J. Ross Drown, copies j
of the debates ofihe convention of California, on the form- !
ation of thoir State constitution, in September, 1849 : pro-
vided the same shall be furnished at a rate not exceeding
the price at which it is furnished to subscribers and other
individuals.
This resolution will, of course, under the rule,
lie over; but I have thought u best to make a
brief explanation, in order to draw the attention
of the Senate to the subject, in the hope that it
may be taken up at an early day, and adopted.
The work to which the resolution alludes—a por-
tion of which I hold in my hand—is to consist of
some four or five hundred pages, neatly bound, and,
commencing with the first proclamation of General
Riley, calling a convention to frame a constitution,
38
the number of votes polled, the places of election, the
names of the delegates, and the districts they rep-
resented, it will also contain careful stenographic
reports of the debates, a copy of the daily journal
of the proceedings, a copy of the constitution, &c.
I will merely add, in addition, that I have exam-
ined the work thoroughly—most of it in the manu-
script: and though my opinion may be entitled to
little weight on the subject, I believe that the
whole debates will be of immense importance to
the country, as serving to explain a great variety
of points; in reference to which much dispute has
occujred heie and elsewhere.
Several Senators. Let it be acted upon now.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, if Senators are prepared
now to act upon the resolution, and to fill the
blank, they will act accordingly.
Mr. TURNEY. Let it he over.
Objection being made to its consideration, the
resolution lies over.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives, to
supply deficiencies in appropriations, for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1850,
was read the first and second Hme by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM,the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 26, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HAYMOND rose, and asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion, which he had sent to the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER said the resolution would be
read for information.
Mr. INGE rose, and asked for the regular order
of business.  
The SPEAKER said, objection having been
made, the resolution could not be received.
CHARGE AGAINST THE SPEAKER.
Mr. PRESTON KING rose, he said, to a
privileged question. He offered the following reso-
lution; which was read:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, on the bill to admit rhe
State ot California into the Union, printed by order of the
House, and now under consideration in ^aid committee,
shall cease at o'clock on , (if the committee {-hall
nor sooner come to a conclusion upon the same ;) and the
committee shall then proceed to vote on such amendments
as may be pending or offered to the same, and shall then
report it to the Hoii^e with puch amendments as may have
been agreed toby the committee."
Mr. PRESTON KING was proceeding to make
a remark, when
Mr. BOYD interposed, and said he believed
that the resolution was not debatable.
Mr. PRESTON KING proceeded to remark
that the resolution was left blank 
The SPEAKER said he would state to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. King,] that the
resolution in the form in which ithad been offered,
was not in order, and the Chair would briefly state
the reasons for this decision.
A resolution providing for the termination of
the debate on the special message of the President
of the United States, transmitting the constitution
of California, was in order. The rule of the House
under which the resolution of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. King,] was proposed to be offered,
was a rule giving to the House the power to stop
debate upon matters pending before the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, which had
been referred to that committee by the House.
The form of the resolution now offered by the
gentleman from New York was, that all debate m
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the bill providing for the admission of Cali-
fornia, as a State into the Union, should be termina-
ted. The question pending before the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and which
had been referred to it by the House, was the
message of the President of the United State3,
transmitting the constitution of California, A res-
olution to .stop the debate on that message, would
have the effect to stop debate upon all piopositions
whatever which might be made in committee in
connection with it. The object" of stopping the
debate on the message, would thus be effected,
in accordance with the design of the rule. But,
so far as the bill now before the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, providing for
the admission of California into the Union, was
concerned, that bill originated in the committee,
and had not been referred to the committee by the
House. The House had no cognizance or infor-
mation of that bill, and the effect would be precisely
the same. But the resolution must be so expressed
as to provide for the termination of the debate on
the special message of the President, transmit-
ting the constitution of California; and it would
have the effect to stop the debate upon the bill,
and all other propositions, which might be before
the committee in relation to it.
Mr. KING said, that the form of the resolution
was a matter of'indifference to him, so long as he
attained his objcct by it. The object which he
desired to effect was, to produce an order of the
House, requiring the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to report the bill for the ad-
mission of California to the House, as it was now
tinder consideration, and as it had been ordered to
be printed by the House, disconnected from other
.propositions—that it might be brought into the
House, where a vote might be taken, and where
the recoid would show what that vote was,
whether other propositions should be connected
with it, or not.
Mr. INGE rose to a question of order. He
desired to know upon what question the gentleman
was addressing the House, whether he had ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER said that the Chair had
made a decision, and had assigned the reasons for
that decision*, and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. King] wua now making a suggestion to the
Chair on that point.
Mr. KING said he should prefer that the reso-
lution should be put to the House, in the form in
which he had offered it. He believed that it was
in order.# His object was to have a vote of the
House (for as to the opinions of a majority of
the House, there was no doubt) ordering the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to report to the House the bill now under its consid-
eration; and his reason for this course was, that
he had understood that there was a scheme 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentleman
is now traveling beyond the point of order.
Mr. KING. I hope I may be allowed to state
the leason why I desne that the resolution should
be put to the House, in the form in which I have
presented it. 1 have good reason for desiring that
it should be.
Mr. INGE rose to a question of order. He
submitted that the remarks of the gentleman were
not in order.
The SPEAKER. The discussion on the reso-
lution can proceed only by the unanimous consent
of the House; and the Chair will state, that a
resolution pending for the termination of debate,
is a privileged question—isolated—directed to one
particular point—that is to say, to the termination
of the debate. Within the recollection of the
Chair, this privileged resolution had never been
used for the purpose of directing or controlling
the legislation of the Committee of the W hole on
the state of the Union. The one single object had
been, to stop debate; and the moment the resolu-
tion went beyond that point, it loses the privileged
character which alone, under the rule, gives it &,
title to be received at any time.
Mr. PRESTON KING. The resolution is
drawn up in the usual terms of resolutions, offered
for stopping debate. It requires the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, when the
time which may he designated in the resolution,
shall have arrived, to report the bill itself to the
House, with any amendments w^ich raay have
