594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
been agreed to in committee, in order that., in the
House, an opportunity may he had to take a rec-
ord vote, and determine whether the bit! shall be
changed or modified before a final vote is taken
upon the passage.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called the gentle-
man from New York to order.
Mr. KING. I merely desire the House to
understand what my object is.
Mr. ASHMUN. I desire to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. King.]
I am sure that no rtiembers of this House are dis-
posed at this time to fix upon a day for the termi-
nation of the debate. This is no time to introduce
a resolution of this sort, and I beg the gentleman
not to complicate the question by insisting upon a
proposition on a doubtful point.
Mr. KING was still on the floor.
Mr. McLANE again called him to order.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. King] had suspended his remarks
before the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mc-
Lane] called him to order.
Mr. KfNG. 1 desire to state to the House the
reasons why I have offered the resolution m this
form. I do not desire that any particular time
should now be fixed for the termination of the de-
bate 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) It is not in or-
der to state the reasons why the gentleman of-
fered his resolution in the present form. The res-
olution is not in any way debatable. The Chair
had desired merely to hear the suggestion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Kino] on the
point of order,
Mr. OLDS made a point of order, the purport
of which will be seen by the Speaker's reply,
but it was not heard by the reporter.
The SPEAKER saul the gentleman was right
in the distinction he had drawn. The House had
control over ihe Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as over one of the standing
committees of the House; but the point made was,
that this was not a privileged question.
Mr. KING. If, under the resolution 1 have of-
fered, I cannot be allowed to state my reasons, 1
make a question of privilege.
Mr. INGE interposed.
The SPEA.KER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. King] states that he rises to a ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. KING. I charge the point of order in re-
lation to this resolution, as an after-fliought, and
an artifice to accomplish a purpose against the
resolution.
Mr. McLANE rose to inquire of the Speaker,
what the gentleman's point of order was.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he rises to a question of privilege. The gentle-
man will state what the questi6n of privilege is.
Mr. KING. It appears that the point of order
presented against the consideration of the resolu-
tion, m the form in which I have presented it, is an
afier-thousrht and a design to accomplish a purpose.
Mr.THO VIPSON, of «Yflssissippi, (interposing.)
I should like to know against whom the gentle-
man makes this charge, and whether that is a
question of privilege. Will the gentleman state
whom he accuses ?
Mr. KING. On the 33th of March instant, 1 of-
fered a similar resolution. My object was two-
fold In the first place, I desired to indicate my
willingness to vote upon the naked question of the
admission of California as a State into the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York' [Mr. Krvc] rose, ami stated to the Chair,
that he had risen to a question of privilege, and as
the iienileman does not state any question of privi-
lege, the Chair cannot hear him.
Mr. KING. The Chair will find out what my
question of privilege is, if it will hear me for a
moment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman muststate his
question of privilege.
Mr, KING. I was about to do so when I was
interrupted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman has any right to make re-
marks on a question of privilege, until he has
stated what that question of privilege is.
Mr. KING. I charge that the Journal of the
House has been mutilated.
[Cries over the House, " By whom?" " Give
the name."]
Mr. KING (continuing.) I was proceeding to
state the fact, that on the 13th of March, 1 offered
a resolution similar to that which I have this day
introduced. I requested the Clerk to fill up the
ordinary resolution upon motions to close de-
bate, to apply to the California bill. My object,
as I stated, was twofold—first, to indicate my own
willingness to consider 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call the gen-
tleman to order. I submit that he has no right to
proceed with his remarks, until he has stated the
question of privilege, and wherein the journal has
been mutilated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that
he makes a charge, that the journals of this House
have been mutilated. In order to make this a
question of privilege, the gentleman must make
his charge specific, and must state by whom the
journals have been mutilated.
Mr. KING. I will proceed and state what I
heard 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentleman
will state his point* He will submit his charge,
and the name of the person against whom it is
made.
M r. KING. I was informed by the subordinate
clerk, that it was done by the direction of the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, then, as a
question of privilege, charges that the Speaker of
this House, has mutilated the journals of the
House.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I move the ap-
pointment of a committee of investigation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. King] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KING. I desire to state the matter so that
I may be understood.
Several members called to order.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker hopes that no
gentleman will interrupt the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. King,] but that he may be allowed to
make his charge.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I insist upon
the point of order. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. King,] must state the specific point in
which the journal has been mutilated, and 1 shall
object to his proceeding with any remarks until he
has done so.
The SPEAKER. The Speaker understands the
gentleman from New York to charge, that the
Speaker mutilated the journals of this House, by
altering a resolution offered by the gentleman, for
the consideration of the House, after that resolu-
tion had been-acted upon by the House. Such
the Speaker undeistands to be the chaige.
Mr. KING. The Speaker does not state the
charge precisely in the language in which I made
it; but \ was proceeding to state 
The SPEAKER. To avoid difficulty, will the
gentleman from New York put his charge in wri-
ting.
Mr. KING set down to write the charge.
Mr. CLEVELAND, remarking that it was im-
possible to hear what was said, asked the Speaker
to bring the House to order.
After a pause of a few moments,
Mr. KING sent to the Speaker's chair the fol-
lowing allegation, which was read by the clerk:
"I charge that the journal of the Hou^e lias been mu-
tilated, by erasing a motion that 1 dul make,and substituting,
by an interlineation, one that I riitl not make, m the
journal.
The charje having been read,
The SPEAKER said: Will the gentleman
incorporate the name of the individual against
whom he makes the chaige.
Mr. KING. By implication, it is necessarily
against the Clerk; but, as I have stated, I was
informed by the subordinate clerk that it was done
by the direction of the Speaker.
The SrEAKER now vacated the chair, having
called Mr. Winthrop to preside over the Uelibera-
tions of the House. i
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I insist that j
the gentleman from New York shall state what the 1
motion wag which he made, and what the motion J
was which was substituted upon the journal, for '
the one which he made. 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor.
Mr. KING. It was a motion which I made on
the 13th instant, to close the debate on the Cali-
fornia bill. The charge was 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The Chair has
the strong impression that the manual contains ex-
press authority upon this point—that it provides
specifically, where a charge is made that the
journal of the House has been altered, or is incor-
rect, that such charge must be investigated by a
committee of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON and Mr. STEPHENS, of
Georgia, simultaneously addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. King] was entitled to the floor.
Mr.-KING. I desire that the chaige which I
make, shall be distinctly understood. The object
of the resolution I offered was, to bring the bill to
admit California before the House, that it might
be voted upon disconnected from other questions.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, (interposing.) I
insist that, before this committee shall be raised,
under parliamentary order and usage, the particu-
lars must be specifically stated—that the gentleman
shall state what the motion was which he made9
and what the motion was which was substituted.
There ha? yet been no specific charge.
Mr. KING. I will relieve the gentleman and
the House from any difficulty, by stating that I
called at the Clerk's office 
Mr. STEPHENS, (interposing.) I insist upon
the point of order, that the gentleman shall reduce
his point to writing, in specific form, before he
proceeds.
Mr. KING, (continuing.) I saw the journal
myself; and I desire that the Clerk shall bring in
thejournal of that day, and exhibit it to the House.
As 1 said, it was the purpose and design of this
alteration, which constitutes the* ground of my
charge 
Mr. Mc.LANE interposed, and called for the
reading of the charge, as reduced to writing.
It was read accordingly, as above given.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman from New York
made the charge verbally to the House. He was
called upon to reduce that charge to writing. He
proceeded to do so, but he has omitted the word
"Speaker," and he has not been specific in de-
signating what was the mutilation which he
charges to have taken place.
Before the House proceeds, I require that the
gentleman from New York shall complete his
charge, as he made it, and that he shall further
make the charge a specific charge, by stating the
motion that was mutilated. As a part of the
question of privilege, i make that point to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is obvious to the House,
that they cannot be called upon to decide as to
the charge, when the date when this alteration was
made, and the resolution to which the gentleman
has referrred, are not specified.
Mr. KING. 1 will stale what was the motion
which was made by me on Monday, the 13th
instant 
Mr. BAYLY interposed, and insisted upon the
point of order, that the charge made by the gen-
tleman from New York should be reduced to
writing in specific form.
Mr. KING. I believe that the purpose and
object of the 
[Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will put the charge in writing.
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. King resumed his seat, and proceeded more
specifically to imbody his charge in writing.
While he was thus engaged—
Mr. MORSE rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could only
address the House by geneial consent, as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. King] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. MORSE. Well; will I be allowed, by
general consent, to make one simple suggestion ?
[Ciics of "No; no.5' "Yes, no objection."]
Mr. MORSE (proceeding by general acquies-
cence) sajd: 1 desire sjmply to say, that I trust
that, the friends of the Speaker will not attempt to
evade an investigation of the charge which has
been made.
Objections were here interposed to Mr. Morse
proceeding further. They were not, however,
pressed, and
Mr. MORSE proceeded, I hope gentlemen
will hear me through. I hope that the friends of
