1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
be denied to the minority while the majority may
enjoy itaslongas they please, I think we had
better have the previous question at once than
such a rule*as this, for the previous question would
stop the debate on both sides, and thus be fairer
in its operation. We have got along very well
with our present rule. Sometimes we may have
tedious debates and abuses of the privileges en-
joyed under the present rule, but I think it is far
better to suffer these than to have the previous
question applied. I believe these debates do much
more good than harm. They tend to satisfy the
country with regard to the action of parties here;
and it will always afford some satisfaction to the
minority to have had the right of speech, and they
will be far more content to be beaten if their views
can be previously fully given. I think it will be
better to adhere to the present rule than to depart
from one under which we have succeeded so fully,
and practiced so happily heretofore.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not expect to de-
bate this question, but I must be permitted to make
a few remarks in reply. This rule will not pro-
hibit any gentleman, offering an amendment, from
debating his proposition to amend. Whenever a
bill or resolution is pending, and anv one wishes
to amend it, he obtains the floor to make his mo-
tion to amend, and he can be heard. Courtesy, as
well as the rules of the Senate, gives him the fullest
latitude in being heard when he makes his propo-
sition, After he shall have been heard as the
mover of the amendment, I want to place it in the
discretion of the Senate then to get clear of the
amendment, if it pleases to do so. If the major-
ity consider the proposition of such importance
that they desire to entertain it for debate, they will
not, if the motion is made, lay it on the table.
You place the amendment in that way, after the
moyer has been heard, within the power of the
majority of the Senate. We know the usage and
the rules of courtesy which prevail here; and if
a gentleman shall be desirous of debating that
amendment, the ordinary degree of courtesy will
be extended to him. Every member of the Senate
may expect such courtesy. But my proposition
will have this effect: It will cut off the amendment
from the main proposition, which was originally
introduced. To that extent I think it Will have a
most beneficial effect.
With reference to one idea suggested by the
Senator from Virginia, that everything ought to be
debated for the information of the country, and
that we cannot consume too much time in debate,
I beg leave to differ with him. An idea has been
occasionally suggested here, that the less we do
the better, and the more we talk for the purpose of
preventing action, the better. 1 am against all
propositions of that sort. I think that "the more
we do the better, if we do it rightly, and the less
we do the better, if we are to act improperly and
erroneously. The idea that it is better to consume
time in debate than in action, seems to be based
upon the concession that everything we do is
mostly wrong. If it has come to this, that the ac-
tion of the Senate of the United States is more
often wrong than right, it may be better to spend
the time m debate instead of action. I think that
the more we do the better it is for the country.
This prooosition does not prevent the Senate from
acting correctly on every proposition which is sub-
mitted, and the only effect it can possibly have,
will be to separate the amendment from the origi-
nal bill, when the majority may think it ought not
to be added to the bill. The only effect will be to
separate them, and allow the amendment to go
upon the table, and not carry the original resolu-
tion or bill with it according to the old parliament-
ary practice.
Mr. FOOTE. I have no idea, Mr. President,
of debating this question at any length, but I must
say this, that I have long been impressed with the
gieat inconvenience arising fiom this rule. I never
have heard any good reason given for permitting
an improper amendment—one which is obviously
improper and impolitic—when virtually rejected
by being laid upon the tablp, to drag after it a
meritorious bill. But I do know that amendments
of this kind have often been offered in this body,
and have interrupted the progress or endangered
the passage of useful measures. If I thought
that a modification of this rule would produce
that unhappy effect to which the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has referred—
in other words, that honorable members of this
body would feel inclined to act with less courtesy
and patriotism than has been heretofore man-
ifested, I should be inclined to oppose the mod-
ification at present urged. I hail the idea which
has been suggested by the honorable Senator from
Virginia that it is desirable to promote concord
and harmony. I hail it as a token of better times
hereafter. I am rejoiced to hear that language
coming from that honorable Senator; for I regard
it, in coming from him, as being most significant.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have great distrust as to
the propriety of invading any old parliamentary
custom which has been practiced so long. There
may be instances when it is desirable, for the sake
of promoting the public interest, to get rid of de-
bate; but those instances, I think, are very rare
indeed in their occurrence. In my judgment, so
far from restricting or condemning full debate, we
ought, as a general rule, rather to encourage it.
Freedom of discussion is the great safety-valve of
our institutions, and doubtless saves us from the
commission of many an error. Many questions
are brought before us here which, when first in-
troduced, we do not understand, and in order that
we may understand them we are led into research;
and thus the mind of this body not only becomes
enlightened, but that of the public also. Anxious
as I sometimes am to see matters acted upon
speedily, I am still unwilling to see the whole par-
liamentary practice of the world overturned for
the purpose of obtaining the end proposed. I
shall therefore vote against this proposition in any
form.
Mr. FOOTE. I entirely concur in the views
which have been so cogently urged by the honor-
able Senator from New York; but I am not so
averse as he seems to be to the modification of
those rules of order which have been applied to
the proceedings of this body. 1 take it for granted
that these rules are not perfect, and that in many
cases no great mischief will arise, where good rea-
sons can be given for laying an amendment upon
the table, in consequence of a modification of this
rule. The honorable Senator from New York is
wrong if he supposes that this is an attempt to
revolutionize the whole character of our rules, and
to act in opposition to the whole history of parlia-
mentary proceedings from the foundation of the
world to the present time. It is merely to put an
end to one of our rules which has had an injurious
effect, so that we may be the better able to pre-
serve the rest. The Scriptures emphatically re-
commend that if our right arm offend us we must
cut it off, or that if our eye offend us, we must
pluck it out. And thus, according to that good
maxim, it is better to save the whole system alive
by reforming our rule in that particular, than, by
adhering to that rule, to permit the whole system
to perish. It is objected that such an amendment
of the rule would produce inconvenience in prac-
tice. I do not think so. As to freedom of debate,
I am as warm an advocate for it as either the Sen-
ator from New York or the Senator from Virginia
can be. I believe that all the advantages alluded
to by the honorable Senator from New York are
from time to time obtained, so far as the debates
in the House of Representatives are concerned,
where they have the previous question. I am not
for limiting debate—not by any means; and this
modification will not limit it. We shall still have
an opportunity of discussing in a most extended
manner the main proposition; while all those
amendments which may be of such a nature as to
do injustice to the main proposition can be laid
upon the table.
Taking this view of the matter, and believing, as
I do, that the adoption of this modification will
tend to make our debates more useful, and efficient,
and instructive to the public, I am decidedly in fa-
vor of the motion of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I do not think that it approximates to
the previous question. I think the two proposi-
tions are wholly different from each other.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I cannot vote for this propo-
sition, for the reason that it does not approximate
to the previous question. This proposition, as
was justly observed by the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] would enable the Senate
to debate one side of a question without debating
the other side. A gentleman could offer an amend-
ment and make a speech upon it; and then a mo-
tion to lay the amendment on the table may be
carried, and thus preclude any answer from being
given to such Bpeech, although it may be one
which it is of importance should be answered*
Thus, then, clearly, under the rule thus modified,
you can debate one side of a question and not the
other. If you adopt the previous question it will
then be in the power of the Senate to bring a de-
bate to a conclusion whenever it may be desirous
to do so. With the well-known courtesy and lib-
erality prevailing in this body, we may be well
assured that a call for the previous question will
not be sustained until the body had become tired
of the debate; and that, I think, Senators will gen-
erally agree would not be until the subject waa
pretty well exhausted. For that ieason i would
much prefer the previous question to this mode of
laying an amendment on the table.
Again: should this proposition to modify this
rule prevail, you will not then be able to stop de-
bate when you may desire to do so. I do not see
that it will remedy the evil which it is designed to
remedy. It will not enable you to come to a vote
on the main question when you may wish to do
so, and for that reason I am unwilling to vote for
it. I am willing to vote for any proposition for
the adoption of the previous question—not that I
would often be willing to sustain a call for it; but
I desire to see this body having the power of com-
ing to a vote on any given day that may be indi-
cated in the future, so that we might make our
arrangements to have a vote certain on such aday.
If the Senator from Kentucky will modify his
proposition so as to embrace the previous question,
1 will vote for it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 am not willing to hare
the fate of my proposition decided upon reason-
ings which, I think, are susceptible of very plain
answers. The honorable Senator fiom Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] proposes to establish the previous
question as one of the rules of the Senate. That
proposition has been laid upon the table. W©
have got clear of it; and now the Senaior opposes
my proposition, which would accomplish some of
the purposes which he seemed to have had in
view; and he is unsvilhng to go for it because it
does not go the whole way. In other woids, he
reverses the old adage, and thinks that 4' half a
Ioafisioorse than no bread."
Now, what has he urged as a reason against my
proposition? He alleges that it will allow debate
on the one side, and curtail or prevent it on the
other. The gentleman has been a member of the
House of Representatives as well as myself, and
does he not see that, where the previous question
does prevail, it is very often a common piactice
for a gentleman to get up and make a speech, and
conclude that speech with a motion for the pre-
vious question > And does he not know, too, that
propositions are sometimes carried by calls of that
sort? But is it riot in the power of the House of
Representatives, and would it not be in the power
of the Senate, to prevent a gentleman from making
his speech and putting a stop to debate, so as to
prevent his speech from being answered ? Cer-
tainly it would. We all know very veil that if
a gentleman should rise and make a speech which
was calculated to delude the country, or to pro-
duce an improper impression as to what were the
general sentiments of the body, gentlemen would
not call for the previous question; nor would they,
in such case, tolerate a motion to lay an amend-
ment upon the table, in pursuance of the rule
which I propose to establish, until that speech
should be answered, and the probability of crea-
ting these evil impressions be thus removed. The
whole of the gentleman's argument appears to me
to go upon the idea that, after hearing a speech
which may be calculated to mislead or to deceive,
we lack either the ability or the patriotism, or per-
haps both, to cure an evil of that sort. Why, sir,
can an argument of that sort prevail? Must we
not suppose that the intelligence and patriotism of
the Senate would not permit the country to be
misled by any improper speech or aigument de-
livered here without us receiving a proper answer?
Certainly; and if the gentleman would only have
that appreciation which I have, and which I sup-
pose he has too—for I only suppose that these
remarks of his were an off-hand shot, in which he
missed the mark—of the general good sense of
this body; if he only had that esteem for us, which
I cannot help thinking he has, he must know that
we would not permit any one to make an improper
and deceptive argument, which might be calculated
to produce mischief in the country, without allow-
ing it to be answeied. The only effect of the
