1850.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL ©LOSE.
595
the Speaker will not attempt to evade the appoint-
ment of a committee, even upon the ground that
the charge is not sufficiently distinct—that though
neither the day, nor the hour, nor the words, nor
the resolution, are specified. It is enough, that a
gentleman upon this floor, representing a constitu-
ency of seventy thousand, rises in his place, and
charges the Speaker of this House with having, in
any manner, altered, mutilated, violated, or changed
the character or nature of the resolution. When
he introduces such a charge, your rules require,
as has been stated by the Speaker, that instanler
a committee shall be appointed to investigate
them.
Mr. BAYLY addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor. By general consent, the gen-
tleman from Virginia can proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust that, by general
consent, I also shall be allowed to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Morse ]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Georgia will be allowed to pro-
ceed.
No objection being made—
Mr. STEPHENS was understood to say, that
while he would desire to have the charge investi-
gated, even if no more specific than it now was,
yet his own self-respect, and he trusted the self-
respect of gentlemen in this House, would require
that the charge made should be more specific, and
that they should not raise a committee, until they
knew what it was that constituted the ground of
complaint. He required, for these reasons, that
the charge should be specific.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall vote for any resolu-
lution now offered in proper form, to institute an
inquiry by a committee, because I believe it due
to the Speaker, to the gentleman from New York,
and to the House. At the same time, I say that
this House has no power to say to any gentleman,
Put your charge in such shape as we please."
Any member may rise and make such charge as
he pleases; he does it upon his personal responsi-
bility, and upon his responsibility as a Represent-
ative of the people. If the charge seem frivolous,
and unworthy of notice, the House may refuse to
take notice of it; if it be of such a character as to
seem to demand an investigation by the House, it
is due to its own honor and character, and to the
honor and character of the Speaker, and due to the
country, to require that an investigation should
be made. My doctrine is, that the gentleman
from New York may make his charge in any
shape he pleases, and nobody has the right to dic-
tate to him how it shall be altered, or that it
shall be altered at all. Gentlemen may appeal
to him, and say, " You have offered your resolu-
* tion in such general terms,as that the House can
* hardly, with propriety, go into an investigation of
* it;" and if he sees fit to modify it, well and good.
But we have no power to require the mover to
modify his charge in any way. The gentleman
has presented it, in such a form, that I shall vote
for a committee to investigate it. 1 hold ii is due to
the character of the Speaker, to the dignity of the
House, and due to the country, that the charge be
investigated.
Mr. BAYLY and Mr. KING, almost simul-
taneously addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor, and the Chair under-
stands that he now claims it.
Mr. KING then sent up to the Clerk's table,
■where it was read, the following paper, viz:
" I charje that the journal of the House has been mu-
tilated l y erasing a motion that 1 didin*ke, and aub.-tilutmir,
bv an interlineation, one that I did not tnnkf*, in the journal
of the 13th instant. My motion was to close debate on the
California 'I'hese words ate changed, and message
subs-muted."
This (said Mr. K.) is what I charge—it is the
amount of my charge; and as I stated before,
in my judgtnent this point of order was an after-
thought—an artifice, for the purpose of preventing
the action of this House, in the House, upon the
California bill, if that could be prevented in
commitiee, by substituting for the bill admitting
California into the Union as a Slate disconnected
■with other matters, some other proposition, of
which a good deal has been said here and in the
other branch of Congress—a bill attaching to this
bill to admit California as a State, a provision
for the establishment of territorial governments,
leaving the newly-acquired territories open to
slavery, and thus getting the bill combining the
two objects through the House, without giving "■en-
tlemen an opportunity to vote upon the propositions
separately. It is an artifice for such a purpose.
I ask that the journal of the I3th instant be pro-
duced to the House.
Great disorder prevailed1 in the Hall.
The SPEAKER called to order, and stated that
the Chair would recognize no gentleman until the
House came to order.
Mr. KING. The journal will be proof. I call
for (lie reading of the journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from JNTew York to call for the reading
of the journal.
Mr.KING. I call for the reading of the erasures
and interlinations.
The Clerk was about to read.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to know whether it is
proper for the journal to be produced before the
House, or before the committee, which of course
will be raised ? I shall make no objection, but
there is a manifest impropriety in it.
Mr. KING. I call for the reading of the
journal.
The SPEAKER. The journal willberead.
Mr. KING. I want it read first, as it was
originally made up, and then as interlined.
The Clerk read it accordingly, as follows:
The resolution as it originally stood, vfz:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of ihe Whole
House on the&tatp of the Union, on the bill jor the admission
oj Gatijorma, and the message on the same subject, now
p«-*ndmij in Committee of the Whole Housp on the Mate of
'he Union, shall cease at two o'clock on Wednesday next,
(if the committee sh.tll not sooner come to a conclusion
upon the same ;) and the committee Minll then pioceedto
V'yte on such amendment as may he pending, or offered to
the Sdine, and slnll then report it to the Hou<e with such
amendments as may have been agreed to by the committee.
Also, the resolution as altered or interlined, viz:
Resolved, That all debate in committee of the Whole
Fiou*e on the Mate of the Union, on the message of the
President of the Uiiited States, transmitting the constitution
of California, now pending in committee of the Whole
House on th^ Mate of the Union, shall cea-.e at two o'clock
on Wednesday next, it the committee, &c., &c.
Mr. HOLMES addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER, (addressing: Mr. King.) Has
the gentleman from New York [Mr. King] con-
cluded his remarks?
Mr. KING. I do not desire at this time to
submit a motion. If other gentlemen do, I yield.
Mr. HOLMES. If is perfectly obvious to
every person, that this matter must undergo an
investigation. 1 therefore move that a committee
of five members be raised, to investigate the whole
subject.
The SPEAKER. It is moved by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, that the charge made
by the gentleman from New York be referred to a
select committee of five members, with instruc-
tions to investigate the whole subject.
Mr. RICHARDSON suggested to the gentle-
man from South Carolina the propriety of so
modifying his resolution as to provide that the
committee consist of nine members.
Mr. HOLMES. Certainly. I accept the sug-
gestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina to
be, that the whole subject be referred to a select |l
committee of nine members to be investigated. Is il
the House ready for the question ? j*
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to say one or <;
two words before the question is taken. The i1
facts of the case are involved in so much obscu- '
rity, that it is very difficult for the House—at least .
it is for me—to act intelligently upon a full view 1
of them. I learn from the journal now, and prob- i
ably for the first time, that a resolution was sub- j
mitted by the honorable gentleman from New
York [Mr. King] in the House, the object of
which was to stop debate in Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union, upon a bill :
which had been introduced in that committee,
probably by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. 1
Doty.] Now, sir, I wish to make this inquiry, j
whether it was competent for the gentleman from j
New York to submit any such motion or resolu- {
tion ?
Mr, CARTTER interposed to a point of order, j
and inquired whether the gentleman was in order |
in discussing the competency of this proeeeding, j
which had taken place sgme two weeks since,
and was. now on the record ?
The SPEAKER decided Mr. McC. to be in
order.
Mr. McCLERNAND (continuing.) The Chair
and the House will see that my object is a fair
one, and connects itself with the merits of this
transaction. I wish to inquire of the Chair and
of the House, whether it is competent for the gen-
tleman from New York, under the rules of the
House, to do that which his own statement shows
him to have done—to offer a resolution, looking to
the result of stopping debate in Committee of the
, Whole on the state of the Union upon a bill that
j has been originated in that committee? In other
, words, is it competent for the House to control
i the action of the Committee of the Whole on the
' state of the Union upon a proposition which has
never been submitted to that committee by the
House?
Mr. SWEETSER interposed, and called the
gentleman from Illinois to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois to be violating
any rule of order. He understands the gentle-
man to suggest that the motion originally sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New York was not
in order. It is perfectly competent for him to
make that suggestion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is precisely the
point I make; and if it was not competent for the
gentleman to have made such a motion, it was not
in order; and if it were not in order, it is not a fit
subject for such investigation, as the gentleman
from South Carolina proposes. The resolution,
as now stated by the gentleman from New York
to have been offered, was out of order, and the
modification made by the Speaker, (if such modi-
fication weie made,) was to bring it within the
rules of the House, and to make it competent and
effective for any fair and practical object. I sub-
mit, in the first place, whether the original proposi-
tion was in order; and if it was not m order,
whether it is a fit subject for such investigation;
and, in the second place, whether, if it were not in
order, it affords a ground for the imputation—the
gross, and I think unwarranted, imputation made
by the gentleman from New York, that the Speaker
has mutilated the journal of the House, for the
purpose of preventing action upon the bill looking
to the admission of California, as a distinct object,
separate from other measures having reference to
the organization of other territories. After all,
what is the difference between what the gentleman
from New York claims and the journal shows?
Nothing—nothing at all. The effect of a resolu-
tion to stop debate upon the message, would be pre-
cisely the same as the effect of a resolution to stop
debate upon the bill, even if such a resolution was
admissible. The e'ffect of either and both resolu-
tions would be, to stop debate on the subject, and
bring; the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to vote on the bill; and if it should be
adopted, to report the bill to the House for its con-
sideration, which was the avowed object of the
gentleman from New York. Why, then, this
grave, but unfounded charge? It did not merit the
consideration of the House, and should be dis-
missed in the most summary way. It did not de-
serve to be dignified by a reference.
The SPEAKER. Is the House ready for the
question ?
Mr. COBB (the Speaker occupying, tempora-
rily, a scat upon the fiooi) rose and said,-Mr.
Speaker, if the House will indulge me, I ussue to
make an explanation.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, the
Speaker of the House may be allowed to address
the House.
No objection being made, and order entirely
restored,
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, I do not desite to be
undeistood as interposing any objection whatever
to the appointment of a committee, as moved by
the honorable gentleman from South Carolina.
But it is important, as I conceive, that a simple
statementof what has occurred, in reference to this
matter, should go before the public, in connection
with the charge made by the honorable gentleman
from New York. Upon the day mdica ed by the
gentleman from New York, thatgentleman r< se to
a privileged question under the rules of the House,
and offered the usual resolution to stop debate upon
the questions pending in Committee of the Whole
