1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to waste the
time of the Senate in debate, and I will only say
that this bill has been kept back in the committee,
though pressed most earnestly by the House, for
the purpose of permitting the fugitive slave bill
and others of that character to pass. We deter-
mined not to interfere with the progress of those
important measures, and I now appeal to the liber-
ality of the Senate to take up and dispose of this
bill, which I think can be done in a very short\- und«any act of Congress heretofore passed."
time. !, The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I have not examined this bill, \\ The second amendment — to insert the word
nnd therefore do not know at present the course i! " surviving," which we have placed between
which I shall pursue in regard to it. It is undoubt- i brackets, before the words " commissioned offi-
edly a bill of ereat importance, and will perhaps !i cers w^° were engaged in the military service,*
giverisetoconsiderablediscussion. I would there- j  1
of the Indian wars since 1790; and each of the [surviving]
commissioned officers who were engaged m the military
service of ihe United States in the iaie war with Mexico,
shall be entitled, for twelve month*' service, to one hun-
dred and sixtv acies of land; for six months' service, to
tighty acres ofland ; and for three months'service, to forty
acres of land : Provided, The person so having been m ser-
vice shall not receive said land, or any pair thereof, if it
shall appear by the muster rolls of his regiment or corps
that he deserted or was dishonorably discharged from ser-
vice, or if he lias received or is entitled to any land bounty
fore suggest to the Senator from Illinois, whether >
it is not better to make it the special order for j
Rome particular time? We certain'y cannot get I
through with it now, and 1 am disposed, therefore, '
to proceed with the current business of the Senate,
nnd dispose of that while the opportunity offers.
was also agreed to.
The third amendment was to insert the words
in italics, and to strike out the words between
brackets, in the second section, which is as follows:
4' Sec. 9 Jind be it further enacted, That each commis-
sioned arid rion-comuii^iorird ntftcer, musician, or private,
for whom provision is made by the fiisi section hereof, shall
receive a certificate or wan ant from the Department of the
1 agree with the Senator from Maine, [\lr. Brad- Interior for the quantity of land to which lie may he entitled,
bury,1 that it is time we should take up the calen- !i aml wllich mav located by the warrantee or his heirs-at-
I    j i, law, at anv land office of the United States, in one body,
, . ' i-i i done | amj jn conformitv to the legal subdivisions of the public
this session. J±,verything has been taken up out >j lands, upon any of the public lands in such distiict then
of its order. If the Senator will designate a par- t' PuhJect tq..private entrv: and upon the return of such cer-
ticular day for the consideration of this bill, I will 1 L,fi'\{WP ?r war,rAnVl with evidence nf the location thereof
 . •/ i . T   . „   . . „ , having been legally made, to the General Land Office, a
a^ree to it, but I cannot consent to act upon it thus j patent shall be is-ued therefor. In the event of the death of
suddenly.
Mr. CASS. I hope the Senate will agree to
take up this bill, inasmuch as it concerns a vast
number of persons who have rendered important
services to the Government, and is simply a prop-
osition to give them land, as has been given to
others under similar circumstances. It was debated
in the House a month or six weeks ago, and I
venture to say that if it be postponed for another
day, there is not one member of the Senate who
will look more into the subject than he has already
done. I think we are as fully competent to com-
mence and so on with it now as at any time. 1
repeat, it affects a vast number of very worthy
men.
Mr. BADGER. I desire merely to say, that if
this bill can be disposed of in the course of the
next half hour, I for one have no objection to its
beine: taken up; but it is in the recollection of Sen-
ators that when we adjourned yesterday, it was r to affect th? title or claim t<
with the understanding that at one o'clock to-dav '' !'PrPinbef?re pwvttod for, made
. lii « J I i.viui r>t fh/> ■nnfrnr nv
the senate would resume the consideration of Ex- |
ecutive business, and finish the work so auspi- !
cionsly commenced yesterday. If the bill, as I j
suppose will be the case, will give rise to opposi- !
tion, it will, for the purpose I speak of, the Execu- ]
live session, be fatal; and I hope, therefore, the j
Senate will not rake it up, ;
Mr. SHIELDS. I arn really sorry to find so ;
much opposition to the taking up of this hill. We I
have consumed almost as much time in discussing J
mere preliminary questions as would have served i
to dispose of the measure. This bill, on my mo- j
tion, was made the special order for yesterday, |
and in order not to interfere with other matters, it j
was allowed to lie on the table, and now this |
morning has been consumed in a similar way. I
The Senate seem disposed not to consider it.
Mr. CASS. Call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHIELDS. Really, I think there is not
much chance here for a modest man. I will say
to my friends from North Carolina and Louisiana,
that if, after the amendments proposed by the
committee are adopted, the bill gives rise to dis-
cussion, I will immediately consent to the post-
ponement of its further consideration to another
day. All I ask now is an opportunity to amend
it, as proposed by the committee.
The motion to postpone the prior orders pre-
vailed, and the bill was taken up for consideration.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on the Public
Lands have teported several amendments,in which
they ask the concurrence of the Senate.
The first amendment wai then read, being to ,
strike out the word " who," in the first section,
and insert in lieu thereof the words, il whose name j
has been returned on muster rolls, or in any other I
official manner to the War Department, as having,"
so that the section will read: I
"That each of the surviving commissioned and non-com-
missioned officer?, musicians, or privates, whether of regu-
lars, volunteers, rangers, or militia, whose name has been i
returned on muster rolls, or in any other official manner, to j
the War Department, >1?. having peiformed military service
in any regiment, company.or detachment, in the service of I
the United States, in the war with Great Britain, declared j
by the Um ted States on the 18th day of June, 1812, or in any '
any commissioned or non-commissioned officer, musician,
or private, prior or subsequent to the parage of this act, who
sh,tll have served as aforesaid, and who shall not have re-
ceived bounty land for said services, a like certificate or
warrant shall be issued in favor and inure to ihe benefit of
hi* \vi tow, but. not to her heirs, nor to the heirs of such com-
missioned or non-commissioned officer^ soldier, or musician:
Provided, She [was married to such officer or soldier before
the conclusion of hi^ service, and] is unmarried at the date
of her application • Provided, farther, That no land warrant
issued under the provisions of this act shall be laid upon arty
land of the United States to winch there shall lie a pre-
emption right, or upon which there shall be an actual set-
tlement and cultivation, except with the consent of such
settler, to he satisfactorily proven to the proper land officer."
The amendments were agreed to.
The fourth amendment was to insert after the
words "issue of," in the third section, the words
" the patent or certificate of entry on," so that the
section would read:
"Sec. 3. Jlnt be it further enacted, That all sales, mort-
gages, letters of attorney, or other instruments of writings
   ' to any warrant or certificate
or executed prior to tht
iMsue of the-patent or certificate of entry on such warran,
or certificate, shall be null and void to all intents and pur-
po«e«! what^oevei ; nor shall such certificate or warrant, or
the land obtained ihertby, he in anywise, affected by, or
charged with, or subject to the pavniPntof any debt or
claim incurred by such officer or soldier priorto the issuing
of the patent: Provided, That the benefits of this act shall
not accrue to any person who is a member of the present
Congress."
Mr. DOWNS. I would surest that this
amendment will be of very little effect, because
if you allow the transfer to be made at anv stage
of the proceeding before the title to the land is
absolutely vested in the grantee, speculators can
i| always evade it. I would suggest that the words
i! "or certificate of entry" be stricken out, so as to
j; prevent any transfer.
j, Mr. SHIELDS. This matter was fully con-
jj sidered in committee, and the only restrictions
r thought reasonable were such as would prevent
j; any disposition of the scrip until the land became
the property of the individual. When the man 1
enters the land and gets his certificate, the land is
absolutely his, and the issuing of the patent de-
pends on the officer, and not on the individual, and
in some instances it is kept back for five or six
years. I have no objection to the rejection of the
amendment, except that it would produce great
j deal of inconvenience in cases where the officer
j was notable to issue the patent when the indi-
' vidual entering the land calls for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment was then read, being to
insert at the end of the bill the following proviso :
tc Provided, further, That every person who may be enti-
tled, under the provisions of this act, to receive a certificate
or wariant for bounty land, shall be allowed the option to
reccive such certificate or warrant, or a Treasury «cnp for
$100, where the quantity of land is 160 acres, £5') where the
quantity is 80 aero, and .$-25 where the quantity is -10 acres;
said scrip to hear an interest of6 percent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually, and redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government."
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will not
concur in that amendment. The body of the bill
proposes to dispose of, I know not how much, and I
nobody can foresee, of the public lands; and then J
this provision is to enable the persons who may I
be entitled, numerous as they undoubtedly are, to
the benefit of the previous part of the law, to de-
mand a sum of money in lieu thereof, and thus
create an enormous public debt at their option
Now, really it seems to me, however our friends
may seem disposed to give away the public lands
to all who may have participated m any and all of
our wars, great and small, since the beginning of
our Government, they ought not to be willing ;n
the present state of the exchequer and in the pres-
ent prospect of the country, to create this immense
national debt. I hope the Senate will notconcurin
the amendment.
Mr SHIELDS. I would state to the Senator
from North Carolina that the sum of money is very
inconsiderable when compared with the amount of
land, and that the man who will select the money
will suffer a great disadvantage. I will also state
that we have copied this amendment from the pro-
visions of a former law, and that the experience
under that law has shown that little or no money
has thus been claimed. It is, however, a matter
of very little importance, and I am not strenuous
in regard to the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I concur with the Senator
from North Carolina in what he has said on this
subject. My recollection as to former laws grant-
ing bounty lands, is, that they were generally
passed during the war, and particularly that with
Mexico; and I can remember no giant of such
lands made subsequent to the war. It was a part
of the consideration and inducement for men to
enter the army during the war, and particulaily
was it a part of the pay of soldiers serving in the
war with Mexico. Now this bill proposes a gra-
tuity, and thes-e lands are to be given for services
not to be rendered, but which have been heretofore
rendered during all the wars in which we h ive
been engaged since 1793. I think, sir, thus con-
sidered, the two cases are entiiely different, and
that there is no analogy between grants of land
made to induce enlistments, or for men to enter
voluntarily the service of the United States duiing
the existence of a war, and grants of land fur ser-
vices which have been heretofore rendered. In
addition to this, we treat our lands as of but little
value to the Government, and we grant them for
almost every and any purpose for which they may
be asked. It is an object for the Government to
convert the public lands into piivate property, but
it certainly is no object for the Government to
transfer the money in the Treasury into the pockets
of individuals I shall therefore oppose this
amendment. One great reason which induces me
to favor this bill is, that I believe it to be the tiue
policy of this Government to convert its public
domain into private property, convinced that it is
for the interest of the General Govei nment, and
the States and Territories in which these lands lie.
I would not vote for this compensation if the prop-
osition wa<? an independent one, and I will not vote
for this bill if it is included in it. I have two rea-
sons now for supporting the bill; one is, that per-
haps there is something due to the soldiers of the
war of 1812, and the various Indian wars; and the
J other is, that it is the policyof ourGovetnment to
get rid of the public lands upon almost any terms.
It cannot, however, be contended that it is the pol-
icy of our Government to contract an enormous
debt, or to get rid of the money we may have in
the Treasury. £ trust, therefore, that the Senate
will not concur in the amendment which has been
proposed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have stated that this mat-
ter was fully discussed in committee, and m that
discussion I took somewhat the view which gen-
tlemen in opposition to this amendment have. In
my opinion, experience has shown that the scrip
is always more valuable than the right to draw
money out of the Treasury; that is, the man can
always sell his scrip for much more money than
he is allowed to draw from the Treasury. But if
there is any considerable objection to the bill, on
the account of this amendment, I; for one, shall
not hazard its success by insisting on its being in-
serted. I do not wish to cause any demand on
the Treasury, but I believe that these soldiers, who,
my friend from Missouri says, perhaps are entitled
to something, are really entitled to a great deal;
and that, at all events, wc ought to give thein a
little public land. 1 have no desire, for one, to
insist unon this amendment.
Mr FELCH. I am a member of the commit-
tee which reported this amendment, and I wish to
