1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 29,
gay a word in regard to it before the vote is taken.
I have no particular tenacity to retain it, or desire
to hazard the bill by insisting upon any amend-
ment which may not meet the approbation of the
Senate; but there are one or two considerations
connected with this proposition to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate. This last
clause, providing for the drawing of money out of
the Treasury instead of receiving grants of public
land, is in accordance with the provisions of the
law granting bounty lands for services in the Mex-
ican war. It was not in the law granting bounty
lands to the soldiers in the last war with Great
Britain. Under the provisions of that law the sol-
dier was entitled to his land and nothing else. He
was not able to dispose of his warrant at all; he
could only receive a patent for it, and then dispose
of that patent the same as any other person could.
Under the provisions of the bill in reference to
the Mexican war, the case was different. The
soldier was authorized to sell his warrant or to re-
ceive his money at the rate of one half the min-
ium price of the public lands to which he was en-
titled. Under the provisions of this bill, without
this amendment, the soldier is not enabled to sell
his warrant at all. He can only dispose of the
land after he has received it, (he same as any per-
son who has received a patent. The object was
to prevent the soldier from selling his warrant pre-
vious to his application for a patent. And as a
further inducement for him not to do so, this
amendment proposes to allow him to draw from
the Treasury a sum of money equal to one half of
the minimum price of the land to which he is en-
titled, and in that way to enable him to convert
his claim more readily into money. It seems to
be supposed that this will be a mere gift of money
from the Tieasury,and not a compensation or do-
nation made in land. But that is not the view
which I takevof Jt. The land given away by this
bill will reduce precisely that amount the quantity
of land which the Genera! Government will sell,
and consequently will reduce the amount of money
received from that source into the Treasury.
The history of our land sales, particularly since
the grant of Mexican bounty lands, shows that
just in proportion as the lands are entered under
warrants of this description, just in that propor-
tion is there diminution in the receipts into the
Treasury from the sales of those lands. The
lands proposed to be granted by this bill will prob-
ably amount lo two and a half millions of acres,
which amount is to be cut off from the sales of
public lands, and of course will diminish the re-
ceipts of the Treasury to that extent. What will
be the operation of this on the fiscal affairs of
the Government? If the whole amount of this
land should be entered the next year the Govern-
ment, could not make any sales, for the whole
amount in market would be covered by these en-
tries. But suppose this amendment be adopted?
The amount allowed in it in heu of the land is
one half the present minimum price, and the con-
sequence would be that we should pay out of the
Treasury only one half the sum which we would
pay if all the entries of land were made. That is
precisely the operation of the amendment. With-
out it we should pay to the soldier the whole of
the minimum price of the lands entered, or the
receipts into the Treasury would be diminished to
that extent, and with it, whenever the money was
taken in preference to the land, we should pay
only one half the minimum price, and the receipts
into the Treasury be increased to that extent. I
have, however, no tenacity for the amendment,
and I have merely presented the considerations
which induce me to favor it. If they meet with
the favor oi the Senate they will perhaps adopt
the amendment; if they do not they will, of course,
reject it.
Mr. BADGER,. The hour of one has now
neai ly arrived, and it must be obvious to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois that we cannot pass
this bill this morning. In pursuance of the sug-
gestion he made, I therefoie move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed till to-mor-
row.
Mr. EWING. Let us take the vote on the
amendment fitst.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would ask the honorable
Senator from .North Carolina to withdraw that
motion until the vote is taken on this amendment.
1 have given up the amendment and have no wish
to discuss it.
Mr. BADGER. Well, I will withdraw it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will be post-
poned, so that we may all have an opportunity to
examine it and this amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yery well, I yield.
The further consideration of the subject was
then postponed till to-morrow.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
On the motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the resolution
which he submitted on the 22d instant, which was
modified by the mover. So that it reads thus:
" Resolved, That the President be requested to lay before
the Senate, if not in his judgment incompatible with the
public interest, a copy of a dispatch to the Secretary of
State, dated January, 8, 1850, from Mr. Tod, Envoy Extra-
ordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of Bra-
zil, and of the letter of Mr. Parks, late Consul at Rto
Janeiro, accompanying the same, together with such other
dispatches from said Envoy as relate to the subject of the
slave trade."
Mr. BRADBURY. I will merely state that I
understand the communication referred to to re-
late to the subject of the slave trade, and to con-
tain valuable suggestions, which may be of impor-
tance in enabling us to provide laws for the sup-
pression of the traffic. I presume there will be no
objection to the passage of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 29, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House had yesterday referred to the
Committee on Commerce the Senate bill relative
to the printing of the annual report on commerce
and navigation.
After a word or two of conversation between
Messrs. GRINNELL and WENTWORTH—
The question was taken, and the motion was
reconsidered.
The bill being thus brought before the House,
And the question being upon concurring with
the Senate in their amendment, it was put, and car-
ried in the affirmative.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the regular
order of the day.
" BUNDELCUND," &C.
The SPEAKER announced, as the regular order,
the report made yesterday by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] from the select
committee relative to the interference of officehold-
ers under the last Administration in elections, and
his resolution directing the Speaker to issue his
warrant to the Serjeant-at-arms to bring to the bar
of the House Thomas Ritchie and C. P. Seng-
stack, to answer for an alleged contempt of the
House.
Mr. FITCH said: It may not be improper for
me to commence by apologizing to the House for
consuming any portion of its time, at this late day
of the session, with many imoortant matters yet
awaiting its action, in discussing a matter of so
little practical utility as any report from the S( Bun-
delcund" committee. If, however, the morning
hour is not consumed by me in this discussion, it
will be by some other member in one equally un-
profitable, or in receiving reports from other se-
lect committees upon matters equally uninteresting
to the country, and equally destitute of any prac-
tical importance. It is not my intention to answer
the " surprise'* of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] relative to the yesterday's course of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hib-
bard.] The latter gentleman is more than com-
petent to take care of himself, as the gentleman
from Maryland can satisfy himself whenever he
chooses to provoke him to a " pass at arms." It
is not permitted me by the rules of the House,
although myself a member of the committee, to
advert to its action in the committee room. I can,
however, call the attention of the House to the
manner of its origin, and to the phraseology of
the resolution under which it was appointed.
That resolution, as is well known, was intro-
duced by an honorahle member from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanly,] the chairman of the commit-
tee. It is not known, however, what was the ob-
ject in originating the committee. That object, if
there was any, remains yet a mystery, and prob-
ably ever will, locked within the breast of the
chairman. All the sagacity, industry, and research
of the Whig members of the committee, and es-
pecially of the chairman, (and he possesses no
small amount of these qualities,) were employed
for weeks in conducting the investigation provided
for by the resolution. If the evidence in that in-
vestigation is ever made public, the following facts
will be found to have been-ehcited: First, it will
be seen that Mr. Burke has been discovered to
be the author of the " Bundelcund" papers ! This
fact was elicited by the examination and cross-
examination of some ten to twenty witnesses I The
importance of the labors of the committee, in this
instance, can only be appreciated by bearing in
mind that the authorship of these papers was
known fiom Maine to Florida more than a year be-
fore this committee was appointed; was known by
Mr. Burke's publicannouncement that he was the
author, and by the appearance of his name, as
such, upon the title-page of the pamphlet edition!
Another fact brought to light by the indefatigable
research of the Whig (majority) portion of this
committee is, that during Mr. Polk's administra-
tion, a Democratic clerk in the Post Office Depart-
ment was the correspondent of sundry political
papers, and that he was on that account dismissed
from office by the Postmaster General. For the
discovery of this prompt and proper action upon
the part of a Democratic head of department, we
are indebted to the labors of a Whig committee,
which would doubtless much rather not have
spread such fact upon its record, and which was
raised for a very different and probably adverse
purpose.
A further discovery has been, that Whigs and
Democrats alike, in 1847, prior to an election, sent
home voters, citizens of Baltimore, who were tem-
porarily sojourning here, for the purpose of saving
their votes! Was it a heinous political sin? If
so, both parties appear to have sinned alike. And
still another discovery is, that prior to the late
presidential election, Democratic clerks in some of
the departments voluntarily contributed to a Dem-
ocratic. election fund; and Whigs to a Whig fund;
and further, that one Democratic clerk who re-
fused to contribute to the Democratic fund, was
turned outof office by the Whig administration
soon after it came into power, while others who
did contribute have doubtless been retained; the
Whis: administration thereby expressing its ap-
preciation of such contribution. And yet another
is, that Whig and Democratic committees in this
District sent documents to the House folding-room,
during the recess of Congress, to be prepared for
distribution. Here again, whatever of wrong ex-
isted, is chargeable to both parties. The chairman
made another and important discovery—one for
which he may feel disposed to apply for letters
patent; though I doubt not the application will be
denied, upon the ground of priority of discovery
by a European. This discovery, in its peculiar
sphere, is second only to {hat of a new planet, or a
new motive power—a discovery which solves a
long-mooted problem, converts what was theory
into fact. He discovered, by judicious examina-
tion of a witness, that a Democratic speaker, at a
political gathering at Bladensburg, was interrupted
by—the call to dinner! thereby verifying Byron's
hypothesis, that " the dinner bell" is the " tocsin
of the soul;" albeit the " bell" in this instance ap-
pears to have been the stentorian lungs of a voter!
I will pass now to the report immediately under
consideration. It bears upon its face no evidence
of the vote by which it was ordered, or of its au-
thorship in committee. If the records uf the com-
mittee ever find the light, it will be seen that the res-
olution, with which the report closes, wa3 offered in
committee by agentleman from Virginia,[Mr. Hay-
mond ] What Mr. Ritchie or Mr. Sengstack may
have done to incur (justly or otherwise) that gen-
tleman's ire, I know not, and care not to know—
perhaps nothing, if I mistake not, however, he was
represented in the columns of the Union, at some
period prior to the congressional election, as a gay
young deceiver—more dangerous, perhaps, to the
gentler sex than to his political foes. If such state-
ment was made, has the gentleman nursed his
wrath thereat until this committee gave him an
opportunity to wreak it and seek revenge? It
appears that all the Whig members, and but one
Democratic member of the committee, were present
