1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
^Speaker of this House has done not only what it
was his right, but his duty, to do-, and if the
House were to be brought to a vote upon the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, (Mr.
Schenck,] I would move to amend it, so as to de-
clare that the Speaker did not only what was his
right, but what was his duty. I would put in the
word duty.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed with a word or
two of explanation of his amendment, directing
his remarks across the hall to Mr. Venable, so
as not to be audible at the reporter's desk on the
left.
Mr. VENABLE, (continuing.) I will not
trespass upon the patience of the House, but I
desire simpiy to mnke myself understood. I say
nothing about the motives of any individual, but
I call the attention of the House to the fact,
that the gentleman from New York gravely rose
this morning and charged the Speaker of this
House with mutilating the record of the House,
or directing it to b« mutilated by one of the under
clerks. After the full, clear, satisfactory explana-
nation of the facts, made by the Speaker this
morning, my friend from Alabama [Mr. Inge]
rose and called upon the gentleman from New
York to know whether he retracted the charge.
The gentleman from New York rose, and with a
virulence seldom equalled in this House, reiterated
the charge, and charged upon the Speakera design
to practice upon the House an artifice to prevent
this subject from coming before the House.
Mr. BURT, (interposing, and Mr. Y. yield-
ing.) The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable,] asked me to withdraw the resolution
which 1 offered.
Mr. VENABLE. Not at all—I do not ask
the gentleman to withdraw his resolution. That
will go to the committee along with the whole
matter.
Mr. BURT. I wish to say that I should not
have offered the resolution, had it not been for my
belief, and for the belief which seemed to be indi-
cated upon the part of the House, that the charge
of the gentleman from New York had been shown
to be wholly unfounded; and from the belief of the
fact, which seemed to be conceded on all hands,
that (he charge arose fiom some misconception on
the part of that gentleman. I have no purpose to
cut off investigation. I stated that it was not the
object of my resolution to cast censure upon the
gentleman from New York. It was apparent on
the face of the resolution, that it was not so intend-
ed; but if there is one member in this House
beside the gentleman from New York, who will
rise in his place, and say there is the slightest
foundation for the charge, I will instantly with-
draw the resolution.
Mr. Burt paused, and no member rose to re-
spond to his appeal.
Mr. ROOT rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. VENABLE claimed his right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Venable] give way to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root?]
Mr. ROOT. I do not wish to interrupt the gen-
tleman. I thought he had concluded.
Mr. VENABLE. Do you want to answer the
question of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Burt ?]
Mr. ROOT. I do not wish to interrupt the gen-
tleman.
Mr. VENABLE, (resuming.) As I before re- (
marked, I am ready to vote for the proposition of ;
the gentleman from South Carolina, to refer this i
whole subject to a select committee; and the indi- j
cations that there is a difference of opinion among |
members, as to what resolution should be adopted, [
is the reason why I proposed that this subject .
should go to a committee. |
I say it should be referred to a committee for j
the further reason stated by the gentleman from i
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly;] a grave charge has been
made against the presiding officer of this House—
a charge which would go down to future history
upon the record. That charge should be met;and j
if there is the shadow ofjustification for it, the j
proof should appear on the record: and if the j
Speaker of this House has been injured—if he has j
been misrepresented—as I know he has been j
injured and misrepresented—the facts which vin- i
dicate him ought to go upon the record of the j
House. He has been charged not only with mu-J
tilating the record, but more—that he has done it i
as an after-thought, and an artifice to prevent the
arresting of the discussion in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the bring-
ing thisquestion of the admission of California be-
fore the House. It is due to the Speaker of this
House, it is due to the country, it is due to truth,
that a committee should be raised, and all the facts
be elicited, and that those facts should appear in
the form of a report which should go forth to the
country and vindicate the Speaker—as 1 know
they would vindicate, even from the breath of
suspicion. And with the view to vindicate him
before the country—with the view to stop the
mouth of any man who may rise up and say that
we wish to stop the discussion and cover up the"
facts—I wish the whole case to be investiga-
ted by a committee, whose report will go upon
the record, and show that it is an unjust, an un-
founded imputation against the Speaker, and that
we are determined—whoever the individual may
be that makes the charge—that the whole truth
shall come out.
I wish to make a "martyr" of nobody—the
days of martyrdom are past. I should have been
quite amused, were it not too grave a subject,at the
menace thrown out by the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth,] that if we passed this resolu-
tion we should make a martyr of the gentleman
from New York, as we had already done of one
gentleman by a resolution of censure, and that it
would raise such a storm at the North as we have
not before seen. I care neither for the menace nor
the storm. No man ever fears the truth, who has
the heartof a man in his bosom. Truth is a terror
only to those who are conscious of the weakness
of their cause.
I trust that the committee will be raised, and
that all the facts will be brought fairly before the
country I trust the gentleman from New York
will be heard,and that the whole case will beplaced
upon the record. I feel no apprehension for the
reputation of the Speaker. *
Mr, ROOT (imperfectly heard) was understood to
say, as it was very possible that he might feel con-
strained to vote against any one of the resolutions
he had heard read, he wished to state one or two
reasons which would influence him. Sitting near
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. King,] as he
did, he thought he could understand perfectly well
how this mistake had arisen on his part, and
how, if there had been a mistake on the part of
the Speaker, that mistake had arisen. He had
observed that the gentleman from New York rose
and made a motion to stop thedebaie in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. He
(Mr. R.) had supposed, as the Speaker had sup-
posed, that the resolution was in the usual form;
but the gentleman's pertinacity in respect to it had
led him to make the inquiry of the gentleman,
what he gained by offering a resolution, and then
moving to lay his own resolution on the table,
and he had subsequently ascertained that the ob-
ject of the gentleman had been to stop debate upon
the bill.
Now, his opinion was, that if the Speaker had
understood the gentleman from New York as the
gentleman intended to be understood, and as he
(Mr. R.) failed to understand him, he would have
declared his resolution out of order. He was
willing to say that of the Speaker—he believed
it of him. But the Speaker, he (Mr. R.) sup-
posed, had nor, at the time the resolution was
offered, thought that it varied at all from the ordi-
nary resolution to stop debate. The Clerk, it
seems, had taken down the original resolution pre-
cisely as it was worded by the gentleman fiom
New York.
Mr. HARRIS, ofTennessee, (interposing.) Will
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] permit me
to ask him one question ? Did not the Speaker,
upon the gentleman from New York rising to
offer the resolution, ask the gentleman from New ;
York to reduce it to writing; and did not the gen-
tleman reply, that the Clerk would do it, and that
it was in the usual form ?
Mr. ROOT replied, that he had no recollection
that such was the fact, nor did he believe it to
have been the fact. The Chair might have re-
quested the gentleman from New York to state his
motion in writing, but he had not. He (Mr. R.)
did not believe that the Speaker had had any idea
that it varied from the ordinary form of similar
resolutions; but he knew that the gentleman had
stated it differently from the ordinary motions.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,; (interposing,
and Mr. Root yielding.) The gentleman from
New York stated this morning that his resolution
was to stop debate upon the California bill. The
resolution, as put on record by the Clerk origi-
nally, was to stop debate upon the message and
the bill, and was not as the gentleman from New
York now states he made the motion. So it is
apparent that it was a mistake of the Clerk alto-
gether.
Mr. ROOT (continuing) said, the gentleman
from Tennessee could diaw what inferences he
pleased as to the fact. He (Mr. R ) had only
stated, that the gentleman from New York had
made the motion in this particular form, and that
he had been at a loss at first to know what the
gentleman expected to gain by offering his reso-
lution, and then moving to lay it on the table.
Mr. BAYLY (interposing, and Mr. R. yield-
ing.) The gentleman from Ohio is an experienced
parliamentarian, and I desire to ask him whether
the resolution, as entered upon the journal, and as
made by the gentleman from New York, does not
effect precisely the same object ? Such is the fact.
Mr. ROOT replied, that he was not sufficiently
experienced in parliamentary rules to know pre-
cisely what would be the effect of the two differ-
ent forms of the resolution. His own opinion
was, that it was not in order, as offered by the gen-
tleman from New York, and he had expected to
hear the Speaker decide that it was not m order.
His own opinion w'as, that it would not be in order
in the House to propose any action upon the bill
in committee, or to make any reference to it; and
he had supposed that the Speakar would so decide.
When the Speaker had come to hear the jour-
nal read, as made up by his clerk, he had found that
the resolution varied from the usual form of similar
resolutions, and had directed that the alteration
should be made. He had nothing to say about '
the motives which had influenced the Speaker.
He believed it better in every respect that this
whole matter should be sent to a committee, so
as to enable the House to arrive at a true knowl-
edge of the facts, and to make a satisfactory dis-
posal of the whole thing. But he had no idea of
voting any censure upon the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. King,] for if the gentleman had been
understood by the Chair, then was the time, as
the gentleman had stated, for the Speaker to have
declared that the resolution was not in order.
Mr. PRESTON KING interposed, and in-
quired whether a motion to instruct the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to ter-
minate debate on the bill, was not in older under
the rules, though itmigftt not be a privileged ques-
tion r
Mr. ROOT replied that the resolution of the
gentleman had been offered as a privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interposed,
and (the floor having been yielded by Mr. Root)
said he wished to put one question to the gentle-
man from Ohio. The gentleman had said that he
understood the motive of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. King,] in putting his resolu-
tion in the form in which he had presented it,
would the gentleman be so good as to inform the
House what was that motive?
Mr. ROOT replied that the gentleman had mis-
understood him. His statement had been, that
he had inquired of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. King] what he expected to accomplish by
offering a resolution, and immediately moving to
lay his own resolution on the table. The gen-
tleman had replied that he wished to indicate
his desire m reference to the California bill. Now,
he could very readily believe that the Speaker's
intentions had been proper in this respect; for he
supposed that the Speaker, had understood the
resolution to be in the ordinary form. If he had
understood it as the gentleman from New York of-
fered it, he would undoubtedly have ruled it out of
order at the time. When the Speaker came to
hear the journal read-, finding that the resolu-
tion had been offered in a different form, he had
directed the correction to be made, acting no
doubt honestly. Yet he did not think that the
gentleman from New York, with the view which
he had had, was deserving of censure; nor
would he (Mr. R.) vote for any resolution of cen-
sure.
Mr. PRESTON KING (interposing) said he
desired to ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
