600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Root] one question. Allusion had been made to
the usual form of these resolutions. He desired
to ask the gentleman from Ohio if the usual form,
as printed and laid upon the Clerk's table, did not
expressly, in print, use the word " bill ?" That
word was not written in the resolution either by
himself (Mr. K.) gr by the Clerk, but it was
printed.
Mr. ROOT replied, he supposed that might be
the usual form; but he believed it was not usual;
and his own opinion was, that it was not in order,
to direct the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to close debate on any of the inci-
dents of the reference. When a measure was
before that committee, and resolutions respecting
it were proposed in committee, how could the
House officially know what these resolutions
were? He thought it was unusual to refer, in a
resolution proposing to terminate debate, to any
incidents of the reference.
Mr. INGE, remarking that he believed the
House was tired of this discussion, and that noth-
ing would be gained by further continuing it at
present, demanded the previous question.
The SPEAKER announced, that if the demand
for the previous question was seconded, the ques-
tion would first be on the resolution of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] to
refer the whole matter to a committee.
Mr. MARSHALL inquired of the Chair, wheth-
er, in case the previous question was sustained, it
would bring the House directly to a vote on the
motion to commit, or upon the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck?]
The SPEAKER stated that the first question
would be on the motion to commit. If that was
negatived, the question would then recur upon the
resolution of the other gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked for the
reading of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck ]
It was read nrcordinsjly.
Mr. SCHENCK modified his proposition as
follows:
Resolved That after hearing the srntement made hy the
Hon. Preston Kivg, a member of thi* House, and the ex-
planation ot Hie Speaker, the Ilou&e is perfectly iatished
that there exists no reason for c.isunu censure upon Ihe
Speaker, but that he did only what it was right and proper
for him to do in the discharge of ins duty, as a presiding offi-
cer, in tlu; coi rection of the Journal.
Mr. STEPHENS. With that modification, I
trust the matter will not be committed.
Mr. BAYLY inquued of the Speaker whether
th/- previous question, if sustained, would cut off
the motion to refer ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and was decided in the af-
firmative.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was on the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
referring the whole subject to a committee of nine
members, with instructions to investigate the same,
and make a report to the Hou*e.
Mr. INGE said that, with (he permission of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
he (Mr. 1.) would suggest to the gentleman sn to
modify it, as to provide that the committee should
be appointed by the gentleman now presiding tem-
poiarily over the deliberations of the House, [Mr.
WltfTHROp.]
Mr. HOLMES said, that if unanimous consent
were given, he would so modify the resolution.
No ohjection having been made, the resolution
was modified accordingly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said that the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Scicenck,] as modified, would effect every object
that could be accomplished by the appointment of
a committee
Mr. BURT asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution; which were refused.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. King, of
Rhode Island, and McQueen, of South Carolina,
were appointed.
And the question was then taken, and decided
m the affirmative—ayes 91, noes 69«
So the whole subject was referred to a commit-
tee of nine members. j,
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration [j
of the vote, and that that motion b$ laid upon the
table.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The following members compose the committee
appointed under this resolution—Mr. Holmes, jof
South Carolina; Mr. Vinton, of Ohio; Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky; Mr. Ashmun, of Massachusetts;
Mr. Doty, of Wisconsin, Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia; Mr. Strong, of Pennsylvania; Mr.
Gentry, of Tennessee, and Mr. Richardson, of
Illinois.
woodworth's patent.
The SPEAKER announced the regular business
of the morning hour to be the motion heretofore
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Conger,] to reconsider the vote by which the bill
to extend the patent for Woodworth's planing ma-
chine had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
On this motion Mr. Otis was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ASHMUN said that the time, technically
denominated the "morning hour," had long since
expired, and he would therefore move that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
california.
So the House again resolved itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special message of
the President of the United States, transmitting
the constitution of California, and of the bill hereto-
fore reported by Mr. Doty, providing; for her ad-
mission, as a State into the Union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, addressed the com-
mittee. He advocated the immediate admission
of California; replied to charges of northern ag-
gression, and unfair expenditures of the revenue,
to the disadvantage of the South; maintained that
the ordinance of 1787, and the Missouri compro-
mise, so far from being opposed by the South, re-
ceived each a majority of southern votes in Con-
gress; that the North had always had it in its
power to defeat the admission of slave States, or
the acquisition of slave territory, yet they had
never done it. He alluded to the proposed Nash-
ville Convention as being a scheme for disunion,
and said that the citizens of Nashville would never
permit a convention for such a purpose to be held
there. He desired members to cast from them all
thoughts of such projects, and rely upon their
rights as protected by the Constitution. He ad-
vocated conciliation and harmony. He said that a
dissolution of the Union could not beelfected with-
out civil war. He said he had always been a party
man; but in the event of such an issueas had been
proposed, he would stand by this Administration
so long and so faithfuilyas it stood by the Con-
stitution. [His speech will be found m the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. H. having concluded,
Mr. ASHMUN obtained the floor, but yielded
to a motion that the committee rise.
This motion having prevailed,
Mr. Speaker Cobb resumed the chair.
The chairman of the committee made a report,
And thereupon, the House adjourned.
petitions, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
I'y Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Jabez Brown, and
Thoma? C. Gladding, and 52 others, citizens of Rhode island
and iVias'-HchusHft!!, pra>tng /or the reduction of postage on
prepaid letter*, to two cents.
Hy Mr. CHANDLER: The petition of 45 citizens of
Philadelphia, asking fur a reduction of postage on prepaid :
letter*.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Darnel Hoffman and ;
24 others, citizens of Jackson countv, Ohio, pravmij Con- i
gre^ fo award bounty lands to the wridieis of the war of I
1813, and the Fnriian wars prior to, and ?mce, that time. i
By Mr. HfKBARD. The petition of Silas M. Pendevter i
and others, citizens of Bartlett, New Hamp^ue, praying for '
a reduction of the rates ot postage. j
By Mr. MOORE: A petition of James It. Brown and i
other citizens of the western States, asking a reduction in ;
the present Kites of postage. i
By Mr. £EDDON: The petition of Benjamin Liuiolnr
Meade and William E. Meade, residuary legatees ol the late
General fe-verard Meade, for arrears of interest, &c.
Also, the petition of John A. Saunder* and Reuben Clem-
enj.,of Virginia, for allowance ot pay due for-servicus during
the last war with Great Britain.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of Benjam n Loomls,
of the State of Michigan, for a pension, m consequence ot*
infiimities incurred by service in the late war with Great
Bntain.
By Mr. REED: The petition of William V. Day and 109
others, citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for suchli modification ot the tanff a<s shall secure ample
protection to alt the great national interests."
Also, the petition of John A. Happer and 28 others, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Dr. John White and 89 others, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of J. H. Hopkins and 181 others, for the *
same purpose.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 26, 1850.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Illinois, asking that the public lands may
be granted in limited quantitifcs to actual 3ettlers;
which was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. COOPER presented eleven petitions, nu-
! merously signed by citizens of the State of Penn-
sylvania, asking that the office of chaplain in the
public service may be abolished; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, the memorial of the Philadelphia Board of
Trade, asking a reduction of the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Delaware
county, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking that
a Bureau of Agriculture may be established in one
of the Executive departments of the Government;
which were referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Also, a petition of manufacturers, mechanics,
and other citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
asking that the act of February 26', 1845, extend-
ing the patent of Wm. Woodworth, lor a planing
machine, may be repealed; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, of citizens of Pennsylvania and Dela-
ware, asking a leduction in the rates of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pittsburg, Alle-
ghany county, in the State of Pennsylvania, ask-
ing the erection of a custom-house, post-office,
and court-house at that place, and setting forth
their belief that a lot of ground owned by the
United States, which yields no rent to the Gov-
ernment, could be advantageously sold at this
time, and the .money received would purchase a
suitable site for such erection; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance^
Also, ofcitizens of Mercer county, Pennsylvania,
asking the adoption of measures for the settlement
of international difficulties; which was refened to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, ft memorial of citizens of the State of
Pennsylvania, interested in the manufacture of iron,
asking an increase of duties on foreign iron; which
was referred to the Commiitee on Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of Susquehanna
county, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking that
slavery and the slave-trade may be expressly pro-
hibited by law in all the territories of the United
States; which was received, and ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the petition of John
H. Atkinson and other citizens, residing in the
slaveholding St.ites, asking that the blessings of
slavery may be extended, and setting forth that
slavery, as it now exists, is of Divine origin; that
its existence is coeval with the existence ot'society;
that it has been established by God himself, and
sustained and promulgated by the patriarchs,
prophets, and apostles—of the truth of which, the
Scripture contains sufficient testimony. JN'oah,
speaking by inspiration, said unto Ham, the father
of Canaan, " Cursed be Canaan; a servant of
servants shall he be unto hisbrethren," (Gen., ch.
9, v. 25.) Moses, by Divine authority, established
slavery forever: " Both thy bondmen and thy
1 bondmaids, which thou shalt have, shall be of the
' heathen that are roundabout you; of them shall
' ye buy bondmen and bondmaids," (Leviticus,
ch. 25, v. 44.) After quoting like authorities, the
petitioners say that, "thus sustained, they view
* the institution of slavery as of Divine appoint-
