1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
'merit, and behold with sorrow and-regret that
1 there are portions of this Union that not only
4 seek to abrogate it where it now happily exists,
* but even propose to exclude it from our newly-
* acquired territory; and therefore earnestly pray
i that the institution of slavery may not only be
4 authorized in the newly-acquired territories, but
1 that its blessings may be extended over that por-
' tion of the Union whose inhabitants have placed
4 themselves beyond the pale of its blessings, and
* who, by so doing, are living in daily violation of
4 the laws of God;" which was received, and or-
4 dered to lie on the table.
Mr. BORLAND presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Hempstead county, Arkansas, asking
the establishment of a mail-route from Washing-
ton, in that State, to intersect the routes from
Camden, Arkansas, to Homer, in Louisiana;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the State of Arkansas, asking the construc-
tion of a road from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean, and setting forth the advantages
which would result from constructing a road from
Memphis, or some other point on the Mississippi
river, to Monterey, over all other plans; that it
would be 1,000 or 1,500 miles nearer than Whit-
ney's route; and being in an open climate, would
have thead vantage of open communication through-
out the year, and is several thousand miles nearer
than the route by the Isthmus, and ask that a
competent corps of engineers be immediately or-
dered to survey a route from the Mississippi river,
via Santa Fe or El Paso, to some suitable terminus
on the Pacific; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to revive,
and continue in force for a limited time, the pro-
visions of an act relative to suspended entries of
public lands, reported back the same, without
amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the documents
relating to the claim of H. I. McClintock, Harri-
son Gill, and Mansfield Carter, for services at the
Nemeshaw agency for the Sac and Fox Indians,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of the Christian party of the
Menomonee Indians, asking to be paid for their land,
according to the quantity ceded, and to exchange
the land given by the treaty east of the Mississippi
river, for land west of Lake Pepin, or east of
Green bay, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the same; which was con-
curred in.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following, which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of pjoviding by law
for allowing to the States in which the public lands are .-sit-
uated, the same per cntage upon the sale* of such lands for
military bounty land wariants as upon similarsales for cash,
in accordance with the bpirit and meaning of the compacts
with those States.
Mr. FELCH submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Poet
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a mail-roote from Mount Clemens, in Macomb
county, via Asbhyvdle, to Algonac, in St. Clair county,
Michigan.
The folio wing resolution, submitted vesterday by
Mr. Bell, was taken up and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pnriftnsbe instructed
to inquire and report whether any and what arrangement or
li-gUlatiori is necessary to effect a more prompt and proper
execution of the printing of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther morning business, the resolutions lying over
will be taken up in the order in which they come.
Mr. KING. Before that is done, I will mention
that an adverse report, in the case of F. B. Stock-
ton, was laid on the table, at my suggestion. I now
move to take up that report, and recommit it to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Afterabriefconversation between Messrs. BER-
RIEN and YULEE, the two adverse reports were
recommitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs,.
together with a paper presented by Mr. Berrien.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Dodge, of Wisconsin, on the 28th of January,
was considered and adopted:
Resolved, TUat the Secretary of the Interior be directed to
communicate to the Senate a statement, showing the num-
ber of acres of land within the preseritarea of the Milwaukee
land-district, the number of acres sold, and the quantity re-
inaiuing unsold ; as also h btatementol the amount received
tor the sale of public lands situated within the present limits
of said district, discriminating between the amount paid lor
such lands in the office at Green Bay, and that paid at Mil-
waukee, since the establishment of the land-office at the
latter place.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Walker on the 28th of January, was taken up
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed, ifin his
power, to communicate to the Senate a statement, showing
the extent and value ofthe commerce on Lakes Ontario, Eric,
Huron, Michigan, and Superior, exhibiting the amount of
tonnage of American vessels, whether propelled by wind or
steam, engaged in this commerce ; the aygiegate cost of such
ves«cls, the number of manners employed on board, and the
annual expense of manning and working the vessels, with
the number of passengers transported therein, and the annua!
value of that branch of trade; also, such information in re-
gard to the tonnage, &c., of the British shipping on these
several Jakes, as may be in the possession of the department
under his charge.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Yulee on the 4th of February, was taken up and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providinga suita-
ble dep6t at Ke) -West for supplies and fuel for the use ofthe
navy.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Clemens on the 4th of February, was taken up
and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a na-
tional foundry in the State of Alabama.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The following lesolution, submitted by Mr.
Whitcomb, on the 6th February, was taken up
for consideration:
Revoked, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to the Senate, copies of all charges or
complaints made or exhibited for the removal of J. D. G.
Nel-ou from the office winch he recently held of receiver of
public moneys at Fort Wayne, in the State of Indiana.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would suggest to the mover
of this resolution the propriety of allowing it to
await the action of the Senate on the resolution of
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,} now
under discussion, and which has, 1 believe, been
made the special order for Thursday next.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would cheerfully aw^it
the action of the Senate on the resolution offered
by the Senator from Maine, were it not that 1 am
very apprehensive that we shall have no action
upon it, or, at all events, until such a period as
will make it useless for the purpose I have in
view. This is a particular case, and I am anxious
to have the action of the Senate upon it imme-
diately. The individual to whom the resolution
has reference, has no objection to his removal from
office; he fully expected it upon the change of
Administration; but as it has been announced to
the public, that no removals would be made unless
for fraud or inefficiency, he is anxious to have it
established before the country thathe was removed
for no such cause.
Mr. BERRIEN. It must be perfectly obvious
to the Senate that this resolution involves precisely
the same question, on a more limited scale—be-
cause confined toa single individual—as the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Maine.- Unless, therefore,
the Senate isdisposed to commit itself, by adeciston
upon this individual case, as to the action which it
will take upon the vast mass of cases involved in
the motion of the Senator from Maine, I should
hope the action of the Senate will not be had upon
the present motion. Since I cannot prevail upon
the Senator from Indiana to suspend action upon
his motion, with a view to await the general dis-
cussion, which I hope will be terminated in the
course of the present week—for I believe that is
the general desire of Senators—I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. WHITCOMB called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator from Georgia
withdiaw the motion to lay on the table for a mo-
ment.
Mr. BERRIEN. It cannot be done; the yeas
and nays are ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jt can be done by
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
The motion to lay on the table was then, by
unanimous consent, withdrawn.
, Mr. CHASE. I should be exceedingly glad if
j I should be able to prevail upon my friend from
| Indiana to withdraw this motion at this time. It
I seems to me that it is due to Senators on this
i side of the chamber, who have not had an oppor-
I tunity of discussing, except so far as it has been
j discussed by the gentleman from Connecticut,
j [Mr. Smith,"] l^e general question embraced in
! these resolutions, that they should have an oppor-
j tunity to do so. I should be exceedingly unwil-
| ling to be compelled to vote to lay this resolution
i on the table, for as far as I am at present advised,
I recognize the principle involved m the resolution;
and at the same time, it seems to me but a matter
of justice to the gentlemen who have expressed
their intention to discuss the general question, that
they should have an oppoitunity of discussing it
before the vote is taken I trust, therefore, that
my friend from Indiana will withdraw the motion
for the consideration of his resolution at the pres-
ent time, and permit it to lie over until the Senate
shall decide upon the question involved in the
resolution submitted by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. BELL. 1 should like, with the permission
of the Senator from Indiana, that this motion
should be postponed to some future day, not very
remote, and then the resolution of the Senator from
{ Maine can be passed upon on Thuisday, and if
any gentleman wishes to continue the discussion
of the question involved in it, lie can do it by call-
ing up this resolution. With regard to my own
j personal convenience, I should be much gratified
1 if the Senator from Indiana would consent to such
a course. I had proposed, with the indulgence of
the Senate, to address the Senate at some length
j on the question involved in the resolution of the
Senator from Maine; but I should have some em-
barrassment in doing so with the present disposi-
tion of the Senate to dispose of that resolution
| immediately. But if this resolution, involving the
j same question, were permitted to lio over, i, and
; any other gentleman wishing to address the Senate
| on the question, would have an opportunity of
i doing it after the vote had been taken on the res-
i olution of the Senator fiom Maine, i hope that
j the Senator from Indiana will, therefore, consent
| to that course.
I Mr. WHITCOMB. ^ Independent of this, I
; have one or two other resolutions, involving the
! same question, on the list, but 1 will, nevertheless,
consent to the motion to postpone.
The further consideration of the resolution was
then postponed to Tuesday next.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Whitcomb on the 18th of February, was next
taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the Senate on what day, fcincc the ia t ses-
sion ot Congress, John Webster was remove d from the post
of pilot on board a revenue cutter on the hikes, the date of
the order lor his leinoval, and the day on which his pay as
such pilot ceased ; aUo, that lie cause to he uansrmtted to
the Senate copies ot all charges, «omplalnts, or papers, (if
any) exhibited against the said John Webster,and to inform
the Senate whether he has had an opportunity ot being heard
thereon.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I should wish to have this
resolution acted on at once, as it involve? other
questions than that embraced in the resolution just
passed over.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to ask the Senator the
question, by whom are the pilots appointed?
Mr. WHITCOMB. They are appointed by
the President, are they not?
Mr. DAWSON. I think not.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I do not see the pertinency
of the Senator's inquiry.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not think the President
has the appointing power.
Mr. WHITCOMB. The pilots are appointed
by an officer under him, and therefore the infor-
mation mu8tcome through him.
Mr. DAYTON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask where this pilot is?
Mr. WHITCOMB. On one of the upper lakes.
If there is any strong objection to the resolution,
let it lie over to next Tuesday. v
The resolution was then laid over accordingly.
FUNERAL OBSEQUIES,
The following resolution, submitted by Mr,
