602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Clay on the Ilth of February, next came up in
order:
Resolved, That in future, when a member of Congress
dies, and has iven buried in the vacation, the Senate will
not (eel itself called upon to extend to the memory of the
decea.-ed the honors and ceremonies which have been of
late years uj-ually awarded, but will restrict itself hereafter,
in the appropriation of these honors and ceremonies, to
cases of the death of members duting the session of Con-
gress.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose that resolution can
now be acted upon.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator who offered
it is not in his seat.
Mr. FOdTE. It has been very fully discussed,
and I suppose there will be no opposition to it.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am by no means sure of
that; I am not sure that this resolution ought to
pass; I rather think it ought not. Suppose a case,
that a member of this body should die on the last
of November, two dctys before the meeting-of the
Senate, would you proceed to the transaction of
the ordinary business, without paying any respect
to his memory? 1 apprehend not; and yet such
would he the rule if this resolution should pass.
Mr. FOOTE. If there is any probability of the
resolution being hazarded, by its adoption being
pressed at this time, and in the absence of the
Senator from Kentucky, let it be postponed. 1
thought that it was the general inclination to adopt
the resolution, and therefore that it had better be
acieft upon at once.
Mr. BERRIEN". I had precisely the same
view as the Senator from Mississippi, and I be-
lieve that the general impression of the Senate is
in favor of the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. KING. Let it lie over.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am quite content that it
should be passed over.
The resolution was then passed by accordingly.
PROFESSOR JOHNSON ON COAL.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Borland on the 30th January, was taken up :
ResoUel, That the Seerc-taiy of the Senate be, and he is
hnei>y, directed to purchase, for the use of the Senate, 
copies of Professor Walt* r ft. Johnson's recent work, en-
tilled " The Coal Tiade of British America, wuh re eai ches
on the characters and practical values ot American and
foreign coals:" Prodded, That the cost of said work shall
not exceed a copy.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the,resolution
was laid upon the table.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Bright on the 27th February, was next taken up:
Rewired, Thai ihe S cmary oi the Interior he directed
to lepixt to the Senate, the number and names of the re-
spective clerks, messengers, and .til other otiicer<. and the
compensation of each, who have been employ- d in his own
office (staling ali-o during what penod cacli has been em-
ployed) s-ince the 4th oi March, 38-IU; al*n, the law*, by
authority of which they respectively have been ?o em-
ployed; al-o, the names and compensation of each clerk
or othei officer, who has beun transferred to hi-s olhce from
anotlu r department or office of the Government, when so
traiiyferied, and by what authonty; aUo, whether any
clerks or other officers are,^>r have tieen, employed in his
office, who are now receiving, or have received, compen-
sation (while emplojed in 1ns office) as c lerks, or otiiceis
of any ol the bureau?, subordinate to said Secretary, and
by what authority ot Con^rcs , or otherwi?e, such clerks or
officers are, or have been, . o employed in in-, office.
Mr. BELL. I believe when my attention was
first called to this resolution, at the time of its in-
troduction^ I expressed my opposition to it. I
have, however, had occasion to reflect upon the
power and duties of the Secretary of the interior,
in connection with the discharg of his duty, under
the very limited provision made by law for him.
I think a full report upon thu whole question,
except, perhaps, the names of the officers, will be
found m the report from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. But the Senator from Indiana thinks it im-
portant to have this resolution passed. Of course,
no one can object fo it. 1 think it a pretty hard
measure of justice to deal out to any officer of the
Government, to require from him very important
duties, and provide for him no adequate means for
their performance; and i simply suggest to the
Senator from Indiana, whether it would not be
better that he should accept the amendment that 1
hold in my hand, to give an opportunity to the
Secretary to report on another bianch of the same
subject.
The amendment was read, and was understood
to be a call for a more extensive answer as to the
authority by which the Secretary of the Interior
discharges the duties of that office.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not aware that any report
has been made by that officer, to either branch of
Congress, that covers the information desired by
my resolution. If there has been any such re-
port, I will not, of course, press the motion. I do
not desire to embarrass that officer, but rumor
assigns to him the exercise of a power not con-
ferred on him by law; and I am anxious to know
whether or not he has appointed officers not pro-
vided for by law, what salary has been paid to
them, and what transfer has been made from the
different bureaus of clerks, ..without the authority
of law. I imagine this object cannot be so well
attained, as in the shape proposed in the resolution
which I have proposed; and I would therefore
prefer, if there is no serious objection, that it be
adopted.
Mr. BELL. I do not object to the resolution,
if the gentleman does not object to the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall notobjectto it. As an
amendment to the entire resolution, I will accept it.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] and also to the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that this
whole subject, 1 presume, came up in whatis called
the deficiency hill, in the other branch of Congress,
and all the information relative to this office has
been obtained there. I think it will be found, on
examination, that the fact of the Secretary of the
Interior being compelled to employ additional
clerks, without the authority of law, has been
brought up before that body—that in the examina-
tion of this subject before the House, it was
admitted that the Secretary of the Interior was
compelled to employ additional clerks without the
authority of law. The necessity of that course,
has induced the House to adopt and sanction this
conduct on his part, because the public interests
could not be subserved without their employment;
and I think, sir, that, on the examination, all the
facts desired by this resolution will be found to
have been obtained in the other House. I have
not seen the documents, but I presume so from the
debates in the other branch of Congress. I trust
the resolution will be passed by for a day or two,
that we may examine this matter, and perhaps
supersede the necessity of again employing clerks
in the very laborious duties that would be necesary
in complying with the resolution, and also obviate
the necessity of punting over again the informa-
tion which we may receive from the House. I will
take the trouble to examine into the matter myself,
if the Senator wtll permit the resolution to be
passed over for a day or two.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution has already
been on the files for some days, but I will consent
to pass it over, on the undetstanding that it shall be
taken up again in a few days. Will tiie Senator
name a day ?
Mr. DAWSON. The facts can be very soon
ascertained. The whole question was discussed
in the other branch of Congress. I have no desire
to name a day. Any day that suits the Senator,
will suit me. I can obtain the information pro-
posed by the next regular morning for calling up
the resolutions in their order.
Mr. BRIGHT. When will be the next day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
every morning.
The resolution was then passed over for the
present; but Mr. Bright intimated that he would
call it up on Tuesday next,
NEW STATES AND TERRITORIES.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that the territorial bills,
reported to us yesterday by the Senator from Illi-
nois, be now taken up for the purpose of being
made the special order for Friday next, which I
understand is not occupied by any other special
order. Seeing the importance of the measure, and
the obvious probability of amendments being
offered to it, I hope the Senate will permit the mo-
tion to be adopted.
I Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I wish to give
notice to the Senate, that the friends of California
now mean to go into this question. California,
sir, is entitled to consideration. She is not to be
postponed m this manner. She was reported first
by the committee, and I, as a friend to the admis-
sion of that State, mean, from this time forth, to
contend that she shall be brought before the Senate
and acted upon. I object to taking up the terri-
torial bills before the admission of the State is
acted upon. The State is entitled to precedence
in every aspect in which fhecase can be looked at.
She is a State. She has acted independently, upon
the coast of the Pacific ocean. She is not able to
borrow a dollar to keep her alive from day to day,
on account of her anomalous condition. Six hun-
dred thousand dollars have been taken from the
people of that country by this Government, with-
out even giving them protection. Six" hundred
thousand dollars have been taken from them by a
law which subjects them to be transported to Ore-
gon or Louisiana for the trial of alleged offences.
These people are suffering, have been suffering,
and will continue to suffer; and from this time
forward it is a question to be settled by the
voice*)f the Senate, whether or not she shall be
any longei postponed. As a friend to the State
of Calnorma, 1 now come into the action, and
from this time forth I will struggle for the admis-
sion of the State.
Mr. FOOTE. I am glad that the honorable
Senator from Missouri has come into the war.
We meet again at Phillippi. , I have known all
along the spirit which actuated that honorable
Senator, in relation to the subject under considera-
tion, and rejoice that he has finally come forward
to exhibit it so manifestly befote the country. I
know something of his designs and motives, and
the country shall know them as well as 1 do; and
that will be much better than all now do. The
Senator need not think of frightening anybody
by a blustering and dogmatic demeanor. We
have rights here, as well as the Senator from Mis-
souri, and we mean to maintain them "at all
hazards and to the last extremity.'' He announces
himself as the friend of California. Ah, indeed!
the friend of California I This new-born friend-
ship seems to be most enthusiastic and violent.
Yes, sir, it is true, as the honorable Senator has
declared, that the condition of California is most
forlorn—most deplorable—such as to entitle that
new and interesting people to our warmest sym-
pathies. It is true that the people of California
have suffered for wantof governmental protection,
and the means necessary to their safety and pros-
perity. It is perfectly true, sir; but whose fault
is it: Not ours, who have tried time and again to
secure a government to our fellow-citizens on the
Pacific shore. It is in part, sir, as we all know,
and as our journals well attest, the fault of the
Senator himself, and those who have acted with
him here. Did not he vote, sir, against the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker,] which would have given civil or-
ganization, and full and perfect security, to the
people of California? Did he not even vote against
the treaty acquiring that beautiful region? I am
not surprised, sir, that the honorable Senator has
now become a most zealous and unswerving ad-
vocate of the claims of California to admission as
a State; but I know, also, that some have sup-
posed it to be at least possible that his halting and
reluctant zeal has been stimulated, at the present
session, by certain personal and domestic con-
siderations—quite natural and amiable m them-
selves, but not entitled to operate here in contra-
vention of the high public reasons which have
been stated by various Senators, at different times,
in our hearing.
The honorable Senator now says, " I am the
friend of California." " I announce—I, sir—I an-
nounce—that I will from this day henceforward
insist—!, the Cassar, the Napoleon of the Senate—
I announce—that I have now come into the war
with sword and buckler." Well, &ir, 1 say again,
that I rejoice that he has come into the war; and
after a while we will all see what sort of a war he
will make of it. If I am to understand the honor-
able Senator a3 intending to do me the honor of
singling me outas his antagonist, then I say frank-
ly, that there is no man in all Christendom, that I
would rather meet upon the arena of contest, than
himself. Indeed, I am delighted, sir, that he has
at last taken up the glove which, as an humble
champion of the constitutional rights of the South,
I have long ago thrown down to him. He, sir,
is the special friend of California! Yes, sir, the
special friend. What, sir! has California any
enemy here? That seems to be implied by the
language of the honorable Senator. If he so in-
tended to be understood, I believe that he is in
gross error. California, in my judgment, has no
enemy here. She has several indiscreet friends,
including the Senator from Missouri, but no ene-
my that I know of. Surely, I am not her enemy,
