1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
nor have I ever so shown myself to be on any
occasion.
The Senator from Missouri asserts that, accord-
ing to the arrangement of the committee which
reported the two bills referred to, the California
bill was to have precedence over the one which I
desire to have taken up and made the order of the
day for Friday next. I took especial pains to
have this point settled on yesterday. I inquired,
in hearing of the Senate on yesterday, of the hon-
orable Senator who reported these bills, [Mr.
Douglas,] who is now in his seat, whether it was
the intention of the committee to give any such
precedence, and received his assurance that they
had no such intention at all, but that they designed
to leave the whole subject (including this point of
precedence) to the judgment of the Senate.
And row, sir, permit me to ask what evil re-
sults are likely to flow from the course which I
propose? Have 1 saida word against the ultimate
admission of California ? though perhaps I might
have done so, without misrepresenting the sov-
ereign people who sent me here. No, sir—no.
This whole question of admission I have dealt
with most delicately and discreetly, as was my
duty and my policy—as a man anxious, above all
things, to revive the reign of good feeling here,
and in the country, and secure the final adjustment
of all pending questions on terms of equality and
honor, such as would be alike satisfactory to all
parts of the Republic. My opposition has been so
far limited to the measure of admitting California,
as a. separate and substantive measure. 1 believed, and
yet believe, that the adoption of this measure, with-
out theadoption of the other measures which relate
to the subject of slavery, would be productive of
much sectional dissatisfaction, and probably of
other consequences likewise, of a still graver char-
acter. I have thought, and still think, that Cali-
fornia, if admitted at all, should be admitted in a
manner to give no needless offence to public sen-
timent in any part of the Republic. I have urged
that the act of admission, which all know is cer-
tainly to take place, should occur under such cir-
cumstances as, if not of a nature to secure a cor-
dial and gracious reception of the newly-made
Sute, might yet procure the ultimate acquiescence
of all those sovereign States with which she as-
pires to be associated. I have ardently desired,
above all things, that nothing shall be now done
which might disturb the quiet and good feeling at
present prevailing among us, and obstruct that
fair and honorable compromise of all pending
questions, which every good citizen—every dis-
interested friend of the Union itself must ardent-
ly desire. I-have said further—and I feel that
I can maintain the proposition triumphantly—
that no man, who desiressuch a peaceful and hon-
orable settlement of the unhappy sectional contest
which has been for several years past in pro-
gress—no man, who does not feel that further
agitation of the questions referred to, is important
to the lealization of his peculiar schemes of ambi-
tion, could desire to force California into the
Union, in such a manner as inevitably to impart
a great shock to southern sensibility—already pro-
foundly excited—and mar those cheering hopes of
fraternal compromise and settlement, now begin-
ning to be cherished both heie and elsewhere.
Why, sir, if my motion be allowed to prevail—if
the territorial bill is taken up first for considera-
tion if the questions involved in that measure can
be adjusted—then California can gain entrance into
the Union immediately afterward—on the same
day, lf need be; and if the fugitive slave bill can
be likewise secured a passage through both Houses
of Congress—though some exasperation of local
feeling may still remain—though the South may
not suppose, that upon the whole, she has been
fairly and generously dealt with, yet the tempo-
rary alienation of the moment may be expectcd to
pass away, and the ancient sentiment of brother- !
hood, wmch once united these States by ligaments
stronger than links of iron, will be again eventually
restored to all their former potency. I said yes-
terday, sir, with perfect frankness—with more
frankness, some may think, than discretion—that,
for one,-I did not at all doubt the admission of
California—by a large majority of votes, too, in
both Houses of Congress, though I find myself
reported this morning as using language entitely
the reverse of this. This is still my opinion—it
is the opinion of every Senator who hears me—
of those who will vote agamst the act of admis-
sion, and those who will vote in favor of it. We
all know that California is, in truth, not in the
least danger. She needs no fierce and blustering
advocacy, either here or elsewhere. Her most
judicious friends, I will add, are willing that her
admission shall be either part of a general plan of
arrangement, or that it shall follow the adoption
of other measures, not so certain of obtaining con-
gressional sanction. Now, the California bill is
hkely to pass whenever called up, with slight, if
any, amendments; it will have but few obstructions
thrown in the way to retard its progress through
both Houses of Congress, whereas the territorial
bill, everybody knows, is to be stoutly and zeal-
ously opposed by various persons and parties—
numerous amendments are soon to be offered to
it, and its eventual approval^y both Houses, and
the Executive in addition, is, to say the least, most
painfully doubtful. In this view, also, I thought
it best to take up the compromise bill first. Far
distant from my intention was it to defeat the Cali-
foi ma bill by device—by stratagem—by indirection
of any sort. Far less did it enter my thoughts to
treat that bill with contempt, by postponing its
consideration for a few days.
Mr, BENTON. Mr. President, I mean by the
friends of California, those who are in favor of
admitting the State without remanding her to the
territorial condition, and without dissolving the
Union on account of her admission. That is the
line of distinction I make, sir. Now, sir, I am
understood.
Mr. President, I believe this is the American
Senate. I believe, by the laws of this Senate, that
personalities and attacks upon motives arc forbid-
den. I also believe that they are forbidden by the
rules of decorum. This much I believe; and
now, sir, 1 will tell you what I know; I know that
the attacks made upon my motives to-day and
heretofore in this chamber, are false and cowardly.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator, I feel bound to acknowledge, has mani-
fested an edifying consistency on this occasion;
and I doubt not the public at large will accord him
mucf credit therefor. What does he say ? Why,
this Pattr Senatus—(I never said Senafi, though
some of the letter-writers so reported me, although,
as every real scholar knows, it would have been
just as correct as Senatus)—yes, sir, this Pater
Senatus—this Censor JUorum says, and says
gravely, too—and as if he were quite in earnest,
and for all the world as if he had never in his life
been guilty of uttering scurrilous invective in this
hall of deliberation—that personalities are alike
forbidden by the rules of the Senate, and by the
laws of decorum; after which—ay, the very next
second—he is heard to pour forth a full tide of as
offensive personalities as were ever listened to in
the Senate, or as could have been uttered with equal
volubility and unction by a regular ale-house dis-
putant. Yes, sir, this gentleman—more renowned
than any o£ modern times, for the incessant eructa-
tion of the terms of coaise and low revilement,
and not wholly free from the frailty of indulging in
another sort of personality which, may be called
personality egotistical—now whinmgly complains
that personalities have been resorted to for his an-
noyment. Well, sir, what if I say that, in this
war of personalities, the Senator fiom Missouri is
most manifestly the aggressor—that the words of
personal reproach, or, rather, of unkind and illib-
eral innuendo, found utterance first from his lips?
Is this not true, sir? Did he not commence this
contest, by paiading himself foith as the peculiar
friend and champion of California, and the meas-
ure of her admission? Did he not thus most
clearly insinuate, that those of us whom he was
combatting so lustily were enemies to California?
Was this not personality? was this not a grossly
calumnious charge ? Sir, the whole Senate and the
country know, that only an affirmative response
can be given to these interrogatories.
Bur the gentleman says, 1 mean by the friends
of California, those who are disposed to bring her
into the Confederacy, without forcing her back
into a territorial condition, and who are not for dis-
solving the Union on account of her admission.
Weil, sir, 1 have not yet insisted upon California
being foiced back into a territorial state. I have
not yet been heard to declaie for a dissolution of
the Union, if she should be admitted m a manner
not intentionally and deliberately offensive and in-
sulting to the South. These are delicate points,
that I have not yet touched on, or alluded to—I
reserve a full declaration of my vie ws, in reference
to these points, for a more suitable stage of this
unhappy contest; and yet he presumes tocias3 me
among the enemies of California. What provo-
cation did I administer to the honorable Senator
from Missouri, that he should have taken it u^on
himself to flame out against me so outrageously'?
What did I do to justify him in all the wrathful
denunciation with which he has been pleased to
begin the war of words this morning ? What trea-
sonable acts of insubordination among us base
sons of humanity, who dwell beneath the cope of
heaven, has brought foith this Jupiter Tonans of
the Senate, with all his thunderbolts of vengeance
awd of perdition ? What has roused this Napoleon
of parliamentary strife—this more than lieutenant-
general upon the arena of political warfare—and
prompted him thus to bnngall the artillery of his
logic, his sarcasm, ami his self-idohzing rhetoric,
into our very midst, filling his adversaries with
fear and with discouragement, arid forcing the
very hills and valleys to reecho to the rude voice
of war? v
And now, Mr. President, before T conclude, let
me offer one or two additional observations, that
I hope will be specially noticed, and safely t eas-
ured up in the memory of the honorable Senator
from Missouri. He commenced the conflict this
morning with language of incivility, entirely un-
provoked, and wholly unexpected by me. Really
1 am not certain that I knew of the honorable
Senator's presence in the Senaie chamber, when I
brought forward the motion under consideration.
Certainly I did not allude to that Senator in my
opening remarks, or utter a word that could give
just offence to any human being, indeed, ceuain
passages had heretofore occurred between that
Senator and myself, which had induced me to re-
solve never again to allude to him in debate, or
even to think of him at all, if 1 could possibly
avoid it. Under such circumstances, he made his
fierce assault upon my motion, and through it
upon me. His manner, as all present know, was
far more offensive than his words. His words {
responded to in the spirit which they breathed—
his manner I rebuked, as I had a right to do. His
malign and covert innuendoes I repelled, as it was
easy to do. I carried the war a little, too, into the
enemy's country. And what then occurred ? Why,
this Senator, who abhors personalities, who loves
decorum, and who lectuies on parliamentary cour-
tesy, presumed to apply to me the harshestand most
di&honoring epithets. Yes, sir, the harshest and
most dishonoring epithets, if they shall rt-mainunre-
sented. Well, sir, I beg Senators to observe me; I am
calm, cool, unexcited—not canied away by sud-
den arid tempestuous wrath—not instated, either,
by feelings of cold and sullen revenge. I beg
Senators to believe me when 1 assure them, that f
never bring accusations against any man, whether
he be a public or private individual, which I do
not believe myself able to establish by irrefragable
evidence, and in maintaining which, I do not feel
myself responsible in every way whatever to him
who chances to be assailed. And now, sir, I will
formally announce, that there are certain stains
which have most hideously blemished thecharacter
of the honorable Senator from Missouri, ^ince the
days of his early manhood; that the unfavorable
anticipations, awakened by the dawn of his career,
have been quite strikingly realized by themeiidian
of devolop'i.ent through which the honorable
Senator has now passed; that there are incidents
in his history, of somewhat recent occurrence,
which might well relieve any man of honor from
the obligation to recognize him as a fittingamago-
j nist; yet is it, notwithstanding, true, that if the
■ Senator from Missouri will deign to acknowledge
I himself responsible to the laws of honor, he shall
j have a very early opportunity of proving his
I prowess in contest with one over whom I hofd
l perfect control* or, if he feels in the least degree
! aggneved at anything which has fallen from me,
I now or formerly, he shall, on demanding if, have
; full redress accorded him, according to the said
I laws of honor. I do not denounce him as a
coivard—such language is unfitted for this au-
dience—but if he wishes to patch up his reputation
for courage, now greatly on the wane, he will cer-
tainly have an opportunity of doing so whenever
he makes known his desire in the premises. At
present, he is shielded by his aee, his open disa-
vowal of the obligatory force of the laws of honor,
and his Senatorial privileges.
