THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST. 31, 1850.
New Series...,.No. 107.
that party. Shall we abandon it now—especially
at a time when it seems to be, and in fact is, the
only principle upon which we can settle the ques-
tion of territorial governments? My people are
slaveholders. They never have asked, nor do they
now ask, anything from you in regard to this in-
stitution—but they tell you to let it alone. They
say to me, and 1 say to you, we have acquired this
territory from Mexico as it is; we huve no fears as
to the operation of the Mexican laws ovcivit. We
believe that our common flag:, waving over a com-
mon territory, will protect alike the rights of the
northern and the southern man. We do riot aslc
that the Mexican laws shall be repealed, though
1 should like to see it done, to satisfy the opinions
and feelings of my southern friends. But I say
that my constituents do not demand i;, snd 1 shall
not. We ask to be let alone. We have taken
the territory as it is. Let Congress hold its hands
off. If the law of God, or the Mexican law, or
any other law shuts us out from the territory, it is
not the fault of Congress. But let Congress stay
its hand. We propose to send the Constitution of
the country and the laws of Congress into that
territory; and I ask no other guarantee as the sine
qua non of my vote.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus stated the object
of my amendment. I do not desire to see this
omnibus coopered up again; but if we can settle
all these questions better in ttiat form, 1 should
rejoice to see it done. If gentlemen are indis-
posed to attempt to pass all these measures in a
single bill, I shall be content. And, in proof o
the sincenly of that declaration, I propose to with-
draw all that portion of my amendment which
relates to the Territory of Utah. My object is to
satisfy every gentleman on all sides of this House
that 1 am earnestly and in good faith seeking to
test the sense of the House upon the doctrine of
non-intervention. I want to see that principle
carried out—1 want to see it carried out in good
faith. I wish to see peace restored to the country.
I am for the Union, t am for the Constitution as
it is—I want no amendment to it. All [ want, j
all I ask, is, that its provisions, as they now exist. ;
shall be faithfully carried out. I say I am for
the Union—not so much because it protects us j
from foreign aggression, as for the more important j
reason that it protects us against one another. In |
the name of God, let us save that Constitution. !
I said—though I fear 1 have in some degree vio-
lated the strict letter of my word—that I did not
intend to make a speech 
[Cries, " Go on, Boyd—go on."]
Mr. BOYD, (continuing.) I do not intend it.
We have already been listening to speeches for
nine long months. It is time we should act. I
am astonished at the patience with which our
constituents have borne our procrastination. 1
think we have talked enough—in God's name let
us act. ff the result of our action should be,
that we cannot settle these questions upon the
only principles on which, as I have stated, 1 be-
lieve they can be settled, then I, for one, shall be
in favor of an immediate adjournment after the
passage of the necessary appropi iation bills. Nay,
I will°go further, and say, that I should be pleased,
in that event, to see every man of this House re-
sign his commission into the hands of the people
who gave it,and leave it to them to send here Rep-
resentatives better disposed to do their duty and
to save the Union.
I have not another word to say.* I withdraw
that portion of my amendment which relates, to
the Territory of Utah.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyp] as
modifying his amendment?
Mr. BOYD. Yes—by withdrawing so much
as relates to the Territory of Utah. I do it for
the purpose of simplifying the amendment I have
offered. There will be less room for misconcep-
t!°Mr. CLINGMAN. I offer, as an additional
section the amendment which J send to the Clerk's
table, a'nd which S ask may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows, viz:
107
JinU be it further enacted, That all that portion of territory
acquired from Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
bounded as follows: By a line commencing in the Pacific
ocean, on the parallel of 36° north latitude, three miles from
the main land, running thence due cast nil it strikes the
Sierra Nevada, thence eastwardly and northwardly with
the crest of said mountain range until it strikes the parallel
of 37° north latitude, thence due east with said parallel until
it strikes the Sir-rra Mad re, thence southerly with the cre^t
of the same until it reaches the boundaiy between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico, thence westwardly
with said boundary to the Pacific ocran, thence north-
wardly with the coast to the beginning; the whole of the
said territory to constitute the territory of Colorado; and
that the government of said territory shall in all respects be
similar to that provided for the territory of New Mexico by
the accompanyingpiovisionsof this bill.
Mr. McDONALD. I rise to a question of or-
der. I object to the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cungman,] as out of
order (under the rule.)
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the amend-
ment to be in order, on the same principle as the
amendment offered yesterday was decided to be in
order.
Mr. ALLEN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. DUER. I move that the appeal be laid on
the table.
Mr. McDONALD proposed to withdraw his
appeal.
The SPEAKER said it was too late.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER explained, that that motion was
already pending.
Tellers were ordered on taking the yeas and
nays. Messrs. Venable and Hampton" were ap-
pointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the affir-
mative—yeas 128, nays 68; as follow:
YEAS— Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, x\«he, Ash- j
muo, Averett, Baker, Bay, Baylv, Benle, Bi«Sell, Bokee, |
Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, Brooks, Albert G. !
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Chester Butler, E.
Oarringfon Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Ca«ey, Chandler, Clingmau, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock,
Corwin, Daniel, Dehefry, Dickew Dimmick, Duer, Duncan,
Dunham, 10dmuml*on, Ehot, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
Fuller, Gentry, Gerrv, Gould, Gteeu, Gnmn.ll, Hall, Ham-
ilton, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Jsham G.Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Havmond. Hibbard, Uillard, lloagland,
Hou-ton, Howard, luge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jamps L. Johnson, llobcri W.
Johnson, Jones,Kaufman, Kerr.Li Sere,Lefller,LittIefield,
Job Mann, Marsnall, Mason, Mammon, McClernand, Mc
Dowell, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean,
McMullen, McQueen, Mc Willie, Meade, Milfson, Moore,
Morehead, Mor*e, Moiton, Ojjle, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Pat ker,
Ptaslee, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Rose, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd, F.
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sw^etser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Wallace, Watkms, Wellborn. VVil-
drick. Williams, Wilson, Woodward, and Young—123
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bingham,
Booth, Brigcs, Burrows, T. B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin,
Campbell, Cartfer, Clarke, Cole, D^nev, Doty, Durkee. Na-
than Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Fott, Iialloway, Hay, Heb-
ard, Henry, Howe, Hunter, Julian. George G Kins:, James
G. King, John A. Kinn, Preston Kin«, Horace Mann, Mc-
Donald, McGaughfy, McKissock, Morris, Neleon, New oil,
Otis, Peck, Phelps, Putnam, Reynolds, Rockwell, Root,
Rumsev, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaniding, Sprague, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo,
Wentworth, White, Wilmot, and Wood—-08.
So the appeal was laid on the table, and the de-
cision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CLINGMAN said, that when he offered
the amendment, it had not been his purpose to
say anything in explanation of its provisions,
but he "found that notwithstanding it had been
published in the Globe of this morning, a number
of gentlemen seemed unacquainted with it; he
would therefore beg the indulgence of the House
while offering a few words of explanation. It
will be seen, sir, said he, that it proposes to take a
portion of that territory allotted to New Mexico
by the bill of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd]—that portion I mean lying west of the
Sierra Madre, which never at any time formed a
part of the old province of New Mexico.
It also takes the southern portion of the pro-
posed State of California, as far north as the 36th
degree on the Pacific. It was my object, sir, to
select that point on the ocean which the mountain
ridge approaches nearest to, which is somewhere
from 35° 30' to 36° 30'. The lme runs thenee
eastward with the crest of the Sierra Nevada
until it reaches the parallel of 37° north latitude;
thence eastwardly with that parallel, which is the
proposed southern boundary of Utah, fo the Sierra
Madre, and southerly with that great mountain
chain, which divides the eastern and western
waters, to the boundary of the Republic of Mex-
ico. It will thus be seen that the territory includes
nearly all of that portion of our public domain
watered by the tributaries of the Colorado and the
Gila rivers. I know little of this country, sir,
nor does any one else seem to be much better in-
formed. It has seldom been seen by white men,
and our information with reference to it is uncer-
tain and vague. I have no doubt, however, that
the people who are to inhabit it in future will find
it most convenient to be connected with the inhab*
itants on the Pacific coast, rather than with the
people of New Mexico, to the east of the great
mountain range, and that their natural outlet is in
the direction of rivers which water their territory.
But there may be objection to taking in the
southern portion on the coast, upon the ground
that it will be an interference with the proposed
State. I beg leave to remind gentlemen, however,
that the convention which met at San Francisco
has not the oldest claim to this territory. Those
who made the constitution for the State of Des-
eret, some seven months before the time of
making the California constitution, included this
territory on the Pacific within the limits of their
State. Why disregard the prior claim of Deseret
to hold this territory ? Is it not as strong as that
of those who have filled up the basin around San
Francisco? I admit that the people of southern
California do not desire to be included within the
limits of the State of Deseret; but they are equally
averse to forming a part of the State of California.
In fact their representatives in the convention pro-
tested against the formation of any State govern-
ment that was to include them. All the accounts
that I receive from there up to this time, go to show
that they are still unanimously opposed to forming a
part of that State. The reasons for their opposition
seem substantial. The northern portion of Cali-
fornia is a gold mining country. Gold is abun-
dant; and the prices are most exorbitant. Sal-
aries are enormously high, and State taxation is
most excessive. From the condition of things
there, this is inevitable; but the inhabitants of
southern California are agriculturists, and are the
owners of the principal landed estates of the coun-
try. They say that it is impossible for them to
bear this burdensome taxation with the moderate
returns which their agricultural occupations yield
them. Besides, sir, they are remote from the
centre of the State, and have no natural connec-
tion with it. It would be doing great injustice,
therefore, to these people, opposite as are their in-
terests, feelings, and habits, consisting mainly as
they do of the old Mexican population, to con-
nect them with the gold mineis of the North.
Why should we not respect their wishes? Why
riot base our action here on a just deference to the
popular will ? Why make a State so monstrously
large—so greatly exceeding any of the other
States of the Union except Texas, which, it is well
known, was admitted with its present dimensions,
solely because it was a foreign State which Con-
gress had no power to divide, but which the an-
nexation resolutions themselves provided for the
future division of? Many persons, sir, do not
properly appreciate the vast extent of California,
on account of its remotements from us. Why,
sir, it has just that amount of sea-coast which ex*
ists between Charleston, South Carolinia, and
Boston, Massachusetts.
And, sir, it is contended that its population is
just sufficient to entitle it to two members on this
floor, or just equal to that of the State of Rhode
Island. What would have been thought, sir, if
the people of that little State, landing on our.At-
lantic coast, had carved out of the public domain
a State reaching from Massachusetts to Georgia ?
Would not this have been regarded as a most im-
