1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 29,
pudentassumption.on their part? Would any one
contend thatu wet's rightto yield to such a demand?
And yet, sir, the existing case is even a worse
one, as at least not nine tenths of those at present
in California have gone theie, with the purpose of
becoming permanent citizens, but with the inten-
tion of returning to the United States after they
shall have gathered the gold they are in search of.
In fact nobody is as yet prepared to say what will
ultimately be the population of that country; nor
what will be the boundaries finally adopted for the
States that may exist there. lYIy amendment
makes no other provision than those that may be
provided for the territory of New Mexico by this
bill.
Sir, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd]
has just eulogized (he principle of non-intervention
which he says has been adopted by the Democrat-
ic party, and' ought to be embraced by the whole
country. This doctrine, sir, was the invention of
an ingenious gentleman, General Cass, who de-
sired to be supported alike by the Free-Soders of
the North* and the slaveholders of the South. It
was a convenient doctrine for this purpose, being
explained in opposite sections to suit the views of
its advocates. At the North it was claimed that
the Mexican laws prohibiting slavery in the Mex-
ican territory would still remain in force, and that
theinhabitants there, hostileas they were, supposed
to be to the institution, would likewise have the
right of excluding it by territorial legislation. At
the South the opposite opinions were maintained,
and it was asserted with great confidence that
under this principle the territory of the United
States would be open to everybody, and that the
citizen of any one of the United States might carry
there, hold, and enjoy every species of property
that existed in any of the States. 1 had to com-
bat this doctrine too often, Mr. Speaker, in the
presidential canvass of 1848, not to remember it
well. And at the previous session, on this floor, I
warned my southern friends on the other side
against trusting to any such principle. What did
we see ?
Sir, early in this session, when General Cass, in
an authoritative manner,expounded thisdoctrmeof
his own invention; and expounded it, too, just as
it was understood at the North,—do you riot re-
member, sir, how this doctrine thus explained was
repudiated on this floor by his former supporters
from the South ?
My purpose is, however, simply to put the ter-
ritory of Colorado on the same looting with that
of New Mexico. Whether I shall support the
bills thus joined will depend on the piovisions
which they may contain at the time I may be called
upon to vote, it is constantly said, nowever,
chiefly by northern men, that if this territory be
thus divided u may be the means uf creating
two free States on the Pacific instead of one.
There is not the least force in this objection. If
we admit California with her present boundaries,
we shall certainly have two or more free States
there. So extensive is the country, that as soon as
it is populated its inhabitants will demand division.
Would the people of South Carolina and Connec-
ticut Jind it convenient to form parts of the same
State ? And will n not happen on the Pacific coast
that the interest and comfoit of the people there
will require a separation? Rest assured, sii, we
shall have petitions, memorials, and remonstrances,
and but a few years would elapse before Congress
would be compelled, by their importunity and its
own sense of justice, to divide them into two or
more States. Should California be shortened, as
proposed by my amendment, it will still have a sea
coast greater than that on the Atlantic between i
North Carolina and Massachusetts.
By sustaining my amendment northern gentle-
men will not sacrifice any principle whatever,and
will attain the object of including in the State all I
those who desire to be members of it. The cte-
ation of a southern territory will give the South a
chance to occupy it. I frankly tell gentlemen
ihat, in my opinion, slavery will find inducements
sufficient to carry it there. From all the informa-
tion that I have been able to obtain by private
correspondence with persons there, from publica-
tions in the papers, and from conversations with
g nilemen lecently from that country, including
members of the Legislature of California, I be-
lieve there are sufficient inducements to invite
siave labor. Gold mines are known to exist there.
I am satisfied, also, that the Delegate from Or-
egon [Mr. ThurstonJ is right in saying that
mines of gold "and silver exist on the wafers of the
Colorado and Gila rivers, as well as in New Mex-
ico. Wherevergold mines exist, especially sur-
face, alluvial,-or .deposit mines, as contradistin-
guished from vein'mines, slave labor can be em-
ployed to the greatest advantage. I have a right
to express an opinion on this subject, because in
my own district fora great many yeais pastsome
one, two, or more thousand slaves are employed
in the gold mines. They are preferred to white
laborers generally; being constantly under the
eye of the overseer, they can be kept regularly
and steadily at work. Such is the constitution of
the negro, too, that he can remain with his -feet in
the water, and his head exposed to the hottest
sunshine, without injury to his health. The
mode of employing them in the rice-fields is well
known, and they thrive there in an occupation
which would generally be fatal to white men.
And I may add, sir, that were slaves at, this time
generally employed in the mines of California,
an increased amount of gold would be obtained
without the frightful loss of human life which is
known to have occurred. Besides, sir, m addi-
tion to the inducements which the mines afford,
southern California, to say nothing of the unex-
plored valleys of the Colorado, affords sufficient ag-
ricultural advantages to this species of labor.
From its soil and climate 1 have little doubt but
that it will produce sugar, cotton, rice, and tropi-
cal fruits, &c.
Should such be the fact, one thing will result
from it to which I would beg leave to call the at-
tention of my Whitj friends from the North. It
is well known that they opposed, with great una-
nimity, the acquisition of this territory from Mex-
ico. In fact, i may say they have generally been
opposed to all acquisitions of teiritory. They
were hostile to the acquisition of Louisiana, Flor-
ida, and Texas, as well as new Mexico and Cali-
fornia. Whether this opposition arose from a de-
sire to keep their population at home, with a view
of employing it in manufactures and commerce, or
from hostility to the extension of the bounds of
the Republic, I need not stop to inquire; but they
did resist,most strenuously, the proposition to ac-
quire the Mexican territory. On the other hand,
the Democracy at the North, who went for the ac-
quisition to sustain themselves at home against the
allegation that they were aboutf to extend and in-
crease the slave power, brought uptheWilmot
proviso, and affirmed that they would acquire the
territory and muke it fiee. In the South, on the
other hand, a different ground was taken. Many,
under the lead of a distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina, the late Mr. Calhoun, contended
that slavery should, under the constitution, go into
all of the territory that might be acquired; while
others insisted, at least, that it should be divided
between the two sections, by some equitable line,
as that of 36° 30'. Both sections of the country,
therefore, concuired in the acquisition of the terri-
tory, and our present difficulties are the result.
Now, sir, what I would particularly call the at-
tention of northern gentlemen to, is this: if it were
proposed to annex Canada, we of the South,
knowing that it must necessarily remain free ter-
ritory, would either object to its annexation, or if
we assented, must have first made o'ur minds up to
admit it as a free State, or States. J f, on the other
hand, then, a line of slave States should come jnto
existence across the continent, and a proposition
were made to annex any part of Mcxico, northern
gentlemen, seeing that it would necessanly become
slave territory, would either resist the annexation, i
or assent to it with a full understanding that it {
would become slave territory. It would thus re- :
suit, that since two thirds of the votes of the Sen- i
ators are necessary to the ratification of a treaty,
no foreign territory could be admitted without the
consent of both sections of the Confederacy. Such
a condition of things would either prevent the ac-
quisition of foreign territory entirely, or insure its
coming in upon such terms as to relieve us from
such struggles as the present. Such a state of
things, too, by making it manifest that the South
had ample power to protect lUelf, would tend to
discourage aggressive movements on the part of
the Abolitionists of the North, and would conduce,
in an eminent degree, to the permanent quiet of
the country.
It may be objected, however, that curtailing the
boundaries of California would exclude her pres-
ent members elect from being admitted to seats on
this floor. I cannot see that any such cffect would
result from my amendment. Ail that has hitherto
been done in California, because without the au-
thority of Constitution and law, is invalid, and
in fact a mere nullity, it is contended, however,
that an act of admission.of the State may have
a retrospective operation, so as to give force and
validity to the previous proceedings there. If
this be so—if we have potfer to assent to what they
have proposed as a whole, I "confess I cannot see
why we may not do it with a qualification or lim-
itation. Congress .has complete jurisdiction over
the whole of this' territory, and m&y give to the
new State of California either the territory which
she claims or a less amount. And if, on the other
hand, California be regarded as a State already ex-
isting, then she might surrender a portion of her
territory and population without affecting her
sovereignty, or changing her identity. The State
of Maine did the same thing but a few years since;
in fact, the very bill now under consideration pro-
poses that Texas should do the same thing. Will
anybody pretend that either of these States could,
by such an act, be so affected as to revolutionize
their political character, or thus render a reelecton
of their Representatives necessary ? If our act of
admission can give validity to what has formerly
been done in that State—a point on which 1 give
no opinion—then 1 do not see why it may not
qualifiedly as well as absolutely. Should the
| State of California be admitted with any bounda-
ries whatever, when her Representatives asked
admission on this floor, it would be necessary for
them to sftow that they were citizens of the State
which they claim to represent. In point of fact, I
understand that all those elected are residents of
the territory north of the line which I propose,
and therefore no question of this sort could arise.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, detained the House
longer than I intended when 1 rose, my purpose
being to explain the effect of my amendment,
rather than to make an argument m its support.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am requested by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mi-.Meade,] to give way
for a modification to my amendment. I will hear
it read, so as to see whether I have any objection
to it.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the gentleman, Mr.
Speaker, to accept a modification of his amend-
ment, to come in as a separate clause of the bill.
I offer it, sir, for the purpose of carrying out the
principle of non-intervention.
Mr. ROOT rose to a question of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN, with some remark not dis-
tinctly heard, resumed his seat.
Mr. ASHMUN addressed the Speaker, and was
recognized.
1 have not risen (said he) for the purpose of ta-
king any part in the debate on this bill, or to move
any amendment
Mr. McLANE called the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Clingman.) Does
the Chair understand the gentleman from North
Carolina to have yielded the floor?
Mr. CLINGMAN. My purpose was to hear
the amendment read. I understand it was ob-
jected to. I do not design to speak further.
Mr. McLANE submitted that the gentleman
from North Carolina had sat down to hear the
amendment read, and that the gentleman from
Massachusetts could not take the floor.
The SPEAKElt. The Chair put the question
distinctly to the ge'ntleman from North Carolina,
and understood Htm to say that he had yielded the
floor.
Mr. McLANE. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. ASHMUN, (resuming the floor.) I had
begun to say,*Mr. Speaker, that the House need
have no apprehensions of my having risen to make
a speech. I believe that the two branches of Con-
gress and the country have heard enough speeches
upon all these questions in times past. There are
now two amendments to the bill pending; until
those amendments are disposed of, of course none
other can be offered. I believe it is the policy of
the House to proceed to dispose of these amend-
ments by a vote. [Cries of " Agreed."] I be-
lieve it is their policy to proceed to a vote at once,
not merely upon the amendments but upon the
merits of the bill itself. I wish to say, before the
motion which I am about to make, that I intend
to vote against both of these amendments. But I
