604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
, Mr. BENTON, f pronounce it cowardly to
give insults where they cannot be chastised. Can
I take a cudgel to him here? 
Several Senators. Order, order.
Mr. FOOT15. I have done with the subject here.
Mr. BENTON. Is a Senator to be black-
guarded here in the discharge of his duty, and
the culprit go unpunished ? Is language to be
used here which would not be permitted to be
used in the lowest pot-house, tavern, or oyster
cellar, and for the use of which he -would be
turned out of any tavern by a decent landlord?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
called to order.
Mr. BENTON. If such things are to go on,
and he is to persist in such blackguardism here,
in a place where the cudgel cannot be applied to
him, we must have the public indignation brought
upon him, until the public sentiment shall make
him behave with the propriety due to the Senate.
Several Senators. Order, order.
Mr. FOOTE. Let him go on.
Mr. WALKER. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
called to order.
Mr. BENTON. Well, sir, write down the
words. { know the rules of the Senate, sir; when
a Senator is called to order, he takes his seat, and
the words are reduced to writing.
Mr. WALKER. I called nobody to order ex-
cept the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote.]
Mr. DICKINSON. In oider to give an oppor-
tunity for this matter to take a proper direction, I
suggest that we now proceed to the consideration
of the order of the day. I will not make the mo-
tion, hut the floor is due to the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Chase,] who is now ready to speak.
Mr, WALKER. I wish to be understood
upon this matter. I did not call the Senator from
Missouri to order.
Mr. FOOTE. I did not understand the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin as calling the Senator from
Missouri to order. I understood him as interpo-
sing between the Senator and myself, and as en-
deavoring to prevent me from interrupting the
course of his remarks. Now, Mr. President,
may I be permitted to make a single remark?
Several Senators. No, no.
Other Senators. Proceed, proceed.
Mr. FQOTE. I will not indulge in any per-
sonalities; I wish merely to say that I did not use
the first, personalities—I certainly did not use
the grossest. All I have said, I am willing to
stand by. If the door is not thrown open to me,
I cannot proceed further; but if it is opened, I
shall proceed with eagerness and promptitude.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This debate has proceeded
for some time, and a1? I know that several gentle-
men are desirous of speaking on this subject, I
would suggest that it be postponed to some future
day, when we may proceed to the consideration
of these two hills. I would suggest that it be
postponed till Monday week.
Mr. FOOTE. I would say to the honorable
Senator from Illinois, that, as he has suggested
this as his own wish, I am willing that it shall be
postponed till Monday week.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was going to remark, that
I desire, and I presume the whole Senate desire,
that these two bills be acted upon at the earliest
practicable day. I would suggest, therefore, the
propriety of fixing Monday week as the day for
their consideration and discussion.
Mr. FOOTE. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will not withdraw the motion.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from New York
objects, I will not withdraw it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely suggest that, for
the purpose of taking up the census bill, which
has been postponed on various occasions, arid dis-
cussing it, we postpone this subject.
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from New York
made a motion, or intimated hts wish to make one,
that this subject lie on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He made a motion,
which was not understood by the Chair. !
Mr. BENTON. He made a motion, or inti- ■
mated it, that for the present the subject lie on the !.
table. 1 wish it may he on the table, and that it jj
may be taken up at a proper time. l!
The question to lay the motion upon the (able ji
was then taken and agreed to. ^
THE CENSUS BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
in order in the special orders, is the bill in relation
to the census.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I move that the
Senate postpone the further consideration of this
bill until Friday next, that the Senate may pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, on
which the Senator from Ohio has the'floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 have ®nly
to express a hope that that motion will not be
adopted. There is no particular need for these
speeches. We have been engaged in making
speeches for four months, and I think we ought
now to proceed with urgent business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone.
Mr. DAWSON. The report of the census board
has been printed, and is now upon the table of
every Senator. We are well prepared to take up
the bill, unless the Senator from New Hampshire
has some very particular objection.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is generally understood
that the Senator from Ohio had the floor for to-day,
on the resolutions proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky. He gave way on a former
occasion, and I think the Senate will be courteous
enough to hear him now.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of the census
bill until Friday next; and, a division being called
for, there were—yeas 17, nays 16.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
THE COMPROMISE.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the series of resolutions submitted by Mr. Clay.
Mr. CHASE addressed the Senate for upward
of two hours, and, without concluding, gave way
for a motion to adjourn. [His speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES^
Wednesday, March 27, 1850.
Mr. Speaker COBB called the House to order
at 12 o'clock.
Prayer was made by the Rev. Mr. Gurley.
The SPEAKER then vacated the chair, calling
thereto
Mr. Winthrop, of Massachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and ap-
proved.
THE CHARGE AGAINST THE SPEAKER.
Mr. HOLMES, chairman of the select commit-
ter, appointed yesterday to investigate the charge
made against the Speaker of the House, rose, and
in behalf of the said committee, asked leave to sit
during the session of the House.
Unanimous consent was given to the said com-
mittee to sit during the session of the House.
DISTRICT COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
IN ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. MORTON asked the unanimous consentof
the House to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
the regular order of business.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency ot establishing a district court ot the
Uiutrd Status in the town of Alexandna, in the eastern
di«t iot of Virginia, and requiring the present judge of the
said district to hold the same.
Mr. THOMPSON repeated his call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER inquired of the gentleman
whether he intended to object to the introduction
of the resolution ?
Mr. THOMPSON not objecting,
The resolution was received and adopted. '
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 35; noes not counted.
uS«£e,House refused t0 S° int0 Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WOOD asked the unanimous consent of
House to introduce, at this time, certain joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of Ohio, on the subject
of the public lands.
Mr. W. explained his object to be, that the res-
olutions should be laid upon the table, and be or*
dered to be printed.
Objection having been made, the resolutions
were not received.
woodworth's patent.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished bus-
iness of the morning hour to be, the motion here-
tofore made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Conger,] to reconsider the vote by which
the bill, reported on a former day, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, ft) extend the patent heretofore
granted to William Wood worth, had been referred
to the Committee of the Whole House.
[Mr. Conger had heretofore intimated his
intention, if the vote should be reconsidered, to
move the recommitment of the bill, with the fol-
lowing instructions:
" With instructions to inquire into the propriety of repeal-
ing an act, entitled, ' An act to extend a patent heretofore
granted to William Woodworth,'passed Fcbruaiy26,1845,
being an act for a second renewal of a patent, for alleged
improvements in the method of planing, tongueiug, groov-
ing, and cutting into moulding, on either plank, hoard*, or
any other material, and for reducing the same to an equal
width and thickness; and that said committee report by hill
or otherwise."]
Mr. OTIS, who held the floor from a former
day, resumed and concluded his remarks as fol-
lows:
Mr. Speaker: This proposition hasbeen before
the House for several weeks, and 1 beg to restate it.
The gentleman from New York moves to recom-
mit the bill for the extension of Woodworth's
patent for a planing machine, with instructions to
the Committee on Patents to inquire into the ex-
pediency of repealing the former act of extension.
The instructions are for inquiry, and can do bo
harm, if they do no good, fey having the bill re-
committed, with the instructions relating to the
repeal, it will bring the whole matter at the same
time for consideration, with all the additional
light which has been shed upon this subject since
this bill was reported. The majority of the com-
mittee were disposed to report the bill, asked for
by the memorialist, early in the session, that the
subject could be brought before the House for con-
sideration; but it was understood by a part of the
committee, who agreed to the majority report, that
it was only for that purpose, and that they should
not feel pledged to the support of the bill. From
this report, I dissented, and then gave notice of my
intention of making a minority report, which was
submitted when the bill was first reported. I now
beg leave to refer to that report as imbodying, in
a more concise form, my reasons for opposing this
bill, than I could give in these remarks.
The bill is as follows:
A BILL to extend a Patent heretofore granted to William
Woodworth.
Be U enacted by the Senate and Howe of Representatives of
the United Stulei of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
! the patent etanu-d to Wiliiaiu Woodvvorth, on the 27th day
! of December, 1828, for his improvement in the method of
tmigueing, and grooving, and planing, and cutting mould-
ings, &.C., &< ., reis-ued July 8th, 1845, be, and the same is,
hereby extended for the further term of fourteen jears;
and the Commissioner ot Patents is hereby directed to make
a oertificatp of such extension, in the name of the adminis-
trator of the said William Woodworth, arid to append an
authenticated copy thereof to thesaid reissued lett< rs patent,
l whenever the same shall be requested by the taid adminis-
j trator, or his assigns: Provided, that all licenses, paying for
I the ur-e of machines under said patent, may continue rhe
I use of their machine, or machines, for the term hereby
! extended, at a price «ot exceeding that they may be paym"
i at, and previous to, the time thi« extension shall take effect;
I and all assignees of exclusive rights, having machines m
, u>e when this act shall take eftect, shall have the right to
! continue the use of their machines, upon the same rms
and price ;.s is now established and paid by hcensog for the
! u^e ot' said machines.
| "Report of the minority of the Committee on Patents,
upon the memorial of William W. Woodworth) ad-
ministrator of William Woodworth.
" The undersigned, dissenting from the report
of the majority of the Committee on Patents,
granting a bill for the further extension of Wood-
worth's patent for a planing machine, asks leave
to submit hts reasons for mat dissent to the con-
sideration of the House.
" The first objection to the report and bill is,
that the bill is in conflict with the general patent,
law, and in violation of the policy of the Govern-
ment under the provision of the Constitution ' se-
curing, for limited times' 4 to inventors,'their re-
spective discoveries.
" The limit is well known to have been early
established by law at fourteen years. The eight-
eenth section of the law of 1836 constitutes the
