1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60S
Secretary of State, the Commissioner of Patents,
and the Solicitor of the Treasury, a board of ex-
aminers, with power to extend a patent, in the
cases described, for the term of seven years, after
the expiration of the original term of the patent.
To entitle a patentee to this extended time, he
must show that, without any fault of his, he has
not received ' a reasonable remuneration for the
*time, ingenuity, and expense, bestowed upon the
* same, and the introduction thereof into use.'
The last section of the general patent law repeals
all prior acts relating to the subject of patents.
Among the repealed acts was one directing the
proceedings before applying to Congress for the
renewal of a patent. The repealed law contained
provisions similar to those contained in the eight-
eenth section of the general law; and the evident
intention was, to substitute the renewal there-
in provided for the renewal by Congress. This
additional term was not a change of policy; it was
only a change of the tribunal to which application
should be made for relief, in cases of great merit
and misfortune. Without questioning the pro-
priety, in extraordinary cases, of interposing the
power of Congress to grant relief, it is believed
that its exercise should be confined to cases of
peculiar hardship, in which no doubts could exist
of the justice and expediency of the interposition;
and then it should be governed in its action by
the rules and policy pointed out by the general
patent law.
44 In the case under consideration, the original
letters patent were issued to William Woodworth
on the 27th of December, 1828, under the old law,
for the teim of fourteen years. He died in 1839,
having, before that time, parted with most of his
interest in the patent. In 1842, the memorialist,
William W. Woodworth, as administrator of his
father, applied under the new law fov a renewal,
and received the benefit of the extended term of
seven years, making twenty-one years of enjoy-
ment of the exclusive rights to the invention by
the patentee and his heirs. This term of twenty-
one years, being more than equal to the length of
time of the average business life of one generation,
is believed to be amply sufficient to reward the in-
genuity of inventors of valuable improvements,
and for imposing lestrictions upon the free use of
them by the community.
" In 1845, William W. Woodworth, the memo-
rialist, applied to Congress for a special act for the
extension of the patent of 1828, for a further
term, to commence when the renewed patent ex-
pired. The reasons stated in the memorial for
asking relief were, that the inventor was obliged
to sell one half of his patent, to enable him to
bring it into practical operation; that the patent of
Emmons had materially interfered with this inven-
tion; that various journeys were made to procure
testimony to obtain a renewal before the board of
examiners; that the patent having mostly been
disposed of during the lifetime of the patentee, as
a measure of precaution, he purchased up, before
renewal, the rights of the assignees; that the
Commissioner of Patents had at first refused to
receive and act upon his memorial, because of thf
decease of the patentee; and that, to give him full
enjoyment of his rights, he was obKged to oppose
the renewal of the Emmons5 patent. These rea-,
sons were deemed by Congress of sufficient conse-
quence to jastify the second renewal of the patent
for seven years, the term to commence from and
after the expiration of the renewed term, which
then had about five years to run. When this
term expires, which will be m seven years from
December last, the patentee and his heirs will have
enjoyed, under the patent law, and from the
bounty of Congress, the full term of twenty-eight
years, which is double the term given by the patent
law in ordinary cases, and seven years more than
is provided for in the excepted and most merito-
rious cases.
" The same memorialist, William W. Wood-
worth, nowappeals, notto your bounty, but, as he
says, to your justice, to pass a bill to extend the
same patent for a further term of fourteen years,
to commence at the expiration of the renewed pa-
tent; and the reasons given in his memorial are:
" <1st. Because of the immense service rendered
<to the country, by the labor, skill, and expenditure
' of the inventoi.
<4<2d. Because, from causes utterly beyond his
4 control, or that of his repiesentatives, neither he
* nor they have ever received any compensation
4 adequate Co the value of the invention, which was
• produced by his genius.'
44 The bill reported by the committee is in accord-
ance with the prayer of the memorial, and exactly
as presented to the committee by the memorialist.
This bill provides for the extension of the patent
for the term of fourteen years, after the expira-
tion of the renewed term of seven ,years, which
has just commenced. If this bill is passed into a
law, it will give to the patentee and his heirs a term
of forty-two years.
41 It is stated in the memoiinl, that the Congres-
sional grant was sold for $50,000, in notes, payable
on time, which were sold for cash at a sacrifice.
There is no other account of the sums received for
the patent except by reference to the former state-
ment, accompanying the fiist application to Con-
gress ; nor is there any statement of the large sums
received for sales of rights, and for leases by the
assignees of the patent, nor for the large sums
being paid by lessees from every section of the
countiy. What sum would be considered 4 ade-
quate to the value of the invention'is not stated.
It is also stated in the memorial, that there has
been much litigation to settle the law and the
rights claimed, under the different forms, and in
the different stages of this patent; and the depo-
sition of Mr. James G. Wilson, of Philadelphia,
is introduced to show the expenses incurred in this
litigation. He estimates the sums expended by
Woodworth and his assignees, for 4 counsel fees
and cost of court/ at $150,000; and the amount
yet to be expended, if the litigation is continued,
at $100,000 more.
" This statement wilt be understood and appre-
ciated by practising lawyers, but ought not to
appeal with much force to the sympathies of prac-
tical legislators. The amount of litigation un-
der this patent is not a just criterion by which to
estimate the value of the invention, or to show the
state of feeling toward the patent, during its legiti-
mate term, under the general patent law. This
litigation may have arisen from the manner in
which the last patentee and his assignees have ex-
ercised their rights, or from their attempting to
giasp too much, or from delects in the proceed-
ings in obtaining the first patent, or of continuing
it in force. To one or the other of these causes,
it is believed, much of the litigation may be traced.
" The first patent was found to have been too
broad m its claim, and in 1843, the memorialist
disclaimed the part relating to the reducing of
floor boards to a width with circular saws, in
July, 1845, the memorialist surrendered up the
original patent of 1828, and took out a new and
amended patent, covering, as he alleges, what was
the real invention of the patentee, who died about
six years before. The surrender of the original
patent, and taking out of the new and amended
patent, was about four months after the passage of
the act of Congress extending the patent of 1828.
In the bill, as reported by the committee, the
patent of 1828, as amended in July, 1845, is ex-
tended fourteen years ftoin and after the expira-
tion of the term of seven years, and thus made to
cover any defects in the proceeding or additional
claims which the new patent may contain. If
this was intended to patch up a defect in the
amended patent, or to enlarge the rights of those
interested, it is confidently believed that Congress
will not lend its aid to any such proceeding. Tins
might he a very convenient and summary way of
putting an end to litigation. It is stated in the
memorial, that within a few weeks 4 a jury in
* Baltimore has deliberately rendered a verdict that j
4 the amended patent differed from the one originally
'granted.' Now, if a Baltimore jury—and it may
he presumed to be an intelligent jury—has so pro-
nounced, will Congress interpose between the par-
ties? Special legislation, for individual interests,
when ti e general mteiestis protected by ageneial
law', is always to be avoided; hut when special
legislation is brought to aid one man, which, under
similar circumstances, is not open to all, an injury
is commuted upon the community, which is felt
by every individual as an injustice to himself. It
is certainly a circumstance that cannot have es-
caped observation, that the parties m interest have
pressed this matter at a very e^riy day, and when
the new grant had scaicely begun to run.
"Theie aie other interests beside those of the
memorialist, which are entitled to a respectful con-
sideration. There have been many improvements
in the planing machine since the iirst patent was
issued, for which letters patent have been granted.
Whether these patents are an infringement upon
the just rights of the memorialist, it is not, perhaps,
the province of Congress to determine. The issu-
ing oC-the patent is presumptive proof of the ori-
ginality of the improvements. The claim in the
first patent is, for 4 the application of cutter or pla*
4 ning wheels to planing boards, &c., and the im~
4 proved method of cutters for grooving and tongue-
' ing, anu cutting mouldings on wood,7 &c. As the
claim is for the application of well-known instru-
ments, other persons might foim new and improved
combinations, giving greater efficiency to the ma-
chine. There are few machines which have re-
mained stationary during the last twenty years. •
The machinery for cotton factories becomes obsa-
lete every ten years, and must be renewed by im-
proved machinery, even when the old machinery is
not much worn, because of the advance of im-
provements in a branch of mechanics where im-
provement was long since considered as having
gone as far as genius, combined with capital, could
carry it. Similar illustrations can be drawn from
almost every invention of importance during the
present century. If, therefore, you give to one
man and his posterity the monopoly of an inven-
tion for nearly half a century, you put a sto|) for
that time to its improvement, by withholding all
inducement to intelligent experiments; and instead
of an encouragement to arts and to invention, your
laws would be calculated to retard improvement,
and to oppress the community with useless and
odious exactions. Either the general patent law,
and the policy on which it is founded, is wrong,
which limits the exclusive enjoyment of an inven-
tion, or the practice of granting special acts of
Congress for extensions of patents is wrong. A
special act of extension, unless as an exception for
some extraordinary occasion, is a violation of the
general law, and serves to weaken its force, and
bring even legitimate parents, granted under the
law, into disrepute.
" But if the allegations made before the com-
mittee be true, that the amended patent covers all
the improvements made in the planing machine
for the last twenty years, by passing this bill you
would commit a double injury—one upon the
inventors, and another upon the community. In
a printed argument lately submitted to the Supreme
Couit, involving the question of the claimed rights
under this patent, u is said,'that any machine
4 which combines the operation of planing with
4 tongueing and grooving, by combination of cutting
_4 instruments with pressure, and in combination
* with pressure for controlling- the plank, is an
4 infringement of Woodworth's patent.* This
broad claim, if sustained, would exclude all ma-
chinery for planing, except perhaps the old hand
plane, however superior that machinery might
be, and however it might differ from it m all its
combinations—for no machine can operate unless
with cutting instruments, combined with pressure,
and some mode of pressing the board or plank, to
keep it m place. The claim, in the first patent,
was for the application of well-known instruments,
to produce a given result. Planing by machinery,
to a limited extent, had long before been practiced.
The claim nosv is for what is called the principle
combined with its application, and is said to ex-
clude every form of machintiy which can pro-
duce the-same result. It, now, by your action,
you confirm this pretention, you put a stop to all
the machines which have been patented for the
same object—one of which is said to differ in
almost every paiticular trom this machine, and
does double the work m the same time; and you
put a stop to all improvement for the next twenty
yeais to come. 1 would be a monopoly, far
greater than was ever before granted in this coun-
try to any one man, or combination of men. The
greater portion of all planing is now done by
machinery—sashes, blinds, door-pannels, are
made by machinery, with cutting instruments
combined with pressuie, and reducing them to
form, by planing. Nearly all the boards and
timber shipped to California, are planed before
their shipment. Confirm this pretension, by pass-
in* this bill, and you bring all this business within
the grasp, and place all the improvements of
others at the mercy, of these monopolists, for the
next twenty years.
"The memorial instances, as a precedent to
govern your action, the renewal of Blanchard's
patent for irregular forms. There is no objection
