606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
to follow a precedent, when it is a good one; and
the circumstances of the cases are similar, though
it stands alone among the acts of Congress; but
here the memorialist has cited a precedent be-
lieved to be bad in itself, and differing in many of
its features from his own case. Without intend-
ing to reflect upon former acts of Congress, it may
be remarked, that the precedent set of legislating,
as in this patent, five years in advance of the ex-
piration of the renewed term, and the unprece-
dented extension of Blanchard's patent, are both
acts of legislation not to be held up for imitation,
but to_ be avoided. Fortunately, they are cases
that have no precedent on which to found them;
and should this bill be passed into a law, it could
only be paralleled by the monopolies in the worst
days of British rule, when court favorites were
pampered in wealth by grants of monopolies, till
they became too odious and oppressive to be borne
by the submissive tools of power."
M r. 0. continued: Had the true character and
purpose of this bill been understood by all of the
committee, I am persuaded it could not have been
reported. If 1 am right in this, it is a good reason
for its recommitment for revision and reconsidera-
tion.
The instructions are not believed to be necessary
for the guidance of the committee, for there has
been no indisposition 011 the part of any one, to
take up the petitions and memoiials upon the
question of repealing the law of 3845. That sub-
ject was postponed, at my suggestion, to allow all
the petitions arid memorials to come in, after suffi-
cient notice was given to the public that the sub-
ject of this patent was under consideration by
Congress. My first object was to postpone the
report upon the bill; but as the memorialist and
his friends were so very urgent, the majority con-
sented to make the report. There would" be a
manifest incongruity in leaving this bill before the
House, while the committee, which reported it,
had under their consideration the repeal of the
very act which this bill proposes to extend.
There is, therefore, good reason for the niolion
under consideration, for facilitating the considera-
tion of the subject, and placing it in its proper
order. If gentlemen, favoring this bill, think to
avoid investigation, by hastening its passage, 1
beg to undeceive them. The public feeling has
been aroused upon this matter; investigation has
been asked; and an investigation will be made,
either in this or in some other form.
Sir, although this is a puvate bill, it relates to a
matter which, in its importance, has assumed a
public character. Tue Legislature of New York,
with uncomivnn unanimity, has asked for an in-
vestigation of the circumstances of the former
extension of this patent, and the proceedings under
it, with a view to a repeal of the act of exten-
sion. A large and highly respectable meeting of
mechanics and others, assembled from several
Stales, have passed resolutions, which have been
read, and sent in a memorial, which is printed and
placed m the hands of all the members of this
House. There are thousands of petitioners, whose
memorials have been referred to the Committee
on Patents iince the repoi t of this bill, and other
thousands are in the hands of members waiting
your action, all asking for this investigation.
They all, m more or less direct terms, charge that
the former act of extension was carried through
Congress by fraud and misrepresentation. You
owe it to the State, whose Legislature has asked
this investigation. You owe it to the thousands
of mechanics and otheis, who have sent in their
petitions, and made the same request, and repeated
this charge. You owe it to yourselves, and to the
country, that you should grant this investigation
in the fullest manner. This should not be a seem-
ing acquiescence, while the substance is withheld.
It would be but mockery, to say to the committee
that they might make the investigation for a repeal
of the act, while the bill fonts extension was pass-
ing through its various stages in the House.
It has been said that this is not the proper place,
in the proceedings, to enter upon the discussion of
the merits of the reported bill. While granting j
this to a certain extent, it is due to the House to
state some of the facts connected with this matter, j
for a proper understanding and appreciation of |
the pxtiaoidinary proceedings of those seeking the !
passage of this bill. j
The first thing peculiar, that must strike every I
one,.is,the anxiety of those interested, to urge this |
bill through Congress, when the act of extension
of 1845 only commenced running in December
last, and it had seven years from that time to run.
There is no good reason given in the memorial for
this haste; but it is incidentally stated, that a Balti-
more jury deliberately gave a verdict in November
last, declaring that the amended patent issued in
1845, upon the surrender of the original patent of
1828, was not for the same invention. From this an
appeal is understood to have been taken, and the
case is still pending in court upon the questiifh of
law. The very statement of this matter should
put you upon inquiry; and 1 propose to give you
a sketch of the proceedings under this Woodworth
patent, that you may more readily appreciate, and
more fully understand, what the persons pressing
the passage of this bill are solicitous of obtaining.
By the 13th section of. the general patent law,
to which I would refer, it will be seen that a pa-
tentee, or his assignee, or administrator, may sur-
render up a patent whenever it " shall be inopeia-
' tive or invalid, by reason of a defective or lnsuffi-
' cient description or specification," and the error
arises from inadvertence or mistake, and a new pa-
tent be granted " for the same invention." It has
been decided, that the action of the commissioner
is final, except when collusion is shown, or it is
manifest that the new patent was not "for the
same invention" as the one surrendered. It will
be seen that on the surrender, the original patent is
declared to be " invalid or inoperative." The
surrender of this patent was after the passage of
the act of extension of 1845. The father and son
had enjoyed the exclusive use of the original patent
for seventeen years, and had received large sums
for the sale of rights and for leases. If the records
of the Patent-Office can be relied upon, or the rep-
resentations publicly made, no patent was ever
more profitable than this was, even in the seventeen
years under the original patent, which, after having
been enjoyed three years longer than the general
patent law secures, was surrendered up its " inop-
erative or invalid." The law did not intend to
enlarge the claim—it was intended only to allow
the proper language to Oe used in reaching the
claim, and to provide against its invalidity when
claiming too much. In 1843, the part of the claim
to originality, relating to reducing plank to a width,
was disclaimed; and in July, 1845, the whole was
surrendered, and a new patent taken out, for what
a Baltimore jury has declared to be for a different
invention, i will refer here to the argument of a
case (Wilson vs. Barnum) under this amended
paten 1 in the United States court, made since this
matter has been before us. The argument was of-
fered by a distinguished Senator: '• It is respect-
' fully submitted, that any machine, which com-
' bines the operation of planing with tonguemgand
' grooving, by the combination of cutting instru-
' ments with pressure," " in combination with
'^pressure for controlling the plank, is an mfringe-
' nient of the Woodworth patent, for he was the
' fiist who successfully combined these mechanical
' operations."
Again, near the close of the argument: " A cut-
' ting instrument is combined with pressure to
' plane, tongue, and groove aboard. Woodworth
' invented no more and 110 less." These are ex-
plained in another part, to mean that he invented
the principle of planing by machinery, with ita ap-
plication; and any machine combining a cutting
instrument with pressure, is a violation of the
Woodworth patent. Whether the description and
claim in the reissued patent will warrant this ex-
traordinaiy claim, is not decided, as the ease was
dismissed upon another point. The parties in in-
terest have acted upon this principle, and prosecu-
tions are understood to have been commenced in
nearly every State m the Union, for violations of
this patent, against persons having machines dif-
fering from this machine, as originally patented.
Notices have been served upon those having ma-
chines, for making sashes and for making blinds,
and they are made to come within the principle of
this truly extraoidinary claim. It is made a sweep-
stakes a drag net—into which all machines, com-
bining " cutting edges with pressure," are brought
and made to pay tribute; and this monopoly, alter
having been enjoyed in one form for twenty-one
years, is proposed by this bill to be extended, with
the former extension, twenty-one years longer
with all its additional claims. '
By referring to the original patent, it will be
seen that alt that is claimed aa his invention, by
the elder Woodworth, is the application of well-
known instruments to plane by machinery. In
this country, and in Europe, more than twenty
machines had been patented for the same purpose,
before this patent. Since then, more than twenty
other patents have been issued from the Patent
Office for planing machines. There have been
four or five within the last year. Some of them
are said to do three limes as much work in the
same time as this machine, and differ from it in
every other particular, except in " tiding cutting
instruments combined with pressure," which it is
" respectfully submitted" must always be used in
planing a board.
I will now call attention to the effect of your
proceedings, if you pass this bill as reported.
Woodworth, theelder, makes an invention—meri-
torious it may be—secures a patent, seils it out,
and dies. His son and administrator has it re-
newed, under the patent law,for seven years; and
again has it renewed by Congress, four years be-
fore the expiration of the first seven, for seven
years longer. Six years after the death of the
original inventor, he surrenders up his patent as
invalid, and takes out a new patent, which is also
declared, by a jury, to be invalid for claiming
what was not claimed under the first patent. The
disappointed litirant comes here, and asks you to
pass a law for his special benefit, by which he is
to obtain a legislative sanction to his unjust claim.
He is not the inventor—his father is not the in-
ventor. Congress alone gives him a 'itle to what
he was not entitled to without congressional in-
terposition. Armed with this, he goes into court
and defeats his opponent. Armed with this, hav-
ing his principle and application sanctioned by a
law of Congress, he suppresses all other machines,
puts his own price for the use of his machines,
and thus secures, for twenty-one years,a monopoly
worth millions to the possessor. The person who
invented this new machinery for cheating his
neighbor in legislature, and for deciding law suits,
deserves a patent for his ingenuity in management,
if he does not deserve one in mechanics.
If it be shown, as it is alleged, that there was
no great merit in the original invention—if large
sums were realized for sales by the father under
the first patent, and larger for the renewed patent
by the son—if it be shown, as alleged, that the
act of extension was obtained by fraud and mis-
representation, and that those who have held
under this patent have pursued their course in the
worst spirit of injustice and oppression, some re-
dress should be granted. The power to do further
mischief should be taken away, instead of lending
aid to stiil greater injustice and oppression.
It is said by the gentleman from Vermont, that
there are vested rights under the act of extension
of 1845, and Congress cannot, in justice to others,
repeal that act If Congress cannot repeal the act,
it is in the power of Congress to confine its opera-
tion to the original claim in the first patent. That
patent has been declared by this memorialist to be
invalid and inoperative, and a jury has declared
the renewed patent to be invalid, and in'this dilem-
ma your aid is invoked—for what ? To give this
man the vested rights of all other patent planing
machines. You are asked to place in these parties'
hands a more sure instrument of oppression than
the one that has failed them. Will you do it?
Will you do it blindly, without inquiry, and in the
face of the various charges made and reiterated
against those who have been interested in the fruits
of this monopoly and alleged fraud ?
Sir, this subject is one in which the country is
strongly interested, and to the proceedings con-
nected with it there are thousands looking with
great anxiety. They believe a great injustice has
been perpetrated, and that a greater is attempted.
Your decision upon this question will give them
assurance that Congress will right the wrong, if
wrong in this matter be shown to exist. °
There is 110 indisposition in the people of this
country to reward meritorious inventois; and just
111 proportion as they are willing to reward merit,
in the same measure do they condemn those whose
pretensions are not well founded. They know
that the selfish, the crafty, and the powerful, have
too often seized the just rewards belonging to those
who have spent their lives in meritorious exertions,
and died unrewarded. If those are light who
charge fraud in this matter, there never was a more
flagrant case, for there never was a case where the
pretensions havabeen put forward with more assu-
