I?O0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Aug. 29,
Mr. McCLERNAND renewed it.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] understand the Chair
to state.that the bill was open to amendment at
this time ?
Mr. BURT. Not at all.
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded the previous
question on the motion to commit.
Mr. ROOT called for tellers, (who were or-
dered,) and Messrs. Freedley and Boyd were
appointed.
The question was taken,and the rote stood,
ayes 58—noes not counted.
So there was not a second to the demand for the
previous question.
The question recurring on the motion to com-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state' of the UnionT-r-
Mr ROOT moved to amend it by adding the
following instructions:
" With instructions so to amend the hill tn exclude
slavery from all the territory acquired fmni Mexico by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo lying; eastward of California."
The instructions having been read—
Mr. ROOT said: X do not rise to make a
speech 
Mr. MEADE (interposing) said: I rise to a
question of order. The bill proposed to be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of" the Union, is a bill relating to the Texan bound-
ary. The Texan boundary has no reference to
the Territories, and, therefore, the instructions
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] pro-
poses to introduce are inappropriate.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the instructions are in order. The motion is to
refer the bill and amendments to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. As the
Chair has already ruled that this question brought
before the House the question of the Territories
acquired, thfe Chair now rules this amendment to
be in order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Root] to yield the floor for amoment.
Mr. ROOT. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
MoCi.ernand] moved the previous question. He
will, therefore, excuse me if 1 decline to yield.
Mr. R. said he was in fnvor of a plain,
downright course. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Boyd,] when he offered his amend-,
went, said he desired a plain, downright course.
Ho did he. This amendment to the bill was so
constructed as to show whether the members who
committed themselves on this question in January
last retained the same position now—and to let
the country know who were against the proviso
and who were in favor of it. We have the bills
relative to this new Territory now before us, and
by this amendment the question is plainly pre-
sented. There can be no more chance of dodg-
ing. He did not present his amendment in the
expectation that the House was going to support
it. But he offered it to the House as a test, in
order that the country may see who is for the ex-
clusion of slavery and who is against it. If he
was not greatly mistaken, this proposition would
smoke out the doughfaces.
Mr. McCLERNAND, after explaining that his
motion for the previous question was to brin<*
the House to a vote upon the bill from the Senate"
and the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] and that it was not his
design, unless circumstances should change, to
vote lor the reference of these subjects to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, but to exclude by that mo-
tion, in the contingency of the failure of the pre-
vious question, the introduction of distracting and
mischievous amendments, if any such should be
contemplated—proceeded to say:
* ^ua.cc.ort^ 10 -^e gentlemen who have participated
in this important and interesting debate, the tribute
of my admiration for the learning, research, and
eloquence they have displayed in its progress.
Pernaps no question ever underwent a more thor-
ough and able discussion than the subject of sla-
ve, y, in all Its aspects, has received by the Ameri-
can Congress during; the present session. Nothing
has been left unsaid; the subject, prolific as it
is, has been explored to its utmost limits; everv
argument and probably every thought of which
n is susceptible has been gleaned and garnered.
It is now confessedly exhausted. We have now
been in session some nine months, and the time
for action has arrived, and shall we not act? For
one, sir, I am for a decision—a final decision
of the several questions before us. If California
is to be admitted—if legal protection is to be af-
forded to the Territories, let it be known; if the dis-
puted boundary ofTexas is to be settled, let that,
too, be known. If, on the contrary, all' these
exigent measures are to fail, and the question of
slavery in its application to the Territories is to be
left open for further agitation and aggravation, let
that, too, be known. Let us at least know where
we stand. We owe it to the people to disclose to
their view the real position of affairs—to forearm
them by forewarning them of the impending dan-
ger. This, sir, is my view, and this will be my
course. After the ship of state has been so long
tossed and torn by angry and tempestuous pas-
sions, it is now high time, as faithful Representa-
tives, that we had reckoned her bearings and
determined her true position.
We are placed, sir, in a novel and most trying
position—in a position which appeals to us for the
exercise of the highest patriotism. The title to
our Territories, the peace of the country, yea, the
very existence of the Government itself, one and
all, are in no small decree dependent upon our
action. Under these circumstances, I submit the
question, whether, in the event of our failure to
meet the demands of the country to perform the
duties devolved upon us, we should not resign our
places, and thus afford the people the earliest op-
portunity to solectother Representatives,who may
be better qualified to perform the public business?
Such acomse would be according to the theory
and principles of popular government, and would
amount practically to a reference of the questions
which had baffled our efforts fo the Judgment and
decision of the people themselves. Such a course
would be equally disinterested and exemplary on
our part; and I submit again, whether, in the last
resort, it is not worthy of adoption ? Let mem-
bers and the country ponder the question.
• In the progress of this general subject, extremes
have met. For proof of this I need only refer to
the example of tUe gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Root.] He avows his object in moving the Wil-
mot proviso to be (in his own peculiar language)
"to smoke out the doughfaces on both sides of
the line." In other words, to force a geographical
division of parties, and to hinge everything upon
the proviso. And for what purpose would he do
this? For the benefit of ultra pro-slavery men,
and ultra anti slavery men. Yes, sir, whilst he
assumes the office of sponsor for both the slavery
and anti-slavery parties, he also assumes the of-
fice of censor of all those who differ from both of
these parties; he commends the boldness and can-
d<?r of the slavery propagandist, but denounces
the man who, holding the proviso to be an abstrac-
tion, useless and offensive in its application to our
Mexican acquisitions, would therefore abstain
from agitating it. At least, so I understand him;
and, upon this assumption, what is the inference
to be drawn from his course? Is it not that he
favors extreme views, both for and against slavery
and' its extension—that lie favors such views as
are irreconcilable, and must, according to the
professions of the respective sides, lead to%iolence
and civil war in the end? Is not this the infer-
ence? Docs the gentleman wish so to be under-
stood? Would he destroy the influenceof those
who stand by the Constitution and the Union 
whose views are favorable to an amicable adjust-
ment of these questions? Would he sink every-
thing—would he sink political parties, reject or
withhold government from our Territories, ar-
rest the wheels of Government, (as they are now
arrested,) rather than cease the agitation of the
proviso ?
t But, sir, why should the gentleman from Ohio
insist upon the application of the proviso to our
late Mexican acquisitions? Is it because the
Mexican law tolerates slavery? Is it because the
climate and soil of those acquisitions invite slave
labor? No: I presume it is for neither of these
reasons. What, then, is the reason? God and
nature have traced an immutable material law in
the lofty mountains and arid deserts of that Ter-
ritory, forever prohibiting African slavery within
its limits: and besides this, I suppose that the gen-
tleman holds that the Mexican law prohibits sla-
very within those limits. Well, if this be so, I
repeat, why should the gentleman insist upon the
proviso. Is it to subserve any practical purpose
of freedom depending upon its application? Can
its application do any good ? Will not its applica-
tion as a supererogatory, and as* an offensive act to
the South, be productive of much and serious
harm ? I fear, sir, there is room to suspect thafc
the purpose wi,th which the proviso is urged^is
not so much to advance the eau-se of freedom as
k is to subserve the interests and advancement of
a mad and relentless faction—a* faction whose ali-
ment is excitement and strife, and wbo chng to
fehe proviso as a drowning man would to a plank—
a plank whieh afforded him the or)\y Hope of es-
cape from an oblivious gravfr. not this the
visible and unmistakable object? Who can doubt
it? Slavery does not, nor can it, as I think, exist
in Utah or New Mexico. The Wilmot proviso*
therefore, in its application to those Territories, is
a humbug; and I say, sir, down with humbugs
and down with all mischievous humbuggers. The
triumph of such men would be the triumph of dis-
order over order and violence over justice and right.
I am not,sir, to be deterred from my propriety,
or from the even tenor of my course, either by the
imputations or by the threats of the gentleman
from Ohio. I fear no influence or force he can em-
ploy against me. He could not harm me, sir, if
he would; of course I speak politically, being un-
willing to suppose that the gentleman is personally
unfriendly to me. I have voted against the appli-
cation of the provisio -to our Mexican Territories-
from the first. I shall vote against it now, trusting
to the intelligence and patriotism of my constit-
uents to approve of my course* But should is
turn out otherwise—should they disapprove of it,,
whilst I would regret the fact, still \ woald not re-
lent of what 1 had done. And as their disappro-
bation of what I h£d done for the good of my
country would not shake my faith, nor cause me to
wish to tread backward, so neither would thei?
previous instructions swerve me from an adhe-
rence to the obligations of my allegiance, and the
path of public duty. I would stand firm, sir,and
take the consequences whether good or evrl.
There are great occasions—crises—in human
affairs, when the safety of a State, or it may be,
the interests of mankind, override all minor and
individual considerations; when the character of
the representative is merged in that of the citizen
and of the man. In such cases, he who braves
popular prejudice proves himself a true patriot
and philanthropist. He towers above all individ-
ual selfishness and petty motives, and in the disin-
terestedness and independence of his sublime
character, becomes a benefactor of his race. Such
are the characters of Solon and of Cato. Who
does not see more to admire and to imitate in the
incorruptible virtue, the inflexible patriotism, and
the broad and unselfish philanthropy of these great
historic characters, than in the dazzling but de-
ceitful splendors of Pisistratus and of Julius Cse-
sar ?—to whose grasping and relentless desire for
power and place the labors of the great Athenian
lawgiver, and the life of the hardy Roman, were
sacrificed. What just-minded man had not rather
be Solon or Cato approved, than Pisistiatus or
Ccesar condemned ? It is the good rather than the
great who are worthy of a deathless fame—who
are worthy to inspire the glowing pen of the his-
torian, to kindle the ardent genius of the bard, and
to challenge the approving judgment of posterity.
Courage, courage, then, to the faithful and true;
onward, onward, in the path of public duty; let
no man despair, let no man falter. The safety of
the Republic itself is the stake for which he con-
tends; and the reward that awaits his constancy
and devotion is eventual gratitude and gloiy.
As individuals, we are but atoms in the great
frame a..d motion of the universe; existing, as it
were, for a day, and then giving place to the
beings that are to follow us. Not so, let it be under-
stood, with government—civil government, which,
as a law and a necessity of human society, must
exist, in some form, for good or for evil, coeval
with the existence of society itself. Let us rush,
then, to the rescue of our wise and free and happy
Government from the perils that beleaguer it. Let
no man stand back; but let men of all parties, of
all sections—from the North and the South—the
East and the West—from slaveholding and non-
slaveholding States—let all patriots come forward
in a spirit of conciliation and compromise, and
make common sacrifices upon the altar of their be-
loved country for her preservation and glory. Let
us all do this. I appeal particularly to the mem-
bers of this House to do so. I appeal to them in
