THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS
$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1850.
New Series No. 39.
therefore, that inasmuch as the Government of the
United Slates has pledged itself in the acts regu-
lating intercourse with the Indian tribes, to protect
the property of said tribes, and to pay for it when
destroyed by citizens of the United Stales, he may
be paid for his negro out of the Treasury of the
United States, together with a reasonable sum for
his expenses in attempting to recapture him.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. WALKER submitted a communication, ad-
dressed to- him by the Executive Committee of the
University of Wisconsin and the Commissioners
of the school lands in that State, in relation to a
£rant of certain salt-spring lands to the said insti-
tution.
At the last session, said the honorable gentle-
man, the Senate passed a bill, making this cession
of lands, but it failed in the House of Representa-
tives, for want of time. He hoped, therefore, that
the committee would report the bill, with as little
delay as possible, in justice to the State of Wis-
consin.
The communication was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Walworth
■county, Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
mail-route from Muguanego to White Water, in
that State', which were referred to the Committee
on the Post-Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Henry
Williams, United States attorney for the District
of Georgia, asking an increase of his compensa-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WHITCOMB presented the memorial of
officers and soldiers in the late war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. MANGUM. I hold in my hand a petition
signed by some three hundred peisons of the most
respectable portion of the community in which
they reside, in the county of Onslow, in the State
of North Carolina. It represents, sir, that the
navigation of New River, m that county, which
passes through a region of exceeding fertility, is
obstructed by shoals, at the point of its entrance
into the Atlantic; and it prays a small appropria-
tion for the purpose of removing these obstiuc-
tions. It sets forth, that the immediate vicinity of
that river, not more than thirty miles into the in-
terior,contains immense quantities of timber, corn,
cotton, and various other articles of produce. I
know it to be as fertile as any region in the State;
I know that in addition to that, it is supplied with
naval stores of every description—the finest forests
—the largest trees which I ever saw, except on the
banks of the Cumberland—all of which now re-
main almost useless, because it is impossible to
get them to the ocean. If an appropriation or
grant of this sort is to be made, 1 know of no case
in which it can more fairly and usefully be made,
than in this instance, to \he extent of the appro-
priation ask*d for; and, sir, when it shall be re-
membered, on the part of the committee to whom
1 desire to have it referred, that the State from
which it comes has asked but very little from this
Government, and has received much less, I trust
that these petitioners will meet with due and fa-
vorable consideration. I move that, without read-
ing, the petition be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The petition was so referred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TURNE Y, from the Committee on Patents,
to which were referred the petition and papers of
Benjamin Tatham and brothers, submitted an ad-
verse report on the same; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Patents,
to which was referred the petition of William R.
Nevins, asking a renewal of his patent for a ma-
chine for cutting and rolling dough for crackers,
biscuits &c., submitted a report, asking to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
39
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLARKE gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to refund to the State of Rhode
Island certain sums, advanced by that State, for
the support of volunteers and enlisted soldiers in
the late war with Mexico.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I ask the per-
mission of the Senate to be excused from further
service on the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The question on granting the request to be ex-
cused, was taken accordingly, and agreed to.
Mr. KING. I regret very much that the hon-
orable Senator has felt it to be his duty to ask to
be excused from serving on the Committee on
Foreign Relations; but as he has so desired it, I
will move that the presiding officer appoint another
Senator to fill the vacancy in the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL AND EXPLANATORY.
Mr. BENTON. There being a gap at this mo-
ment in the business of the Senate, I will call the
attention of the Senate to what I read in one of
the morning papers—the National Intelligencer.
It purports to bean accountof what was said here
yesterday, in a certain case, in which my own voice
was heard. So far as I ain represented in that pa-
per, sir, the report is substantially correct. So far
as another is concerned, it is not correct. Now,
Mr. President, I have to say, what every Senator
well knows, that it is not only the right, but the
duty, of a Senator, to revise his speeches, improve
the style, and improve the argument, if it relates
to argument; but where there is something of a
different character—something personal—there can
be no alteralion of the words. This is parliament-
ary law, and it is the law, I will not say of honor,
but of civilized man.
Now, after the scene which occurred yesterday,
the reporter [for the " Union"] came to.me and laid
on my table the notes of what I had said, and
asked me to revise them. I refused even to read
them. I did not, and would not read them. T told
him it was his business to make it correct, and I
expected he had made it correct. And why would
not I read them, sir? Because it should not be
said that I had meddled with a word privately. 1
intended then, as I always intend, and as the only
way that honor can ever do, to let the reporter
make his report of personal scenes; and if there
is anything wrong in the report, correct it in the
Senate—correct it in the face of those who heard
everything, and who know what is right and what
is wrong. A public correction of public person-
alities, is the only thing that can be endured in a
land of civilized men. I refused then even to
read the notes of the reporter, and he carried them
away, asking me to fill up the blank in the first
sentence, of two or three words which he did not
catch. I filled up these two or three words in the
opening sentence. That was all. I never read one
word more. Now, sir, I find in the Intelligencer
this morning—and it may be in the Union also, for
anything 1 know-—what purports to be a report of
what was said yesterday. It is a lying account
from beginning to end. It is an exemplification of
all the modes of falsehood known to the law—
suppressio veri et suggestio falsi—and that in a ma-
terial point, which would make it perjury if it had
been sworn to.
Sir, in what is personal in this chamber, there
can be no alteration of words—there can be no
substitution of equivocal or convertible phrases.
The words spoken, so far as chaiacter or feeling
is conccrned, are to stand. They are to stand,
sir, and he is to abide what is to result from them
in public opinion, or in any other way. There is
to be no made-up case—there is to be no alter-
ation in a single phrase; and yet, in this case, the
alterations aie systematic from the beginning to
the end, and 1 say the reporter did not make
them. 1 absolve the reporters.
The report omits many things that were said,
and says many things that were not said, and
j that were absolutely false, and this, any Senator
can see who heard what was said yesterday, and
could have the stomach to read the filthy stuff
that appeared in the papers this morning. I am
not going to nauseate the Senate by reading it;
but I have demanded from the reporter the ori-
ginal notes of the debate. I find the report correct
in the Republic. I have demanded from the re-
porter his notes, for the purpose of justifying him
at all events.
And now, sir, I will read to the Senate, m'erely
as an exemplification of the kind of abuse which
I have spoken of, but a single phrase, and I take
it out of the paper which is the regular authorized
reporter of the Senate, from which it is to go into
our parliamentary law, and stand there. 1 mean
to brand it as false before it leaves this chamber—
to brand it from beginning to end, giving an ex-
emplification whereof there are many of a like
character. It says;
"At presenf he is shielded by ills age, his open disavowal
of the obligatory force of the iavvs of honor, and bis Senato-
rial privileges."
Now, in the first place, no such thing was said
here yesterday; and in the second place, if it had
been said, it would have been false. So there are
two falsehoods there together. I am remarking
on an article in a newspaper, and I cannot be
called to order.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) I hope he will not
be called to order by any one.
Mr. BENTON. " At present he is shielded
' by his age, his open disavowal of the obligatory
' force of the laws of honor, and his Senatorial
'privileges." Shielded by his age! by bis age !
Sir, let any person insult me where an appropriate
chastisement can be employed, and inflicted upon
blackguardism, and he will find out whether I am
not young enough to resist; he will find out my
age without consulting any calendar at all.
" His open disavowal of the obligatory force of
the laws of honor." Take that in any sense, and
I it is false. Take it in the sense in which it is per-
| haps intended, and it is false. I am not a man to
| make avowals except when there is a ease pend-
| ing, and then the avowal goes to the single case,
litis not true that I ever made such an avowal.
It is a false excuse—an afterthought; it is an inven-
tion of after-time—an invention of cowardice—to
shield itself from infamy. That is what it is.
Sir, I never made such an avowal—I avow neither
one thing nor the other. When any person puts
a case, they will get an answer; but there will be no
avowals before that to go before the country.
" His Senatorial privileges !" Sir, I claim no
Senatorial privileges—I claim no privilege of at-
tacking any person on this floor—I claim no
privilege of insulting anybody here. 1 have never
done it in the thirty years I have been here; I
have never begun to insult any one; but if it is
begun with me, although I may bear with insults
a long time, yet, when 1 once take notice ot it,
there shall be an end, one way or the other. And
, if the Senate does not know that it is a Senate—if
! this Senate does not protect itself from scenes
j which would'disgrace the veriest brothel—if this
! Senate permits language to be used here which
j cannot be used in the filthiest brothel in the Five
! Points, or in the suburbs of the city—if they per-
I mit such language to be used here, and to be used
j! here with respect to me, I mean from this time
i forth to protect myself, cost what it may.
Now, sir, I merely give this as a specimen of
the falsehood—malicious and systematic—which
pervades what I find in this newspaper. 1 am
speaking about a newspaper, sir, and cannot be
called to order. And perhaps hereafter it may
be well to wait for the newspaper, and then I can
speak of the newspaper. I have given this as an
example of the falsehood which pervades that re-
port of what took place here yesterday, and which
is to go into the permanent debates of the Con-
gress of the United States—which is to stand in
the register of these debates as true and permanent
history '■ 1 brand it with falsehood before it goes
there, and shall hold myself ready, upon any ap-
propriate occasion that may require it, to provs
the falsehood from beginning to end.
