1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred House bill making
appropriation for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending 30th June, 1851, reported
back the same with amendments, which propose
to strike out that part of the bill in which the sala-
ries of the professors of the academy are fixed at
$1,500, and, with the exception of the professors
of French and Drawing, to make them $2,000.
He expressed the hope that it would be the
pleasure of the Senate to take up the bill and pass
it at once.
Mr. CASS. If it will not occupy the morning
hour, I have no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see why it should
occupy more than ten minutes. At any rate, I
promise it shall not interfere with the special order.
By unanimous consent, the bill was then taken
up and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I will explain, in a moment
or two, the object of the amendments. There is
in fact but one amendment, the others being mere
alterations which follow, as a matter of course, if
that one is adopted. The only respect in which
the bill thus amended differs from the bill as it
passed the House is in regard to the amount fixed
for the professors' salaries. The salaries of these
professors heretofore have been made up of three
or four items—the item of pay, the item of forase,
the item of commutation of subsistence, and an
allowance for servants. The House, in lieu of the
salary which these professors enjoyed from these
items, have stricken off so much as was derived
from the commutation for forage for two horses.
The Committee on Finance recommend that, in-
stead of this diminution, a salary of $2,000shall be
allowed to each of them, with the exception of the
professors of Drawing and French, whose salaries
they propose shall remain as fixed by the House,
at $1,500. They have increased it to a sum cer-
tain, which they think is preferable to allowing it
to be paid in the former mode; because one of the
objections made in the House was in relation to
the item of forage for three horses, as a part of the
salary which the professors received. The Com-
mittee on Finance believe that competent men to
discharge these duties could not be procured for
less than $2,000, which is about the amount
they now receive in the shape of these allowances;
and they have therefore proposed that the profes-
sors bf mathematics, philosophy, engineering,
ethics, and chemistry be allowed $2,000 each, in
exchange for all these allowances, with the ex-
ception of the longevity ration, which is one more
of honor than of profit, and is particularly valued
by military men.
If it be the pleasure the Senate to keep the sala-
ries at what they were, or about what they were,
there can be no objection this amendment, and the
change in the sum is simply the result of the
establishment of that pinciple. I ask the question,
therefore, first on this amendment; for, if adopted
by the Senate, the others will follow as a matter
of course, to harmonize the residue of the bill with
it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not know that I per-
fectly understood the remarks of the Senator from
Virginia; but if I did understand them, the adop-
tion of this amendment will increase the salaries
which the professors referred to in the bill have
heretofore enjoyed. The House have made a re-
duction of them, and instead of bringing them back
to the precise situation in which they formerly
stood, the Senator from Virginia proposes an
amendment which will increase their emoluments.
Now, I take this to be the worst possible time to
engage in increasing the salaries of public officers,
for we know that the drain on the Treasury is
enormous. I hope the Senate will concur in what-
ever reduction the House has seen fit to make. I
will venture to say, that if we reject the amendment
and adopt the bill as it passed the House, not a
single officer will resign, and there will be no diffi-
culty whatever in getting competent officers to per-
form the duties. I apprehend these salaries will
then be quite as large as are enjoyed at the uni-
versities and public seminaries of the country by
professors. At any rate, I am willing to try the
experiment, and see whether any resignation will
take place, or any difficulty be experienced in ob-
taining competent men to perform the duties of
these stations. .
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maine will
find that the sum proposed by this amendment to
be given as salaries to these professors is not very
far from what they now enjoy: Take, for instance,
the professor of philosophy. He now gets $2 044
inpay and allowances, and it is proposed to allow
him $2,000. The professor of engineering now
gets $1,792, and it is proposed to allow him $2,000.
So with the professors of mathematics, ethics, and
chemistry: each of them now receives $1,792, and
it is proposed to give them 2,000. So that in point
of fact we vary the sum from what they now re-
ceive but by a very small amount. And I do not
agree with the Senator that, because the gentlemen
who have occupied these places, and are unfitted
now perhaps for other business, will not resign if
we curtail their salaries, it is proper and just to do
so. On the contrary, I think that if they have
served faithfully, they should receive what their
services are worth, and at that rate it ought to be
what is paid for similar services in the first uni-
versities and academies in the land. I believe the
amount is not so high as is paid in the University
of New York; and certainly it is not so high as is
paid in the University of South Carolina or of Vir-
ginia, with which I am more particularly acquaint-
ed; and yet we know that these professors not
only are, but they ought to be men of the highest
grade of talent. 1 do not believe that we can secure
new men for these duties, who are equal to them
in point of scientific attainments, at thesum pro-
posed to be given them in the bill as it came from
the House. It is a very small matter; and the
poorest of all economy, I think, is that which con-
sists in a reduction of the salaries of professors in
our institutions of learning. Why, the difference
in qualifications which might be secured by a dif-
ference of a thousand or fifteen hundred dollars in
salaries, might be worth to us hundreds of thou-
sands. Indeed, it is impossible to estimate in
money what we may gain or lose by this or that
plan or grade of instruction. No doubt we shall
get men to serve if the salaries are put down as
low as $500, but the question is, whether we shall
get competent men, or men as competent as those
who now grace and adoin those stations. 1 hope
it will be the pleasure of the Senate to adopt this
amendment. We have put the salaries ata round
um, which is something less than the same class
of professors receive at the universities of which
I have spoken; and which are certainly not too
much for the services rendered. We thought it
better to give the sum in gross, so that there should
be no reason for supposing they were receiving by
indirect means a higher salary than was intended,
and I do not believe the salary which they now
receive would have been attacked, if it had not
been for the fact that a part of the sum comes in
the shape of commutation of forage for three
horses, and it was not known why a professor
should have three horses. I believe the reduction
was made with the idea of striking at what seemed
to be an abuse. But 1 think, with due deference,
that in doing so the House did not consider what
was proper and necessary for the support and
compensation of a professor engaged in this insti-
tution. So far as the professors were concerned,
the whole amount received was hardly adequate
as salaries, and the mode in which it was paid, so
far from being a matter of just reproach to them,
rather entitled them to our sympathy; for doubt-
less it must have been disagreeable to them to
seem to receive too much by indirection, when in
act their allowances of all sorts did not compen-
sate them fully for their services.
Mr. DICKINSON. I fully concur with my
colleague upon the Committee of Finance, [Mr
Hunter,] who acts as chairman of that commit-
tee, in what he has said with regard to this bill. J
My experience has taught me that the cavils which }
are raised against the increase of the salaries of
clerks and public officers are most frequent wjth
regard to small amounts, such as the trifling in-
crease of from seven or eight hundred to a thou-
sand dollars. In such cases a great deal is said
about economy, and that persons can be procured
for a less sum. Sir, in such matters it is not more
poetical than true, that " fools rush in where an-
gels fear to tread." You can supply the public
service with incompetent men for a salary of a few
hundred dollars, but will it be wise to resort to
such mistaken economy ? I, too, am an economist,
but I am not willing to economize to the destruc-
tion of efficiency. We have many large appro-
priations—some of them amounting to hundreds
of thousands of dollars. Such appropriations
possess a high degree of interest, and in them the
extravagance of the Government is most conspicu-
ous. To them 1 would apply a rigid economy.
I favor directness and simplicity in the payment of
salaries: I am in favor of an amendment which
will show how much our officers receive. I am
not willing to continue the system of paying
through rations and commutations. Let theSen-
ate, and the country, and the officer's themselves,
know how many dollars and cents are assigned to
each. I do not think these salaries too high; the
Government must have its employes, but let it
have no more than are necessary, and let them be
competent men and fairly paid.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am perfectly aware that
any suggestion which tends to economy, or any
effort that may be made to keep either the salaries
of officers or the expenses of the Government down
to the point at which they have been kept, will be
perfectly unavailing; but still I intend to call the
attention of the Senate to the tendency to extrava-
gance in things great and small, and I mean to re-
peat the effort, whether availing or unavailing.
This is said to be a small affair; but here we find-
without any complaint on the part of the officers,
that I have heard; without any allegation of neces-
sity for the increase of these salaries, and when
the House has sought to economize—a proposi-
tion to increase the salaries of the officers of this
institution to an amount of some eight or ten per
cent. We all know that the expense of support-
ing their families is less there than in most large
cities, and that the services of men of first-rate
capacity can be obtained for the salaries that these
gentlemen have heretofore enjoyed.
But are we to be told that a salary of $2,000 per
annum is necessary to command the services of a
tutor of French or other languages at this institu-
tion ? If the committee, when they proposed to
change the mode of making compensation, had left
the amount as has heretofore been paid, I should
not have objected to the amendment. But here is
a proposition to increase the sum, which is in per-
fect keeping with every appropriation bill which
we have had before us. The constant tendency is
to enlarge the expenditures of the Government.
We are constantly called upon to raise the com-
pensation of employes in appropriation bills; and
we have this startling fact before us, that while in
1830 the expenses of the General Government
were about $14,000,000, being about one dollarfor
each inhabitant, the expenditures have gone tin
increasing beyond the ratio of increase of t'he'pop-
ulation, until we see that the appropriations asked
for at this session, in the estimate of the Secretary
of the Treasury, reach the amount of $45,000,000.
And yet the appropriations will exceed the esti-
mates. If we do not begin to retrench somewhere,
it will be useless to attempt to keep the expenses
of the Government within any reasonable limits.
We have local governments, Slate and municipal,
whose province it is to execute most of the ordi-
nary duties of government; yet we see that tho
General Government, instituted for a few specific
objects, have gone on increasing until' they have
swelled to such an enormous amount, that it is
due to the country to call attention to the facL I
concur with the Senator from New York, that it is
to large expenditures we should chiefly direct our
attention; but I do not choose, whatever may be
the course of others, to increase the expenditures
without necessity even in small matters. 1 would
be glad to keep within the present limits at least, if
possible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 think the Sen-
ator from Maine has made a very good speech, if
he had appended it to something to which it had a
useful application; but I think it is out of place here,
because the whole increase of expenses proposed
is only something over $700. It is a diminution
of the salary of one of the professors, his salary
having been accidentally higher than that of the pro-
fessor of the senior chair of the academy. The
object is to put all the salaries of the principal pro-
fessors upon the same scale. The Senator 'r0™
Maine has not inquired, I am sure, or he would
not have given the reasons which he has offered
against the passage of this amendment. Heseems
to suppose that he can obtain competent men to
fill these chairs anywhere, and for a less sum or
money. His remarks remind me of a sayng of
William Cobbett. He said he could obtam an
able-bodied man to perform the duties of king tor
