1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
is somewhat equivocal; his denial that he had
made the avowal seemed to be modified—that the
Senator does not consider himself responsible to
the laws of honor, or not? Let him say ay, and
I shall know what course to take. It is not suf-
ficient for him to say that he has never said so and
so. Let him say that he does hold himself re-
sponsible to the laws of honor, and I give him my
word that I will give him an opportunity to prove
THE COMPROMISE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
hour had arrived for the consideration of the special
order, namely, the series of resolutiens presented
by Mr. Clay.
Mr. CHASE resumed and finished the speech
which hecommenced yesterday, [of which a report
will be found in the Appendix.]
_ Mr. BALDWIN moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BALDWIINf. I now move that the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Tennessee be taken up,
with a view to make them the special order of the
day for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE, I understood the motion of the
Senator from Connecticut, in regard to the subject
which has been under consideration, to be, to
postpone it until to-morrow. I trust that, under
the circumstances, the subject which was before
the Senate this morning will be allowed to have
precedence. I hope the Senate will permit my
motion for referring to a committee the resolutions
of the Senator from Tennessee, to be acted upon
to-morrow, and afterward give an opportunity for
the discussion of the general subject upon the piop-
ositions that will remain before the Senate. I
trust that I may be permitted to say, that I have
been forbearing and conciliatory m regard to this
matter; and I hope that, at the least, the friends
of the proposition will cooperate in hastening its
final decision.
The question being taken on the motion to take
up the resolutions of the Senator from Tennessee,
it was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 now move, for the benefit
of the Senator from Connecticut, that these reso-
lutions be made the special order of the day for
one o'clock to-morrow, to take precedence over all
other matters.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion ofMr. FOOTE, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and
after a short time so engaged, the doors were
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
ThuPvSdat? , March 28,1850.
The House met at 12 o'clock. The Journal of
yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. HAMPTON, by the unanimous consent of
the House, introduced the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, if compatible with the puhiie interest,
copies of the correspondence of the coiuul of the United
States at Vienna, with statements of the authonty under
winch lie lias acted.
Mr. THOMAS called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BOYD moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GRINNELL asked the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] to waive his motion, to per-
mit him to make a report from the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BOYD said he could not, as it was the wish
of those around him that the motion should be
pressed.
The question was then put, and the House re-
fused to suspend the rules to go into committee.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports, when
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill for
the relief of Andrew Smith; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referied to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, to
which had been referred a bill to reenaet, and con-
tinue in operation, certain acts for the relief of
certain insolvent debtors of the United States, re-
ported the same back, without amendment, and
it was committed to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the Committee on the Judiciary was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of Samuel and James Smith, of Indiana,
praying compensation for improvements made by
them on certain property of the United States; ana
it_was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. T. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred a bill, entitled an act to amend
an act regulating the district courts of the United
States for the State of Alabama, providing for an
additional attorney, or marshal, reported the same
back without amendment.
Mr. T. moved that the bill be read, and put on
its passage.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. HILLIARD moved its reference to a select
committee, to be composed of the Representatives
from the State of Alabama.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would like to know
the object of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr,
Hilliard] for such motion.
Mr. HILLIARD said the bill was one of a lo-
cal character; and his object for the reference was
to enable the Representatives from Alabama to
agree upon the form of the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had no objection, if
the House thought proper to make the reference
proposed.
Mr. MILLER objected; when
Mr. THOMPSON moved to refer the bill to the
Committee oftheWholeon the state of the Union.
Mr. HILLIARD expressed the hope that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would withdraw the
motion.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew the motion; when
Mr. CARTTER renewed it; and expressed the
hope that the bill would take the usual course.
Mr. INGE expressed the hope that the House
would vote down the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and give the reference proposed by his colleague, i
[Mr. Hilliard.] The bill was purely a local one, \
and its passage was of importance to the con- j
venience of the people of Alabama.
Mr. ALSTON said he would be compelled to go
against the bill in its present shape. The motion
was made to refer to a select committee of the
Alabama delegation, simply with a view of recon-
ciling differences of opinion in regard to the plan
of the bill.
After a few further remarks by Messrs. WENT-
WORTH, HILLIARD, INGE, and CLEVE-
LAND, in regard to the propriety of a reference
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
Mr. CLEVELAND insisted that the bill was of
great importance, as it created a new officeiwa
marshal. lie therefore hoped it would take the
usual course. He concluded by moving the previ-
ous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; which main question
being first on the motion to refer to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it was
put and carried in the affirmative.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the Committee 011 the Judiciary was dis-
charged from the fuither consideration of the pe- j
titiori of D. B. Curl and fifty other citizens of 1
Clarion county, Pennsylvania, on the subject of
the tariff; and it was referred to the Committee of i
Ways and Means.
PUGET SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY, j
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the :
Judiciary, reported a lesolution, which was read :
as follows: j
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish the !
Hou*e of Jlepte entdtive<, if not incompatible wittithe pub-
lie interests, with all the information m his pos>e&sion, m '
relation w the kind, ami extent, of claims to farms aud lands
of the Puget's Soumi Agricultural Company, in the Tern- j
torv of Oregon; arid that he lie requested to communicate !
to the Hou>e ot Representative^ a copy ot the act mcorpo- J
rating the Puget'd Sound Agricultural Company, or of tiie j
original insuument constituting that company; and that the h
President be requested to lay before the House of Represent- Ij
atives any lnfoimauon in his possession relative to the kind, j]
character, uuuiber, and extent, of the possessory rights of the •
Hudson's Bay Company, and of al! British-subjects, who may
be already in the occupation of land or other property in tlie
Oregon Territory, south of the forty-ninth parallel of north
latitude; also, the number of such British subjects, inclu-
ding the members, agents, and servants of said company;
also, the location, number, and extent of tbe forts, stations,
and settlements of said company, south of said parallel*
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to this House whether any, and if any what, proposition has
been made by the Hudson's Buy Company to the Govern-
ment of the United States, during this Administration;, or the
Administration of his immediate predecessors, to sell and
transfer to the Government of the United States, the posses-
sory rights of said com pany in Oi egon Territory, south of the
northern line of that territory, and to fui nish this House with
coptcs ot all papers, now in possession of this Government,
connected with .such proposition, and with a copy of all cor-
respondence had between this Government and any person
acting for said company, relative to the possessory rights of
said company, since the treaty ot 1846, defining the northern
boundary of Oregon Territory.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Chair
whether the resolution did not lie on the table one
day, under the rule.
The SPEAKER said it would have to, if the
point was raised.
Mr. WENTWORTH made some inquiry of
the gentleman from the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Miller,] who reported the resolution.
Mr. MILLER was understood to say that the
call was based on the resolution introduced by the
delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Thurston,] which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.* Mr. M.
said, to enable the committee to act on the subject
referred to them by that resolution, it was a mat-
ter of imperative necessity that they should have
the information called for in this resolution; and
the information could not be obtained unless in the
manner proposed by the committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH withdrew his objection.
Objection was, however, renewed by Mi-. Hay-
mond.
The CHAIR ruled, as objection was made, that
the resolution would have to he over one day, un-
der the rule, which requires that all resolutions,
calling for information from the departments, shall
lie over one day.
Mr. MILLER thought it hard if the objection
of one member could prevent the action of a com-
mittee. He appealed from the decision of the
Chair, on the ground that the resolution was a
report of a standing committee, and that, there-
fore, the rule was not applicable.
The CHAIR said he could perceive no differ-
ence, The rule was imperative, that all resolu-
tions calling for information from the Executive
departments shall lie over one day, and for the
obvious reason, that the House should not be
called to vote upon a matter which it might not
understand. The Chair decides, that for this rea-
son, although the resolution is reported from a
committee, it must lie over one day, under the rule,
because it is of the character to which the rule
applies.
After a few words by Mr. MILLER and Mr.
WENTWORTH,
The question was put, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?" and
it was determined in the affirmative-
Mr. MILLER asked leave to withdraw the re-
port, with the view of offering the resolution on
next Monday, which was resolution day.
After a few remarks by Mr. WENTWORTH,
Mr. MILLER, and the CHAIR, in regard to the
proposed withdrawal,
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution
could not be withdiawn, but that it would he over
one day under the rule.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported the follow-
ing bills, which were severally read a first and
second t>me by their titles, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the reports accom-
panying, ordered to be printed, viz;
A bill to provide for the payment of certain
money to the legal representatives of Conrad Ten
Eyck, late Marshal of the District of Michigan,
deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Mrs, Susan C. Randall.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from the
further consideiation of the memorial of Robert
Gialiam, praying that he may be confirmed in Ins
title and possession to certain land, and that he
may be refunded the proceeds of the sale of a part
of said land, by the United States, with interest
thereon; and it was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
