1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ^LOBE.
1M1
Mr. BADGER. Oh, you had better make it
now, and have done with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would rather it was not
pressed now.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I am willing to withdraw
the amendment, and leave the matter in the hands
of the Finance Committee, assured that they will
take charge of it.
The amendment was then withdrawn, and there
being no other amendment, the bill was reported
to the Senate; the several amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to postpone the con*
sideration of the prior special orders, that the
Senate may proceed to the consideration of the
biil " granting bounty land to certain officeis and
soldiers who have been engaged m }he military
service of the United States."
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT, The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. The ques-
tion pending is on the proviso, which it is pro-
posed to insert at the end of the bill, and which
will be read.
The proviso was read, as follows:
" Provided further. That every person who may he enti-
tled, under Ihe provisions of tins act, to receive a certificate
or wanant for btj'ifity land, shall be allowed the option to
receive such certificate or wariant, or a Treasury t-crip for
@100 where the quantity of land is one hundred ami sixty
acres, $50 where the quantity is eighty acres, and $25 where
the quantity is forty acres; ?aid scrip to Hear an mtere&tof
Fix per cent, ptr annum, payable semi-annually, and re-
deemable at the pleasure of the Government."
Mr. MASON- As this bill now stands, it re-
quires substantially that all those officers and
soldiers who may be entitled to land warrants
should themselves locate the warrants which they
receive under it—that they should take out a patent
for the land. And it restricts it, too, to those of-
ficers and soldiers as a personal benefit; that is to
say, they aie prohibited from making any assign-
ment of the warrants after the patents have been
obtained.
Now, under the provisions of this bill, although
it is certainly proper and right to a certain extent
to exempt, as far as practicable, the class to whom
this bounty is given from the depredations that
are always practiced upon them by speculators,
yet I am very confident that, as it stands, those
officers and soldiers who reside in the southern
States, including the State of Virginia, who may
be entitled to the benefits of this act, will really
derive no practical benefit from it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
proviso proposed to be added at the end of the bill.
It is one of the amendments* recommended by the
committee.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly awate of that;
and if the President will wait a moment he will
see' that my remarks are strictly pertinent to the
view which I shall presently take of that proviso.
As this bill stands, 1 proceed to remark that those
of the Suae of Virginia and other States lying
south of it who are to be entitled to patents under
this bill, will really never receive any particular
benefits from them, because they never can go into
the western country, either in person or by agent
or attorney, for the purpose of locating one hun-
dred and sixty, eighty, or forty acres of land; and,
although it may be desirable to leave the bill as it
stands, prohibiting trading in or transfer of these
warrants before the patent is obtained, yet it ap-
pears to me that to a large class it would really
result in no particular benefit.
Now, as to the proviso, 1 think that the object
which it proposes may be accomplished by modi-
fying it in the way that I shall propose. The bill
proposes to make a gratuity—a pure gratuity—
out of the public domain, as a recognition of the
military services rendered by certain of our people
in the wars with Great Britain and in the Indian
wars. But it is a pure gratuity. It is proposed,
I presume, out of the abundance of this domain, to
make this recognition of former military services;
but the proviso is intended to make that gratuity
in the alternative, and in the discretion of the gra-
tuitees, a charge upon the Treasury; to allow them
-at their pleasure to receive money scrip at the
Treasury in heu of this bounty land. As at present
advised, i shall be opposed to the proviso in that
shaped I do not know that I should bet opposed
to making a gratuity out of the public domain in
land, of which we have more than enough, and
which seems to incumber the public councils of
this country. As 1 am at present advised, I
should be disposed to make a gratuity out of the
public domain; but I should be-entirely indisposed
to allow it to be commuted to a charge upon the
public Treasury. I see no reason, therefore, why,
in order to avoid the difficulties which I have
suggested in relation to a portion of those who
are to be benefited by it, when you prohibit them
from trading or transferring their right to this land,
you should offer them money scrip. I think you
should give them, in lieu of money- scrip, land
scrip proportionate to the amount of land to which
they would be entitled; that is to say, that the
proviso should be so modified as to authorize
those persons to receive military land scrip; and
with that view I have prepared an amendment to
the proviso which I will submit to the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" To be issued by ihe Secretary of the Interior at the rate
of $1 25 per acre, for each acre to winch such person may
he entitled, which scrip shall be receivable inpayment for
any lands subject to sale at private entry."
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, the objections
which were urged by the Senator from Virginia
and others yesterday have, 1 thtnk, very great
force m them. On consideration, I, for one, as a
member of the committee, believe that it is very
imprudent to insist upon this proviso. It would
not only endanger and hazard the bill, which I am
very anxious should pass, but I think it is going
a little too far, as suggested by the gentleman from
Virginia, to throw this burden upon the Treasury
in any event. I am willing that we should sur-
render the whole proviso; I will not insist upon it.
But it is a great object to prevent this scrip from
floating about in the community as a spectos of
speculating circulation. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia would have the effect of
throwing into market a very large amount of land
ecip, which would be assignable, of course, ad
libitum, and would be likely to circulate over the
country and fall into the hands of speculators.
This is the great objection that we western men
have to it. This is a general measure, it applies
to the whole country. We of the West aie not
specially interested in it, for it will prevent land
from being settled. This is as beneficial to ,New
England as it is to Illinois, so far as that is con-
cerned. But I see a strong, I see a very powerful
objection to throwing this scrip into market for
the purpose ot' speculation. 1 hope, then, that the
Senator from Virginia will withdraw his amend-
ment, and let this proviso be voted down, as i am
willing1 it should be.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have no dis-
position in the world to embarrass the bill by the
amendment which 1 have offered. As I have said,
my views at present are favorable to the bill. The
object of this bill, upon its face, is to give this
bounty to those for whom it is provided. Now if,
really and in fact, it will confer no bounty upon a
large class, the bill is perfectly illusive as to them,
however beneficial it may be to those who can
avail themselves of it. How would it be practi-
cable in a large class, from Virginia and from the
other southern States, of militia and volunteers,
who were called out for special service to defend
their frontier? That was the case m Virginia. I
know thnt thousands upon thousands were called
out, and kept the prescribed term, to defend the
frontiers. The bill entitles privates to receive forty
acres of land; but it disables them from receiving
that bounty unless they take measures, each indi-
vidually, to have that forty acres of land located
somewhere upon the public lands, and a patent
issued for it. It will not be done; it cannot
be done; it is utterly impracticable that it should
be done. And the result will be, that wherever
these claimants are found in the western States,
convenient to the public lands, with a knowledge of
the mode of getting at the entries, having their
means of perfecting their location, perfecting their
patents, they will derive benefit from it; there but
are those scattered through the southern States
who are generally among the less enlightened por-
tion of our community—farmers and laboring men
—who really have and can have no knowledge of
the organization of our land system, and in whose
hands this forty acres of land to which they are
entitled will be perfectly useless. The provisions
of the bill to that extent will be partial.
Now, the object is to make these bounties .a
charge upon the public lands. The .amendment
which f have proposed will have that effect, be-
cause this land scrip will be charged upon the
Government only when it is brought in payment
of the public lands, and to the extent of every.dol-
lar's worth of scrip that i« brought in payment of
the public lands, to that extent will the public
lands be absorbed by actual settlers. The objec-
tion made by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
that it will tnrow a very large quantity of land
scrip into market, may be true; but who will re-
ceive the benefit of it when thrown into the mar-
ket? The owner.
Mr. SHIELDS, (in his seat.) Speculators.
Mr. MASON. Speculatois may derive the
largest benefit, because they purchase for a small
sum. But the soldier gets something, whereas as
the bill now stands a large class get nothing at all,
1 am as little disposed as anybody that lives, by
the action of this Government, to throw material
into market to enrich these speculators. There is
no class of men who are less entitled to our sym-
pathy, and who receive less of mine. But if the
object cannot be effected without placing those for
whom it is designed, to some extent, within the
power of that class of people, you must cither in-
cur that risk, or you must deny your intended
bounty.
If my amendment should not prevail, and if the
proviso should not be adopted, though I have nof
been able to give this subject mature.considera-
tion, 1 may feel it my duty to ask the Senate,to
strike from the bill so much as prevents the hold-
ers of this scrip from transferring it, from assigning
it before perfecting their entries. But I thmk it
will be better, as the purpose of this bill i3 to con-
stitute a charge on the public. domainr to adopt the
amendment which I have offered, which will carry
out that object.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I see a great
deal of force in the argument urged by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, so far as the eastern States
are concerned. It did not strike me in that light
before. I am aware that volunteers and soldiers
who reside in the East and in the South will find
it very inconvenient to make these entries. 1 think
the argument very forcible in that respect. My
only fear is that speculators will derive the whole
benefit from the scrip. However, 1 prefer that
this amendment should prevail rather than the.one
which the Senator threatens. And 1 do not see
that this amendment can affect the bill very mate-
rially. It may be a convenience toptrsons'here in
the East, in Virginia, North Carolina^and South
Carolina, and all along the eastern part of the
country. If such be the effect, 1 have no objec-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, I perceive that,
the bill, as it stands, with the amendment reported
by the committee, will extend to these soldiers all
the relief which can be desired by the honorable
Senator from Virginia. And if the bill is to pass
at all, I am decidedly in favor of the bill with the
amendment reported by the Committee on the
Public Lands. And I do not concur with my hon-
orable friend from Illinois, in regarding this amend-
ment as unimportant. But if the amendment is to
be rejected, I earnestly hope that the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Virginia
will not be sanctioned by the Senate.
If I mistake not, the amendment reported from
the Committee on the Public Lands agrees in terms
exactly with the provisions of the bill granting boun-
ties to the soldiers who were engaged in the Mex-
ican war. I had occasion to .look somewhat care-
fully some time since into the«amount of the charge
on the Treasury of the United States, by virtue of
the provisions of the bill granting bounties to the
soldieis engaged in the Mexican war; and I found
it, on inquiry at the Treasury, to be a mere trifle.
The whole amount of those bounties, according to
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, was,
I believe, something like 14,400,000 acres of land,
amounting to about $18,000,000. And the com-
mutation money, as I ascertained on inquiry of
the Register of the Treasury, under the provisions
of the law to which I refer, amounted to only
about a quarter of a million of dollars—=-1 think two
hundred and sixty odd thousand dollars.t The
reason for that is, I suppose, to be found in the
fact that the parties holding this scrip could go into
the market and sell it. And I believe it k®8 wjj"
formly brought in the market something over $100
