616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
now n force, not in conformity with the provisions of this
joint resolution, be, and the same, are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BELL. I suppose the Senate wiil have no
objection to make this resolution the special order
for an early day ?
Mr. KING. It would be much better not to do
so. Gentlemen gain nothing, and lose a great
deal, by constantly making special orders. Let
the resolution lie on the table, and then it can be
called up whenever it suits the convenience of the
Senate.
Mr. BELL. Certainly. I knowall these things
as generahsms; but I have found some use in sev-
eral instances in making special orders. How-
ever, as objection is made, 1 will not press it; but
I hope, as the subject is one of great importance,
that the resolution will be taken up at a very early
day—as soon, at all events, as it is printed.
The report of the committee and the amend-
ment were then laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post-Office and
Post Itoads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mad-route fiom O-kaloosa, via Union Mills and
Montezuma,to SugarGrove; from Butler, in Keokuk county,
via Coropeiine and Locnsf Grove, to Fairfield, in Jefferson
county; all in Iowa. Also, from Adell, in Dallas county,
by Iri>h Grove, to Council Bluffs; and from Eddyville, in
Wapello county, to Chariton Point,m Lucas county, in said
State. ^
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of pioviding in the " deficiency
bill," now under their consideration, for the payment of the
California claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed 10 mrjuuo into the expediency of granting the same
pav to the olrrk of the naval construeter at Kitter>, Maine,
as is paid to a similar cleik in the navy jaid at Churlestown,
Massachusetts.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that to-morrow, or
Borne subsequent day, he would ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to authorize the construction of a
national highway from the Mississippi, at St.
Louis, to the Pacific, at San Francisco-,
Mr. RUSK gave notice that to-mori ow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill to reduce the rates of
postage, and for other purposes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice that to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, he would ask leave
to introduce a joint resolution to amend the Con-
stitution uf the United States.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARKE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to refund to
the State of Rhode Island certain sums advanced
by that State for the support of volunteers and en-
listed soldiers hi the late war with Mexico; which
was-read a first and second time by its title, and
refened to the Committee on Military Affairs.
FREEDOM OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced, that if
there was no other morning business, the resolu-
tions on the table would be taken up in their order.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Webster on the 22d of January, was the first in
ordei;
Resolved, That provision ought to be made by law, that
every mile citizen of the Unitid States, and every in-alu
person wh" ha« declared his intention of Incoming a citi-
zen according to ihe pioviMon* of law, of twentj-one years
of ai?e, < rupw id, shall he entitled to entei upon and take
any oye quarter s-t;i tion of the public lands, which may be
opt n to enirv at pnvate sale, for the purposes of residence
ami cultivation ; ami thai when such «.m/-en  s?h<Ul have re-
Mded on the same land f«r three year-, and cultivated the
fflme. or if dvimjin the mean nine, leMdenct. and cultivation
fchall he Held and carried on hy'his widow, or h s heirs, or
dovi eos, for the spac* of full thieejears from and after
m.ikins entry of Mich land—such lesidence and cultivation
for th-1 said three \ ears to be completed within four years
from the turn of Mich entrj—then a patent to i^sue for rhe
•same to the person making >ueh entr}', if Jiving, or other-
wise to hi- heirs or device*, as tlie ca-e may require:
Provide', ncrerlhe/ess, That Mich person so filtering arid
Uking the quarter section a- aforesaid, bhall not have, nor
Mull his dt-visee or heirs have, any power to nhpn-ue -ueh
land, nor cieate any title thereto, in law or equuv, by deed
traupfttr, lease, or any other conveyance, except'by devise
by will. 3 r J
Mr. WEBSTER. I should be glad to name a
day for the consideration of that subject, if I could
do so without interfering with other subjects that
now engage the attention of the Senate. The
resolution has been a long time on the table, and
it is known to the country. 1 will therefore, if no
member of the Senate object, move that Monday
fortnight be fixed for the consideration of this
resolution. I move its postponement to that day,
and that it be made the special order of that day
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
FUNERAL OBSEQUIES.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Clay on the 11th of February last, next came up
in order:
Resolved, That in future, when a member of Congress
dies, and has been buried in the vacation, the Senate will
not teel itself called upon to extend to the memoiy of the
deceased the honors and ceremonies which have been of
late years usually awarded ; but will restrict itself here-
alter, in the appropriation or those honors and ceremonies,
to oases of the death of members during the session of
Congress.
Mr. CLAY. I presume, sir, that the Senate
may as well disposp of this resolution at this time
as at any other. When I presented it, I supposed
that it met with the general concurrence of the
body. I suppose so yet. I shall forbear, there-
fore, saying anything in behalf of this resolution,
unless opposition is made to it. I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. DAYTON. I would inquire whether this
resolution would extend to the very unnecessary
erection of tombstones in the congressional bury-
ing ground ? I understand that, in addition to our
ceremonies here, it has been customary, when a
memher dies during the vacation, even although
he never has been here, to erect a stone in the
congressional burying-ground. If that be really
the case, 1 think it ought to be embraced in the
resolution, if it is no,t already there.
Mr. CLAY. I had no knowledge even of the
fact now communicated by the Senator from New
Jersey, and I did not, therefore, frame the resolu-
tion in reference to the erection of the monuments
to which he refers, although, perhaps, it would be
included in the general language employed. " Cer-
emonies" is, 1 believe, the word used.
Mr. DICKINSON. I shall interpose no oppo-
sition to the adoption of the resolution. I wished
the other day that it should lie over till the Sena-
tor from Kentucky was in his place; and I stated
then that the resolution did not accord with my
own sentiments. 1 shall not, however, oppose it.
Mr. HALE. I have as little regard for " cere-
monies" as most men; but it strikes me, that if
this js to go into operation, it should be a joint
resolution. It is hardly decorous that the Seriate
should take action upon it alone, and for the Sen-
ate to have one practice, and the House another.
This resolution relates to the deaths of members of
the Senate and of the House, but confines itself to
the course which the Senate shall pursue. It seems
to me that it would he in bad taste for the House to
pursue one practice, and the Senate another. The
course of the two bodies should be uniform; and
therefore I think, if the Senator from Kentucky
has no objection, that the resolution should be a
joint one.
Mr. CLAY. It appears to me hardly necessary
to give the resolution a joint form. We can act
for ourselves—the House can do the same thing.
I have very little doubt, that the same sense of
public inconvenience, resulting from the practice
of adjourning on the occasion of the death of a
member, five hundred miles from here, perhaps,
who has never been seen by half a dozen members
of the body, and has been buried, perhaps, for
months befoie the commencement of the session 
the same sense of public inconvenience which
prompts the action of the Senate, if itagree to this
resolution, will be felt by the House, and lead to
a similar resolution there. At all events, they will
be apprized of what this body has done, and will,
therefore, hardly hereafter ask its cooperation in
ceremonies which the Senate declares, by this reso-
lution, it will not engage in.
While 1 am up, I would remark—for such is the
course of current business, that we often forget
what may have been suggested weeks before, on
the introduction of a resolution—that there are but
two causes which can justify the practice of Con-
gress in adjourning on account of the death of a
member. One is, that a member dying here, the
rites of burial are due to him, and our religion and
our feelings both unite in inducing us to cooperate
m the performance of these rites; the other isy
when a man associating with us in our public du-
ties during the session—mingling with us upon
all occasions, private, as well as public—falls be-
fore the great destroyer in our midst, sympathy
with him—feeling for the family—regret for the
event—render the body, or a pot tion of the body*
incompetent, for a day at least, to discharge its
public duties. Both of these considerations unite,
when the death occurs among us; but if the death
happens at a great distance from us—especially of
an unknown individual, long buried, with whom
there has" been no association—none of those con-
siderations and motives induce us, it strikes me,
to adjourn, and discontinue the discharge of our
public duties, in consequence of an event, exciting
no more interest to most of us than the death of
any other prominent individual in public life would
do. These are the considerations which, I think,
prevailed in the Senate at the time when thcsubjcct
was first suggested to them. They appear to me
to call on. us—and we have most of us been in
Congress a length of time, and felt the inconve-
nience—to adopt this resolution; and I dare say
the House will adopt a similar one. There is but
one objection to the joint form; if we adopt the
resolution as it stands, I think it will lead to the
reform which I desire. If we give it the joint
form, and send it to the House, there is danger
that it will be buried there—unlike the unfortunate
subjects to which it refers—never to rise again. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate, acting for itself,
i will decide upon the pro-position.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry, sir?
that no one else has offered any objection to this
resolution. I look upon these ceremonies as an
outward exhibition of respect, costing us a very
few days during a session, and interfering very
little with the transaction of public business. I
look upon the custom as a sign of that fraternity
which should exist among members of Congtess*
When there is so much strife and schism, 1 like
to preserve it as the last sign of that fraternity.
We meet here as the Representatives of States—
as agents of the Federal Government. Whether a
member dies a day after the adjournment of the
session of Congress, or a day before its meeting—
whether a member should die here in the halls of
Congress, or in his own residence—I still would
make public demonstration of the regret which
it would be a shame to us not to feel, and do think
the injury to the public service is so small, that it
is well to preserve this outward show of respect
to his memory.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Felch, on the 1st instant, was taken up, and <
adopted;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior bo dueeted
to furnish to the Senate, a statement of the quantity of land
! sold, and the amount of money received therefor, at <'ach
! oi the lund-otfices in the United States, during the hist tlnee
| years, together with the expenses ni each of said offices,
! and the quantity of land now remaining unsold therein;
[ and chat he also state whether, in his opinion, any of said
I office? can be dispensed' with, without detriment to the
I public interest, and if so, to winch of the adjoimn® land
[ du-mcts the land therein remaining unsold should be at-
i tached for pui poses of sale.
Mr. KING. I believe my honorable friend from
Michigan, if he will look to the reports made on
this subject, will find that most of the information
which lie seeks-has been already reported to Con-
gress by the department, and probably all of it,
! excepting that whieh relates to the last year. 1
would simply suggest to him, that he had better
look into the matter, to prevent the necessity of
the same information being furnished and printed
twice.
Mr. FELCH. I will state, in reference to this
matter, that 1 have looked attl.e reports, and find
that we can be furnished with a condensed state-
ment for the three years with very little trouble.
But there is another subject to which the attention
of the department is called, and that is, to the pro-
priety of discontinuing some of the offices con-
nected with the public land. A few days ago, a
case came before the Committee on the Public
.Lands, on which a report has been made, of the
claim of the officers of one of the land-offices. It
appeared that there had been no lands sold at the
office for the last tbiee years, and during that time
