1710
$HE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug; 29,
came from the House. If, however, a different
course is determined upon, I still hope' nothing: in
the shape of, arid involving the principle contained
in, the amendment offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia will prevail. 1 repeat, I believe
it will be' a fatal blow to the measure, at least for
this session'of Congress, i wish I felt at liberty
to appeal to that honorable Senator to withdraw
it. He says he is a friend to the measufe. 1 do
riot doubt it," and only regret he does not-seem to
fully reafizfc what I believe to be the danger re-
sulting from pressing so objectionable a clause.
Mr. MASON. The only reason in the world
for proposing the amendment is, that it makes the
provision of the bill available to nly constituents,
i believe, without itjit will be wholly unavailing,
and, although it may inure to the benefit of the
constituents of the Senator from Indiana—and I
should' be entirely willing and earnest1 to extend
the benefits of the bill to his constituents—yet, if
my own constituents are excluded by it, I should
be certainly doing them very great injustice not to
offer the amendment. 1 am perfectly aware that
the subject is environed by difficulties, and that,
if the amendment prevails, it will throw a large
portion of this scrip into the hands of speculators;
but I am equally aware that, if it does not prevail,
the operation of this bill will be of a most partial
character. It will give to those of our fellow-citi-
zens ofthis class living in the western country an
opportunity of establishing homes for themselves
on the public lands; but at the same time it will
exclude men in the same condition of life, certainly
in the State of Virginia, and probably in most of
the Siates south of Virginia. The very men who
ought to have its benefits* the poor men entitled to
forty acres, will never have it in their power to
make the forty acres available; not because they
do not want it, as suggested by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] but because they are un-
able to make it available. Now, I say that, if the
bill is to pass for the benefit of this class of our
fellow-citizens, constituting so large a charge on
the publicTreasury, it ought to be so framed as to
extend the benefits to all, equally if it can, un-
equally if it cannot.
The object of the provision which prevents these
warrants being assigned, is to secure to the recipi-
ents of the gratuity the gratuity intended; and
yet, from the mode in which it is framed, the effect
of it will be to exclude the large class to whom I
have referred from the right of availing themselves
of it. I understand from the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields,] who has charge of this bill, and
is probably best informed of the disposition of the
Senate towards it, that it is his disposition, and
that of many others, to disagree lo the proviso, as
constituting a charge upon the Treasury. Well,
if such be the pleasure of the Senate, let them
adopt the amendment which 1 have offered, and
which has only the effect of changing the charge
from one upon the Treasury to one on the public do-
main, and then adopt the amendment as amended.
That can be done, if it be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, an amendment
was adopted yesterday which is entirely contra-
dictory to the amendment now offered by the Sen-
ator from Virginia. As this bill came up from the
House, it provided substantially that land warrants
and certificates might be assigned previous to the
issuing of the patent or the location of the land'.
It was thought by the committee, on account of
the many evils and difficulties which have been ex-
perienced at the department under the law in refer-
ence to soldiers in the Mexican war, and which
have for some time engaged the attention of the
department, and occasioned gieat embarrassment
here: I say it was thought best to exclude from
this bill the principle which was adopted in the
Mexican Ivill—the principle which enabled them to
make a sale of the warrant previous to the issuing
of the warrant or the locating of the land under it.
Ari amendment to the third section, which was
proposed by the committee, was adopted yester-
day, introducing words which preclude the sale or
assignment of the warrant; and the amendment
which is now underconsideration—the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia, if I understand it
correctly, is substantially to restore the bill as it
came from the House—to authorize sales to be
made of. these rights previous to the issuing of the
patent. Although the form is somewhat different,
yet 1 understand the principle to be the same. The
form now is simply to issue a certificate that the
r an is entitled to enter upon so much land, and
this paper, which is usually called a warrant, is as-
signable. It goes into the market: it may be found
m Wall street, or wherever speculations are car-
ried on in stocks of any kind; and in this manner,
by this process, it is perfectly certain that people
have been deprived of almost all the rights acquired
under that Mexican law. It is the very evil which
it is intended to remedy, 'l'he Senator says it is
not the same at all. Let us sec how this matter is.
When they can assign the warrants instead of re-
ceiving therr warrants, they receive only what is
called scrip. And what is the scrip? It author-
izes the persons' holding the scrip, or the assignees
of the scrip, to enter land. In other words, It does
precisely what the Mexican bounty land warrants
did; it authorizes the party to go to the land office
and make an entry of land to the quantity called
for by the paper. That is what it did; that is
what this would do. It amounts to precisely the
same thing.
Now, 1 wish to call the attention of the Senate
for a moment to a difficulty which has arisen from
this very course of proceeding, this very provision
of the former bill, which we are now endeavoring
to avoid. When a number of warrants have been
issued, and a warrantor scrip is presented without
an assignment upon it, or a claim without an as-
signment upon it, the department must determine
whether the assignee be the true owner or not.
These cases have become so numerous as to form
quite a class, and to require the special action, if
not of Congress, of the department, to enable
them to avoid frauds. We have had official docu-
ments laid on our table, showing the number of
those warrants and the quantity of lands which
were called for under them. How are we to avoid
frauds if we adopt the same system, or, as pro-
posed by this amendment, one precisely similar?
1 am Surprised that when we have had the expe-
rience which we have had under the Mexican
bounty land bill, and when we have had to pass
some dozen acts here amendatory to that bill, for
the purpose of avoiding the difficulties which have
arisen under it, any membersshould seem disposed
to throw open the door again to frauds of a similar
character. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
to the amendment will not be adopted.
I wish now to say a few words bearing more
particularly on the amendment offered by the com-
mittee. 1 am and was aware of the difficulty to
which the Senator from Virginia refers. We all
know that there are soldiers, and meritorious sol-
dieis, living m eveiy portion of the country, who
fought nobly and deserve well of their country,
who will be entitled here to one hundred and sixty,
eighty, and forty acres of land. The bill was in-
tended to provide for these men. We all feel the
difficulty which these men will have in availing
themselves of this privilege. But, what do the
Government propose to do by this bill ? To give
them lands; not to find purchasers or agents, or to
fix what they shall receive for their lands. The
amendment offered by the committee wasintended
to meet this very difficulty. Here is a soldier in
Virginia entitled to forty acres of land. We know
the difficulties with which he is surrounded, and it
is on that very account, while we wish to avoid
throwing into the market among speculators a
quantity of scrip or warrants assignable as under
former laws, that we at the same time desired,
if we could, to make the warrant as available as
possible to the person who might hold it; and for
that reason the provision was introduced contained
in the amendment under consideration offered by
the committee, which proposes to make payment
out of the Treasury to half the amount of the
value of the land. As 1 understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, the effect of it
will be just'this: to take just so much money from
the Treasury, not, as proposed by the amendment
of the committee, at half the minimum price, but
just so much money as the whole mimimum price
of the public lands at the present time. If this
scrip goes into the market, who will ever purchase
an eighty acre lot of land and pay money ? Of
couf se nobody.
If a man can go into Wall street, or buy from
an agent here or there that which will purchase,
or enable him to enter his eighty acres of land for
$50, assuredly he never will go to the land office
and pay $200 m cash for it; that is perfectly evi-
dent; so that you cut off the stream flowing into
the Treasury, while this law would leave that
money to be received into the Treasury, and only
draw out half the amount. That is the effect,
precisely, of the amendment. The scrip proposed
to be issued will cut off from the Treasury the
proceeds from the sale of these public lands; that
will be the inevitable consequence. The history
of this matter, so far as the public lands are con-
cerned, is uniform with respect to the effects of
land scrip. ' .
The proceeds of the sales of the public lands
last year amounted only to $1,700,000, whereas
the sales of the public lands ought to amount to
$2,500,000 a year. Why do they not amount to
that? it is perfectly evident. Warrants are in the
maiket; speculators buy them and sell them to
persons wanting land, and purchases are made in
warrantsand not in money. Hence it is, that this
stream, coming into the Treasury from the trade
in the public lands, is diminished just exactly in
the ratio in which we throw abroad in the com-
munity this paper equivalent to it. If we issue
scrip, or allow the warrant to be transferred, the
effect is to cut off from the Treasury just the
amount for which the warrants are given. If, on
the other hand, we take the amendment of the
committee, then we enable the person holding
scrip at a fair price to convert it into money, and
to receive more for it than he would if he threw it
into the hands of speculators in stocks, while at
the same time the public interests are likewise
benefited by the amendment of the committee, be-
cause whenever a person receives money instead
of scrip, he receives but half the amount in money
he would do in land.
I hope the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Virginia will not be adopted. It is incon-
sistent with the tenor of the bill as it now stands.
It is inconsistsnt, in my opinion, with the rights
and interests of the country, with the interests
both of the beneficiary and of the Government.
1 have thus expressed my views very briefly on
this matter. The member of the Committee on
Public Lands who has special charge of this bill,
[Mr. Shields,] seems to have relinquished the
idea that the amendment reported by the commit-
tee ought to be adopted. 1 wish to say, for my
part, that I regard it as a matter involving the
public interests, so far as the Treasury is con-
cerned, while at the same time it affords the person
who receives the warrant an opportunity of con-
verting it into money; a convenience to him, and
no injury to the Government.
Mr. COOPER. I can see no prospect of the
passage of this bill this morning, and I shall there-
fore, with a view of going into Executive session
and finishing the business commenced yesterday,
move to postpone the further consideration ofthis
subject until to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let us have a vote first on
this amendment.
Mr. COOPER. If the vote can be taken at once,
I have no objection to withdrawing the motion for
the present.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the pending amendments
shall be voted down, we will try and prepare an
amendment between now and to-morrow which
will perhaps conciliate all parties. Let us, there-
fore, vote down these amendments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The bill cannot be got
through with this morning.
Mr. SHIELDS. We can vote down these two
amendments, and then I will consult with the Sen-
ator from Virginia in regard to another amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am prepared now to vote
down these amendments and every other amend-
ment; believing, as I do, that the fate of the bill
depends upon the adoption of that course.
Mr. SHIELDS. You do not know what
amendment we may offer.
Mr. BRIGHT. We know that the effect of
amending the bill at all will be to send it bark to
the House, and perhaps to raise a question there
which may defeat it. Now, I think the hill is
perfect as it is, and so perfect that I am unwilling
to make any amendments to it which may result
m holding upon its basis any of these Wall
street stock-jobbing operations to which reference
has been made. The object of the bill is to give
land to those men who served their country in
the hour of her trial; and those who do not value
or wish the land, as I remarked before, are not
compelled to take it. If they are subjected to
some inconvenience in their disposition of it, that
is an annoyance incidental to all human transac-
