1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
tions, and one which, if we undertake to guard
against by amendments, will greatly hazard if not
defeat the bill. 1 am as well prepared now to vote
down these amendments as I shall be to-morrow,
and indeed I prefer to vote upon them to-day.
Mr. BADGER. I renew the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill until to-
moirow. Until we see what amendment the Senator
from Illinois will offer, how can we vote under-
standingly on the amendments now pending? I
desire to see what is beyond first, before we dis-
pose of what we have before us.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well: I have no objec-
tion.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until to-morrow was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I now move that the Senate go
into executive session.
THE GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
offer a resolution ?
Mr. COOPER. I have no objection.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the favor of the Senate to
receive a resolution which 1 will send to the Sec-
retary.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate collect and
cau^e to bo printed for the use of the Senate, three hundred
cqpies of all me^sage^ other documents and papers hereto-
fore laid before either House of Congress, and reports of
committees of either llou^e, in relation to the disputed
boundary line between the States of Georgia and Florida,
so arinnging the ?ame that no paper shall be twtce printed
in such collection.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is objected
to, and therefore cannot be received.
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope not, and I propose to
give such explanation as I think will prevent any
objectiqp being1 made.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot hear
any explanation unless the objection is with-
drawn.
Mr. YULEE. From what quarter does it come?
The PRESIDENT. From the Chair himself.
Mr. COOPER. There is no objection, sir, on
thi* side.
Mr. YULEE. I hear of none on this side.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
read again.
The Secretary again read the rosolution.
Mr. YULEE. I will state that the object of
the resolution is simply this: There is a boundary
line controversy pending between Georgia and
Florida, in winch the United States is largely in-
terested, as a land proprietor, and which is about
to £0 before the Supreme Court of the United
Stales. A number of documents have been printed
heie, having reference to this disputed boundary,
but it is found that copies of them are not now to
be obtained for the use of the Court, and the ob-
ject of this resolution is to authorize the reprint of
a sufficient number of copies to be used by the
Court m the adjustment of this case. The prin-
cipal interest, and indeed almost the total interest,
is in the United States, inasmuch as all the Kinds
not sold there, or which do not belong to private
individuals, are the propetty of the United States.
I hooe, therefore, that the resolution may be
adopted.
Mr. PRATT. The statement of the Senator
from Florida involves the proposition that the |
United States are interested m this controversy,
merely because of their proprietorship of a gieat
portion of the public lands within either State.
Mr. YULEE. No, in Florida.
Mr. PRATT. Now, unless the Senator can go
farther, and show that this property of the Uni-
ted States will be worth more or less, just as the
boundary controversy shall be settled in favor of
either of the States, I do not see that he can claim
that the United States has any interest in this con-
troversy.
Mr. YULEE. I will show the Senator.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not de-
batable until the Senate have decided to consider
it which requires unanimous consent.
'Mr. YULEE. Why, sir, I supposed that the
Senate had agreed to consider it, and that it was
now before the body. I will state that the United
States own no public lands in Georgia, and if the
line claimed by Georgia shall be established, the
effect will be to deprive the United States of all its
public lands within the disputed limits; but if it
shall be established as claimed by Florida, the
United States will then be the proprietor of an
immense territory.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
deemed to be now under consideration, if there be
no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. DICKINSON. In regard to the adoption
of this resolution, it seems to me that we had bet-
ter not trouble our book makers unnecessarily,
if it is a case in which the United States is inter-
ested, it seems to me to be the duty of the Attor-
ney General to attend to it. Certainly I cannot
see what the Senate or Congress has to do with
this matter, if it is going to be one of litigation,
even though the United States may be a party to
it. It is a proposition to make another book,
when our printing and binding item will be formi-
dable enough, without traveling beyond the ne-
cessities of the case to increase it.
Mr. PRATT. The proposition now is, after
the explanation of the Senator, that the United
States shall pay for the printing of a record in a
cause depending in the Supreme Court of the
United States between two States of the Union.
Here is a contest in the Supreme Court between
two sovereign States, as they are called, and the
proposition is that a record, which is essential to
the Court in order to determine tuat coniroversy, j
shall be printed at the expense of the General Gov-
ernment. Sir, 1 am prepared to vote on the reso-
lution.
Mr. BERRIEN. -The object of the resolution
is to facilitate the attainment of evidence believed
to be important to settle a question of boundary
And the pending question is on the engrossment
of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN was entitled to the floor* and
addressed the House at length in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill, (in a speech of which a report
will be published in the Appendix.)
The Committee on Patents were unanimously
of opinion (he said) that neither the patentee in
his life, nor his heirs since his death, had been
remunerated for the invention, and wer-e therefore
m favor of some kind of relief, though not all for
this bill. The object which the framers of the
Corstiiution had in view in securing the property
of inventors for a certain number of years, (which'
object was to remunerate them for their services,)
had not in the present case been accomplished.
There weie cases where fourteen years was suffi-
cient to secure that end. In other cases, of which
number the present was one, that time was not
sufficient, for causes relating to the character of the
invention itself.
In the course of^the remarks of Mr. H.,
Mr. BINGHAM interposed and said, that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Harlan] was a
member of the Committee on Patents. He (Mr.
B.) desired to inquire what Jethro Wood did in-
vent?
Mr. HARLAN replied, that Jethro Wood in-
vented the cast-iron plough, known by that name'
in every part of the country.
Mr. BINGHAM inquired whether the gentle-
man claimed for Jethio Wood the invention of. the
material of the "plough of cast-iron?
Mr. HARLAN proceeded to show, fiom the
between two States of this Union; and if it stood ij documents, that it was the cast-iron plough for
upon that ground alone, there would, I appre-
hend, be no objection to encountering the trivial
expense which will be incurred by the printing
three hundred copies of certain documents, the
issue of which is exhausted, and which are deemed
important for the investigation of the question of
title. But, beyond that, the United States has an
interest in this question which makes it desirable
that this matter should be faiily and properly de-
cided. The Generel Government has imagined
the boundary line of Florida to extend further to
the north than the State of Georgia believes it to
which Jethro Wood had a patent.
Mr. BINGHAM said: Mr. Speaker, Jethro
Wood obtained a patent for the construction of a
cast-iron plough, in the year 1817. At us expira-
tion it was extended to him for an additional pe-
riod of fourteen years, by act of Congress, making,
m the whole, twenty-eight years of exclusive mo-
nopoly conferred upon him. This bill proposes
to extend the patent to his heirs for an additional
period of seven years, and to confer upon them
the power " to demand and receive twenty-five
cents for each plough for licenses to construct
do; and under this impression the United States, .ploughs according to said invention." The pe-
■ •' ™ 1   ~ tition upon which the committee who reported this
bill have acted, alleges, that Jethio Wood, of Ca-
yuga county, in the State of New York, instituted,
at a great expense, a series of experiments, for the
purpose of improving the plough; and after devo-
ting six years to the subject, succeeded, in 1819, in
inventing a very useful and valuable instrument;
while Florida was a Territory, sold a portion of
these lands as a part of the Territory of Florida,
and received the money into the Treasury, and a
portion of them still remain unsold. If the de-
cision be in favor of Florida, the United States
will have a title to these unsold lands; but if it be
in favor of Georgia, the United States will be held
to reimburse to The State of Georgia the value of !j that he spent year afrer year in perfecting the
those lands which it has sold. In the language of
♦he lawyers, quacunque via data, she has an inter-
est in this question, and hence she is interested in
having it decided on the fullest evidence.
Mr. EWING. I concur in the opinion that
this printing should be ordered. It is the only
mode, indeed, of getting the evidence for the set-
tlement of this question—and a very important
question it is—in the Supreme Court.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 30, 1850.
The Journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION EILL.
Mr. BAYLY rose, and was recognized by the
Chair.
Mr. B. proceeded to say; I desire to make a
statement to the House, and after I do so, I shall
ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
up one of the bills on the Speaker's table. It is
the Indian bill.
Mr. SVVEETSER, (interposing.) 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] cannot pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. BAYLY resumed his seat.
JETHRO WOOD'S PLOUGH.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the first business in order is the bill for the relief
of the heirs of Jethro Wood.
mould-board, and finally invented " a very deli-
cate and peculiar construction of the mould-board,
which has, during a period of thirty years and
upwards, been confessedly perfect and unexcelled
that he invented a light cast-iron share or cutting
edge, nicely adjusted and fastened to the mould-
board, and the'further improvement of a cast-iron
standard, a cast-iron land-side, and fasteningsof
the handles, the mould-board, the beam,-the
plough-share, and the land-side, so simple, cheap,
and strong, that every one of these improvements
is found in use in " every plough on either side of
the Atlantic."
The committee, in their report accompanying
this bill, say, "that in 1832, Jethro Wood com-
menced experiments in the construction of a cast-
iron plough, and after five years of labor he com-
pleted il.*' The extraoidmaiy assumptions oi tiie
petitioners, the admission of the Committee on
Patents who reported this bill, and a decision
which is said to have been obtained in the circuit
court of the United States, warrant the belief that
it is intended to confer upon these persons the ex-
clusive control and monopoly of the cast-iron plough,
to tax the most important and useful implement of
agriculture, and to lay the four million of farmers
in the United States under tribute for seven years
to the heirs of Jethro Wood. The Constitution of
the United States confers upon Congress the
" power of secuiing, for limited times, to authors
and inventors, the exclusive ri^ht to their respect-
ive writings and discoveries;" and waiving for the
present the question of the propriety or expe-
diency of renewing, by special act, for a second
time, this patent, i propose to examine into the
merits of this claim to originality in the construc-
tion of a cast-iron plough. What did Jethro Wood
invent? What has he done which entitles him,
