1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GkOBE.
Aug. 30.
and his heirs after him, to a contribution from
every farmer in the land, for the next seVen years?
He claims to have invented the making of a plough
of cast-iron. I pronounce that claim entirely un-
founded; and 1 ask the attention of this House to
the authorities' I shall produce.
Here, sir, is the Edinburgh Encyclopaedia, with
the plates5,'which are copied from Rees's Encyclo-
paedia, and published before the year 1800. From
this it appears that in the year 1742, a patent was
granted in Great Britain to James Small, a Scotch-
man, for an improvement in the plough upon
mathematical principles. The mould-board of this
pJoug-h was made of cast'ironl Here are the plates
of this plough, [holding up the book,] to which I
invite an examination, invented more than a hun-
dred years ago. Mr. Small was extensively
engaged in the manufacture of ploughs in Ber-
wickshire, Scotland, for a great number of years;
and we are told that his* ploughs are still consid-
ered a standard for' the elements of good plough-
making, notwithstanding the improvements since
his death, up to the' present day. Jethro Wood
had access, or might have had access, to this book
—access to these plates and drawings. All the
agricultural works of that day gave a minute de-
scription of the cast-iron plough, and this claim to
originality, in making a plough of cast-iroa, is
perfectly absurd.
Mr. Small, who conceived the original idea of
casting the plough, and in giving a more perfect
shape to the mould-board, did not make the share,
orlatid-side, of cast-iron. But the claim of Jethro
Wood to originality in either of those particulars
is equally false "and unfounded. An Inspection of
these plates in the Edinburgh Encyclopedia, shows
that Small's plough had' a cast-iron standard, cast
as part of the mould-board. ' In 1785, Robert Ran-
some, of Ipswich, England, introduced the cast-
iron share or point, and for this important im-
provement he obtained a patent. Soon after that,
it appears that a plain farmer in Suffolk county,
England, by the name of Bright, conceived the idea
of making the bottom of the land side of cast-iron;
this was made with mortices to receive the tenons
of the wood to which it was attached. This was
soon followed up by Mr. Ransome making the
entire plough, standard share, and land-side of
cast-iron. So it will be seen that this invention,
and every part of it, is entirely of English origin,
all brought out to the light of the world in the last
century, and that unless these books are false, un-
less we deny the statements of these agricultural
works, we must pronounce the claim of Jethro
Wood to originality in the construction of the cast-
iion plough, or any part of it, entirely unfounded.
To prevent the rapid wear of the cast-iron exposed
to the friction of the earth, in 1803 Mr. Ransome
invented and took out a patent for cast hardening
the land-side or share, a process which is termed,
in this country, chilling t and which makes the iron
verv hard.
The peculiar shape and construction of the
mould-board of a plough, so that the earth shall
be penetrated with the least resistance, and turned
over in proper form, depend much upon the na-
ture and character of the soil, and is susceptible of
demonstration upon purely mathematical princi-
ples. The attention of learned and scientific men
was directed to the solution of this question long
before Jethro Wood's day. In 1798 Thomas Jef-
ferson, of Virginia, late President of the United
States, who was as much in advance of his time in
the science of agriculture as he was in the science
of government, took up the plough, with a view to
scientific improvement. He invented a mould-board,
an account of which he first gave to the French
Institute, and described minutely in a letter to Sir
John Sinclair, declaring the object which he de-
sired to obtain was " the forming of the mould-
board in such a manner as to turn over the sod
wito the least possible resistance." So it seems
that this claim of Jethro Wood to a " very deli-
cate and peculiar construction of the mould board,"
must yield, like all his other pretensions, to the
scientific investigations of the learned men who
preceded him by many years.
^ But, Mr. Speaker, Jethro Wood is not even en-
titled to the merit of being the first to introduce the
cast-iron plough into the United States. That
honor belongs to Charles Newbold, an ingenious
farmer of Burlington, New Jersey, who, as early
as 1796, made and used the cast-iron plough, which
he patented in 1797. From the transactions of the
society of New York for the promotion of agri-
culture, which was published in 1801, it appears
that cast-iron ploughs were kept for sale by Mr.
PeterT. Curtenius, in the city of New York, in the
year 1800, which were highly approved. In the
year 1807 Mr. Peacock, of New Jersey, improved
and patented a cast-iron plough, which was exten-
sively used in New York and New Jersey. In
1808 Richard B. Chenowith,of Maryland,patented
a plough of cast-iron, which was introduced into
general use. And the records of the Patent Office
show that twenty five ploughs were patented prior
to the date of Jethro Wood's patent in 1814. On the
10th day of August of the present year, 1 have the
statement of the Commissioner that three hundred
and fifty-nine patents had been granted for ploughs.
Of those three hundred and fifty-nine men many
of them have devoted more time, and labor, and
money, and scientific investigation, to the improve-
ment of the plough than did Jethro Wood.
In the transactions of the New York State Ag-
ricultural Society for 1846, is an able article upon
"The improvement of the plough in the United
States,'* to the author of which, Mr. A. B. Allen,
who was formerly a scientific and practical agri-
culturist near the city of Buffalo, and now the
editor of an agricultural journal in the city of New
York, I am indebted for many of the facts which
i I have stated. In this article the author refers
particularly to Edwin A. Stevens, of Hoboken,
New Jersey, who devoted years to its improve-
ment. He continued experimenting until he suc-
ceeded in making a plough so perfect in its shape
as to offer the least possible resistance, and capa-
ble of being propelled by the least motive power.
He took his idea of a cast-iron plough from Mr.
Newbold's invention, and he was the first in this
country to make use of the process of cold chilling
for the base of the land-side and lower edge of the
share, which greatly increases their durability, and
is,fin important improveo?f.ntr for the farmer. Mr.
Davis, of the District of Columbia, Mr. Bergen, of
Long Island, in New York, and Mr. Nourse, of
Massachusetts, are also particularly mentioned as
entitled to praise, for having introduced improve-
ments in the cast-iron plough for particular soils
and particular purposes, and I also take pleasure in
adding, that seveial valuable and important im-
provements have been made by citizans of Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, and other western States, in
adapting the plough to their peculiar soils and
localities. But, Mr. Speaker, these inventions of
the last century, and these patents for improve-
ments, have all expired, and the cast-iron plough
has oecome the common property of the world.
The plough of the present day is a combination of
improvements of hundieds of men, each entitled to
more or less credit for furnishing facilities for their,
introduction into the various portions of the coun-
try, and for their being brought into general use.
This bill proposes to single out a particular in-
dividual from amongst a great number of public
benefactors, and to confer peculiar privileges v^hich
are granted to no others. It proposes to restrain
the free use of the plough. It proposes to send the
tax-gatherer throughout the length and breadth of
the land, for the next seven years. It proposes to
give the heirs of Jethro Wood the power to plunder
the people, to harass them, tojinvolve them in liti-
gation, and to wrest from their hard earnings mil-
lions of money. Ploughs are now manufactured
with great facility, with great cheapness, and in
great quantities. I have entered into a correspond-
ence with various plough manufacturers in Balti-
more, New York, Massachusetts, and Michigan,
as to the number of ploughs annually manufactured
m the United States, and they •oncur in the opin-
ion that not less than two millions in number are
annually produced. From the city of New York
alone fifty thousand are annually sent into the
southern Slates, and I am told that many of the
southern planters purchase from fifty to one hun-
dred every year. In the State of Michigan, where
it is believed more land is cultivated in proportion
to the population than any other State or portion
of the globe, it is estimated that fifty thousand are
annually manufactured and sold. The prices of
ploughs which, while monopolies existed, were
from ten to twenty dollars each, are now reduced
to from two to five or six dollars, and they are con-
stantly becoming cheaper.
Sir, the tax of a quarter of a dollar upon each
plough which this bill proposes to levy, would be
enormous. Reducing the estimate one half, and
taking the number one million a year, a quarter
of a dollar each, imposes upon the earnings of
agriculture, the annual sum of two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, and,in seven year's, the sum
of one million seven' hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, estimating the number of ploughs at two
millions annually, and you have in seven years an
aggregate of three millions and a half of dollars.
Sir, is it any wonder that' these beautiful and in-
teresting young ladies, the heirs of Jethro Wood,
should have thronged the Halls of Congress for
the last three years? Is it any wonder that they
should have sought, in private interviews with
every member of this House, an opportunity to
tell their pitious tale, and to implore, only as a
woman can implore, the support of every member
to this extraordinary bill ? Is it any wonder that
the bachelor members of this House should have
become deeply interested in favor of its passage?
All this may not be a matter of wonder. But to
me it is a matter of surprise, that the Committe
on Patents in this House, like the unjust judge
in the Scripture, should have listened to the impor-
tunities of these women, and instead of investiga-
ting the merits of this claim, have consented to
report a bill, which, if it become a law, will in-
volve my constituents and the country in conse-
quences of the most serious detriment and disas-
ter. Sir, if instead of bestowing a willing and
credulous ear to their urgent and pertinacious so-
licitations, they had examined the files of the Pat-
ent Office, they would have there found the writ-
ten opinion of Edmund Burke, late Commissioner
of Patents, which 1 am sure, to any unprejudiced
mind, would be satisfactory and conclusive against
the merits of this claim. I have procured a copy
of that opinion, which I ask to have read for the
information of this House and of the country.
United States Patent Office,
February 5, 1848.
' -Sir: I have received your letter of the 31 t ultimo, re-
questing my views in relation to the patent o( Je thro Wood,
fora cast-iron plough, and suih facts respecting u as I may
deem important in reference to their bearing upon the bill,
now before Congress, tor its extension; and 111 reply I have
the honor to state—
That the patentee and his legal representatives have al-
ready had the benefit of a term of twenty-eight years, the
patent having been originally granted for the term of four-
teen years, and extended for another term of equal dura-
tion, making twenty-eight years m the whole. If the in-
vention of Mr. Wood has any met it, it would seem that
twenty-eight years would be ample tune to enable the in-
ventor to remunerate himself, and make a handsome profit
upon his invention ; and especially should lie have thus re-
warded himself by the enjoyment of the exclusive monop-
oly of the sale of an implement so simple as the plough, of
such universal demand, and of bueh comparatively cheap
construction.
I witl'next inquire into thf actual merits of Mr. Wood's
invention. It has been very generally represented (audi
once labored under that impression) that Jethro Wood was
the inventor of the cast-iron plough, and had thfrefore
made a ladical and most valuable change in the material of
which that agricultural implement was constructed. This
i-; not, however, the fact Ploughs were constructed of cast-
iron long before Mr. Wood's invention. Even so lar back
a-]764, can-iron ploughs were made in Scotland. It was
called the li Scotch plough," and was invented by a man
by ihe name of Small. It is'described in Loud m's E, cy-
clopedia of Agriculture, paragraph 2600. In speaking of
Small's plough, Mr. Loudon says: "This ingenious me-
chanic formed the mould-board upon distinct and intelligible
principles, and ajterivards made it of cast-ironHe
tinthersays, that Small's plough was alterwards varied a
little in some pails of Scotland, and he adds, that since
lt>10, u (hi* plough. has heen very generally made entirely of
iron." Thus it appears that Mi. Wood has no just claim
to the original invention of the cast-iron plough, it having
been constructed of that material, in part or in whole, more
than half a century before the invention of Iih plough.
It should be remembered, that there is much confusion
in the specification and claims ot Mr. Wood's patent, but
he appears to have claimed the original use of east iron m
the construction of his plou h, and also to have constiucted
his mould-boaid upon mathematical principles.
The tonn ol his mould boaid seems al.>o not to have been
new. Loudon, in the 2599111 paragiaph ot the work before
quoted, says that a person by the name of Lummi^ "rirst
attempted its construction upon mathematical pnnciples>
which he learned in Holland," but, alter obtaining his
patent, he kept a knowledge of those principles from the
public. Afterwuids one Pochley, having a knowledge of
tho<e primciples, constiucted upon them a vast number of
ploughs.
In continuing his comments upon ploughs constructed on
mathematical principles Loudon copies the tollowmgfioni
the u Communications to the Board oj Jlgriculture, vol. 6,
rage 437:" " At length the Americans having obtained a
c knowledge of those piinciples either from Britain or Hol-
< land, claimed the ptiority of invention, in consequence of
1 which President Jefferson of the United States presented
4 the principles tor the construction of a mould-board, fir^tto
' the Institute of France, and next to the Ooard ot Agricul-
4 ture in England, as a wonderful discovery in imithumitics !"
Now, as mathematical principles cannot vary, the ploughs
above- men tioned, constructed on those pri nci pies, must have
been the same as that claimed by Mr. Wood. And inas-
