1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
son, surviving partner of Lambert & Dickson,
then came up on the question of engrossment.
Mr. JONES and Mr. HALL called for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill having been read,
The reading of' the report was called for, and it
was read.
THE CHARGE AGAINST THE SPEAKER.
Mr. HOLMES, from the select committee,
heretofore appointed to investigate certain charges
against the Speaker of the House, made a report.
Mr. H. said that, as the report was in many
detached parts, he would, to avoid confusion, pio-
ceed to read it himself.
Mr. H. then ascended the Clerk's desk, and
the report was read m part by Mr. Holmes, and
in part by Mr. Vinton, as follows:
The select committee appointed in pursuance
of a resolution of the House, to investigate the
charges made by the Hon. Preston King, a
member of the House, against the Hon. Howell
Cobb, the Speaker of the House, have proceeded
to execute the order of the House, and now beg
leave to report:
That they have taken the testimony of all such
witnesses as either of the above-named gentlemen
desired to be examined. They have also ex-
amined both of the honorable gentlemen, touching
the subject-matter of the investigation; all of
which testimony is submitted with this report.
The charge made by Mr. King is in these words:
"I charge that the journal of the House has been muti-
lated by erasing a motion that I did make, and substituting,
by interlineation, one that I did not make, on the journal
of the 13th mutant. My motion was to close debate on the
' California bill.' These woids are changed, and < mes-
sage> substituted."
The testimony shows that the motion of Mr.
King was submitted verbally, and that there was
great indistinctness on the minds of all, as to the
precise words used by him. Without waiting for
the motion to be stated by the Chair, he moved to
lay it on the table. Some conversation arising,
the Speaker requested him to reduce his motion to
writing. By the rule of the House, every motion
must be reduced to writing before the question is
put upon it, if the Speaker or any member require
it. The object of this rule is, to avoid mistakes
and misapprehensions', and if the rule, in this in-
stance, had been observed, all mistake and misap-
prehension would have been avoided. Instead,
however, of reducing the motion to writing, and
causing it to be read aloud by the Clerk before
the question was stated by the Speaker, Mr.
King did what is done almost daily—he re-
quested the Clerk to write out his motion m the
usual form. This was silently acquiesced in by
the House; and without waiting for the motion to
be reduced to writing, or read, the question was
put upon laying the motion on the table, which
was carried in the affirmative. .
After the motion had been disposed of by a vote
of the House, an assistant clerk reduced it to wri-
ting in the form set forth in the testimony. This
he^ditl ill the form he thought would accomplish
Mr. Kikc's object; but did not show it to Mr.
King, nor did Mr. King ask to see it. Here it is
proper to state, that Mr. King understood his mo-
tion to apply exclusively to the bill offered in the
Committee oftheWholeon the state of the Union,
by the Hon. Mr. Doty, for the admission of
California as a State; which bill ,had been offered
by him while'the subject of the President's rnes-
Sdge, transmitting to the House the constitution
of Csiliiorma, was under consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
In other words, Mr. King understood his motion
to be, a motion to stop debate in committee on
Mr. Doty's bill; the Speaker, however, under-
stood it to be a motion to stop debate on the Cali-
fornia message, which would have the effect to
close debate on the bill also, and bring the com-
mittee to a vote on it, as the first pending question
or proposition incident to the message.
There was no communication on the subject
between the Speaker and Mr. King, after the mo-
tion was reduced to writing; and neither was
aware tiiat it was understood differently by the
oth"r As Mr. King understood the motion, it
was not in order, and could not have been enter-
tained by the Chair; and the committee have no
doubt that if the motion had been reduced to wri-
ting, and read aloud, according to the rule, before
the question was stated by the Chair, the Speaker
would have declared it out of order. As the motion
was understood by the Speaker, it was in order,
and was properly entertained by him. By an ex-
press rule of the House, it is made the duty of
the Speaker to examine and correct the journal
before it is read to the House; it is then read to
the House, for correction by the House itself.
Immediately after the motion had been laid on
the table, the Speaker directed the clerk who
usually makes up the journal, to enter it in ac-
cordance with his understanding, as above ex-
plained. The journal of that day was, however,
made up by another clerk, who had not heard the
directions given by the Speaker, and who made
the entry in the form in which it appeared before
the erasures. The entry thus made was that even-
ing examined by the journalizing clerk, to whom
the direction had been given, as aforesaid, by the
Speaker, who, perceiving that it did not conform
to the directions which he had received from the
Speaker, caused the alterations to be made so as
to make it conform to those directions—which
alterations now appear on the face of the journal,
and constitute the subject of this investigation.
On the following morning, as is usual before the
meeting of the House, the journal was examined
by the Speaker for correction, and these alterations
thus made, as above described, were by him ap-
proved.
The journal thus corrected, was publicly read to
the House, and no objection was made to the en-
try. In the opinion of the committee, this was not
a mutilation of the journal, but a proper correction
of it, under the authority of the Speaker, in dis-
charge of a duty imposed upon linn by the rules
of the House. In approving this correction, he
did his duty, and no more than his duty. Your
committee, therefore, unanimously propose the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the foregoing report be adopted by the
House, and be entered on the journal, and that the com-
mittee be dischaiged fiom the further coiisideianon ot the
subject.
I. E. HOLMES,
SAMUEL F. VINTON,
LINN 13<>YD,
JA VIES DUANE DOTY,
ALEXANDER II. STEPHENS,
WILLIAM STRONG,
M. P. GENTRY,
W. A. RICHARDSON.
The report and resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER put the question on the resolu-
tion,
And it was adopted unanimously.
On motion by Mr. STRONG-, the report was
ordered to be printed.
And then the House adjourned until twelve
o'clock on Monday next.
isynces of bills.
By Mr. INGE: A bill to establish an armory and foundry
in the State of Alabama.
13y Mr. WELLBORN: A bill to provide for the pa}ment
of mteiest upon advances made by the State, of Georgia, /or
the use of the United States Government, in the suppression
of the hostilities ot the Ciefk, Seminole, and Cheiokee In-
diana, in the yours 1^35, lS3t>, 18U7, and ld38.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HAMPTON: Three petitions, signed by more
than one hundred citizens of Pittsburg, piajingfor the erec-
tion of a custom-hou^e and other public buildings in said
city.
By Mr. BURROWS : The petitiou ot Reuben il,lines and
others, citizens of Oilcan.- county, New Vork, ugnnut the
admission of more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of citizens ot the county of Orleans,
New York, for the establisnment and protection of freedom,
in the teiiuoucsofthe United State*.
Also, the petition ot citizens of the county of Orleans,
New Yoik, for Hie repeal ol ail law*, enacted or adopu d by
Congress*, i'oi the support of slaver} m the Distuet of Oo-
iilinhm.
Also, the petition of citizens of the county of Orleans,
hew \ oik, to secure to alleged fugitives the right of trial
byjury.
By Mr. WILMOT: The petition, signed by 24 citizens
of Wy^ex, Biadtord county, Pennsylvania, praying that
siaveiy and the slave-tiade may be p ohibtled, by act of
Congress, m all the territories of the United States.
Also, a petition of the same citizens, praying that no
State be hereaftei admitted into the Union, unless siaveiy
be piohibited by the constitution of f-aid State.
Also, a petition signed by 48eiiizens of Grt.it Bend, Sus-
quehanna, Pennsylvania, pia\ mg thatshiveiy and the slave-
trade be prohibited, by act of Congress, in all the terntoues
of the United States
Also, a petition of the same citizens, praving that no
State be hereafter admitted into the Unum, unless slavery
be piohibited by the constitution of &aui Stale.
Also, a petition of the same citizens, praying that slavery
and the slave-trade be abolished in the District ot Colum-
bia. or in default thereof, that the capital he removed.
Also, a petition of the same citizens, praying that the
right of trial by jury be secured to persons claimed as fugi-
tives horn labor.
Also, a petition signed by 17 citizens of Chicago, Illinois,
praying that slavery and the slave-trade be abolished in the
District of Columbia, or in default thereof, that the capital
be removed.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of 149 citizens of Slowe,
Vermont, piaymg for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 150 citizens of the same place, against
the extension ot slavery to our territories.
Also, the petition of 145 citizens of the same place, against
the admission of any more slave States.
Al&o, the petition of 148 citizens of the same place, in
favor of giving jury trials, to fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition ol 25 citizens of the same place, asking
a redaction of postage.
Aho, the petition of D. P. Gookin and others, citizens of
Caledonia county, Vermont, for redu' uon of postage.
By Mr. LJTTLEFIEL1): The peiition of Allen Lincoln
and 80 otheis, citizens of Gray, Maine, for a reduction of the
rates of postage.
Also, the lemonstrance of Joseph Walker, jr., and 100
others, citizens of Westbrooke, Maine, against the renewal
of the Woodworth patent-right.
Also, resolutions of a public meeting held at Gray, Maine,
on the subject of siaveiy in the territories.
By Mr. MEACHAM: The petitions of the electors of
Poultney, Veuuont, viz.
To secure freedom in the territories of the United States ;
To give fugitive slaves trial by jury;
To repeal all Jaws authorizing siaveiy in the District of
Columbia; and
Against the admission of more slave States.
By Mr. OTIS: The petition of Asa Smiley and 210 citi-
zens of Sidney, Maine, that an act he passed establishing
a uniform rate of postage, not exceeding one cent on news-
papers, and not excecdmg two cents ou prepaid letters of
half an ounce.
ALo, the petition of Henry K. Fmham and 51 citizens
of Wmslow, Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of Timothy Boulette and 90 citizens ot
Wateivilie, Maine, lor the same.
Also, the petition of William Baitlttte and 200 citizens
of Maine, lor the s>ame.
Also, the petion of Samuel Watts and 75 other citizens of
Hallowell, Maine, for the same.
Also the petition of E. G. Daily and 37 other citzens of
Winthrop, Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of Justice Ersline and 90 other citizens
ofMontville, Maine, for the same.
Also, the petition of the President, other officers, and
members of the Kennebec Agricultural Society, of Maine,
asking the establishment ot an Agiu ultuial bureau, agreeably
to the recommendation of Washington, and of President
Tavlor in his late message.
Also, the petition of Daniel Carr and 47 other citizens of
Wmthiop, Maine, asking the trial by juiy for any per&on
taken up a=a tugitive slave.
Also, the pet.tion of the same, for the repeal of all laws
! sanctioning slavery in the District of Columbia, or to have
the sent of Government removed.
Also, the petition of the same, that slavery and ihe slave
trade be prohibited in the territories.
Also, the petition of thse ame, that no State be admitted
into the Union unless the constitution of such State ex-
pressly prohihjbits slavery.
By Mi. REED; The petition of Ebenezer McLane and
others, citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, play-
ing the establishment of an Agricultural bureau.
By Mr. SWEETSER: A petition of citizens of Licking
and Delaware counties, for a mail-route from Newark, Lick-
ing county, to Sunbury, Delaware county, via Chatham,
Sylvania, Appleton, and Croton, in Licking county, and
Trenton, in Delaware county.
By Mr, ROBBINS: A petition signed by John Naylec and
son, and 26 others, citizens of the county of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, asking for the repeal of the act of Congress,
1 passed February 2d, 1845, extending for seven years from
December, 1849, to the h«irs ol Wilham Woodworth, the
right secured to him m 1828, under the patent laws ot the
United States, in'regard to a planing machine.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition of O. C. CoriMoek and
other citizens ot Michigan, for the publication ot agncultural
tiacts.
Also, the petition of R. W. Cole ami othcis, for a mail-
route in Kent and Ionia counties, Michigan,
Also, the petition of E. n. Bartlett and ot>ier teachers pud
student^ ol the Oiivet Institute, Eaton county, Michigan, for
cheap postage.
AI>o. the petition of F Pah and others, citizens of School-
craft. Michigan, for cheap postage.
AI o, the petition of A. J. Sheldon and others, citizens of
Michigan, fot an appropriation 10 unpiove the harbor at the
month of Kalamazoo river, Michigan.
By Mi. CROWELL : The petition of C. S. Mygalt, E.
Newton, and others,citizens of Canfield, Mahoning county,
01uo.pi«i\ nig Congie-s to make an appropriation for removing
obstruction^ to navigation at the head ot Sandusky bay.
: HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
| Monday, Jlpril 1, 1850.
! The House was called to order at twelve o'clock,
: m., by the Speaker, [Mr. Cobb.]
I After prayer by the Chaplain of the House,
| The Journal was tead.
j jVir. STRONG rose to a correction of the Jour-
! nal, and called attention to the fact, that no notice
j was taken upon the record of the motion which
i had been made (on Friday) to print the report
