1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
the school-houses in the valleys, in the churchcs
that rise with their spires from the hill-top, in the
clear sunshine of heaven. The music of that
triumph is not heard in the clangor of the trum-
pet and the rolling of the drum, but swells from
the clang of the anvil, and the tones of the water-
wheel, and the cadence of the mill-stream, that
rolls down for the benefit of the poor red man.
Sir, he paused not in his career of usefulness;
he was transferred, by the votes of a grateful peo-
ple, to the chair of the second officer of the Gov-
ernment. There he presided with a firmness, an
impartiality, with a gentleness, with a dignity,
that all admired. And yet it is not given unto
man to pass unscathed the fiery furnace of this
world. While presiding over that body of am-
bassadors from sovereign States—while regulating
their councils—the tongue of calumny assailed
him, and accused him,of official corruption in the
Riprap contract. Indignantly he left the chair,
demanded of the Senators an immediate investi-
gation by a committee, and came out of the trial
like gold refined in the furnace. Prom that time,
to the day that terminated his life, no man dared
to breathe aught against the spotless purity of his
character.
But while in that chair, Mr. Calhoun perceived
that there was arising a great and mighty influence
to overshadow a portion of this land. From a
patriotic devotion to his country, he consented on
this floor, in 1816, upon the reduction of the war
duties, to a gradual diminution of the burdens,
and thus saved the manufacturers from annihila-
tion. But that interest, then a mere stripling,
weak, and requiring nurture, fostered by this ali-
ment, soon increased in strength, and became po-
tent, growing with a giant's growth, and attained
a giant's might, and was inclined tyrannously to
use it as a giant. He at once resigned his seat,
gave up his dignified position, mingled in the strifes
of the arena, sounded the tocsin of alarm, waited
up the attention of the South, himself no less
active than those whom he thus aroused, and at
length advised his own State, heedless of danger,
to throw herself into the breach for the protection
of that sacred Constitution, whose every precept
he had imbibed, whose every condition he had
admired. Sir, although hostile fleets floated in
our waters, and armies threatened our cities, he
quailed not; and at length the pleasing realization
came to him and to the country, like balm to the
wounded feelings, and by a generous compromise
on all parts, the people of the South were freed
from onerous taxation, and the North yet left to
enjoy the fruits of her industry, and to progress m
her glorious advancement in all that is virtuous
in industry and elevated in sentiment.
But he limited not his scope to our domestic
horizon. He looked abroad at our relations with
the nations. He saw our increase of "Strength.
He measured our resources, and was willing at
once to settle all our difficulties with foreign
Powers on a permanent basis. With Britain we had
causes of contention, of deep and long standing.
He resolved, if the powers of his- intellect could
avail aught before he departed hence, that these
questions should be settled for a nation's honor
and a nation's safety. He faltered not* I know
(for I was present) that when the Ashburton
treaty was about to he made—when there were
apprehensions in the Cabinet that it would not be
sanctioned by the Senate—a member of that Cabi-
net called to consult Mr. Calhoun, and to ask if
he would give to it his generous support. The
reply at that moment of Mr. Calhoun was emi-
nently satisfactory, and its annunciation to the
Cabinet gave assurance to the distinguished Secre-
tary of Stale, who so eminently had conducted
this important negotiation. He at once con-
sidered the work as finished; for it is the union
of action in the intellectual, as in the physical
world, that moves the spheres into harmony.
When that treaty was before the Senate, it was
considered in secret session; and 1'never shall for-
get that sitting upon yonder side of the House,
the'colleague of Mr. Calhoun—who at that time
was not on social terms with him—my friend, the
honorable Mr. Preston, whose heart throbbed
with an enthusiastic love of all thai is elevated,
left his seat m the Senate, and came to my seat
in the House, saying, 1 must give vent to my feel-
ings- Mr. Calhoun has made a speech which
has settled the question of the northeastern bound
ory All his friends—nay, all the Senators—have
collected around to congratulate him, ant} I have
come out to express my emotions, and declare
that he has covered himself with a mantle of glory.
Sir, afcer a while he retired from Congress; but
the unfortunate accident on board the Prince-
ton, which deprived Virginia of two of her most
gifted sons, members of the Cabinet, immediately
suggested the recall of Mr. Calhoun from his re-
tirement in private life, and the shades of his own
domicil, to aid the country in a great exigency.
His nomination, as Secretaiy of Slate, was sent to
the Senate, and, without reference to a committee,
was unanimously confirmed. Sir, when he ar-
rived here, he perceived that the southern country
was in imminent peril, and that the arts and in-
trigues of Great Britain were about to wrest from
us that imperial territory which is now the State of
Texas. By his wisdom, and the exercise of his
great administrative talents, the intrigues of Great
Britain were defeated,and that portion of the sunny
South was soon annexed to this Republic.
With the commencement of Mr. Polk's ad-
ministration, he retired once more from public life,
but he retired voluntarily. Mr. Buchanan (for I
might as well relate the fact) called upon me, took
me to the embrasure of one of those windows,
and said: " I am to be Secretary of State; the Presi-
* dentappreciatesthehigh talentsofMr. Calhoun,
' and considers the country now encircled by dan-
' ger upon the Oregon question. Go to Mr. Cal-
' houn, and tender to him the mission to the Court
1 of St. James—special or general, as he may de-
' termine—with a transfer of the Oregon question
' entirely to his charge "
Never can I forget how the muscles of his face
became tense, how his great eye rolled, as he re-
ceived the terms of the proposal. "No, sir—no,
( (he replied.) If the embassies of all Europe were
' clustered into one, 1 would not take it at this
' time; my country is in danger; here ought to be
( the negotiation, and here will 1 stand." Sir, he
retired to his farm; but the President, in his inau-
gural, had indicated so strongly his assertion of
the entirety of the Oregon treaty—had inspirited
the people of the West almost to madness, and in
like manner had dispirited the merchants of the
East, and of the North and South, that a presenti-
ment of great dangers stole over the hearts of the
people, and a war seemed inevitable with the
greatest naval Power of the earth. Impelled by
their apprehensions, the merchants sent a message
to Mr. Calhoun, and begged him again to return
to the councils of the nation. His predecessor
generously resigned. He came, and when he
came, though late, he beheld dismay on the coun-
tenances of all. There was a triumphant majority,
in both parts of this Capitol, of the Democratic
party, who, with a few exceptions, were for carry-
ing out the measures of Mr. Polk. The Whigs,
finding that they were too few to stem the current,
refused to breast themselves to the shock. Bat
when Mr. Calhoun announced on the floor of the
Senate, the day after his arrival, his firm determin-
ation to resist and save from the madness of the
hour, this great country, they immediately rallied,
and soon his friends in this House, and in the
Senate, gathered around him, and the country was
safe. Reason triumphed, and the Republic was
relieved of the calamities of war. This was the
last great work he ever consummated.
But he saw other evils; he beheld this Repub-
lic about to lose its poise from a derangement of
its weigh(3 and levers; he was anxious to adjust
the balance,and to restore the equilibrium; he ex-
ercised his mind for that purpose; he loved this
Union, for I luxve often heaid hirn breathe out
that love; he loved the equality of the States, be-
cause he knew that upon that equality rested the
stability of the Government; he admired that com-
pact—the Constitution of our fathers—and es-
teemed it as a great covenant between sovereign
States, which, if properly observed, would make
us the chosen people of the world.
At length the acting of the spirit chafed the
frail tenement of mortality, and to the eye of his
friends, the tide of life began to ebb; but, sir, with
an undying confidence in his powers; with a con-
sciousness of the dangers which encircled his
physical nature, 'out without regard to his own
sufferings m the solitudes of disease, unable even
to hold a pen, he dictated his last great speech.
That speech has gone forth to the world, and the
judgment of that world will now impartially be
stamped upon it.
Sir, when his health began gradually to recover,
his spirit impelled him, against the advice of his
friends, into the Senate Chamber; and there, with
a manliness of purpose, with a decision of tone,
with a clearness of argument, with a rapidity
of thought, he met and overthrew his antagonists
one by one, as they came up to the attack. But
weakened by the strife, although he retired victo-
rious and encircled with a laurel wreath, he fell ex-
hausted by his own efforts, and soon expired on
the plains. And now where is he? Dead, dead,
sir; lost to his country and his friends.
« For him no more the blazing hearth shall burn"—
nor wife nor children more shall he behold,
nor sacred home. But he shall shortly rest amid
his own native hills, with no dirge but the rude
music of the winds, and after a while, no tears to
moisten his grave but the dews of Heaven.
Though dead he still liveth; he liveth in the
hearts of his friends, in the memory of his ser-
vices, in the respect of the States, in the affections—
the devoted affections of that household he cher-
ished. He will live in the tomes of Time, as they
shall unfold their pages, rich with virtues, to the
eyes ofthe yet unborn. He lives, and will continue
to live, for countless ages, in the advance of that
science to which, by his intellect, he so much con-
tributed, in the disenthralment of man from the
restrictions of Government., in the freedom of
intercourse of nations, and kindreds, and tongues,
which makes our common mother earth throw
from her lap her bounteous plenty unto all her
children. And it may be, that with the example
set to other nations, there shall arise a union of
thought and sentiment, and that the strong ties of
interest, and the silken cords of love, may unite the
hearts of all, until, from the continents and the isles
of the sea, there will come up the gratulation of
voices, that shall mingle with the choral song of the
angelic host—u Peace on earth*, good will to all
mankind."
I move, sir, the adoption of the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard, with deep sensi-
bility, the announcement of the death of the Hon. John C.
Calhoun, a Senator 111 Congress Irom the SlHie of South
CiMOilllll.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the memory
of the deceased, tlie members *nd othcers of ihis House
will wear the a-ual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House, m relation
to the death ot the Hon. John 0. Calhoun, be communi-
cated tr> the family of the deceased by the (Jerk.
Resolved, That this House will attend the funeral of the
deceas* d in a body, and as a fui ther mark ol respect tor his
rnemoiy, that it do now adjourn.
Mr. W1NTHR0P rose to second the resolution
offered by Mr. Holmes, and proceeded as follows:
I am not unaware, Mr. Speaker, that the voice of
New England has already been heard to-day, in
its most authentic and most impressive tones, in
the other wing of this Capitol. But it has been
suggested to me, and the suggestion has met with
the promptest assent from my own heart, that here,
also, that voice should not be altogether mute on
this occasion.
The distinguished person, whose death has been
announced to us in the resolutions of the Senate,
belonged not, indeed, to us. It is not ours to pro-
nounce his euiogy. It is not ours, certainly, to
appropriate his fame. But it is ours, to bear wit-
ness to his character, to do justice to his virtues, to
unite m paying honor to his memory, and to offer
our heart-felt sympathies—as I now do—to those
who have been called to sustain so great a bereave-
ment.
We have been told, sir, by more than one
adventurous navigator, that it was worth all the
privations and penis of a protractcd voyage be-
yond the line, to obtain even a passing view of
Ike Southern Cross—that great constellation of the
Nouthern hemisphere. We can imagine, then,
what would be the emotions of those who have
always enjoyed the light of that magnificent lu-
minary, and who have taken their daily and their
nightly direction from its refulgent rays, if it were
suddenly blotted out from the sky.
Such, sir, and so deep, I can conceive to be the
emotions at this hour, of not a few of the honored
friends and associates whom I see around me.
Indeed, no one who has been ever so distant an
observer of the course of public affairs for a quar-
ter of a century past, can fail to realize that a star
of the first magnitude has been struck from our
political firmament. Let us hope, sir, that it has
only been transferred to a higher and purer sphere,
