1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171?
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlugust 30, 1850.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of certain
citwens of Harford county, in the State of Mary-
Sand, asking Che adoption of the most stringent
measures to prevent the escape of slaves into free
States; and the dismissal of officers of the General
Government found aiding or abetting in any way
in said escapes. The'memorial brings to the at-
tention of Congress the fact of a free negro's
liouse in Pennsylvania being made the receptacle
for runaway slaves, from whence they are run off
into the interior, and there secreted and sustained
by Abolitionists and free negroes; that a postmas-
ter by the name of Brown, in the village of Shrews-
bury, in the county of York, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, did attempt the rescue of certain captured
, slaves, and actually succeeded in cutting the rope
that bound them, and in liberating two of their
Slumber. It asks that the Postmaster General
should promptly dismiss, with ignominy, the said
Brown from his present employ, and that he be
■declared forever after incapable of holding any
office of honor, trust, or emolument under the Gen-
eral Government. The memorialists aiso ask that
a body of armed men may be organized and sta-
tioned at the several locations affording the
greatest facilities for escape; and that a law be
also passed to the effeft that any free negro in the
District of Columbia found aiding or abetting m
any manner the escape of slaves, shall be sold out
of said District for a term of not less than ten nor
more than twenty years.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition from citisens
of Pennsylvania in relation to the basis of slave
representation; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
CORRECTIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON took occasion to correct an
error of a telegraphic reporter for a distant paper,
in relation to his course on the resolution submit-
ted a few days since by Mr. Davis, of Massachu-
setts, on the subject of the service of mail steamers.
He was reported to have opposed the resolution,
whereas, while *e considered it unnecessary, he
stated, when the resolution was under counsidera-
tion, that he was willing it should pass if its mover
desired it.
Mr. BRADBURY also corrected errors into
which the reporters of the Intelligencer and Union
had fallen in reporting remarks which he made
yesterday and on a previous occasion. In the
former he was reported to have spoken of the " col-
lateral" instead of the " General" Government, in
the course of some observations on the Military
Academy bill, to show the necessity of a dimin-
ished expenditure by this Government, inasmuch
as the States perform much of the ordinary duties j
of Government. |
Again, the honorable Senator corrected an ob-
scurity of expression in his statement that while
the expenses of the General Government were but
$14,000,000 in 1830, or but little more than & dol-
lar a head for the population of that period, the
appropriations now asked for were $45,000,000,
which was more than double the proportionate
share of each inhabitant, at the earlier period
which he specified.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on For-
eisn Relations, to which was referred the memo-
rial of G. T. Howard, asking compensation as
bearer of dispatches from Texas to the United
States with documents in relation to the annexa-
tion of Texas, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Anne de Neufville Evans, submitted a
report, which was ordered to be printed, accompa-
nied by a joint resolution in relation to the ac-
counts of John de Neufville and Son; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
BILL PASSED.
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy, for the year ending the
30th day of June, 1851, was read a third time, as
amended, and passed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS IN MISSOURI.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Senate bill No. 252,
being the bill to grant to the State of Missouri a
certain quantity of public lands for objects of in-
ternal improvement, which, added to the quantity
heretofore granted to that State for that purpose,
shall make it equal to the quantity heretofore
granted to any other State for the same purpose.
Also, on motion by Mr. B., the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed until Tuesday
next, and made the special order for that day at
one o'clock.
FEES OP CLERKS, MARSHALS, &C.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Senate bill No. 33,
being the bill to regulate the fees and costs to be
allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys for the
circuit and district courts of the United States, and
for other purposes.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, it was ordered
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Wednesday, and that it be made the
special order for that day at one o'clock.
INDIANA RAILROADS.
Or motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 290, being the
bill granting the right of wny and making- a grant
of land to the State of Indiana, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point in the bound"
ary line between Indiana and Illinois, near its
intersection with Lake Michigan, to the city of
Indianapolis, and a branch to intersect the South-
ern Michigan Railroad, at or near a point where
the same enters said State of Michigan.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was ordered
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Thursday next, the 5th of September,
and made the special order for that' day at one
o'clock.
SHIP CANAL AROUND FALLS OF ST. MARY'S.
On motion by Mr. CASS, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 97, being
the bill granting the State of Michigan the right
of way and a donation of p sblic land, for the con-
struction of a ship canal around the Falls of St.
Mary's, in said State.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, submitted amendments to fill the blanks
in the first section, so that the proviso would read
as follows—the words, in italics being the proposed
amendments: :
u Atid provided further, That said canal shall hp at least
one hundred feet wide, with a depth of water of at /east fine
fret, and the locks shall be at least two hundredi'em Jong and
<ij(y feet vv;de.;>
Thus amended, the first section will be in th^se !|
words: j:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives j
of the United Stales of •.America in Congress assembled) That !
there be and is hereby granted to said Stfite, the light ot lo- ! j
eating a canal through the public lands, known as themth- jj
tary reservation at the Falls at St. Marv's rivet, m said !l
State; and that four hundied feet of lan«4 m width, extend- it
nig along the line of such canal, he and the same i-* hereby '
granted, to be used by said Stale,or under the authoitty m
thereof, for the construction and convenience of *uch canal, (
and ihe appurtenances thereto, and the use thereof is hereby 11
vested in said Slate torever, for the purposes a(oiep<ud - Pro- j j
viifed, That m locating the &aid line of snid canal through li
said military reservation, the same shall be located on the I
line of the survey heretofore made for that purpose, or such J
other route between the waters above and below said Falls, [
as under the approval of the Secretary of War may he se- I
lected: Jlnd provided furth r, That the said canal shall be I
at least one hundred feet wtde, with a depth of water of at
Iwastfive feet, and the locks shall be at least two hundred
feet long and fifty feet wide."
Mr. DICKINSON. I would like to have one
of the Senators from Michigan explain the opera-
tion of this bill, and inform us whether the tolls j
which will be charged will be equal upon the ciu- j
zens of the several States ?
Mr. FELCH. I will answer the inquiry of the ,
Senator from New York. There is no provision
m the bill as it now stands with reference to tolls.
It merely gives to Michigan the amount of land j
which is supposed to be sufficient to construct the !
work. The object of the work is to connect the i
waters of Lake Superior with those of Lake Huron i
and the other lakes, and the ocean. It has been |
suggested from several quarters that an amend-
ment should be made which will secure to all the
citizens who may navjgate th§ lakes the right of
passing through the canal without exorbitant toll.
With that we fully agree. The bill leaves that
matter to the Legislature. We supposed that it
would be all that was necessary, as we thought it
would be for the interest of Michigan to make the
tolls such as would be reasonable, and not oppres-
sive. Of course, we only wish to obtain the privi-
lege of constructing the canal, which wilt be foY
the public interest. Michigan has no more inter-
est in it than the other States bordering on the
lakes. But, to make it entirely acceptable to all, I
will make«n amendment so as to accomplish the
object suggested by the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDENT, it will not be in order to
offer the amendment til! the amendments submit-
ted by the committee have been acted upon.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments, and they were agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I propose to amend the bill by-
adding a section, to come in before the last  as
section fifth.
The section proposed to be added is as follows:
! Sec. 5. And he \t further enacted^ That the Legislature of
j paid Sute shall enu-e to he k<*pi an accurate acr-mint of the
\ sales and net proceeds of ihe lands htrehv grained, and of
; all expenditures in the construction, xepairs, and operating
| ot said canal, and of the (.arniuj:5' thereof, atid shall return
a statement of the same annually to the Secretary of the In-
terior; and whenever said Statu shall be tuity reimbursed
for all advance made for ihe construction, repairs, and
operating of >a«d canal, with legal interest on all advances
until the"reimbursement of the or upon payment by
the United States of any balance ol such advances over
such receipt* from said lands and canal, with such interest,
the said State shall be allowed to tax for the use of said
c<um! only such tolls as shall be sufficient to pay all neces-
sary expenses for the care, charge, and repairs of the same.
Mr. DAWSON, I wish to submit the question
whether this is not an internal improvement, with-
} out any limitation, for particular purposes ?—
i whether it is not giving power to the State gov-
ernment, and then requiring the State to take upon
I herself to keep an account current between that
i State and the General Government? I should be
i glad also to know how many acres of land are
| proposed to be appropriated by this bill ?
The PRESIDENT. The amount of land is
! half a million of acres.
; Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I do not believe
I there is, in the United States, a single improve-
| ment which could be so easily made, and which
: at the same time would be productive of such im-
! portant consequences. I am sorry to see that the
■ Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] has thought
! it his duty to oppose it. 1 am sure he could not
! have raised the questions he has done had he ex-
amined the whole subject with his usual caFe.
We have passed several bills at this session, in-
volving the same principles as this does, and we
have passed them almost without examination or
objection. And why such a stand is taken against
this, providing for no local and partial ro§d, but
for opening a navigable communication between
the great inland seas at the Northwest, I profess I
am .utterly unable to conjecture. Lakes Erie,
Huron, and Michigan are connected by natural
communication, and Lakes Ontario and Erie by an
artificial one, and all aie sufficient for the vessels
which the commerce of those regions requires.
But Lake Superior is deprived of this advantage.
It is elevated about twenty-one feet above-Lake
Huron, and the communication between them is
interrupted by the Falls of St. Mary, where vessels
of burden can neither ascend nor descend. All the
articles passing from one lake to the other must be
landed and transported across the portage, and
then transhipped into "another vessel. This is a
serious impediment to the growing commerce of
that important region. . I hold in my hand astate-
ment contained in the Lake Superior Journal,
published at the Sault Ste. Marie, at the outlet of
Lake Superior, which shows the importance of this
trade, and the impediments it meets with,
[Here Mr. Cass read an article describing the
immense masses of copper, being many of them
two tons, which are brought down Lake Superior,
and transported by land across the portage at great
additional trouble, delay, and expense.]
Now, Mr. President, the United States own the
whole country upon Lake Superior, with the ex-
ception of a few tracts of mineral lands, which
have been purchased by individuals. By opening
this communication you will facilitate the opera-
tions of trade, the ingress and egress to and from
the country, for all the purposes of improvement
and settlement. It is a most important district,
rich in its mineral treasures, of which 1 can^peak
from my own personal observation, having twice
traversed it from one extreme to the other. Pub-
lic attention is directed to it, and industry, and
enterprise, and capital are combining to develop
