626
TUB CONGRESSIONAL - GLOME.
April 3,
IN" SENATE".
TUESDAY, Jtpril 2, 1850.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock, for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral 'obsequies of the
Hon. John C. Calhoun, late a Senator in Con-
gress from the State of South Carolina.
The galleries, and every avenue thereto, were
crowded with spectators, and hundreds left the
doors unable to obtain admittance.
At twelve o'clock, the House of Representa-
tives, preceded by its officers, entered the Cham-
ber, and took seats assigned them.
Numerous officers of the army and navy, and
many distinguished strangers, occupied the sofa3
in the lobbies.
The Supreme Court of the United States en-
tered the Chamber, and" took seats at the left of
the Vice President.
The President of the United States and the
Cabinet soon followed; the President being con-
ducted to aseat at the right of the Vice Piesident.
The diplomatic corps, which was very fully
represented, occupied seats near the centre of the
Chamber.'
At twenty minutes past twelve, the corpse was
brought into the chamber, in charge of the Com-
mittee of Arrangemcnts, and placed immediately
in front of the Secretary's desk. Several relatives
and friends of the deceased, Senator Butler, and
the South Carolina delegation of the House of
Representatives, accompanied the corpse as mourn-
ers.
The Rev. C. M. Butler, Chaplain to the Senate,
read the passage of Scripture, found in the 1st
Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians, 15th chapter,
beginning at the 20th verse, to the end of the
chapter.
Mr. B. then delivered a brief discourse from the
words, in the 82d Psalm, 6th and 7th verses:
"I have saidiYe are gods; and all of you are children
of the JWost High, fait ye shall die like men, atul full
like one of the piinces."
The address being ended, the Senate, and audi-
ence left the Chamber, and formed in procession in
the following order:
The Chaplains of both Houses of Congress.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements:
Mr. Mason,
Mr. Davis, of Miss.,
Mr. Atchison,
Mr. Dodge, of Wis.,
Mr. Dickinson,
Mr. Greene,
Mr. Mungum,
Mr. Clay,
Mr. Webster,
Pall-bearers
Mr
Cass,
Mr. King,
Mr. Bcinen.
The family and friends of the deceased.
The Senator and Representatives from the State
of South Carolina, as mourners.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the United
States.
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice President of the United States and their
Secretary.
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of Represent-
atives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Departments.
The Chief-Justice and Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and its
Officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
Judges of the United States.
Officers of the Executive Departments.
Officers of the Army and Navy.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizens and Stiangeis.
The line having been formed, the procession
moved to the Congressional Burying Grourld,
where the remains of the deceased were deposited,
with the usual solemnities, in the receiving vault.
The Senate then icturned to their chambcr, and
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, *%pnl ~2, 1850.
The House was called to order by the Speaker
at twelve o'clock, m.
After prayer by the Chaplain, of the House,
The Journal was read and approved.
The Speaker stated that, in accordance with the
; orders taken yesterday, the House would proceed
| in a body to the Senate, to unite with them in at-
tending the funeral of the Hon. John C. Calhoun,
deceased.
The Speaker accordingly left the chair,
And the House, preceded by its Speaker and
other officers, proceeded to the Senate.
The funeral'services having been performed,
The House returned to its chamber,
A-nd on motion adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, dprU 3,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose and said,
that he presumed that it would now be in order to
move to take up the motion, which he had made
on Friday last, to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, relative to the purchase of water-
rotted hemp for the use of the navy, had been re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER said the consideration of that
motion would now be in order.
The House thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of the said motion.
Mr. STANTON said, that he desired very
briefly to state to the House the reasons on which
he thought it was important and necessarythat the
resolution should be passed immediately. In the
first place it was important, that if the resolution
should be passed at all,in any shape, there should
be no very considerable delay, because, if there
was, it would not have its influence upon the
growing crop of hemp of the present year.
He had been somewhat surprised that the hon-
orable gentleman from Geoigia, [Mr. Toombs,]
who made the motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, shouldghavc undertaken to remark, (and
he (Mr. S ) was sorry that the gentleman was
not at the moment in his seat to hear his state-
ment,) that the Committee on Naval Affa'us had
actcd extraordinarily in reporting this resolution
in the form in which it had been presented. Now,
1 he (Mr. S.) was not the gentleman who had re-
| ported this resolution from the Committee on Na-
. val Allans. He was not the gentleman who had
investigated the subject; and when the gentleman
from Georgia reflected that the resolution had
j been under the charge of the gentleman fiom New
, York, [Mr. White,] a friend of the Adrnimstra-
[ tion, supported by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,j another member of the committee; and
when the genjlcman considered the unanimity
which had prevailed in committee among the
friends of the Administration, as well as among
those who were opposed to it, these circumstances,
it seemed to him, (Mr. S.,) should at least save the
committee, and every member of it, from the sus-
picion of having acted in any degiee under the
influence of party or personal considerations.
The gentleman from Georgia had stated that
the decision of the Secretary ot the Navy, in rela-
tion to the contract to which the committee
thought that Mr. Billings was entitled, was passed
upon the opinion of the Attorney-General. He
(Mr. S.) did not know whether or not the hon-
orable gentleman had examined that opinion, but
he presumed that the gentleman had done so. if
the gentleman had examined it closely—and he
■ (Mr. S.) intended no' disrespect by the remark 
ii it was quite as extraordinary to him that the gen-
1 tleman could approve of that opinion, as the
opinion of the Naval Committee seemed extra-
ordinary to that gentleman, it seemed to surprise
the gentleman that the committee should have
connected the matter of Mr. Billings's contract at
all with this hemp resolution. The explanation
was ea&y, and such as it seemed to him must be
satisfactory to every gentleman on this floor. The
resolution reported from the Committee on Naval
| j Affairs, proposed to provide for the purchase of the
p whole amount of hemp necessary for the use of the
j navy for the next five years. This was the propo-
■, sition contained in the resolution. A memorial had
; been presented to the House, and sent to the com-
j! mittee, connected, it was true, with the personal
j interests of Mr. Billings, but connected, at the same
. time, with the whole subject. Upon an examina-
tion of that transaction, the Committee on Naval.
Affairs had come to the conclusion, from which he
thought that no man, upon a candid investigation
of the facts of the case could dissent, that Mr.
Billings was entitled to the contiact for which,
under the advertisement issued in the name of the
Navy Department, he had made an offer. It was
true that, in the original advertisement, there was
some little uncertainty—something like a partial
reservation—of the power to give the contract or
not; but, in his judgment, this did not amount to
distinct reservation of right, but it was rather
inferential; and the Committee on Naval Affairs
came to the conclusion that, taking all the circum-
stances of the case into consideration, it was not
just—it was not fair—it was not equitable—that
the Government should go into market and pre-
scribe a limit for contractors, merely as an expeii-
ment; then, if the lowest bidder should not ex-
actly suit them, or should he not be a favorite
with them, refuse to give him the contract. And
while it was possible—although he did not think
it clear—that Mr. Billings, if the transaction had
taken place between Individuals, would not hnve
any le^al right to the .contract, or to damages
under it, while the committee did not contend for
that, yet he believed that the whole committee
had come to the conclusion that it was fair, and
equitable, and just, and honorable that he should
have the contract, that the bidding was fair and
legal, and that he was the lowest bidder, having
bid some twenty odd dollars below the limit pre-
scribed by the department and by the law. The
committee were satisfied that it would be to the
interest of the Government to give the contract to
Mr. Billings.
Now, the resolution in the form in which the
two gentlemen from Kentucky, [Messrs. More-
head and Marshall,] who had spoken with
great zeal, desired that it should be passed,
proposed that the Secretary of the Navy should
have the right to go into open market, and make
the purchases there—that was to say, purchase
where, and of whom, and at what price he pleased
within the limit prescribed by law. What would
be the result? Take the history of these con-
tracts, and what did we find ? He held in his hand
a report from the Secretary of the Navy in re-
lation to the purchase of hemp. It would be
found that, wherever the article had been pur-
chased in open market—that was to say, wherever
the Secretaries of the Navy had exercised the priv-
ilege of purchasing of whom and what prices they
pleased—they had given from seventy to eighty dol-
lars per ton more than the same article cost under
the system of contracts. What would be the re-
sult of giving the Secretary power to go into open
market, as the gentlemen desired, limited to two
hundred and forty dollars ? Was it probable that he
would a;et the article at a price as low as that
offeiedby Mr. Billings, when he, theSecietary, had
the privilege of goin<c up to two hundred and forty
dollars ? The experience of the 'department
showed that it was probable—in fact almost cer-
tain—that he would go to the highest price, and
give the highest sum allowed by law, being twenty
dollars, and beyond the price at which Billings
pronosed to supply it.
But there were some other considerations con-
nected with this matter, in addition to those he had
already mentioned, which it seemed to him appro-
priate that he should notice. The gentlemen from
Kentucky, ami especially the gentleman from Mis-
souri, seemed to think that a great effect was to
be produced upon the interests of the hemp grower.
If these gentlemen would reflect for a moment,
they would be satisfied that this was a matter of
veiy little importance to the hemp grower. Let
them look at the census of 1840. It would there
be seen, that the amount of hemp proposed to be
furnished for the use of the American navy—that
was to say, six hundied tons—was not as much
as one per cent, on ihe amount of hemp raised in
the year 1840; and probably it would not amount
to one half of one per cent, on the amount raised
at the present time. How, then, was it to be sup-
posed that it could be a matter of any very serious
consequence affecting the people of Kentucky,
Missouri, and other hemp growing States, that
the Government should have the power to go
into open market, and purchase from its favorites
this inconsiderable amount of six hundred tons?
He knew that tfciis calculation was based upon the
whole amount of hemp—water-rotted and dew-
