1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17251:"
and nothing can be more certain than that land
alone will not make a public improvement, unless
the party possessing it has power to go into the
market and realize money out of it.
There are many great projects of this descrip-
tion—there are some half dozen railroads to the
Pacific, I believe—to throw forward great public
improvements before there is any public existing
which demands them, and before there is any bus-
iness existing which requires such facilities and
improvements. Nothing can be plainer than that
population must precede improvements of this sort.
Population creates business, and railroads and ca-
nals are made for business. What, then, is the
use of making a canal through a country where
there is no business? I know that when there it
may possibly create the growth of population and
business, but it is a hard and expensive mode of
populating a country by means of this description.
As I said before, the State is an unsuitable body
for this purpose. Still if they can do it; if they
can give us assurances here that they can do it;
if they will show us how they can do it, I will
certainly not withhold my support from it at all.
No; on the contrary I should be very glad to see
it done; but I like to refer lo something like facts.
We have been told here that the United States are
to be greatly enriched and the Treasury largely
benefited by schemes of this description. Now,
1 should like to know if there is a case m which
the United States have profited by the sale of the
lands. The Senator from Illinois says that the
reason is because we have not made the provision
raising the price of the alternate sections to two
dollars and a half, which has been inserted m the
bills passed this session. Well, have you realized
that? Has anybody bought your lands at that
price? When they come to be taken up and the
money paid into the Treasury, then 1 shall give
credit for it; but it remains to he seen whether
they will be taken up at that price, and whether the
United States will realize the amount which is
now placed to her credit in these operatiins.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Government got just
what she asked. She got but $1 25 per acre be-
cause she had fixed on that price by law. I ask
the Senator from Massachusetts, if it is the prac-
tice of his constituents when they buy land to give
more than the owner asks for it?
The people of Illinois have never learned to pay
more for public lands, or for private lands, than
the holder of the lands asks them to pay. You
ask them a dollar and a quarter an acre on the line
of that canal, and they give it. Now, I can prove
to him that we might have got two dollars and a
half, or even five dollars an acre as easy as one
and a quarter. Why, sir, every acre of that land
now sells at prices ranging from three dollars to a
hundred, and I might say three hundred dollars
an acre. We are giving five, ten, twenty, thirty
dollars per acre for the farming lands. So, if the
Government of the United States had fixed the
price at two dollars and a half, it would have been
paid very willingly. The very fact that our lands
are selling at those high prices shows that the
price is owing to the construction of the Illinois
and Michigan canal. The finishing of that work
would have made the other alternate sections
equally as valuable as those we have already sold.
I'think it is clear that the Government might have
got double price if it only had asked it. In view
of these facts, I mseited in all the railroad bills a
clause raising the price of the alternate ssctions to
two dollars and fifty cents per acre. But I think
the Government has been the gainer by selling the
lands even at the price of one dollar and a quarter j
per acre. Had it not been for this canal those I
lands that are situated along the line would not ,
have sold for even a dollar and a quarter per acre. I
There is land at the distance of fifty miles from j
that canal that is vacant now, and will be vacant ,
for the next quarter of a century, at a dollar and j
a quarter per acre, unless a canal or railroad, or
some other improvement comes near them. It is
therefore the canal that has enabled you to get a
dollar and a quarter for those lands that have been
sold You would not have had this money m your
Treasury if this grant of land had not been made.
1 hope therefore, that an examination of these facts
will convince the Senate that the opinions drawn j
from them are well founded. TheSenatorfrom Mas- j
sachusetts has had somejpersonal experience in con- j
nection with this work, and therefore understands i
the true state of the facts as I have related them. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I now renew
the motion to postpone.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator will allow
me to say a few words first.
Mr. SHIELDS. I only want to make the
bounty land bill the special order for to-morrow
or Monday.
Mr. CASS. We had better dispose of this first.
The vote can be taken very soon now.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 have no wish to interfere
with this, but I want to make the other bill the
special order for to-morrow or Monday. 1 will
make a motion to that effect.
The PRESIDENT. What is the position of
that bill' .
Mr. SHIELDS. It was made the special order
for to-day at twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be taken up un-
i til this is disposed of in some way.
' Mr. SHIELDS. We shall go into executive
session, I suppose, at one o'clock, and there will
not be time to finish the bill to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 withdraw the motion to post-
P°Mr. BRIGHT. I was about to remark, when
interrui'ted, that the reply of the Senator (rom Il-
linois [Mr. Dougi.as] to the inquiry made by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] super-
sedes the necessity of my saying anything. I
cannot allow him, however, to remain under the
delusion he seems to be in in reference to the influ-
ence which the very munificent grants of public
lands made by the General Government from time
to time, to several States, has had upon the growth,
wealth, and prosperity of those States. I had sup-
posed that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts was fully conversant with the benefits which
the western States generally, and particularly the
State which I have the honor in part to represent,
had derived from this source. As he appears not
to be, indeed admits he is not by the inquiry he
makes, I must claim the indulgence of the Senate
Ion" enough to answer briefly so much of his
inquiry as°relates to the advantages Indiana has
derived from the various liberal cessions of the
public lands within her borders.
She has a line of canal, stretching from her
northern to her extreme southern border—from
Evansville, one of the most flourishing business
points on the banks of the Ohio river, to the
northeastern corner of that Stale, thus connecting
the waters of the Ohio river with those of the
Maumee and Lake Erie, a distance of miles
i of which is completed, and the greater part of
which distance the canal has been in successful
operation for some years. This canal, located the
greater part of this distance in the Wabash valley,
through soil as fertile and productive as can be
found west of the mountains, has been built mainly
bv aid of lands, and funds created by lands,
granted by the General Government—granted
upon the same terms, and about the same condi-
tions, limitations, and restrictions as are to be
found in several bills we have already passed
through this body this session. I refer to the bills
granting lands to Alabama, Mississippi, Iowa, and
Illinois, for the construction of a railroad com-
mencing at Mobile, and having at present its east-
ern terminus at Chicago, but which I hope, on or
after Thursday next, will have (so far as this body
is concerned) Indianapolis as its eastern terminus;
for it will be recollected, that but a moment since
the Senate took up and made the special order of
the day for Thursday next a bill granting the right
of way and a donation of lands for a railroad from
Chicago, being a continuation of the great south-
ern route I have just mentioned, to Indianapolis,
with a branch road from some suitable point on
the main line, to where the southern Michigan
railroad enters the State of Indiana. 1 do not, 1
will not permit myself to doubt the success of
these measures. And in view of the extreme
liberality of the Federal Government to the west-
ern States generally, and to none more so than the
one I represent here-and permit me to say there
is none whose population is more grateful, and
withal more deserving—I shall not withhojd my
support to the very important and truly national
project contained in the bill offered by my distin-
guished friend from Michigan [Mr. Cass.] 1 am
willing to donate liberally for all legitimate public
obiects within the State where the land lies, con-
fining the grants within such limitations and
placing it upon such conditions as will secure the
faithful application of the same. This I believe 10
fully done by the bill now before us. ...
But, Mr. President, my chief object in rising
was to bear testimony to the practical advantages '
resulting from the operation of these grants; and
I need not travel beyond the limits of my own j
State to find evidence demonstrating most conclu-
sively the soundness of this policy. The great
line of canal of which I was speaking affords a .
most unanswerable argument to the objections
urged against this bill by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts. It is said, and I adopt the
sentiment, that the health of a country depends
upon its productions, and i might go further and
add, and its facilities for reaching a market where
its surplus will at all times command a fair price.
The want of this has for years past rendered value-
less, as it were, the surplus of much of the finest
lands in the western valley. But the industry,
energy, and enterprise of western character,
aided occasionally by liberal donations of the
" people's land," is rapidly removing these diffi-
culties, and, judging the future by the past, a few-
years more will place all the States formed out of
the great Northwestern Territory in a condition
that I will not attempt to describe, lest the com-
parison might be considered interested and invidi-
One other remark and I will yield the floor. The
donation of eight hundred thousand acres of land
to the State of Indiana, in 1845, for the.purpose
of completing the Wabash and Erie canal, has in
good faith been applied to that object; and though
the State has made a transfer of both canal and
lands in liquidation of her indebtedness, it has
been done upon such terms and with such reser-
vations as insure a carrying out of the grant ac-
cording to its original letter and spiri'.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the grant
proposed to be made to Michigan for the construc-
tion of this canal, comes clearly within the prin-
ciple which has always governed me in my action
in reference to these grants—that is, that it will be
the means of enhancing the value of the public
lands connected with it, those on the borders of
Lake Superior, and of benefiting the whole coun-
try by bringing them the more speedily into mar-
ket. I have never adopted the policy urged so
forcibly this morning by the Senator from Illinois,
of doubling the price of the reserved sections; be-
lieving, as I do, that $1 25 per acre is enough to
charge for the public lands, and that the Govern-
ment gains most by their speedy sale. When they
will not sell at that price, then the price should be
reduced. I think that an examination of a major-
ity of the land districts will show th$t they cost
the Government more than their net proceeds; I
have therefore always been in favor of gran's
which will hasten the sale of the public lands, and
of a graduation of their price when they will not
otherwise sell. Every argument which has been
offered in favor of other works, I think applirs
with great force to this; yet 1 would not urge it
solely on the ground of its tendency to increase
the value of the public lands, for there are other
and to my mind more important considerations
growing out of its peculiar situation. It is a fron-
tier work—it is a part of the national defence of
that frontier—it is essential to connect the marine
intended for the protection of the lakes—and with-
out it we must have a separate marine on Lake
Superior from that, of Lakes Huron and Michigan.
Many years ago, I recollect that a proposition was
stated and maintained by some of the best minds
in the country, for making a through cut, which
should reduce the level of Lake Superior, because
of its greater depth and height above Lake Hu-
ron, and connect the two by a channel of dead
water between them. The fall which now ob-
structs the navigation is simply a ledge of rocks
across the river St. Mary; and the proposition is
to canal around it. That will answer all the pur-
poses, if the canal be made deep enough for the
passage of the vessels, whether sail or steam, that
are intended for the lakes; and this is, i think, a
sufficient argument in favor of the construction of
the work by the General Government. But if we
can avoid an intrusion upon the sovereignty and
jurisdiction of the State of Michigan, by making
a grant of land that will suffice for the construction
of the work, and yet restrain the State from im-
posing any onerous tax on the commerce that shall
pass through it, I believe it will be better than to
make it a Government work. The great mineral
