628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
price paid by Government; by the other mode,
you carve out of that price a profit for the specu-
lator at the expense of the producer. Profession
of an interest for the encouragement of labor, is
very usual among politicians. Legislation for the
benefit of capital, at the expense of labor, is
scarcely less frequent, and very generally is the
result of action by politicians. I regard this prop-
osition to cut the producer off from the direct
trade with Government, and to compel him to
vend his crop to the contractor, as the institution
of an intermediate class of non-producers, who are
to live by speculation upon capital at the "expense of
labor.
Look at the matter in this light: Government
says, " The price we will pay for American water-
rotted hemp is $220 per ton. We will take for the
use of the navy next year five hundred tons." The
farmers will furnish it at that price, and competi-
tion among the farmers will add to the value of
the article supplied, improve the quality, increase
the quantity, and finafty diminish the price. This
is the doctrine which gentlemen teach when they
want a tariff to protect iron or manufactured
cloths, or to encourage any infant American art.
If it is true, when you desire to shut out foreign
competition, and to impose a duty for the purpose
of giving to the American manufacturer an advan-
tage in the home market, I imagine it holds equally
good when the competition is between producers
having a protected market—a steady and unifoim
demand, and a free field for exertion in the pro-
duction and preparation of the commodity to be
supplied.
It is asserted, however, that unless each hemp
grower has assurance that his crop will be pur-
chased, there will be no certainty in the supply.
I have but a single observation in reply to this sug-
gestion. Ever since money commenced circula-
tion, and markets were opened, those branches of
productive industry, which promise profit, have
been speedily occupied and faithfully pursued. If
you can imagine that the hemp growers of the
West, with an open market, and a Government
demand at their own doors equal to $110,000 per
year, will not compete for it, I lament your igno-
rance of their enterprise, and your want of laith
in their desire of gain. There is no argument, I
have listened to, that has bo little plausibility as
this. 1 dismiss it. If the contractor intervenes,
it is argued he will afford assurance to the produ-
cer that the crop will be taken off his hands, and
therefore the hemp grower will turn his attentiou
to the business of water-rotting. It is evident the
class of favored producers, who may work for the
contractor upon the faith of a contract made prior
to the production of the crop, will limit the busi-
ness to a very small number of persons; and
even if this should be the course the business
woiild take, the policy of a general encourage-
ment to the interest would not be effected by it,
since the supply would never exceed the demand.
Those who have not the benefit of a preexisting
contract, having no chance of profit from the busi-
ness, would not enter upon it at all. .
But suppose the Government contiaetor to be j
obliged to furnish five hundred tons in the year, 1
will he make contracts to pay for more than five \
hundred tons? Will he make contracts before- !
hand with A, B, and C for what they may pre-
Sare of given quality? Surely not. He will,
nowing his own price, merely assure A, B, and C
that if they will prepare, and the article suits, he
•will take of them what his wants demand; but
certainly at a price to insure himself a fair profit,
which he will pocket, by depriving the planter of
the direct market. The proposition must come to
this complexion at last. But gentlemen say that
if the contractor does not furnish according to
his stipulations, he will be mulcted in damages
upon his bond! I say that the history of your
contract system does not sustain the assertion.
Where are the bonds from which damages have
been collected by Government for failure of per-
formance in delivering articles of commerce?
What amount has been collected since the date of
the Constitution by Government attorneys upon
verdicts rendered m this class of causes ? Bonds
may sometimes have been piusued for failure to
pay over moneys collected by public trustees, in
the course of official business ; but judgments
even in this class of eases are rarely, if ever, pur-
sued to final collection, without an extension of
liberal compromises to the sureties of a defaulter.
I should like to hear from gentlemen a single in-
stance, within the entire range of governmental
action, where a contractor, agreeing to furnish a
commodity to a department, has been pursued
under the law for a failure to perform. I do not
believe there is an instance on record.
What does experience teach upon this score—
experience derived from the history of the contract
system, as applied to this matter of American
hemp? What does it teach, if you will look at it as
applied to your public printing, or as applied to
building steam-ships—in fact, in every department
of governmental transactions? It teaches this les-
son—that,the business let to the lowest bidder is
badly done, when it is done at all, and that public
interest, like individual interest, is apt to be
sacrificed, when false economy induces action upon
the " penny-wise, pound-foolish" principle. The
American Hemp Company were contractors to
furnish two hundred and fifty tons annually, for
several years in succession. Did they comply
with their contract? No, Were they pursued
on their bond? No. Mr. G. W. Billings made
a contract to supply three hundred and thirty tons
in instalments. Did he deliver according to con-
tract? Not a pound. Was he pursued on his
bond ? No. And such is the constant exempli-
fication of disregard of the obligations of contract,
whenever the burdens are not agreeable to the con-
tractor. Resort to that system affords noadditional
security. It never brings Government into direct
contact with the producing classes; italwaysleaves
honestlaboratthe mercy ofspeculatingadventurers.
Government contractors have absolutely become
a profession in this country; and they consider it
a case of "cool impudence" for a legislator, even
here, to assert the rights and interests of the people
against their wishes and demands. My legislative
experience is limited, but it has been sufficiently
extended to create some acquaintance with this
gentry, and to cause me to mark their efforts. I
would respectfully suggest, that one great monop-
oly at a time should satisfy any moderate ambi-
j tion. A monopoly of furnishing American hemp,
I will not be found so easy as the old practice ol
buying in foreign hemp for the use of the navy.
I It is said by the Committee on Naval Affairs, that
i Mr. Billings must have a contract to furnish three
| hundred tons per year for five years—that he has a
! right to the contract. I have heretofore spoken of
| this case. Mr. Billings has a legal right, or no right
at all. If he has a legal right, it is to the whole sup-
■ ply of the navy, for that was hit, bill. How do the
committee undertake to act as arbitrators, and to
' make the equitable construction which makes him
, " rightfully" a contractor to the extent of three
, hundred tonsonly? Mr. Billings understands that
the contract for three hundred tons is as essential
a monopoly as if he had the whole, for the de-
mand being five hundred tons, and the Govern-
ment having on hand seven hundred and fifty
tons at Charlestown, if he may furnish three hun-
dred tons per year, it is evident that his quota
and the supply on hand will cut off the grow-
ers for years to come. The committee have re-
duced into one, all the objectionable proposi-
tions. My colleague having offered, in my ab-
sence, my amendment to his proposition, the
case is made up, and the House can determine the
policy to be pursued. I will add asinglc remark,
from the Chief of the Bureau of Construction. He
says he is anxious to take the open market, to buy
from the growers, to shut out the speculators, and
that this is the only true policy/ I hope the House
will reconsider the vote referring the matter to the
; Committee of the Whole, and will come to a di-
rect vote between the policy recommended by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the policy which
; has in view the interests of the western farmers.
I Mr. CARTTEH demanded the previous ques- I
| tion. |
j Mr. McCLERNAND called for the reading of >
i the bill. & |
; Phe SPEAKER stated that the bill and reso- j
lution, having been oidered to be printed when ,'i
the subject was last before the House, had on <'
Friday last been placed in the hands of the printers, 11
and when the motion to reconsider was called up
th'S morrnng by the gentleman from Tennessee,
the Chair was not aware that they were still in
the hands of the printers, and not in the posses-
sion of the House. They were immediately sent
for, but had not yet been received by the Clerk, so
, that if the reading of the bill and amendment were
called for, the motion to reconsider must necessa-
rily go over until the documents could be ob-
tained.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to the further
consideration of the motion this morning.
The question lies over.
• INVESTIGATION—THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
The SPEAKER. Before the House proceeds
to other business, the Chair will state, that since
the meeting of the House this morning, he has
received a communication which he feels it his
duty to lay before the House at once. It will be
for the House to take such action as to them
shall seem proper. The communication will be
read to the House.
Washington, Jipril 2, 1850.
Sir: My official connection with the Government au-
thorizes me, in my judgment, to ask and to have acceded to
me, Ivy ihe House over which you preside, a prompt and
full investigation, in such manner as it may think proper, of
my conduct and relation to the claim of the icpreseritatives
of George Gnlphin, which ciaim has been adjudicated and
paid at one of the departments of the Government, and is
now attracting public attention.
I hav« the honor to be, verv respectfutlv, your ob't serv'i,
GEORGE- W. CRAWFORD,
Hon. Howell Cobb,
Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that a committee of
nine members be appointed by the Chair, to take
into consideration the subject of that letter; and I
hope that in making the motion, I shall be released
from serving upon the committee, from my per*
sonal connection with "the Secretary of War, and
also because, from a full and thorough knowledge
of the facts, my opinion is decidedly made up.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the Speaker was authorized to appoint a se^
lect committee of nine members.
CALIFORNIA.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Boyd in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the California question.
Mr. RICHARDSON, who was entitled to the
floor, yielded for purposes of explanation to his
colleague, [Mr. McClernand.]
Mr. McCLERNAND said: I propose to offer
for the consideration of the committee, apian for the
settlement of the question which has for so long
a time, and so deeply and widely agitated, and di-
vided the public mind. The plan is not of my
authorship. 1 am no more its author than many
others, who have expressed their views m common
with my own, which 3 have sought to reduce to
legislative form. I trust that the work will prove
acceptable to all, and particularly to those who
are ready and willing to cooperate for the settle-
ment now of the vexed question. I would appeal
to all such for their earnest and efficient cooperation
for its settlement now. Delay may bring increased
difficulties and dangers. Now is the accepted
time.
The bill is designed to settle the slave question in all
its aspects, capable of being advantageously united
in a common settlement. I doubt not that if the
bill should succeed, it will be followed, if not pre-
ceded, by a satisfactory solution of all incidental
! questions calling for legislative action—at least I
j trust this will be the result.
! 1. The bill provides for the admission of the
j State of California into the Union, with her eon-
i stuutional boundaries.
j 2. The bill provides for the creation of a terri-
| torial government, including that part of the terri-
| tory of the United States, lying south of 42° north
j latitude, east of the State of California, north of
| 35° north latitude, west of the Colorado and Vir-
! gin rivers, and the main easterly branch of the
latter to its source; thence west of a due north line
to the summit of the mountain range, dividing the
wateis flowing into the Pacific from those flowing
into the Great Basin, thence west of the summit of
that mountain range to its intersection with the 42°
of north latitude. This government is styled the
territory of Utah. In framing the goverment of
this territory, care has been taken to preserve and
incorporate into it the general principles and the
spirit that pervades the provisional organization
lately established by the people living within the
limits of the terrritory. In short, the bill only
converts the constitution of the proposed State of
Deseret into a constitution or organic law for
the territorial government, including and adding
