1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
not merely from my own imagination, but from
the experience of the past. Michigan has, as
yet, received but little from the General Gov-
ernment in the way of grants of land for inter-
nal improvements; indeed, not an acre beyond
what fell to her as her share in the general distri-
bution of five hundred thousand acres to each of
the public land States. In expending that amount
of land, she found it necessary to divide it among
several works of improvement—sometimes for a
bridge, and in one or two instances for a canal
around the falls of a river; but in every instance
the object has been effected, and the works for
which the land was thus appropriated have been
completed. I know that, in the construction of
railroads, a certain amount of money is required.
You cannot buy iron without money, it is true;
but you can employ men to make excavations and
pay them in land. It has been tested in Michi-
gan; and I will say further, that, 'f in making such
excavations money is required in addition, the
people of Michigan are so sensible of the import-
ance of this work that they will see to it that {he
money is advanced. I have no hesitation, there-
fore, in assuring the Senator from Massachusetts
that, if this grant be made, the work will be done.
Now, one word more. Michigan has struggled
long to secure the completion of this work. She
began it herself in 1837, in those days when it was
supposed she could raise money enough to carry
on all her works of internal improvement, but,
through some misunderstanding:, her workmen
were driven away bv the United States troops. An
application was then made to Congress for a grant
of money for the purpose, and a report was made
in favor of its construction as a national work.
But the day seems to have passed when such
works are to be constructed in that way; and now,
as this application seems to come within the class
wheie the principle applies, of making appropria-
tions of land for the benefit of remaining public
lands, I hope it will be granted. It is the only
way, perhaps, in which this important work can
be constructed. As I remarked before, I am sorry
that gentlemen seem to suppose that Michigan has
more interest in this work than other States. It
is true she has a natural interest in the settlement
of the country, but the other States have an equal
interest with her in the devolpment, in which it
will assist, of the great mineral resources of the
country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The object
which I had in view in proposing the questions
which I did for the consideration of gentlemen
whose attention has been turned to this subject has
been mainly answered. I was a little desirous that
we should know and distinctly understand here
whether or not this notion of the United States
making money out of this thing was not delusive
in its character. I have so considered it myself,
so far as regards the receipt of any money into the
Treasury, and I wished this measure to stand on its
true basis. Well, sir, I think that object has been
pretty nearly attained by the course which this
debate has taken. This is a great public work,
beyond all question, it is one of great importance
in many points of view, although I do not agree
with the Senator from Michigan, who has just
taken his seat, that Michigan is no more interested
in it than are remote States. Her territory lies
around this lake, and if it promotes the settlement
of that territory, if it promotes the creation of cap-
ital within her iimitsand carries a population there,
she has a particular interest in it; but so far as re-
gards the general purposes of commerce she has
no more interest than any other State who engages
in that commerce.
Now, to place it in the power of commerce,
which 1 agree is increasing in that region, to pass
from one level to the other of these lakes, is an
important consideration, and it is important ob-
ject to be attained, if it can be. But, while I thus
express myself, I still think that a State is not a
body very well calculated to carry the matter for-
ward with economy, yet I cannot but believe it is
as well adapted to do so as the United States.
And if the question was, whether Michigan should
undertake it, or the United States undertake it, or
the work be left undone, I should be very strongly
inclined to grant the lands to Michigan for the pur-
pose. But ! wish the work to stand on its own
character and usefulness. It has merits enough of
that description to commend it—that has been very
apparent to me for a long time; and on that ground
I, for one, shall very cheerfully give my support
to the bill, though I can see many other woys in
which this great object could be accomplished
much more to my satisfaction. I should .wish,
however, before the bill is perfected, that there
might be an amendment, the reason for which I
will suggest. As the bill now stands it provides
that the canal shall be completed within ten years.
Perhaps that is a reasonable length of time, but I
do not think that the United States and all other
parties should he shut out from engaging in the
work, in the event of Michigan omitting to do it
for that period, and therefore i hope that the friends
of the bill will require the work to bo commenced
within, say three years. If so, the bill will stand
in a form to meet my approbation much more
strongly than it does.
Mr CASS. The amendment will be accepted.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Felch was
again read.
Mr DAWSON. I move to strike out the word
{< interest" wherever it occurs, inasmuch as the
proceeds for the capital are furnished by the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. CASS. It refers only to the capital fur-
nished by the State.
Mr. DAWSON. Is there anycapifal to be fur-
nished by the State for the construction of a canal
three-quarters of a mile long, when five#hundred
thousand acres of land, to be-located wherever
found, are appropriated for the same purpose?
Mr. CASS. In case the State does not furnish
any capital there will be no interest about it.
Mr DAWSON. Is that so stated in the amend-
ment ?
Mr. CASS. Especially so.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well, then.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. To meet the views of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, I propose to amend the
bill by inserting after the word <{ be," in the sec-
ond line of the fourth section, the words " com-
menced within three and;" so that the section shall
read—
"Sec. 4. That if the «aid canal shall not be commenced
within thrpp arid oorrinletod within ten years, the paid State
of Michigan shall hp bound to pay to the United States the
amount which may hp received upon the sale of any part of
paid lands by paid Slate, the title to the purchasers under
said State remaining valid."
The amendment was agreed fo.
Mr. FELCH. I will propose another amend-
ment, to meet the suggestion of the Senator from
Mississippi. In the ninth line of the second sec-
tion, after the word " within," insert the words
" the upper peninsula of,n so as to confine the
lands to-be taken to the country bordering on the
work. The section would then read as follows:
" Sec 2. kc it further ennc'eJ, That there hp, and
hereby is, granted to said Slate of Michigan, for the pinpo^e
of aiding paid State iri con^incting and eompte'mg said
canal, five hundred thousand ficrps of public land*, to be
selected in subdivision®, agreeably to the United States sur-
veys, by an agent or agent*, to he appointed hy the Governor
of said State, suhiret to the approval of the Secretiry of the
Treosvrv, (altered afterward-- to Interior,) from any hnds
within the upper peninsula of said State, subject to private
entry."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would ask
the Senator whether that amendment would not
be likely to retard the completion of this work?
Mr. CASS. I do not know but it will, but the
Senator from Mississippi suggested it, and in the
spirit of yielding with a view of carrying through
the bill, we have acceded to it. ft would be better
for the ohjeet of the bill if was not made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, it seems to me
that it would be more likely to secure the comple-
tion of the work to leave it as it was.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been favorable to
the passage of this bill, and it seems to me that the
amendment will retard the action of the State and
the construction of the work. I would therefore
prefer that the amendment should not be adopted.
While I prefer that, I will take the liberty of
making a suggestion to the particular friends of
the bill. There is no limit in the bill, that I can
see, on the discretion of the State in disposing of
these lands after they shall have been selected.
Would it not be well, inasmuch as the State has
the choice in the selection, to provide that they
shall not he disposed of for less than the minimum
price of Government lands. If it is allowed to do
that, you will perceive that it will operate at once
on all the Government lands in that section of
country. I would, therefore, prefer that an
amendment should be concurred in, limiting the
discretion of the State in the sale of the lands, to
the minimum price fixed for the lands of the Uni-
ted States, unless some material objection can be
shown. Another suggestion I will add, while I
am up. The discretion which we grant to the
State under this bill will give it the power to take
mineral lands, if it thinks proper, unless there is
some law in existence which prohibits it being
done.
Mr. CASS. There is such a law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I doubt whether such a
law will operate upon a law subsequently passed
so broad in its operation as this. The idea that
struck me was, that the passage of this bill under
present circumstances would perhaps overthrow
the general provisions of the law exempting min-
eral lands from appropriation, and that it might be
therefore proper to insert some provision to guard
against &uch a result. With these suggestions in
regard to these amendments I leave the matter to
the gentlemen who have the bill in charge.
The question was stated to be on the amendment
offered by Mr. Felch, (restricting the selection of
the lands to the upper peninsula.)
Mr. FELCH. With regard to the amendment
I certainly prefer that it should not be adopted. It
was only offered to meet the views of other Sena-
tors.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Oh, you had
better withdraw it.
Mr. FELCH. Very well, sir, I will withdraw
the amendment.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. MANGUM. With the permission of the
Senator from Michigan, and without disposing of
the pending business, I have an interesting motion,
which I desire to submit to the Senate by unani-
mous consent. It isthat when theSenateadjourns,
it adjourn to meeton Monday next. I think there
can be no objection to permitting the vote to be
taken on it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object, sir, most positively.
So the motion could not be received.
Mr. FELCH. JThe Senator from Kentucky in-
quires whether this hill, as it no>v stands, will aN
low the State of Michigan to select mineral lands.
I do not understand that it will. The proposition
is to take only such lands as are subject to private
entry, or, I believe, that has been the construction
given to a provision of this character in several
other similar acts that have been passed. Special x
laws, I believe, have beeji deemed necessary to
enable entries of mineral lands to be made, the
laws of the character of this one, applying only
to lands which are the subject of private entry at
the minimum price of #l 25 the acre. But if the
bill did allow the entry of these mineral lands, that
should be no objection to it. Taking the whole
mineral country through, and in view of the diffi-
culty of finding the mineral on every and any sec-
tion, the commissioners recommend in their report
that the price now fixed at $5 for the common de-
scriptions of that kind of land shall be reduced to
the ordinary minimum ptice. And I do not un-
derstand this bill to embrace these lands, so long
as they remain at the present price of $5 per acre.
Another inquiry made by the Senator, is whether
there ought not to be made in the bill some provis-
ion whereby the sales of land by the State shall
not be at a less rate than $1 25 the acre. Now,
the operation of the bill, if it goes into effect, I
think, will be this—and I speak from a knowledge
of what has been done in the State of Michigan
under similar circumstances: Thecourse has been
to receive proposals for doing certain work, the
pay to be so much land. No price is fixed on the
lands, and none on the work. So many yards are
excavated—the description of the excavation, of
course, to be ascertained by competent individuals^
and in this case the most of it will be rock excava-
tion, for which so much land is to be received in
payment therefor. This is the form of the propo- '
sal and of the contract. So that no difficulty could
arise, I apprehend, from not fixing the price at
which the lands shall be sold. The State will, of
course, select the best lands it can, and it will be
her interest to dispose of them at the best prices
that can be obtained. 1 do not apprehend, there-
fore, any competition with the General Govern-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the State of Michigan
succeeds in completing this work, as I hope t*he
may, there will be no difficulty whatever, because
then she will never be held responsible by the
