THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
trade jn the District of Columbia, or that the seat of Govern-
ment be removed to sqme more suitable location.
AIfo, the p*lnim  of Job Prince and 4% others, citizens of
Oxford'county; of Robert Goodenaw and 26 others, citizens
Of Franklin couotv; of A. Nelson Cutler, of Lincoln county,
in tin: Stare of M<une, severally asking for the establishing of
an Agricultural Bureau at the city of Washington.
Aho, the petition ot James Forterfieid and others? heirs
Of James Young, late of Bristol, Maine, deceased, asking
for indemnity for French spoliations prior to 1800.
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of Reuben Robie and
163 others, citizens of Stenben county,, New York, praying
lhat no more slave States be admitted into the Union.
Also, the petition of J. D. Burlingam and 83 others, citi-
zen* of Alleghany county, New York, for the same purpose.
.Also, the petition of Charles Purdv and 130 others, citi-
zens of Bath, Steuben county, New York, lor the repeal of
all law* authorizing slavery or the slave-trade in the District
of Columbia.
Also, the petiiion of W. 0. Kenyon and 7S> others, citi-
zens of Alfred, Alleghany county, Niw York, for the same
purpose.
AI*o, the petition of Ira Saylesand 86 others, citizens of
AUeghanv county, New Yoik, piaying that slavery and the
slave-trade be expressly prohibited in the territories of the
United States,
Also, the petition of Philip S. Green and £0 others, from
the ?ame place, for the r gbt of trial by jury to persons
claimed as fugitive slaves.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 61 citizens of Cort-
land county, New York, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of 26 citizens ot the same place, m
favor of stipulated arbitration, or a Congress of Nations, lor
the settlement of all difficulties with other nations.
Also, me petition ot 40 citizens of Locke,Cayuga county,
New York, for the repeal ol all laws enacted by Congress
for the support of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 42 citizens of Ledyard, Cayuga
county, New York, for the same.
Also, the petiiion of 50 citizens of Locke, Cayuga county,
New Yoik, to secure to alleged fugitives the right ot trial
by jury.
Also, th^ petition of 39 citizen* of the same place, against
the admission of more slave States into the Union.
AW), the petition of 45 citizens ol the same place, foi the
establishment and protection of freedom in the territories.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of N. T. Fitch, Ashley
Stone, and l^o othejs, citizens of Wilmington, YViudham
county, Vermont, foij reducing the charge for postage on
prepaid letters to two cents.
Also, the petition of Ruel Smith and 46 others, of the
same place, that slavery and the slave-trade may he ex-
pressly prohibited by Jaw m the territories of the United
States.
Al-o, the petition of Justus II. Dix and 41 others, citizens
of the same place, that the seal of Government may be re-
moved, unle>y the exi-tmg laws, authorizing slavery in the
District of Columbia, be repealed.
AKo. the petition of Ruel Smith and 48 others, citizens of
the same place, that no State be hereafter admitted into the
Union, whoso eons-mutton does not piohibit slavery.
Also, the petition of the satne and 44 other*, citizens of the
same place., that persons, claimed as fugitives from slavery,
shall, out ol the State to which they are claimed to belong,
only be delivered to the claimants upon the lindmg of a
jury.
By Mr. CORWIiV : The petition of Robert Rodgers and
41 others, citizens ot Clark county, Ohio, piaying Congress
to pass a law, that whenever a pcison shall be aue^ted as
a fugitive slave, in any State othei than that in vv Inch he is
alleged to be held to seivice, he .shall not be delivered to the
claimant, oi his agent, except on the finding of a juiy that
he is the slave of ihe claimant i
Also, the petition of J. F. Harrison and 21 others, citizens i
of the tmvn of Springfield,and its vicinity, in Clark county,
Ohio, on the tame subject.
Akn, the petition til J. F. Harrison and 21 other*,citizens
of the town of Springfh Id, in Claik county, Ohio, to pro-
hibit the aduii-sion of any Stile into the Union, unless its
constitution shall expressly piohibit the existence of slavery
withm its limits.
Also, the petition of Samuel Steel and 20 others, on the
same subject.
Also, the petition of Robert Rodger* and 48 others, citizen's
of Spiingfieid, ami its vicinity, in Clark county, that slavery
and the slave-trade may be expressly prohibited, by act of
Congress, in all the territories ot' the United States.
By Mr. STETSON: The petiiion of Thomas Gregg and
90 others citizens of Brewer, Maine, against the admission
of more slave States into the Union.
Ako., the petition of J. Curtis and 112 others, citizens of
Bangor, Maine, for theVame.
Aho, the petiiion of William Stevens and 63 others, citi-
zen* of Guilford, Main', for the same.
Also, the petition of J. S. Johnson and 122 other*, citi-
zens of Bangor, Maine, for the prohibition of sLvery in the
territories
At so, the petition of William Stevens and 61 others, citi-
zen* of Ginilord, Maine, fur the same.
Also, the petition of John Holyoke and 69 others, citizens
Of Brewer, Mann-', for tin* repeal of all laws supporting
slaverv in the District of Columbia, or that the seat of Gov-
ernment be removed.
AHo, the petiiion of William Stevens and 53 others, citi-
zens ot Guilford, Maine, for the same.
Al<o, the petition of the same and 62 other*, citizens of
Guilford, Maine, for the pa-sage of a law, granting trial by
jurv to p< r-orts arrested as fugitive slaves.
By Mr. BOOTH: The petition of Dennis Camp and 33
others, citizen* -nd electors of Durham, in the Mate of Con-
necticut, prawn? that slavery and the slave-trade may be
psolnhued, by act of Congress, in all the teiritories of the
Ilmtt'd States.
Also, the petition of Dennis Camp and 29 other*, of the
same town and State, praying that provision be made by
law for the trial of fugitive slaves by jury.
.A'*0' die petitn n of D ;nnis Camp and 16 others, citizens
oi me teamown and State, praying for the repeal ofaJl
laws enacted by Confess, by which slavery,oi the slave-
trade is authorized or sanctioned in the District of Colum-
bia, and if such laws are not repealed, that the seat of
Government may be removed to some more suitable loca-
tion.
Also, the petition of Dennis Camp and 39 other0, citizens
of the same town aud State, praying that no State be here-
after admitted into the Union, unless the constitution of
such State shall prohibit the existence of slavery within its
limits.
By Vr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The petition of James
Weaver, praying the establishment of a post-route from
Point Rock, North Carolina, to N* wpurt, in Tennessee.
By Mr. MORSE: The petiiion of G. Laurent, Cvpricn
Broussard, and a large number ot others, asking lor the ex-
tension ot the post-route from Perry's Bridge to Corso's
Mill, and for the establishment of offices, &c.
By Mr. LITTLEFrELD : The petition of Samuel Fessen-
den'and 180 others, citizens ol Portland, Maine, for the es-
tablishim ntand protection offreedom in the termories.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial of Dickson, Mallory
& Co., and various other persons, asking an enlarged appro-
priation for the purchase of a smfuble site for a custom-
house at Norfolk, and for the erection of the building.
Also, the petition of Edward L. Young, praying pecu-
niary relief in consequence of the loss of his right eye,
occasioned by the performance of public duties while m the
naval service.
Also, tht petition of various citizens of ^Norfolk and
Portsmouth, piaving pccurnruy relief for Edwaid L. Young,
in consequence of tile loss ot his ughteye in the public ser-
vice.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of E. II. Garbutt and
120 others, citizens of ihe counties of Niagaia, Orleans,and
Monroe, NewtYoik, praung Congress to establish a niail-
loutefrom Carlton, Oi leans county, New York, loCiiailotte,
in Monroe county, New Fork.
By Mr, McDONALl): The petition of Samuel C. Will-
scm and 17 others, praying bounty land to the soldiers and
volunteers of the Indian wars, and the war ot 1812.
By $lr. PITMAN: The petition ot William Litk and 66
others, citizens of Lebanon county, Pennsj fvartia, asking
Congress to establish an Agucultural bureau.
Also, the petiiion of ^etli K. Snuih and 12 others, citi-
zens ot the same place, and for ihe same purpose.
By Mr. REED: The petition of Thomas E*$ep, Josbna
Wnght, and I'D otheis, citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, lor Hie establishment of an Agucultuial bu-
reau.
Also, the petition of Dr. Simpson, Joseph Alexander, and
452 others, citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
for "such modification of the fanfl as shall seeuuj ample
protection to all the gieat national iiiicresU against loieign
competition.'*
Also, the petiiion of John S. Cratlyand 28otlicr*, for the
abolition of slavery and the slave-trade in the tc.ritones of
the tinned States.
Also, the petition of John S. Cratly and 27 others, for the
repeal of all laws sanciioningslavcry aud the >lave-[Mde in
the Distnct of Columbia, and lor the removal of the seat ol
Government in case of their non-repeal.
Also, the petition of John S. Ci.itly and 30 others, against
the admission nl more slave Siate* into the Union.
Also, the petition of Rev. J)r Stockton and 32 otheis, for
tiial byjuiy for alleged fugitive slaves.
By Mr. FUWLEU * The petition of Nathaniel B Bor-
den, John Wet-tall, and about 120 other citi/'-n* of Fall
River, Massachusetts, pravmgthat sl.tvtivarul the slave-
trade may he expressly pi ohibiled, by act of Congress, m all
the teiritories of the Tutted Slates.
By Mr MANN, of Massachusetts • The petition of J. A.
Woodward and -19 otheis, citizens of Ashland, Massachu-
setts, pravingtot cheap postage.
Also, the petition of Ahjjah Adams and R5 other?, citizens
of the fourth congressional district in Massachusetts, for
the same object.
Also, the petition of Nathan Smith and 337 othus, of
Sandn jch, Massachusetts, for the same object.
Abo, the petition of Wiliaid Sear.-, and 32 others, for the
same object.
AHo, die petition of John Pierpont arid 187 others, of
Medfo/d, Massachusetts, praying for the piohibiuon of sia-
verv in the termories.
Also, the petition of S. Gilbert and 50 others, of Boston,
for the same object.
Also, the petition of John Pierpont and 183 others, prat-
ing for the abolition of slavery and the'slave-trade m the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of T. Gilbert and 44 others, of Massa-
chusetts, for the same object.
Also, tite petition of John Pierpont and 1S5 other*, puu-
ing that no more slave States may be admitted into the
Union.
Also, the petition of Willard Seais and 14 others,'Tor'the
same object.
Also, ihe petition of John Pierpont ami 185 others, pray-
ing for the right of trial by jury for persons arrested as fuc'i-
tive slaves.
Also, the petition of Willard Sears 'and 11 others for the
same object. ' 1
By Mr. BROWN, of Indiana : The petition of Win. Mon-
rony and luo other citizens of Shelby county, Indiana, prav-
inff a giant of bounty land to the s.oJdieis of" the war of 181°
and the Indian wars. . ~5
By Mr. CROWELL : The petition of Reuben Roberts
and other citizens ofGustavus, Trumbull eourm Ohio dipv 1
ing the prohibition of slavery ,n all new S.ates heieafter'to i
be admitted into the Union. {
Also, the petiiion of J. N. Hart and othei., citjzons of !
Gustavo?, 1 rmnlmll counly, Ohio, praying that .sl.iveiy and I
lTnitrtVStatese P™1"1"1611 m 311 th<: teiriMni-a ot Hie '
Ali-o, tlie peution of Hugh Oilman and other citi7Pns of
-  itr"inth ol110' praving for the lepeai of
all law > that authorize and sanction -i^verv and the s'nve-
trade in the city of Washington and District of Columbia,
and if not repealed, that the seat of Government be re-
moved to some more suitable location.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 3, 1850.
The following message was received from the
President of the United Slates, which was read,
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
Washington, Jlpril 3, 1850.
To tkc Senate of the United Slates :
1 transmit a translation of a note, under date the 90th of
last month, addressed to the Secretary of State by the min-
ister of the Mexican Republic, accredited to this Govern-
ment, expressing the views of that Government with refer-
ence to the contiol of wild Indians of the United States on
the frontier of Mexico, as stipulated lor m the eleventh
article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Z. TAYLOR.
INSTRUCTIONS TO OUR AGENT IN HUNGARY.
The following1 message was received from the
President of the United Slates, which was read,
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed :
Washington, March 28,1850.
To the Senate cf the United States:
In compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 22d
instant, requesting the President of the United Slates to
communicate to that body, a copy of the instructions given
to the a ent of the United States, who was employed to
visit Hungary dining the recent war between that country
and Austria, and of the cotrobpondence by and with such
agent, so far as the publication of the same may be con-
sistent with the public int^re-t, I herewith transmit to the
Sena e a copy of the im-ti uctions io A. I)udle> M .nn, esq.,
relating to IKingaiv, he having been appointed bv me spe-
cial agent to that country on the 18th day of June last,
together with a copy of the correspondence with our late
charge •'affaires to Austria, referred to in those instruc-
tions, and of other papers, disclosing the policy of ihis Gov-
ernment m reference to Hungary and hu people. I also
transmit, in compliance with the resolution of the Senate,
hut in a separate packet, a copy of the correspondence of
Mr. Mann with the Department ot State. The latter 1 have
-caused to be marked "Executive,'* the information con-
tamed in it being such as will be found, on examination,
most appropriately to belong to the Senate in the exercise
of its executive functions The publication of this corre-
spondence of the agent, sent by me to Hungary, is-a matter
referted entirely to the judgment and discretion of the
Senate.
It will be seen, by the documents now transmitted, that
no nntustf r or agent was accredited by the Go\ einment of
IJungaiy to this Government at any period since f earn*
into oliice, nor was any cominunicaf on ever received by
this Government from ihe minister of Foreign Aftai.s of
Hungary, or any other executive officer authonzed to act in
liei behalf.
My purpose, as freely avowed in this correspondence,
wa? to have acknowledged the independence ot Hungary,
had she succeeded m establishing a Government dejado, oi>
a basis sufficiently permanent in its character to have justi-
fied me m doing so, according to the usages and settled
principles ol this Government; and although she is now
(alien, and many of her gallant patriots are m exile oi in
(hams, 1 am free still to declare, that had she been success-
ful in the maintenance of such a Government as we could
have reeognr/ed, we should have been the first to welcome
her mio the family of nations. Z. TAYLOR.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 25th ultimo^requesting to be furnished,
as soon as practicable, with any recent report or
other information in reference to the geology and
topography of California, transmitting: 'he reports
of Brevet Major-General Smith and Brevet Bnga-
tlier-Geneial Riley, and a communication from the
Colonel of the Curps of Topographical Engineers,
with a copy of a memoir upon the geology of Cal-
ifornia, addressed to him -by "Philip Ti Tyson,
esq.; which was laid upon the table and oidered
to be printed.
Mr. RUSK moved to print five thousand addi-
tional copies; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
a preamble and resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan, in relation to the questions in contro-
versy between the States, and declaring tfte un-
alterable attachment of the people of that State to
the Federal Union; which were ordered to he on
the table and be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition signed by
twenty-two citizens of Boston, Massachusetts,
asking- the adoption of measures for the adjust-
ment of international disputes by arbitration;
which was icferred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Wisconsin, ask-
ing a reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post-Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Hampshire;
a petition of citizens of Bangor, Maine; a petition
of citizens of Berkshire, Vermont; a petition of
citizens of Cranston, Rhode Island; a petition of
