THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
Aug. 81,
United States for any part of the land which she
may have sold. But if the State should make a
sale of a portion of the land or of the whole of it,
and should be unable to complete the work, then,
as provided by the 4th section of the bill, she has
to account to the United States for the lands thus
gold. If everything works well, there will be no
difficulty, and I admit no account would be re-
quired. But if the land or a part of it should be
disposed of, and the work should fail, then this ac-
count would be required. It is necessary, there-
fore, it seems to me, to modify the 4th section so
as to require the State in that event to account to
the United States for the lands sold at the rate of
SI 25 the acre.
Mr. CASS. First prepare the amendment, and
we will accept it, though I do not think it at all ne-
cessary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, I will do it in
a minute. I move, then, io insert in the 5th line,
of the 4t"h section, after the word " State," the
following words: " not less than $1 25 per acre."
So that the section shall read—
"That if said canal shall not be commenced within three
years, and completed within ten years, the s.iid State of
Michigan shall tie hound to pay to the United States the
amount which may be received upon- the tale of any part of
said land< at not less than $1 25 the acre, the title to the
purchasers under said State remaining valid."
Mr. CASS. Very well, we will agree to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the question can be taken
at once on this bill I do not desire to interpose any
objection; but if it is to he debated further, I must
move to postpone its further consideration until
to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. I hope the question will be taken
now. The bill certainly has been discussed
enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. There is an amendment which
should be made to the eighth line of the second
section, to correct an error made in copying.
The word " Treasury should be stricken out,
and the word " Interior" inserted, so that it will
read Secretary of the Interior, instead of "Secre-
tary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Iam not entirely satis-
fied in regard to the selection of mineral lands, and
unless gentlemen are very certain about it, 1 should
like to look into the matter, and therefore, with
that view, I shall move to postpone 
Mr. SMITH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator, I would suggest that the bill provides that the
selection shall be made by the State, subject to
the approbation of the Secretary of the Interior.
There can be no danger therefore of the interests
of the United States being compromised, as he
will not permit mineral lands to be selected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman will
accept of a proviso, to come in at the end of the
second section, it will obviate all the difficulty. It
" ProvUei, however, That no mineral lauds belonging to
the United States shall he selected."
Mr. CASS. I will accept it if you will promise
that it shall be the last amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from Michigan whether a survey has been made
of this proposed canal, and what is the estimated
cost of us construction ?
• Mr. CASS. There has been a long report on I
the subject.
Mr. DAWSON. What is the estimated cost?
Mr. FELCH. I hold in my hand two reports
made by the topographical engineers on the sub-
ject. In one of them the cost is estimated at i
#455,107 66
Mr. DAWSON. My object was to ascertain
what would become of the balance, if the proceeds
of the land when sold should amount, for instance,
to $1,000,000? (Laughter.)
The 3d and 5th sections were not amended.
They stand thus;
Sec. 3. be it further enacted, That the said lands
hetehy srarited shall he subject to the disposal of the Legis-
lature of sai'i !?tate for the purposes aforesaid, and no other;
and the said can il shall be and remain a public highway
for tliij iw! of the Government ot' the. United States, free
Iroui toll or other charge upon the vessels of said Govern-
ment engaged in the public service, or upon vessels em-
ployed by sanJ Government in the transportation ot any prop-
el tv or troop* of the United Slates.
Sec. 5. Jlrul be it further enacted, That before it shall he
competent for said State to dispose of any of the lands to
be selected as aforesaid, the route of said canal shall he
establishes as aforesaid, and a plat or plats thereof shall be
filed in the office of the War Department, and a duplicate
thereof in the office of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BADGER. I now desire to submit a
motion that was offered by my colleague at a
time when it was not in order. It is, that when
the Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, and the I
motion was agreed to. j
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that the Senate j
proceed to the consideration of executive busi- |
nees. i
The motion was agreed to, and after some time j
so spent, the doors were reopened and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jiugusl 31, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE RECENT MISSION TO LIBERIA.
Mr. SILVESTER asked the unanimous con-
sent of thl House to offer the following resolution:
** Rpsilned) That the President of the United States be
reque&ted to communicate to tins Hou?e, if the same, in his
opinion, is not incompatible with The public interest, i!ie re-
suit of Uie mission of Rpv. II. R. Giirley to the Republic ol
Liberuvand especially the report of that gentleman of his
visi t to that country, which report is now on file 111 the State
Department."
Mr. Mc&UEEN objected—and the resolution
was not received.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY rose, to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to rake up the Indian appropri-
ation bill, and said if the House would allow him
a moment to make a statement, he was sure they
would agree to take up the bill.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said the gentle-
man could only proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. SWEETSER objected.
Mr. DANIEL asked the unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. FRESTON KING objected, and called for i
the regular order of business.
Mr. DANIEL said he hoped the gentleman
from New York would allow him to state the ob-
ject he had in view. He was sure the gentleman
would not object if he understood it.
Mr. PRES TON KING still objected. •
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
o-entleman from New York to insist upon his ob-
jection. The regular order of business is on the
report of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] from the select committee, of which the
gentleman is the chairman. The previous ques-
tion has been sustained, and the main question has
. been ordered;and thegentleman fromNorth Caro-
lina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANLY rose, and, simultaneously,
Mr. CARTTER, who inquired if it would be in
order to move to suspend the rules logo into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. STANLY. I presume thegentleman from
Ohio is not entitled to the floor to make the mo-
tion; but if it be the pleasure of the House, I will
yield the floor for this motion, or for any business
which the Ho'ise choose to take up.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio make the motion ?
Mr. CARTTER. I will, with the consent of the
gentleman from North Carolina, and not without.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection, if the
House desire it. I should like to see the House
take up the bill referred to by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the motion of Mr. Cartter.
Mr. CARTTER said, he had made the motion
with the view of progressing with the considera-
tion of the Texas bill and amendments.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, will not the California bill be first in order ?
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively.
Mr. CARTTER stated that he had made the
motion inadvertently, under the impression that it
was necessary to go into committee to take up the
Texas bill. He hoped the motion would not
prevail.
The motion was put and rejected.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole House on the private
calandar, and on that motion he asked the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
And the motion was put and rejected.
" BUNDELCUJVD," &C.
The SPEAKER again announced, as the regu-
lar order, the report of Mr. Stanly, from the
select committee.
Mr. STANLY took the floor.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will the
gentleman from North Carolina allow me to make
an appeal to the House to take up the Indian ap-
propriation bill?
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection.
Mr. THOMPSON said, the Indians were to
receive their annuities at a certain time; that time
had nearly arrived. In case of failuie, we could
never explain to them why it was that we had not
paid them their money. There was no objection
on the part of any member, he believed, to a single
item of the bill. He asked the unanimous consent
that it be taken up and passed.
Mr. BURT rose toa question of order. Hesaid
he had no objection to the bill, but he objected to
any speech 
Mr. THOMPSON. I desire to makenospcech.
The SPEAKER inquired if there was any
objection.'
No objection was made.
The bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1851, was accordingly taken from the Speaker's
table, and brought before the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the bill had been or-
dered to be engrossed.
Mr. JONES. Has the previous question been
called upon the passage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been read a
third time. . 1 .
The bill then received its third reading.
Mr. JONES moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote, and
to lay that motion on the table; which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
" BUNDEICUND," &C.
The SPEAKER announced as the regular order,
the report made on Wednesday by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] from the se-
lect committee, relative to the interference of office-
holders under the last Administration in elections,
and his resolution directing the Speaker to issue
his warrant to the Sergeant-at-Arras to bring to the
bar of the House Thomas Ritchie and C. P. Seng-
stack, to answer for an alleged contempt of the
House.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor, and spoke at
some length in defence of the course of the select
committee, and in reply to the gentlemen from In-
diana, [Mr Pitch,] from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,]
and from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.] He
quoted the opinions of Mr. Jefferson and others,
adverse to the interference of public officers in the
elections; vindicated Mr. Truman Smith from the
charges made against him by the gentleman from
Indiana; and concluded wife expressing his in-
difference as to the course which might be taken
in reference to the resolution and the report.
[A full report of his remarks will be pubtished
in the Appendix.]
Mr. STANLY having concluded—
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
caused the resolution and amendment to be read,
announcing that the question was first on agreeing
to the amendment of Mr. Schenck to the amend-
ment of Mr. Cartter.
Mr. INGE. To avoid further consuming the
time of the House, I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. M1LLSON. 1 hope not. I hope the House
will come to a direct vote upon the resolution and
