1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment. I ask the yeas and nays on the
motion to' lay on the table.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired if the report
of the committee had been ordered to be printed?
No reply was heard from the Speaker.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired, in case
the motion prevailed, if it would dispose of the
whole subject ?
The SPEAKER. It will lay this report only
On the table.
Mr. McLANE asked if it was in order to move
to discharge the committee from the further con-
sideration of the subject?
The SPEAKER replied it was not.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 82, nays 96; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, A«he, A«hmun, Bay,
Bennett, Bingham, Bissel, Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Bovd,
Biiel, Joseph Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clin^m-m, Cor-
win, Crowell, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney, Dofv, Duncan,
Dwrkee, Eliot, Fowler, Gentry, Gilmore, Green, Gnnnell,
Hall, Hammond, Haralson, Harlan, Haymond, Hihbard,
Hoagland, Hubbard. Inize. J W. Jackson, W T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Julian, Kerr, George G. Kmc, Proton
King, La Sere, Leffier, Levin, Liltlefield. Job Mann,
Robc.rt M. MeLane, Finis E. McLean, McWdlie, More-
head, Morse, Morton, Peaslee, Peek, Rohhins, Root, Ko-=e,
Rn«s, Savage. Sawtelle, Sh<jpperd, F. P. Stanton. R. H.
Stanton, Strone, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs. Tuck, Vinton, Wnldo, Watkins, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, Wtldnek, Williams, Wilmot, and Yomia;—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Alher^on, Alexander, Alston, Averett,
Biyly, Beale, Breck, Biters, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown
Burrows, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Campbell. Cartter,
Casey, Chandler, W R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Cole, Conger,
ppberry. Dickev, Dixon, Dunham, Edmundson, Nathan
Evan?, Ewinsr, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Geriv, Giddtrtss,
Gott. Gould, Halloway. Hamilton. IshamG Harris, Samp-
son W. Hanis, Hav, Hebard, Holladay, Howard,. Howe,
Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, James G.
Kins, John A. King. Marshall. Mason. Mattesim, McCler-
nand.McMullin, McQueen, Million, Moore. Morris, Newell,
Ogle, Orr, Otis, Parker, Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Pu'nam,
Reynolds, Richardson, Robinson, Rockwell,Rnmsey, Sack-
ett. Schenck, Sehertneihorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silves-
ter, SpauUhng, Sprasue. Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens. Stetson,
Taylor, Th^ma?, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Und'Mhill,
Van D>ke,Vemhle. Walden, Wallace, Wentworth, White,
Wilson, and Woodward—95.
So the House determined that the whole subject
should not be laid on the table.
Mr. CALVIN, when his name was called, rose
and said: Mr. Speaker, I agreed with my colleague,
[Mr.-McLanahan,] who has been called home to
see his sick child, not to vote upon certain ques-
tions (and this may be considered one of them) till
next Tuesday.
Mr. McDONALD inquired of the Speaker
whether fhe morning hour had expired ?
The SPEAKER said it had expired.
Mr. McDONALD moved that the Hou^e pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, suggested
that it would be better that the question before the
House should be disposed of now, so as not to
occupy another morning hour.
The SPEAKER Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. McDonald] withdraw his motion ?
Mr. McDONALD inquired of the Speaker
whether the previous question was now in opera-
tion ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. McDONALD withdrew the motion.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Schenck; which is as follows:
" And that said warrant shall be made returnable on the
second Monday of December next."
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, renewed the
motion that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Speaker's table.
The question was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 62, noes 75.
So the House refused to proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Schenck.
The resolution and amendment were read.
Mr. BOWIE desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether it would now be in order to
offer a substitute?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, be-
cause the House is acting under the operation of
the previous question.
Mr. M1LLS0N asked the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered, and
Messrs. Clingwan and Richardson were ap-
pointed, and the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion, which was again read.
The question was taken on Mr. Schf.wck's
amendment, and decided in the negative—yeas 74,
nays 103; as follow:
YEA^—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
Bpnnelt, Bingham. Bokee, Bowie, Brigss, Burrows, Chester
Butler, Thomas B fuller, Joseph Cable, Casey, Chandler,
Clingman, Cole, Conner, Corwin, Dixon, Duer, Duncan,
Ehor, Fowler, Freedlev, Gott, Gould, Gnnnell, Halloway,
ILiymond, Henry, Hdliard, Howe, Hubbard, Inge. William
T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G Kins, Ja«.
G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Maiteson, Finis E.
McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Otis, Outlaw,
Pitman, Putnam, Rockwell, Rose, Rumsev, Schenck,
Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spragiie, Stanly, Thad-
deus Stevens Taylor, John B. Thompson, Thurman,
Toombs, Tm k, Underbill, Van D}ke, Venable, Vinton,
Watkinq, White, and Wilson—74.
NAYS—Messrs, Albert«on. Allen, Ashe, Bay, Baylv,
Beale, Bi<sell, Booth, Bowlin, Boyd, A. G. Brown, W. J.
Brown, Btiel, Burt, G. A Caldwell, Joseph P, Caldwell,
Caitter, W. R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Ciow< 11,1) iniel, Deberry,
Dimmick, Dotv, Dunham, Durkee, E-imund>-on, Nathan
Evans, Ewine, Feather«ton, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman,
Grt m, I lall, Hunilton, Hammond, Hara^on, Harlan, J-diam
G. Harris S. W. Harris, Hay, Hebard, Hihbard, Hoagland,
Holladny, Houston, Howard, Jos. W. Jackson, A. Johnson,
R. W. Johnson, Jone-, Julian, Preston Kins, La S&re,
L^ffler, Liiflefield, Job Mann, Marshall, McClernanrf,
McDonald, McDowell, Robert M, MeLane, McMullen,
McQueen, McWillie, Million, Motehe<«d, Morns, Mor«e,
Newell, Oale, Oir, Paiker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
Richardson, Robhins, Robinson, Root, Ro«s, Snckett, Sav-
age, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Fred. P. Slanton, R.
H Stanton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Tliompsoh, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, Woodward, and Young—103.
So the amendment of Mr. Schenck was re-
i jected.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
substitute of Mr. Cartter.
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table.
Messrs. MARSHALL, HIBBARD, and oth-
ers. demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—ayes 66, noes 72.
So the subject was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon the substitute of
Mr. Cartter, proposing to strike out and insert,
(fee-
Mr. CROWELL inquired if the question was
divisible ?
The SPEAKER replied, that under the rules of
the House the motion to strike out and insert was
not divisible.
Mr. CASEY. Is it in order to move to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is .in order.
Mr. CASEY. I make the motion, and demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was put and rejected.
The question recurred upon ordering the yeas
and nays upon the substitute of Mr. Cartter.
Mr. TAYLOR asked that the amendment be
reported.
The amendment was again read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the subject be recommitted to the com-
mittee, with instructions to proceed by the ordinary process
of investigation to the discharge of their important duties."
Tollers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
McCiuEENand King were appointed.
The question being taken, the tellers reported—
ayes 43
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken were—yeas 46, nays 138; as follow:
YEAS —Me««rs, Albert^on, A-he, Bingham, Bi«i«ell,
Booth, Bowie, Breck, W J. Brown, Joseph Cable, Cartter,
Daniel, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, German, Gott, Gieen,
Hall, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harri<=, Hoagl.uad,
Howard, Hubbard. Inge, Andrew Johnson. Jum 'F L. John-
son, Jones, Lpffier. Job Mann, Mason. McDonald, McMul-
len. Morii<, Olds, Orr. Richardson, Rohbins Rn««, Stet-on,
Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Walden, Whittlesey,
Wildnck, and Young—46.
NAYS—Me«rs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Ashmun, Averett, Rav, B ivlv, Beale, Bennett, Bokee, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Brings Albert G. Brown, Biiel, Burrow*. Burt,
Chester Rutler, Thomas B. Butter, Geoige A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Ca^ev, Chandler, Clatke, Clingman, W.
R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Conger, Corwin, Crowetl, Deberrv,
Dixon, Duer, Dunham, Durkee, Edmund^on, Eliot, Nathan
Evan*, Evvmg. Fentheistori, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Ful-
ler, Gentry, Gerry, Gidding*, Gould, Gnmiell, Halloway,
Hamilton, Hammond, HarnNon. Harlan* flay, Haymond,
Hebard, Henrv. Hihbard, Hollnday, Holme*, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, fo^eph W. Jack-on, Wm. T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr,
George G King. James G. King, John A. King. Pre.-ton
King, La Sfere, Levin, LitN.-fMd, Horace Mann, Marshall,
Matteson, McCfemand, McDowell. Robert M. MeLane,
Finis E. McLean, McQueen, McWMlie. Meacham, Million,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Piunati, Pttfoam, Reynolds,
Robinson, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
t<-He, Schencfe, Schermerhorn. Schoolcraft, Reddon, Shep-
perd, Silvester, iSpraeoe, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
H Stanton, T. Stevens, Strong, Tavlor, Thomn*, James
Thompson,Thurman,Toombs, Tuck,Underbill, Van D.vke^
Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkin«, Wellborn, Wentwortb,
White, Williams, Wilson, and Woodward—138.
So the substitute Was rejected.
The question recurring upon agreeing ftrthe ori-
ginal resolution of Mr. sStani.y, the yeas and
nays wore ordered.
Mr. GENTRY rose and said: I believe the
question is debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous ques-
tion is not ypt exhausted.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was read.
The question, " Shall the resolution be adopt-
ed was then taken, and resulted—yeas 49, nays
132; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Ashmun,
Bennett, Bulo'e, Breck, Brics*, Bunows, Thomas B. Butler,
Campbell, Chandler, Clarke, Coiwin, Crowell, Dickey,
Gott, Gould, Haltoway, Hay, Howe, William T. Jackson,
Jime* G. King, John A. King,,Mars'all, Meacham, Moore,
Nelson. Ogle, Otis, Pitman, Putnam, Reynolds, Rockwell,
Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
Thurman, Underbill. Van Dyke, and White—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Av-
erett, Baker, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bis«ell, Booth, Bowie,
Bowlin, Boyd, Buel, Burt, Chester Butler, Joseph Cable,
Geor«e A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Casey,
Clingman, W R. W. Cobb, Conger, Daniel, Deberiy, Dim-
mick, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Edmundson, Feather-
«ton, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller. Gentry, Gerry,Giddings, Green,
Grinnell, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, L G. Harris,"S.
W Harris, Haymond. Hebard, Hibbnrd,Billiard, Hoa«!«nd,
Holladay, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hunter, Joceph W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jonei, Julian, Kerr. George G. King, Preston Kin?,
La Sftre, Lcfflep, Lmleticlrl, Job M«nn, Ma--on, Maite?on,
MeClernand, McDowll. McKis-ock, Robert M. MeLane,
Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McQueen, McWilhe, Mill-
son, Morehead, Morn*, Morton, Newell, Old-*, Orr. Out-
law, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Potter, Powell, Rn-hard-on,
Robhins, Root, Ro««, Savag'1, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Seddon,
Shepperd, Fredcjick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stet-
son, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Jam^s Thompson,
Venable, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkins,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Woodward,
and Young—132.
So the resolution was rejected. \
The question then recurred on the motion to
print.
Mr. HIBBARD moved that the whole subject
be laid on the table.
The question was taken, and having been de-
cided in the affirmative,
The whole subject was laid on the table.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The question being taken, the House refused to
adjourn.
Mr. BOWLIN, (to the Speaker.) Ts it in order
now to move to proceed to call the committees for
reports ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not necessary.
That is the regular order of business, and the
Chair will proceed to call the committees for reports
if no other motion should be made.
Mr. BOWLIN. As the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Daniel,] who is entitled to the floor,
is not, from the state of his health, prepared to go
on with his remarks at this time, f would suggest
that the call of the committees should be proceeded
with.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar.
The motion, by ayes 55, noe3 83, was rejected.
Mr. WHITE said, that as the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr, Daniel] did not feel able to
proceed with his remarks to-day, he (Mr. W.)
would move that the House take up the appropria-
tion bills on the, Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be made
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WHITE. I am aware of that.
Objection was made.
Mr. WHITE. There is one bill 
The SPEAKER. All remarks are out of order.
The gentleman was entitled to make his motion.
Mr. WHITE. Then 1 will call for the regular
order of business.
•Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HALL moved that the House proceed ;to
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. STANLY suggested, as hia colleague [Mr.
Daniel] was indisposed', that som£ other gentle-
