1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBtl.
Sept. 2,
man be allowed to take the floor, with the general
understanding that it should be awarded to his
colleague hereafter.
The SPEAKER said, this could be done only
by universal consent. -
Cnes of "Agreed," in various parts of the
House.
Mr.'ROBINSON objected, and wished simply
to Pay 
Tiie SPEAKER interposed, and stated that re-
marks were not in oider.
Mr. ROBINSON added, that upon all occa-
sions he had voted for the. previous question, and
he should continue to use hts efforts to bring the
debate to a closest the earliest moment, whoever
might want to speak.
Mr. DANIEL took the floor, and,
After some conversation, he yielded to
Mr. BOWL1N, who moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, called the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The motion was put, and, by yeas '88, nays 84,
it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned.
PETITtON A\TD MEMORIAL.
The following petition and memorial were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. WALDO: The memorial of Cheeny & Brothers
and 18 others, importers and manufacturers of silks, asking
for a reduction of the duties on raw silk.
By Mr. YVILMOT: The petition of Ephraim Roper, of
Canton, Btudfoid county, Pennsylvania, praying Congros
to authonzc the issuing to him of a patent for a longer period
than is now provided lor by law.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, September 2, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read.
Mr. GOTT stated that his name was erroneously
recorded in the affirmative upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter) to the
resolution of the gentleman from North Carolina,
*[Mr. Stanly,] relative to the refusal of Messrs.
Ritchie and Sengstack to answer inquiries pro-
pounded to them by the select committee on that
subject. He had voted in the negative, and moved
that the Journal be corrected accordingly.
No objection being made,
The motion was put arid agreed to.
And the Journal, as corrected, was approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. i desire permis-
sion of the House to make a brief explanation in
regard to some personal matters which occurred
upon the floor of the House.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Mary-
land asks the unanimous consent to make a per-
sonal explanation: is objection made?
No objection was made.
Mr. McLANE Mr. Speaker: 1 desire per-
mission to state that the difficulties which occurred
in this House between Mr. Bayly, of Vnginia,
and Mr. Swektser, of Ohio, have been satisfac-
torily adjusted, by explanation between Mr. Dis-
ney, of Ohio, as tiie fuend of Mr. Sweetser, and
myself as ihe fuend of Mr. Bayly; and every-
thing which was offensive or unpleasant in the
passages between them, lias been withdrawn and
atoned for, and the relations between them as
gentlemen satisfactorily reestablished.
Mr. GREEN made an unsuccessful effort to in-
troduce a resolution, which wa3 offered by him ata
suusequeru stage of the proceedings.
Mr. JONES called up the following resolution,
offered by him under a suspension of the rules on
Monday last;
(< Resolved, That the Spaaker of this House cause to be
procured and placed in ihe front ot ihe Clerk's desk, two
biutabie seats lor the use of the Congressional Globe report-
er*, ami pay lor ihe same out ot the contingent luud ot tiie
HoO-so."
The SPEAKER stated, that the resolution was
the first business in order, and that the question
was first upon agreeing to the amendment offered
by the gentleman ftom South Carolmia, [Mr.
Woodward,J the previous question having been
moved and seconded, and the main question
ordeied.
  The following was the amendment of Mr.
Woodward :
Strike outM reporters of the Congressional Globe," and
insert*' Che reporters to the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman from South Carolina, if his amend-
ment included the word " official" before the word
" reporters."
Mr. WOODWARD. My expression was, " re-
porters to the House."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
ask whether there were such persons known as
reporters to the House ?
Mr. WOODWARD. This resolution makes
the reporters of the Globe repoiters to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON wished to inquire of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, in case this amend-
ment prevailed, how many reporters would be in-
troduced in front of the Cleik'sdesk? ltappeared
to him that theie would not be room in the area to
accommodate them.
Mr. WOODWARD said, it might be true that
the resolution did not define with sufficient pre-
cision those who were the reporters to the House;
but he thought that tho.se who made the reports
which the House procured to be published weie
the repoiters to the House.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Woodward was rejected.
The question being upon agreeing to the reso-
lution,
The yeas and nays were asked; and—the count
being taken by Messrs. Duncan and Meade, tell-
ers—were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 83, nays b2; as follow:
YEAS—Me&sia. Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Bowilon, Bowhn, i:mk, Lhiggj*, Burt, JosepU Cable, Curl-
ier, Cnaudler, Cungtnan, Di-ney, Doty, Durkee, Evving,
Featherston, Fitch, fuller, Guiding-:, Green, Hall, Haralson,
tlatlan, Jshdin G. Harris, Hinbard, Hoagland, Holladay,
Hovvaid, Inge, William T. Jackson, Audi ew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Robert W Johnson, Jone?, Julian, Preston King,
Levin, Joo Mann, McCieruand, McKissock, Meacttam,
Moore, Morse, Motion, Nelson, Newell, Oglu, Olds, Orr,
Owen, IVa^lte, Peck, Puelp , Pitman, Powell, Putnam,
Richardson, Robbtns, Robinson, Ross,Rumsey, Sackett, Sav-
age, Sawielle, SciteriU'rnorn, Seddon, Silvester, Spiague,
Fredeiick P. Stanton, RnhaiU II. Stanton, Stetson, Strong,
Thomas, Toombs, Venubie, Waidtn, Waldo, Watkins,
VVeniworth, and Young—$3.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertxou, Alexander, Beale, Bennett,
Bokee, Boyd, AlbertG. Biown, William J. Brown, Burrows,
Chester Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Campbell, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Con^tr, Corwm,
Crowt II, D imel, Deberry, Dickey, Dunniiek, Dixon, Du'.r,
Duncan, E iori, Nathan Kvanx, Powlfi, Freedley, Gilsuore,
Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hdllow.iy, Hammond, Sampson W.
Harris", iitlh,ml, Houston, J VV Jaek-on, Kaufman, James
G. King, John A. King, La S6re, Lefllor, LtUlefield, Hoi ace
Mann, Marshall, Matieson, McGaugiiey, R. M. McLane, F.
E. McLean, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,MilUon, Morris,
Ou>, Outlaw, Parker, R ynolds, Rockwell, Root, Rose,
Sehunck, Sehooleiaft, Thcvddeus Stevens, Taj lor, Jacob
Tnompson, James Thompson, Thurinan, Tuck, Undeiluli,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Wallace, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey,
Wildrtck, Williams, and Wilson—82.
So the lesolution was adopted.
Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. DUER, and Mr. THOMPSON of Missis-
sippi, asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion.
THE MAIL STEAMERS.
Mr. GREEN then moved that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
speotiuiiy requested to communicate to this House tne luil
ami exact eo-t oi each of the hues of mail sieameis now
m service of the Government, showing the ongin.il ad-
vances, annual and aggregate, to each, and the amounts
>ub>equentl> paid, wiictiiej lor tuel, repairs, provision,
ofheer&' frftlatus, seamen's wages, See.,distinguishing each ;
aUo,\what leeeiptsjuve been paid into the Trea uty from
each line !or postage or otherwise, from said service for
tach year; and also, that he inform the House whether any
ot saul hues have ever been, or are now, hypothecated, by
the contractors, in whole or m part, to any individual, or to
foreign States, cities, corporations, or Governments, s>o as
to hazard their use or availability in the event of war.
• The resolution having been read—
The SPEAKER (in reply to a question by Mr.
White) stated, that as the resolution called for
information, it must, if objection was made to its
consideration at this time, lie over one day after
the rules should have been suspended fonts intro-
duction.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 85,
noes 5(5.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded the yeas and
nays*, which weie ordered.
Mr. GOTr called for the neading of the resolu-
tion; which was again read.
Mr. MILLIARD rose to put inquiry to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Gre£n.] Thfe
inquiry was understood to be, whether.a similar
resolution had not already been adopted by the
Senate?
Mr. GREEN replied, not a similar resolution,
so far as he was informed.
Mr. HILLIARD said, he was informed that
such was the fact, although he could not speak
positively.
Objection was made to further remarks.
And the question, " Shall the rules be sus-
pended?" was again taken, and resulted—yeas
126, nays 53; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albenson, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
A'she, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bingham* Bovvdoti, Bowhn,
Bo\d, Breck, Albert G. Brown, BueJ, Burt, Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Chngman, W. R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Dickey, Dimmick, Disney, Dojy, Duncan, Durkee,
Rwing,Featherston, Filch, Fieedley, Fuller, Genlty, Gerry,
Gidiimg«, Gilmore, Gun, Green, Hall, Haralson, Harlan, I.
G. Hairis, Sampson W. Harris, Henry, litbbird, Hoagland,
Holladay, Houston,Howard, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, J. VV.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Rolieit VV. Johns.ni> Jones,
Julian, Preston King, La Sere, Leffi t, L >vm, LitMi-ru Id,
Horace Mann, J. Mann, Marshall, Mason, McCIernand, Mc-
Gaughey, Robert M. McLane, Fm < E. McLean, McQueen,
MeWtllie, Meacham, Meade, Milton, Morns, Moiton,
Newell, Ogle, O.ds, Orr, Oti.«, Outlaw, X'aiker, Pt-a>lee,
Peck, Phelps. Pitman, Potter, Powell, Ric*hard?on, Robbins,
Robinson, Root, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Shepperd, -
Spra ue, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Undethill, Van D>ke,
Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace, Watkm-*, Wellborn,
Weutworth, Wildrick, Williams, Woodward, and Young—
126.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Baker, Bennett,
Briggs, Brooks, Burrows, Ches-ier Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cole, Conger, Corwm, Crowell, Deberry, Dixon, Duer,
Ehot, Nathan Evans. Fowler, Gould, Giinnell, Holloway,
Ha>mon«l, Hilhard, Holmes, Howe, William T. Jackson,
James. L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Matte^on, Mooie, Nekon, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Rockwell, Rose, Rum^ey, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Spauldmg, Taylor, Toombs, Vinton, and
White—53.
So, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
The resolution being thus before the House—
The SPEAKER said, if no objection is made,
the question will be on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. GREEN called the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, having been taken, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. SILVESTER. I move a suspension of the
rules, to enable me to offer the resolution which I
send to the chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hear what
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Silvester]
says.
Mr. SILVESTER stated his motion.
Mr. JACKSON, of New Yotk. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
on the resolution authorising the Speaker to place
seats for reporters in the front of the Speaker's
table.^ And I ask the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative?
Mr. JACKSON. I did.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. GOTT asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr. FOWLER, and Mr. BROWN of Missis-
sippi, made inquiries of the Speaker as to the
question before the House.
The SPEAKER explained it.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 87, nays 99, as follow:
YliAS—Messrs. Aibeitfeon, Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Aver-
ett, Baker, Bayly, Bingham, Uowdon, Bowhn,Briga>, Wil-
liam J. Brown, BiH, Burt, George A. Caldwell, Canter,
Clubman, Daniel, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Ewing, Ftathct-
ston, Fuller, Gorman, Green, Hall, Haralson, Harlan, bliam
G. Harris, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard, At,drew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones,
Juha , Kantman, Kerr, Preston Ktn<(, Levin, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, McClernand, MeGaughey, McKis^oek,
McWillie, Meacham,Millson, Moore,Moiton, Nelson, New-
ell, Ogle, Olds, Orr, Ou?, Peaseice, Phelps, Potter, PowHI,
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle,
Seddon, Shepperd,Silvester, Spauldtng, Fiedeuck P. Sian-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Sweetser, Thomas, Toomb<, Ven-
able, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, Williams,
Woodward, and Young—o7.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Beale,
Bennett, Bokee, Boyd, Breck, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry,
Dickey, Dtmmick, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Eiiot, Nathan
