632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
acted as Vice President, not to interfere unless a
question of order was made by some Senator. 1
was informed that that distinguished and now la-
mented persoi) had declined to exercise the power
of calling to order for words spoken in debate, on
the ground that he had no authority to do so.
Some thought the rule had been since changed,
and others not; but then there still seemed to be
a difference of opinion as to the power. Under
these circumstances, though my opinion was
strongly in favor of the power, with or without
the rale to authorize it, 1 thought it most prudent
not hastily to assume the exercise of it, but to
wait until "the course of events should show that it
was necessary. It appears to me that that time
has now arrived, and that the Senate should know
my opinion on this subject, and the powers which,
after mature reflection, I think are vested in the
Chair, and the corresponding duties which they
impose. If 1 am wrong in the conclusion at which
1 have arrived, I desire the advice of the Senate to
correct me. I therefore think it better to state
them now, when there is the opportunity for a
cool and dispassionate examination, rather than
wait until they are called into action by some
scene of excitement which may be unfavorable to
dispassionate deliberation and advice; for while
I should shrink from no responsibilities which the
office with which I am honored imposes upon me,
I would most scrupulously avoid the assumption I
of any power not conferred by the Constitution
and rules of this body.
The question then presents itself, " Has the
Vice President, as presiding officer of this body,
the power to call a Senator to order for words
spoken in debate ?"
The sixth rule of the Senate is in the following
words:
" When a member shall be called to order by the Presi-
dent or a Senator, he shall sit down, and every question of
order shall be d"eided by the President without Orb ite, sub-
ject to an appeal to the Senate ; ami the President may call
for the sense of the Senate on any question of order."
It will be seen that this rule does not expressly
confer the power of calling to order either upon
the President or a Senator, but impliedly admits
that power in each, and declares the consequences
of such call.
The constitutional provisions bearing upon this
subject are \'cry brief. -The first is:
" The Vice President of the United States shall be Pres-
ident of the Senate, and shall have no vote unless they be
eqnaity divided."
The next is:
" Each House may determine tile rules of its proceedings,
punish its members fur dij-orderiy behavior, an^l with the
concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
The first clause which I have quoted, confers no
express powers, yet the general powers and duties
of a presiding officer, in a parliamentary debate,
were well understood by the framers of the Con-
stitution, and it can hardly be doubted that they
intended to confer upon the Vice President those
powers, and required of him the performance of
those duties. But the power expressly conferred
to make rules to regulate its proceedings, clearly
conferred upon the Senate authority to make rules
regulating; the conduct of its members, including
its presiding officer. What, then, are we to un-
derstand from this rule?
I have availed myself of the leisure afforded by
the last recess, to look into the history of this rule,
that 1 might, if possible, gather from it the intent
of the Senate in adopting it. I find that one of the
first acts of this body, in 1789, was to appoint a
committee to " prepare a system of rules for con-
ducting business in the Senate."
That committee reported a number of rules,
which weie adopted, and among the rest the two
following:
" 18rh. When a member -I'rtil be called to oider, he shall
sit down until tiie President shall have determined whether
be i> in older or nor. Every question of order shall be de-
cided by the President without debate; and if there be a
doubt in bis mind, lie may cult for a sense of the Senate.
'• 17th. If a member be called to order for words spoken,
the exceptionable words shall be immediately taken down
m writing, that the President may be better enabled tojudge
of the matter."
These rules remained the same until 1828 ; but
in 1826, Mr. Calhoun, then Vice President, de-
clared that, m his opinion, he had no authority to
call a Senator to order for words spoken in debate.
In 1828, the rules were referred to a committee for
revision, and were reported without any amend-
ment to these rules; but when they came up
consideration in the Senate, they were amended so
as to read as they now do, namely:
" 6tb, When a member shall be called to order by the
President or a Senator, he shall sit down; and every ques-
tion of order shall be decided by the President without de-
bate, subject to an appeal to the Senate; and the President
may call for the sense of the Senate on any question of
order.
te 7th. If a member be called to order by a Senator for
words spoken, the exceptionable words shall immediately
be taken down in writing, that the President may be better
enabled to judge of the matter."
It will be seen by the comparison, that the pro-
posed rule expressly recognized the authority in
the President to call to order, and gave an appeal
from his decision, which the former rules did not.
It also made a distinction between a call to order
for words spoken by the President, and by a Sen-
ator for words spoken, by requiring in the latter
case that the objectionable words should be re-
duced to writing, but not in the former. On this
amendment, a long and interesting debate sprung
up, which may be found in Gales and Seaton's
Register of Debates, vol. 4, part 1, p. 278 to 341;
and in this debate, though Senators differed widely '
as to the power of the President to call to order j
without the amendment, and as to the policy of j
adopting it, yet all seemed to conclude that, if j
adopted, he would have less power, and the
amendment was finally agreed to by a vote of!
more than two to one; and thereupon it is re- i
ported that Mr. Cai.hoto, j
"The Vice Prfsident, then rose and said, that he took
this opportunity to express his entire satisfaction with that
portion of the amendment giving to Senators the right of
appeal from the decision ol the Chair, as it was not only ac-
cording to strict principle, but would relieve the Chair from
a most delicate duty. As to the power conferred upon the
Chair, it was not for him to speak, but he as-uned the Senate
that he should always endeavor to exercise it with strict im-
partiality."
It-appears to me, then, with all due respect to
the opinions of others, that this rule recognized the
power to call to order in the Vice President, and,
by implication at least, conferred that power upon
him.
The next question is, Does the possession of the
power impose any duty to exercise it?
The power, it will be seen, is conferred equally
upon the Chair and every member of the Senate,
and in precisely the same language. Is the duty,
then, more imperative, upon the Presidentthan upon
any and every member of the Senate, to perform
the unpleasant but necessary task of exercising it?
There is a marked distinction between this rule
and the corresponding rule of the House of Rep-
resentatives. Uy the 22d rule of that body, a
member mny call to order, but it is made the im-
perative duty of the Speaker to do so. The words
are:
<' If any member m speaking or otherwise transgresses
tile rules of [lie House, the Speaker thitU, or any mi miter
nia.v, call to ordei," &c.
It is perhaps to be regretted, if the Senate de-
sires that its presiding officer should perform this
delicate and ungracious duty, that its rule had not
been equally explicit with that of the House.
The reason why Senators so seldom interfere by
calling each other to order, is doubtless because
they fear that their motives may be misunderstood.
They do not like to appear as volunteers in the
discharge of such an invidious duty. The same
feeling must, to some extent, operate upon the
Chair, unless his duty be palpable. But upon
mature reflection, 1 have come to the conclusion,
though the authority be the same, yet that the
duty may be more imperative upon the Chair than
upon the Senate, and that if the painful necessity
shall hereafter arise, 1 shall feel bound to discharge
my duty accordingly. 1 shall endeavor to do it
with the utmost impartiality and respect. I know
how difficult it is to determine what is and what
is not in order, to restrain improper language, and
yet not abridge the freedom of debate. But all
must see how important it is that the first depart-
ure from the strict rule of parliamentary decorum
be checked, as a slight attack, or even insinuation
of a personal character, often provokes a more se-
vere retort, which brings out a more disorderly
reply, each Senator feeling a justification in the
previous aggression. There is, therefore, no point
so proper to interpose for the preservation of order
as to check the first violation of it.
If, in my anxiety to do this, I should sometimes
make a mistake, 1 am happy to know that the
Senate has the remedy in its own hands, and that,
by an appeal, my error may be corrected without
injury to any one. Or if I have wholly mistaken
my duty in this delicate matter, the action of the
Senate will soon convince me of that fact, and in
that event 1 shall cheerfully leave it to the disposi-
tion of the Senate. But I have an undoubting
confidence that while I am right, I shall be fully
susuiried.
I trust I shall be pardoned for making one or
two suggestions on some points of minor import-
ance. This body has been so long and so justly
distinguished for its dignity and decorum, that I
cannot but apprehend that some neglect on my
part renders these remaiks necessary. We all
know that many little irregularities may be toler-
ated in a small "body that would cause much dis-
order in a large one. The Senate has increased
from twenty-six to sixty members. The natural
tendency of the increase of members is, to relax
the discipline—that when the strict observance of
rules is most essential to the dignity and comfort
of the body, it is the most difficult to enforce.
The second rule is a very salutary one, but per-
haps too stringent to be always observed in prac-
tice. It reads as follows:
" No member shall speak to another, or otherwise inter-
rupt the business of the Senate, or read any newspaper
while the journals or public papers aie reading, or when
any member is speaking in any debate."
Mr. Jefferson, in his Manual, (page 140,)
which seems to be a code of common law for the
regulation of all parliamentary debates m the coun-
try, says that no one is to disturb another in his
speech, &c., nor to pass between the Speaker and
the speaking member. These are comparatively
trifling matters, and yet the rules and law of the
Senate would seem to require that its presiding
officer should see them enforced. 1 trust, how-
ever, that it is only necessary to call attention to
them to insure their observance by every Senator.
But the practice seems to have, grown up.of inter-
rupting a Senator when speaking, by addressing
him directly, instead of addressing the Chair, aa
required by the rule.
The Manual declares that it is a breach of order
for one member to interrupt another while speak-
ing, unless by calling him to order, if he departs
from it. It seems to me that the objection should
be a very urgent one, indeed, that can justify one
member in interrupting another while speaking,
and that all would find it to their advantage if this •
rule were more strictly enforced than it has been,
and that in all cases the Senator rising to explain
should address the Chair, as required by the rule.
As presiding officer of the Senate, I feel that my
duty consists in executing its law, as declared by
its rules and by its practice. If these rules are too
strict, it would be better to modify than violate
thetn. But we have a common interest and feel a
common pride in the order and dignity of this
body, and I therefoie feel that I can appeal with
confidence to every Senator to aid me in enforcing
these salutary regulations. 1 feel it my duty to
say thus much before proceeding to the course of
action 1 have decided upon.
Mr. FOOTE. As an affair in which I was a
participant has been alluded to in a manner satis-
factory to myself, if not to other Senators, I beg
leave to state now, what I intended to state a day
;i or two ago, that if, on the occasion referred to, I
either by word or deed did anything that this
11 Senate, as a legislative body, would consider as
j disrespectful to it in its corporate capacity,! avow
ij the most profound regret for having done so, and
j[ I trust the Senate will make due allowance for the
: i natural infirmities to which wc are all subject,
j and for any error of conduct that may have arisen
i] at the moment.
| Mr. KING. I have listened with great atten-
j tion to the statement of the presiding officer, and
!i entirely concur in the views he expresses of the
j! rights and duties appertaining to that position. It
j| is necessary'—it is essentially necessary, that those
i duties should be strictly performed by the Vice
j President, or any other presiding officer whom the
! Senate may select in his absence. They should
[ feel it to be their imperative duty to enforce order,
! to protect persons in debate, and put down every
| species of disorder. I hope, therefore, that we
j may have this statement placed on the Journal, as
! a guide to other presiding officers, and I move that
: it be placed there, if it meets, as I trust it will, the
full approbation of the Senate.
The motion to enter the Vice President's state-
ment on the Journal was agreed to unanimously.
