1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
Mr. BRADBURY. I move that the remarks
which have just been ordered to be entered on'the
Journal of the Senate, be printed, that they may
be accessible, and bound up with other documents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion goes
to the Printing Committee.
Several Senators. Oh, let the vote be taken on
it at once.
The motion to print was agreed to.
mr. bell's resolutions.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the series of resolutions, some time since submit-
ted by Mr. Bell, which Mr. Foote moved to
refer to a select committee of thirteen.
Mr. BALDWIN resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced some days ago. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD proceeded to address the
Senate in reply to some remarks of the Senator
from Connecticut, and without concluding, gave
way to
Mr. HALE, who said: I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] that if he
desires to move an early day for the Senate to go
into Executive session, this is the moment to do it.
Mr. DAVIS, (of Mississippi.) If it is agree-
able to the Senate, I propose, then, that we have
an Executive session to-morrow, after the close
of the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood,] if he shall desire to conclude.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of saying, that nothing I have to say will inter-
fere at all with the oidinary business of the Sen-
ate. I will not speak at all to-morrow, but con-
clude just here, if the public business shall go on.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no desire to interfere with
the Senator, and I merely desire an Executive
session after he shall close his remarks. I hope
he will go on to the full extent he may propose,
for I should like to hear a great deal more of the
same kind of talk he has given us to-day.
Mr. HALE. This is what 1 desire. I have
ever been anxious to hear a defence of slavery on
this ground, from a gentleman from a slave State,
and I hope he will go on as long as his strength
holds. I move the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator withdraw that
motion for a moment?
Mr. HALE. Certainly, if you will renew it.
Mr. FOOTE. I desire to suggest, that to-mor-
row, after the Senator from Kentucky shall have
closed his remarks, and after the Executive ses-
sion, if no other Senator desires to be heard on
this particular motion, I should like to have the
committee raised, if it could be so. J trust, atany
rate, Senators will permit the vote to be taken to-
morrow, or next day at furthest. I do not wish
to manifest undue uneasiness or eafhestness on the
subject; but I am extremely anxious that the Sen-
ate should come at once to a vote on my motion.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to say, that it is
my purpose, on the day after to-morrow, to call
up the resolution submitted by me, (in relation to
removals from office,) and obtain a vote on it, if
possible. I have a few remarks to submit, and
then I hope it will be convenient for the Senate to
come io a vote upon it.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jlpril 4, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
The SPEAKER announced Ihe following mem-
bers as composing the committee ordered yester-
day to be appointed, on the request of the Secre-
tary of War, for an investigation into his conduct
in relation to the claim of the representatives of
George Galphin:
Mr. Burt of South Carolina; Mr. Grinnell
of Massachusetts; Mr. Featherston of Missis-
sippi; Mr. Gentry of Tennessee; Mr. Disney
of Ohio; Mr. Kraoof NewJersey; Mr. McLan-
ahan of Pennsylvania; Mr. Conrad of Louisiana;
arid Mr. Jackson, of Georgia. _
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Elec-
tions,asked the unanimous consent of the House
to make two reports. ,
1 he SPEAKER said if there was no objection
the reports would be received.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose not, he
said, to make objection to the reception of these
reports, but to inquire of the Speaker what was
the reason that the committees were not called for
reports ?
The SPEAKER said he would state, in answer
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson,] that the reason why the com-
mittees were not called for reports, during the
morning hour, was, that several reports of com-
mittees had recently been made, which had given
rise to extensive debate, in which, day after day,
the morning hour had been consumed.
No objection having been made—
Mr. STRONG made the following reports:
A report from the Committee on'Elections, on
the application of Hugh N. Smith, esquire, to be
admitted as a delegate from New Mexico, accom-
panied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexprdient to admit Hugh N. Smith,
esquire, to a seat in this House, as a delegale'from New
Mexico.
^ Also, a report from the Committee on Elec-
tions, on the application of Alm<5n W, Babbit,
esquire, to be admitted as a delegate from the-State
of Deseret, accompanied by the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to admit Almon W. Bab-
bit, esquire, to a scat in thia House, as a delegate from the
alleged State of Deseret.
On motion by Mr. STRONG, the reports were
ordered to be printed, and were made the special
order of the day for the 29th of the present month.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that he held
in his hand a report which he desired to present,
though it was of no great consequence; but not
having been in his seat at the moment the Com-
mittee on Commerce was last called, he would ask
the unanimous consent of the House now to pre-
sent the report
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said that he
should not object to the reception of this particu-
lar report, but he gave notice that hereafter he
should object to the reception of reports out of
order, until the committees were regularly called.
The SPEAKER inquired if there was any ob-
jection to the report being made.
Mr. JONES called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order of
business to be the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution, heretofore reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, in relation
to the purchase of water-rotted hemp for the use
of the navy, had been referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and on
that motion the previous question had been de-
manded.
Mr. BOWLIN took the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] to yield for a
moment, to allow him (Mr. S.) to correct a state-
ment made by him in the remarks he had sub-
mitted yesterday.
Mr. BOWLIN said he would yield the floor.
The SPEAKER said he would state to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] and to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bowlin,] that
the previous question having been demanded, it
was not in order for the gentleman from Missouri
to make any remarks, nor to yield the floor to the
gentleman from Tennessee for a similar purpose.
Mr. BOWLIN said, he hoped the previous
question would be withdrawn, that he might have
an opportunity of submitting a few remarks.
Mr. JONES now withdrew the objection he
had made to the reception of the report of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. McLane.]
Mr. McLANE was about to make the report,
When further objection was made.
AMERICAN WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour, being the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution report-
ed from the Committee on Naval Affairs, in rela-
tion to the purchase of water-rotted hemp, for the
use of the navy, with the amendment, had been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
And the pending question was on the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BOWLIN and other gentlemen having. ap 
pealed to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Car-t-
ter,] who moved the previous question, to with-
draw it,
Mr. C. finally consented to do so, expressing
the hope, that some other gentleman would here-
after renew it.
Mr. BOWLIN then resumed the floor, but
yielded, for purposes of explanation, to
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, who said that
he desired to correct a mistake into which he had
inadvertently fallen yesterday, in relation to the,
amount of hemp raised in the United States.
From subsequent examination, he found that he
had estimated the amount much too high. He
had been led into the mistake by the amount of
hemp and flax raised in the year 1840, as set forth
in the census tables. Upon reference to the re-
port of the Commissioner of Patents, he (Mr. S.)
found that in the year 1B44 the amount of hemp
was set down in the neighborhood of forty thou-
sand tons. Last year the amount was set down
at a much smaller figure. He supposed that a
fair estimate now would be forty or nfty thousand
tons, and the amount of six hundred tons woultt
be a little over one per cent., instead of the amount
he had stated yesterday.
Mr. BOWLIN said the resolution before the
House had now assumed the worst possible form.
If the Committee on Naval Affairs had directed
their attention to framing a resolution as odious as
they knew how, and as injurious to the farming
interests of the country, they could not have ac-
complished it more effectually than by the resolu-
tion m the form in.which it was now presented to
the House; and though the resistance of those
gentlemen who represented the hemp-growing in-
terest might seem somewhat troublesome to the
House, he hoped they would be excused when
the amount of the interests involved was consid-
ered, and when it was remembered, furthermore,
that he, and gentlemen with whom he acted, were
thrown entirely on the defensive in behalf of the
farmers who were at home attending to their own
business, against those who were attending upon
the halls of Congress, arid electioneering year
after year to carry a monopoly of the supply of
hemp for the use of the navy over the heads of the
farmers. Under these circumstances, he trusted
the House would excuse him for consuming a few
moments in answering some of the positions yes-
terday assumed bv the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [iVtr. Stanton.]
But before he proceeded to this, he proposed for
a few moments to invite the attention of the House
to the report of the Secretary of the Navy, relative
to this question. He did not understand precisely
what influence this Administration exercised in
this House; but it did appear to him, that if there
were ever a case presented, in which the recom-
mendations of the executive officer having charge
of the department interested, had been treated with
the utmost contempt bya committee of this House,
it was the case now presented. No respect was
paid in this case to the recommendation of the
executive officer as to what would be the require-
ment of the navy, and what was the best mode
of supplying that requirement. He thought he
should be able to show that Mr. Billings, as far as
this contract was concerned, was the Secretary of
the Navy de facto, and that the House were a&ked
to legislate upon his views as to what the interests
of the navy required, and utterly to disregard the
opinions and recommendations of the he&d-of the
Naval Department.
He wished the House more distinctly to under-
stand this question. He knew that it would never
receive the sanction of this body, if it were under-
stood, as gentlemen who acted with him were
here representing the interests of the men who
raised the hemp, against the efforts of those who
claimed to stand between the grower and the con-
sumer, and who reaped a large share of profits off
of the farmers. That was the position which
they occupied. He desired that this thing should
be looked into, from its foundation. The farmers,
whom they represented here, had never hung
around the halls of Congress, begging their aid
and influence m this matter. They had never
come to ask the peculiar attention of Congress, or
to attempt to induce Congress to take such legis-
lation as would promote their interests, to the
injury of other great interests. They scorned
any such effort. They desired that the market
