634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
should be thrown open to the competition of all,
ami they w,ere willing to take their chances.
What, then, had produced these great difficul-
ties? They had begun in 3840, and had been in-
Greasing since that time. They had begun as
saon as the western States became hemp-growing
States—as soon as hemp became one of the great
staplesof the country. They had originated in the
influence and efforts of persons who said to the
Naval Committee of Congress, and to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, that it was for the interest of
the farmers that they should be placed between
the farmer and the Government, to reap fifty or
o e hundred per cent, profit on the sale,* to the
Government, of the hemp produced by the farmer.
The difficulties had begun by persons visiting and
remaining around the halls of Congress, under the
vague pretence of teaching them what the inter-
est?? of the country and of the navy, as well as the
encouragement and protection of thus great staple
required. Under the influence of this kind of
electioneering, resolution afier resolution had been
passed by Congress, from time to time, and now
this resolution was attempted to be passed, which
struck a heavier blow upon the hemp-growing
interests than any which had preceded Jt. lie
alluded to the character of those resolutions, ex-
plaining particularly the provisions of the last res-
olution, and the action of the Secretary of the
Navy under it, out of which thi3 claim of Bil-
lings arises. The resolution had authorized the
Secretary to contract for hemp, for the supply of
the navy for five years, or not, he saw fit. Me
had advertised for bids, reserving to himself the
right of decision, whether he would give out the
contracts at all, or not. Under such an advertise-
ment, several bids had been received, and among
them that of Bilhngs, who bid for all the hemp the
navy m cht require for five years. The Secretary
of the Navy, acting upon his responsibility as a
public officer, had repudiated that bid upon two
grounds—fust, becuuse of its illegality in point of
form; and second, in the exercise of his discretion,
according to the terms of his proposals. He had
full authority to do so under the terms of his ad-
vertisement,"and under the resolution of Congress.
Mr. McLANE interposing, (and the floor being
yielded,) said lie wished to know whether the
effect of repudiating the claim of Billings would
be to.leave the subject open, fully, absolutely, or
whether il would allow somebody else to come in
and claim the contract?
Mr. BOWLIN replied thatthey wonted to leave
it open entirely—ft) wipe out every resolution
which had crippled them, and give theTarmcra the
benefit of an open market.
He now invoked attention for a moment to the
report of the {Secretary of the Navy. Though he
differed with the Secretary politically, and did not
intend to stand here ns his defender, yet he thought
his opinions, relative to a question involving the
interests of the department over which he had
been called to preside, emitled to at least some re-
spect. The Secretary of the Navy in iiis report,
said:
Under the authority vested m the department by the
retention, hud there been no objection to the legality
ol" the bill.-, Uit'iiwlvus, it would have d'-clmel cnn-nnir
into coitnart foi the s>up Iv neee^-Hry for the nevi live
joara, as the lesull of such conttnct, n marie, would Imve
befell to create au absolute monopoly, in the hand-. of a
hingie individiiiil or an assort.ili-m, of the eniiie -supply 01
wutvr-ruttul hemp for the uavy, to the exclusion of the
Urifmr-4 and growers, for whose ' benefit the resolution was-
obviou.-lv hittMidod,"
it had been suggested to him, that the inquiry
of tin-gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Mc.La.nr]
involved a question which needed a clearer expla-
nation. He would give it to the gentleman. What
they wanted was simply this: since hemp had be-
come a staple in this country, there had been con-
stant efforts by speculators to get resolutions
passed by Congiess, forcing the department to
contract for the supplies of hemp it needed, for
long net iods of time, changing thereby the ordinary
course of contracts. What they wanted was to
wipe out all these resolutions at once, to get back
again to the former state of things, and provide
that hemp should be purchased within a limited
price in open maiket, wherever it could be obtained,
and that it should be purchased by the agents of
the navy, who now had nothing to do—whose
offices had become mere sinecures.
Mr. McLANB inquired if the gentleman un-
derstood, if these resolutions were rejected, that
these agents could purchase in full competition
with the merchants and ship-builders of the United
States, and that the Government would have no
monopoly in the matter ?
Mr. BOWLIN replied, no, there would be
no monopoly on the part of the Government, but
it would purchase in open market, in fair competi-
tion: that was exactly what he desired. There
was a mistaken idea floating about this Hall, that
the opposition-to this resolution was got up to bene-
fit certain other bidders than Billings. He had no
personal objections to Mr. Bilhngs, but would as
soon see h*m have thecontract, if such contract was
to be given out, asTodd and Crittenden, for whose
benefit it was said all this affair was going on ifi the
Hall. Todd and Crittenden had nothing more to do
with it than the man m the moon. If this resolu-
tion were rejected, Todd and Crittenden would
stand side by side with the farmers of Missouri,
and those farmers could sell no more hemp than
this firm, or other individuals, unless they fur-
nished a better article, or at ch.eaper rates. It
was a great mistake that this movement was in-
tended to allow the Secretary of the Navy to bene-
fit his favorites—their measures did not look to
that end. A free trade and an open market, in
the most enlarged sense of the term, was pre-
cisely the ground on which they stood. They
wanted to take their chance on equal terms with
cotton and tobacco, uncrippled with any of these
monopolizing contracts.
He would now read a sentence from the speech
of the honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stanton] yesterday, and he would remark that
he subscribed to the sentiment—to every word
and letter—but not to the conclusion which the
gentleman drew from it:
*' The only eoiisiri^ranons which should govern the action
of the Hou-e, hi tU dcci-ion upon tin* question, ought to be,
mi the fiist place, to pioeure American hemp, it it could be
procured ; m the .-eeoud place, to secure the interes-l of the
Government by eveiy r< guiutiou winch was calculated to
seeuic it."
To that he said amen. But he put it to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, in all candor and frank-
ness, whether, if Mr. Billings had been at home
attending to his business, as the farmers of the
West were, it would ever have entered into the
conceptions of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to have given him a monopoly ovei\the farmers'
heads for five yours. 4
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, in reply to the
question which the gentleman from Missouri had
put directly to him, u whether the committee, in
* the event that Mr. Billings had lemained at home,
i would have thought of giving him the monopoly
' in this matter," would simply state, that if Mr.
Billings had not been a bidder, under the condi-
tions prescribed by the Navy Department—if he
had not been the lowest bidder—if he had not (in
their judgment) been fairly, justly, honorably, en-
titled to the coritiact—the committee never would
have thought of proposing tins provision for his
benefit. *
And again: the Naval Committee would not
have done it even under these circumstances, if
they had not believed that the interests of the Gov-
ernment would be secured, ftom the fact which
was clearly, distinctly placed before the com-
mittee, that the proce^ used by Mr. Billings, 111
the preparation of the hemp, made an article su-
perior to any foreign or American hemp that had
ever before been furnished to this Government, as
had been abundantly proved by tests.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, desired to ask
the gentleman Irom Tennessee, a simple question,
viz: whether there was any proof, official or oth-
erwise, independent of the declaration of Mr.
Billings, that his hemp was superior, or that he
was capable of making a superior quality of
water-rotted hemp, to that which the farmers of
Kentucky, and of other States, could produce?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he would
state in reply, that this was a mere'technicality.
It was tiue that Mr. Billings's name was not men-
tioned in the report, but it was clearly known to
the committee—•independently of the testimony of
Billings—that the hemp which had stood the high-
est test was that prepared by his process.
Mr. STANTON, of Ketnucl^y. How do you
know that?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I know it
from other gentlemen besides Mr. Billings, and it
was a question about which there was no doubt
with the committee—about which they were per-
fectly satisfied.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said that the
herrf£> which had stood the highest test at St.
Louis was prepared by a company called the
American Hemp Company, and not by Mr. Bil-
hngs.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, had only to
say in regard to the doubt that had been attempted
to be thrown upon the question of the test of the
hemp prepared by Mr. Billings, it was altogether
the result of the moment, and it was a mere tech-
nicality, and without a particle of justice. The
thing had never been doubted before; it could be
established by the affidavits of one hundred wit-
nesses, if necessary.
Mr. BOWLIN resumed, and recurring to the
extract he had read from Mr. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee, repeated that it embodied precisely the
doctrine for which he (Mr. B.) had been contend-
ing since he had first raised his voice on this ques-
tion; but he disagreed entirely with the gentleman
in the conclusion to which he had come. He re-
peated the question which the gentleman from
Tennessee had partially answered, and he addressed
it to every member of the House, whether he be-
lieved that if Mr. Billings had not been hereabout
the hails of Congress from year to year, attend-
ing upon the members, it would ever have entered
into the head of anyone to give a monopoly of
this contract into his [Mr. Billings's] hands? The
gentleman from Tennessee had said that the in-
terests of the Government should be first con-
sulted, and next to that the interests of the hemp-
grower should be protected and encouraged; and
yet he proposed to give Mr. Billings a monopoly
for five years, and oblige the farmers to sell to him
their products at whatever price he saw fit to pay.
It was said that Mr. Bilhngs made the best
hemp. Why, he would eternally make the best
bemp if they gave him the furnishing of all the sup-
plies, and left the farmers altogether unaided, un-
protected by their system of legislation. But if
they opened the door, and gave the farmers an
equal chance in the market, he (Mr. B.) under-
took to say they would produce hemp of an equal
quality.
Now, in connection with the proposition to
compel the Secretary of the Navy to take a con-
tract of Billings for three hundred tons, was the
proposition to raise the test from four thousand
two hundred to fourthousund four hundred. The
gentleman from Tennessee had said that he had
seen the Secretary of the Navy upon this point,
and that the Secretary approved the proposition.
So had he (Mr. B.) seen the Secretary of the Navy,
and had asked him if such a test was required.
The Secretary had told him no; that the present
test was abundantly sufficient for ail the purposes
of the navy; an^ that he did not require or demand
any such increase of test.
But why was this increase of test proposed?
Our farmers were about to be plundered—he used
strong terms—they were about to be delivered
over, bound hand and foot, to the tender mercies
of the speculators. Why was this increase of test
proposed? It was known to Billings, and to the
House, and the country, that the farmers of the
West could bring up their hemp to the test re-
quired by the navy, and by the other Governments
of the civilized world. This Billings, having all
his implements already prepared, could perhaps
make a little better article for the first year, and it
was his effort to secure a monopoly, and drive out
all competition for five years, hoping thereby to
secure a monopoly forever. Whence came this
idea of an increased test? From the Secretary of
the Navy? No; he utterly repudiated it. It
came from the Secretary of the Navy de facto—
from Bilhngs, the gentleman who set up his opin-
ion to be legislated upon by Congress, for the ben-
efit of the American navy.
Mr. McLANE ajjain interposing, (and Mr. B.
yielding,) said he felt as much interest in the sub-
ject as the gentleman from Missouri could feel.
He had not, however, the same confidence in
his own information and judgment as he had in
the information and judgment of that gentleman.
He desired, therefore, a more explicit answer to
the inquiry he had before put to the gentleman.
He understood very well that the resolution re-
ported by the Naval Committee had for us object
to confirm, to a certain extent, the contract of
Billings. He himself entertained an insuperable
objection to this House attempting to put itself in
the attitude of contractor for the navy; he could,
