1728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Sept. 2.
the special order, and that that motion be laid on
the table.
Ordered accordingly.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. VAN DYKE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Resolvel, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructor! to report to this House, as speedily as possible, a
bill to modify our present revenue laws, and so to increase
the duties on foreign articles, which come mto competition
with our own products, as to give fair and reasonable pro-
tection to the labor and industry of this country^and that
such duties be made specific whenever it is practicable to
do so.
The resolution having been read,
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to offer the resolution, and
on that motion he asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 89, nays 98; as follow:
YEAS Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Baker,
Bennett, Bokee, Brecfc, Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler,
Thomas B Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke. Cole, 'Cornier, Convin, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon,
Duer Duncan, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley,
Gentry Giddings, Gilmore, Gott, Gould,Grmnell, Halloway,
Haymmuf, Hefny, Houston, Howa, William T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G King, James G. King,
John A. King, Horace Mann, MaishaM, Mason, Matte oii,
McG m 'liev, IMcKissock, lYleactjaiu, Moore, Nelson, New-
ell C«le On4?, P^k, Phoenix, Pknam, Putnam, Reed, Rey,
noids° Robbina, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, SacketE,
Sehenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcralt, Shepperd, Silvester,
Spaulilinsr, SprHgue, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
James Thompson, Thurman, Tugk, Underbill, Van Dyke,
Vinion, Waldo, Watkins, White, and Wilson—89.
NAYS Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averutt, Beale, Bins-
ham, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowhn, Boyd, Albrrt G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Cartter, Clingman, W. R. W.Cobb, DanM,
' Deb rry, Dimmick, Disney, Dotv, Dunham, Durkee, Ed-
mund-on, Jawing, Featbt-rston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gor-
man, Green, Hall, Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris. Hibbard, Hilhard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howard,
Inge, J. W. Jackf-on, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Julian, Preston King, La S&re, Leffler, Littlefield, job
Mann,McOlern:ind, McDowell, RobertM. McLane, FinisE.
McLean. McMullen, McQueen, ftlc Willie, Meade, Milton,
Morris, Morse, Morton, Olds °rr> Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
pcaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fredeiick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweeper. Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Well-
born, Wentvvorth, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Woodward, and
Young—9d.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
THE DISTRfCT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, asked leave to
report, from the Committee on the Distiict of Co-
lumbia, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the b: is and joint resolutions reported
from the Committee on the District of Columbia be made
the special order of the day lor the third Friday and Satur-
day in Sepember.
Objection was made.
.Mr. BROWN moved that the rules be suspended
to enable him to offer the resolution; and he de-
manded tellers.
The House refused to order tellers.
And the motion was put and rejected.
So th^tesolution was not received.
DUTY ON IRON.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked leave to offer the
following lesolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
, struct*d to repoit a bill so modifying the tariff ot 1846 aa to
' make the duues on uon *-peahc at the rates they wouid now
be if the ad valorem duty of 1846 had been made a specific
du;y equal to the ad valorem duty levied by that act at the
tiuie u became a law.
Mr. HALL and others objected.
Mr. PRESi'ON KING moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. OUTLAW moved that the House adjourn.
The motion, by ayes 67, noes 79, was rejected.
The question then recurred on the suspension of
the rules.
Some conversation followed between the Speak*
er and Mr. HOUSTON, on a point of order.
Mr. DUER inquired of the Speaker whether it
would be in order to move to proceed to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER yaid, it could only be done by
unanimous consent, or under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. WHITE. After the pending question shall
have been disposed of, will it not then be in order
to proceed to the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the States for resolutions; but so
long as gentlemen address the Chair, are recog-
nized, and make motions to suspend the rules, the
Chair cannot proceed to call for the regular order
of business.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 85, nays 104; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Baker, Bennett,
Breck, Brigus, Brooks, Burruws, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole,
Conger, Corwm, Crowell, DicKey, Dixon. Duer, Duncan,
Eiiot, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Fieedley, Gentry, Gilmore,
Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Hrtlloway, Hammond, Haymond,
Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James L.Johnson, Kerr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Pieston
King, Horace Maim, Job Maun, Mason, Matieson, Mc-
G.iughey, Robert M. McLane, Meacham, Moore, More-head,
Nelson, Oile, Olis, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Robbnis, Rockwell, Sackett, Schemierhorn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly,
Strong, Taylor, James Thompson, Tlmrman, Underbill,
Van D}ke, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins, White, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Albejtson, Allen, A-he, Averett, Bayly,
Beale, Bingham, Bukee, Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowl n,
Boyd, Albert G. Brown, William J. Baown, Buel, Burt,
Joseph CaUle, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Cartter, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, De-
berry, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmund-
son, Ewing, Foatbeibton, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Goiman,
Green, Hall, Haralson, [Iarlan, Isham G. Hairis, Sampson
W. Harris, Hibbard, Hiliiard, Ho'igland, Holladay, Howard,
Hubbaid, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Wdliam T. Jackson,
Andrew Johi^on, Robert VV. Johnson, Jones, Julian, La
Sere, Loftier, Littlefield, McClernand, McDonald, McDow-
ell, McMullen, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Millson, Mor-
ris, Morse, Morton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
Pcaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robin-
son, Root, Roae,Ros.s, Rum^ey, Savage, S.uvtHJe, Schenck,
Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stet-
son, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Tuck,
Wallace, Wellborn, Wenlworth, Whiuhsey, Woodward,
and Young—104.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
Mr. HOUSTON asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, which he sent up to the Clerk's desk.
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, September 2, 1850.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
inhabitants of the counties of Wairen, Washing-
ton, and Saratoga, m the State of New York, pro-
tecting against the extension of " Parker's patent
percussion and reaction water-wheels;" which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of Sam-
uel Perrine, setting forth that he has charge ot the
surf-boat with appuitenances, station No. 7, on
Jersey coast, between Sandy Hook and Little Egg
Harbor; and that it is attended with considerable
trouole, and consumes much time, and asking that
compensation may be allowed him; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BELL presented the petition of citizens of
Morgamown, in the State of Tennessee, asking the
establishment of a mail route from Knoxville,
through Morgantown, to Madisonvtlle, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition from
citizens of Iowa, asking the establishment of a mail
route from Fairfield to Waugh's Point, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE submitted a document in relation
to the claim of Rufus Hoyt to an increase of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the proceedings of a
public meeting, held in Montgomery, in the State
of Alabama, containing a preamble and resolutions
asserting the constitutional rights of the South, and
declaring their intention to uphold them, and
urging the adoption of the Missouri compromise
line ot 3b° 30' as the proper basis for the adjust-
ment ot the question of slavery.
In presenting the resolutions Mr. Clemens
said? I have had these resolutions in my posses-
sion for more than a week, but have been pre-
vented from presenting them by serious indispo-
sition. The resolutions are those of the usual
character of those recently adopted by southern
meetings, except that they go on to denounce by
implication the action of the Senate in the settle-
ment of the Texe^s boundary. Now, sir, I hold
that those gentlemen had a perfect right to request
me to present these resolutions, but considering
the votes you and 1 have given upon this question
of boundary, they had no right to expect me to
present them in silence. I therefore take occasion
to say, that however respectable that meeting may
have been, in my opinion it does not reflect the
sentiments of moreHhan one-tenth of the people
of Alabama. This is not the issue the people de-
sire to make, and I has no hesitation in saying
that the Montgomery meeting have mistaken pub-
he opinion. A clear invasion of southern rights
1 hope the people of Alabama will always be
ready to resist, but they are not prepared to light
the flames of civil war because a proposition has
been made to Texas to settle a question of dis-
puted boundary by mutual agieement. If a
wrong has been done, the remedy is in the hands
of Texas, and I think she is competent to judge
for herself what her honor and her interests de-
mand.
1 add further, that, however much respect the
members of tbat meeting may be entitled to, and
however kindly I may be disposed to regard them,
I must think the Senate of the United States, with
the means of information in their possession,
quite as well qualified to decide correctly the
matter in dispute.
The resolutions were then ordered to lie on the
table.
'PUBLIC OFFICES IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by utfknimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire mto the expediency of making an appropriation
for tin- purchase of a site and commencement ot a building
for the put poses of a custom-house, independent trtasuiv,
post office, and oiher officts foi the use ot the United States,
in the city ol St. Louis.
COLONY OF LIBERIA.
Mr. DAYTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was consideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to com-
municate to th.i Senate the re.pm t ol the Rev. R. R. Gurley,
who was recently sent out by Government to obuun infor-
mation in respect to Libetia.
OVERFLOWED LANDS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DOWNS, m pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to aid the
Siate of Louisiana in reclaiming the ovei flowed
lands therein, and for other purposes.
Mr. D., in asking leave to introduce this bill,
said:
Mr. President : As this is an important bill to
the State which 1 lu part represent; as its intro-
duction has been delayed for some time for a re-
portfrom the Department of the Interior; as 1 have
devoted more attention to the subject than I sup-
posed the Committee on Public Lands, to which I
shall move its reference, could find time to do at
this late and busy period of the session; and as it
might be construed to grant more than it does, I
wish to make a few remarks in explanation of it.
A greatcalamity has twice, in less than two years,
afflicted Louisiana, and there is reason to ftar, un-
less prevented, it will become annual. Nor pru-
dence, or foresight, or employment of means at
her command, could have prevented it: I allude to
the inundation of the delta of the Mississippi and
us tributaries in that State.
To form a correct conception on the subject, it
is proper to look at the extent of the land in Loui «
siana subject to overflow. The Mississippi river,
which foi ms a boundary line for many other States,
runs through Louisiana alone, and enters the ocean
by us many debouchments in her borders; its
western shore, from the Arkansas line to the Ba-
hze, a distance of some seven hundred miles, and
its eastern shore, from the line of the State of Mis-
sissippi, a distance of two hundred and fifty miles,
to the Gulf of Mexico, being in that State, near one
thousand miles on both sides, and all alluvial and
subject to inundation, except at a few spots on the
eastern border above Baton Rouge, where the
high lands first appear on the river. In addition
to this, the banks of Red river, Ouachita river,
Black river, Atchafalaya, and other navigable riv-
ers and bayous, with many thousand miles more
of shore, are thus subject to inundation.
The quantity of land subject to inundation is
about ten millions of acres, or more than one third
of the State. To give an idea of the destruction
