THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, I*Y JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR TI11S SESSION.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1850.
grant relief. This may be correct as a general
principle, but can have no application to a case
such as we are now considering, for many reasons,
some of which I will mention. The power of the
National Government to grant relief, I presume,
cannot and will not be disputed in such a ease os
this; for it has never, I believe, been seriously
questioned that it may, as a great landholder, eon-
\ tribute a portion of its land, or the proceeds, to m-
! crease the value of the other. It is in accordance
provements. Mr. Calhoun, the great champion of
a strict construction of the power of the General
Government, never, I believe, doubted such a
power, and once proposed to cede all the public
Delta on 1st of July, J849, showing clearly the
injury and danger of the city. Extensive em-
bankments were, after the overflow of that year
had subsided, thrown up-, yet all tins, it is thought,
would not have saved the city in the last great
overflow of 185d, if the great Bonne Carro cre-
vasse, more than one, thousand.yards wide and five
or six feet deep, had not taken off so much of the
•waterabove the city as to prevent it.
So much for the overflow of 1849. That of the
present year, which has now just subsided, was
still more extensive and destructive. 1 prefer, in
this instance, as in the other, to adopt the language
of another public officer, highly competent to
jud°:e of such a matter, and not a citizen of the
State, or having any bias or sympathy with her
on the subject.
John Wilson, Esq., the able and experienced
head of the surveying department of the General
Land Office, who was sent to Louisiana last spiing
by his department, to put in opeiation the system
of selections of the swamp lands ceded to the State
by the act of the 2d of March, 1849, being in that
country when the overflow was at its highest point,
thus describes it in his report, sent in by the Sec-
retary of the Interioi, on the call made in the Sen-
ate recently :
"The river h
!evee«, was washing over the. couniry with the force of a
torrent, carrjirg ruin and /Instruction in it-, course. Where
the lev. cs were sufficiently High and strong to re«ift the
pre-^ure ofthe wafer, the rear lands wer- inundated bvthe
river flowing through the crevas-.es or creeks, &.e., until the
whole, except a few hundred feet of the front land, nexi the
levers, was overflowed.
" A gieat number of plantation1? and settlements were en-
tirely submerged, and the only mode of access oi egress left ;
to the inhabitants was by boats or platforms, erected'where j
practicable, on fiames ohove the surrounding waters. This i
slate of things wa- not limited to the country: some of (he '
villages or town* along the river were in a like condition, '
the ?-tieett> being wholly under water. The inhabitants [
were thus deprived of every oppott unity of engaging in any
indu-t'ial purt-uit, and consequently of the mean-, of earn-
ing suboiaiefict*, ;is the laud could not be cultivated ; and in -
many eases there was not sufficient dry ground on which
to cut wood for fuel for steamboats that navigate the uver. -
The cattle had taken refuge on the most tlevated snot--, and
were Peking a scanty sub.sist< ncc from the leaves ofbushes
on the top-of'the young eane ; and frequently, getting into '
deep water, were earned away by the force of the current 1
and drowned. !
" The scene for many miles thus presented win harrow- >
ing in the extreme, and appeals to every principle of human- !
Uy for all the «uecot and relief that can be extended m the \
p'rmises. Ni ithi r w.i< it temoorary in its character, for I ;
wa- assured by many that it was nearly as bad as last year ;
and the year before ; and that there had be* n but httte, if i
any, abatement of the ev>l since the early part ot last Janu- '
ary. !
" [t is estimated that property to the amount of millions ;
of dollars- ha-* been de-tro.ved; and although the cit> ot New I
OiJean*. anil a considerable portion of the southern section -
of the State, have been preserved by the drainage of the 1
surplus water through the crevasses, and over the country I
above, tho.-e portions of the State can have no guaranty of ;i
an immunity fiom a hke infliction till a radical remedy is j]
ap,)htd." 4 _ ij
Such is faintly—for no language could adequately \\
describe it—the extent of these great calamities, :|
which it now seems there is too much reason to :
fear will become annual, unless some adequate i
remedy can be speedily applied.
In ordinary afflictions, I am aware it may be !
said that the States have no right to demand, and j
31st Congress, 1st Session.
rsnnr,-— ■-|i«u,,u9inriTi ^
of these overflows, I will quote descriptions of
them by competent public officers, who saw them
and made reports upon the subject. And first,
from (he State engineer of Louisiana, in his last
annual report, speaking of (he overflow of 1849,
that of 1850 not having then occurred. He says:
"Between the mouth*of Red river and the Italian nine
large cu-va-ses occurred; above that point the whole region
•was under water; Red river spread destruction fiom the
Raff to the Mississippi by its infuriated floods; from three to
Jive millions of dolars worth of jsroperttj w<t$ destroyed; and , . .  - ....... _      
who can tell what wo'ild have been the fate of New'Orleans !j with this principle that Congress has frequently
am. v owercoa^t a< not these crevasses occurred r" I! before, and at its present session, granted land to
. have added, indeed, that all the exer- j, aj(j jn the construction of railroads and other im
ttons or the citv authorities and the expendiinre
6f some §100,000 could not prevent the overflow
of about one third of the city for more than a
month I have .here an interesting map of the in- ; |luwei#ltllu WIMW w c„c KuVII,
undated district at the time in the city and vicinity, jj lands in the States to them; and President Polk,
taken from surveys o. an able engineer, Professor ,j who went as far as any public man against apnro-
Forshey,snd ar](J published in the | priations for interna! improvements by the General
Government, as one of the last acts of his brilliant
and successful administration, signed the act of the
2d March, 1849, " to aid the State of Louisiana
in draining the swamp lands therein," which
granted lands to the Slate for the same purpose as
is now intended by the bill under consideration.
The power, then, cannot be doubted.
As little can the justice, equity, expediency,
or wisdom of such relief as is here sought be
drawn in question. It is just and equitable, he-
cause the levees, heretofore made entirely at the
expense of individuals and the State, have, re-
claimed, as the official documents show, 1,719,188
acres of overflowed land, which has been sold by
the Government for 2,143,885 dollars. The whole
of the receipts from sales in the State, up to the
1st of January, 1849, amounted 4,086,409 dollais,
more than one half bems thus recetved from le-
claimed lands for the benefit of the United States.
They ought to make some remuneration for this.
The expenses of making and keeping up these
levees cannot be exactly estimated, but they no
doubt amount to many millions.
Here what Mr. Wilson says in his report on
this subject:
'•All the rear lands, that are of any value, have been re-
claimed by the construction and perpetuation oftho«f levees;
"The river having broken through the embankment® or i| am! thus, so far as any of those lands have been sold by the
: j Government, (and it is believed that hundreds of thousands
'i ol acres ol me > lands have been sold,) the Government has
11 be en so far benefited at the evpen--e of the people of Louit-i- i
11 ana ; for none of those land* would iiuve been disposed of j
j! had they not thus been reclaimed." j
'I Another ground of the claim of the State on the j
!j United States is, that the increased overflow of I
H the last few years has been causcd in a great ■
| mea^ui^ by the sales of lands bordering on the i
! Mississippi and its tributaries out of the State, and j
I the consequent extension of the levees up the i
| river, and the opening of more lands sold by the
I United States in other portions of the great valley
j which is drained by it.
| If f^he has enriched herself by these means,
| while it has been the cause of great injury to
! Louisiana and other States on the lower part of
: the valley, she ought to indemnify her for it. It
t is one of the wisest maxims of thecivi) law. which
! is the basts of our system of equity, u that what-
j ever act of man causes injury to anotner he is
I bound to repair." The same principle ought to
j apply, and is usually applied to Governments,
j The only difference between individuals and Gov-
j ernments is, that the latter cannot be compelled,
i like the former, to do what is just and equii&bie. |
I The act, therefore, must be voluntary, but it is j
! not therefore the less binding morally, but, on the j
| contrary, is more so. Here, then, is the principle
j —the law; let us now apply the evidence to it.
I 1 shall draw it from official and authentic sources
j alone. What, then, are the causes of the in-
i creased overflows for the last few years. Mr.
| Wilson on this point says;
; is reasonable to suppose that the whole country is
I now more rapidly and thoroughly drained into the Missis-
I sippi linn when "in a state of naiuie. Then, m  doubt, a
i  r<-at quantity of water wa< collected in po<>U and >w.ainp*,
and there remained until carried off l v gradual  vaporatmn.
This. of course, so tar relieved the bed ot the stream, hut,
as the lautN ate opened up by cultivation, this water is dis-
Nbw Series.... No. 109.,
the United States Government have now power to :! charged at once into the river, thus-adding to its volume.
109
" This, it is believed, is one of the causes of the great
increase in tlic waters of the Mississippi lor the few past
years."
From another source, not the report, but equally
entitled to consideration, I have this statement on
this point:
" The improvements required for preventing the overflow
of the Mis-sisfippt river, m the State of Louisiana, should,
strictly.s-peakuig, be made by the General Government; be-
cause the accumulation ol water that produces that over-
flow is collected from a great number of the other Slates.
If Louisiana had nothing to contend with but the waters
which (all within her limit*, she would have no trouble or
expense in piovniing tor it; but as it ts, there are drained
through that State all the surplus waters of the whole of
lown, Missouri, Arkan^n?, and ihe teriitory west of those
Slates; the most ol Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio,
Indiana, j Hingis ; gieat part of Kentui ky, Tennessee, and
Mis.-issjppi."
Mr. Wooldridge, the State engineer of Louisi-
ana, in his last annual report, states:
" The experience of the past, together w?ih a proper ap-
preciation or the causes which an* constantly at work to
increase our danger, should arou-e us to put forth all our
energy ; *0 that we may be prepared for the next great
flood, winch may be more memorable than all the past have
been. The regular and constant rxtenMon of the levees
above, the clearing of the lands affoiding more easy and
rapid difcharge of ihr r.nns, and afFunling more ready action
to the sun in melting the ice and snow, Ihe prevention of
evaporation hv diminishing the exposed surface, the making
ol cut-oft«—all tending to precipitate more immediately th«
flood-: fiooi above, should admonish us to be on the alert,
and reach u> that not a moment is to be lost.
"When the Europeans first settled on the delta of the
iVlis-MfMppi they --oon du-cuvntd 'hat they were subject to
dangerous annual inundations. New Orleans was «o drt-ad-
fnSly inundated the second year alter its foundation, that
Bienville and his follow ers had -serious- thought- of abandMn-
ing it a-5 the sue oftheir great city ol the delta. Observation,
however, and r'*fl' ciion on what many of them had proha
hlv seen in Europe, soon led them to the conclusion that
they could piotict ibemielvt-s by levees? or dike-*. This
plan w;i- immediately adopted, and prosecuted with «omuch
vigor, not onlv nt the city, but in the countty, that we find,
according to Monette, the historian of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, it soon extended over a large poitionof the coast.
His words are : <In 175?, only rhii tv-fivc years alter its foun-
dation, plantations lined the bank--of the river tor twenty
miles below the citv. and for a much greater distance above.
In this distance Ihe whole coast was in a high state of culti-
vation, and nearly thft whole securely protected against the
flood--of the river by levees '
" For nearly a century after this period no inconvenience
seems to have resulted from Ihe leveeing system, and all
seemed to regard it as the only mode of protection. State
and parochi.il laws were made toi the construction and pro-
tection of the levees, and it became the firmly established
protective policy of the countty. ^olullyvvas this policy
established, and so completely relied on, that several of the
natural outlets of the river weie closed up, increasing still
more than by the mere levecs the volume of water in us
channel.
'• In li?23 the most overwhelming inundation known to the*
present inhabitants occui r^d, -sweeping its angty floods not
onlyovtt the whole country above Red river, but over a
large number of the plantation^ below. Their crops having
been df stioyed, and their force left at leisure, and their fetus
e\citf-d, the whole region above Red river turned their in-
diu-trious effo; ts to securing themselvesagamst similar mis-
fortunes for the future, by constructing high and strong
levees. is the second -rrand epoch in the history of the
leveeing system. Prom that time the system has been vig-
orously prosecuted, till inundations are becoming almost an
annual occurrence. Reflectrns personsaie beginning tosee
that what will do very well when only partially adopted will
not answer for univeisal use, and that, thougha^ingle plant- t
er may erect his circuinvallattori, and bid d« fiance to the
mighty Mi-si'sjppi, jet, wln-n all tiio-e rtsiduiL' on it?- banks
attempt the same thing, he breaks asunder their bands, and
•spread* wholesale desnucnon. One may resi-t him With
impunity, hut he will ovi-ruhehn a concerted effort with
generil rum. The leveeing system is a system ol partial,
individual protection, but seems dangerous as a universal
reliance."
Until a few years since, fiom the mouth of Red
river to the mouth of the ^hio, on the west bank
and all on the east, except a few places—such as
Natchez, Vicksburg, Memphis, &c—where the
highlands approach the river on that side, there
were no settlements on the Mississippi, except the
small patches and cabins of a few wood-choppers,
and none of the public lands situated on it had
been sold. But now how dillerent is the scene!
Jill the land in Louisiana on the river has been
sold, and most of that in Mississippi, Arkansas,
and Missouri. Hundreds of miles of it are now
covered by plantations on land thus sold, and in
a few years, if these inundations can be prevented,
the whole of hoth shores of that magnificent river,
to which the world has nothing equal, and com-
pared with which the Rhine, the Danube, the Nile,
the Indus,even the Mediterranean of the Old World
