636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
not gentlemen know that an individual, having a
contract for a major portion of the article, could
control the whole business, precisely as if he had
the whole amount of the contract—that it would
place a monopolizing power in the hands of the
contractor, as much as if he had contracted for the
whole supply?
What were the facts of the case? There
was a large agricultural interest involved in this
question. Had thatinterest called for the passage
of the resolution? The simple answer to this
question was, that this great agricultural interest
was opposed to the adoption of the resolution.
That interest was capable of supplying the wants
of the navy, and if this resolution passed, that
interest would be under the control of this con-
tractor. The navy required six hundred tons, and
the contractor, to whom three hundred tons were
awarded, would monopolize the business precisely
as if he had the contract for the whole.
What interest was there, then, promoting the
passage of this resolution ? The agricultural inter-
est was opposed to it, and the other great interest
which was to he cared for—that was to say, the
navy—was also opposed to it. Whence, then, did
the resolution come? Why was it here? The
Representatives of both the interests to be affected
by the resolution stood hfere opposed to its adop-
tion, and yet its passage was pressed upon the
House as if some great interest was really to be
promoted by it. H^ could not understand this.
He could not see the propriety of the proposition.
The hemp-growing interest, and the navy, and
every one having any interest in the matter, ex-
cept those who were in favor of giving Mr. Billngs
this contract, wega opposed to the resolution.
Vet Mr. Billings attempted to force it upon the
House, that he might secure a monopoly to him-
self. This was the settled project, and he (Mr. S.)
hoped the House would reject it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. RICHARDSON, who moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and by ayea 70, noes
63, was decided in the affirmative.
CALIFORNIA.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and resumed the consideration of the California
question.
Mr. GREEN was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed ihe committee duimg his hour, on the
slave question, [Mr. G.'a spcech will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. G. having concluded—
Mr. SPAULDING followed in a speech in favor
of the admission of California into the Union, and
in vindication of the policy of General Taylor's
administration. [See Appendix for his speech.]
Mr. S. having concluded,
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor to
Mr. WALLACE, who yielded to a motion that
the committee rise.
The motion having been agreed to,
The cominittec rose, and the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By .Mr. MCDONALD ; The petition of Benjamin F. Cole
and 1-28 voters of Boone county, Indiana, pinymg Congress
to prohibit slavery ami the slave-trade in all the territories
of tin; United Stales.
Abo, the pennon of Benjamin F. Cole and 128 other
voter* of Boone county, Indiana, Cor the abolition of
slavery and the slave-trade in the District of Columbia, or
the lemoval of the seat ol Government.
Abo, the pennon of Benjamin F. Cole, and 128 citizens
of Boone county, Indiana, against the admission of any
moie slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of Benjamin F. Cole and 12o other
voters of Boone county, Indiana, asking the right of trial
by jury m the case of fugitive slaves.
By Mr. WILMOT: The petition of 168 legal voters, re-
^ siding mostly in t,fae township* of Asylum and Wilrnot, in
Bradford county, Pennsylvania, for the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted by Congress f .r the suppoit of slavery
in the District ot Columbia.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying for the
establishment and protection of freedom in the territories
of the United btates.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, against thegad-
tni-sion of any more slave States info the Union,
Abo, the petition of the same citizens, to secure to al-
leged fugitives from labor the right of trial by jurj.
By Mr. PEASLEE: The petition of Abraham Bodwell
and 86 other citizens of Sanbornton, New Hampshire, for
rates of postage not exceeding one cent on newspapeis, and
two cents on prepaid letters.
By Mr. ALBERTSON: The petition of Wm. Reavis, jr.,
and 77 other citizens of Gibson county, Indiana, praying the
passage of a law granting bounty land to the officers and
soldiers of the Indian wars and of the late war with Great
Britain, and to the widows and children of such officers
and soldiers who have since died.
ALSO, the petition ofEhsha Strickland and 109 other citi-
zens of Gibson county, Indiana, on the same subject.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Anna Tongue, asking
commutation pay for the revolutionary services of Colonel
John Stewart, of the Maryland continental line.
By Mr. BISSELL: The petition of James N. Banks and
others, lesiding in Chicago, Illinois, praying that slavery
and the slave-trade may be prohibited in the territories of
the United States.
AUo, the petition ofT. B. Hurlburt>nd others, of Chica-
go, pi aying the same objects..
Also, the petition of J. B. Randle and others, residents of
Upper AHon, Illinois, praying the adoption ot measuiesio
settle diffeiences between nations without resort to war.
Also, the petition of C. L. Starbuck and others, for the
removafof the land-office at Kaskaokia, Illinois, to Pmk-
neyville.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of 112 citizens of
Lockport, New York, tor the establishment and protection
of freedom in the temtoiies of the United Slates.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lockport, New York, for
the Repeal ot ail laws enacted or adopted b.v Congress for the
support of slavery m th-.District ot Columbia.
Abo, the petition of citizens ol Lockport, New York,
against the admission of more slave States into the Union.
Abo, the petition of citizens ot Lockport, New York, to
secure to alleged fugitives the right ol tual by jury.
By Mr. MANN, ol Pennsylvania: The petition of E.
Iloovet, and bS others, citizens ol Westmoreland county,
Pennsylvania, setting lortli that they feel a deep interest in
the continuance of the manufactures of the country, and
particularly of that of iron—that they conceive that the
present tariff law has a direct tendency to, and does, deprive
labor « f us rightful demand and reward; and a-king a re-
peal or modification thereof, and a change from ad valorem
to specific duties.
By >lr. DOTY: The petition of M. Kelsey, L. B. Brain-
ard, Hicks, and other citizens of Wisconsin, lor an ap-
piopriauon tor a load from fort Howard to Fort Wilkins.
Abo, the petition ot Johnson Wetherby and others, lor a
mail-route from Kingston, by Bullalo lake and Fort Hope,
to fort Winnebago.
Also, the petition of 0. J. Watrous and others, for a mail-
route noin PI)mouth, by Elk Heait, New Ilobtein, and
Stoekbndge, to Memisha.
By Mr. BOWIE4 The petition of James J. Chew, Ben-
jamin Duvall, William II. Tuck, and 3U others, citizens ot
Pi nice George- count), Maryland, praying the reduction of
postage on piepaul letters, and that postage on newspapers
in the counties in which they are published, be abolished.
By Mr. ANDREWS. The remonstrance of O. Bdscom
and 100 others, citizens ot Whitehall, New York, against
the extension of the Wtfbdwoith patent planing machine.
Also, the petition ol O. I'1. Blount and b0 others, engaged
in commerce on Lake Uhamplnin, relative to the improve-
ment of the harbor of Whitehall.
By Mr. HARRIS, oi Illinois: The petition of Asa D.
Wright and other offireis ol ihe Illinois volunteers, praying
for bounty lands to officers ot the Mexican war.
Abo, the petition of Lewis W. Ross arid otheis, officers
ol the Illinois volunteers, for the same purpose.
Also, the pennon ot John F. Albright and 87 others, citi-
zens of'Tazewell county, Illinois, tor a post-route from Pe-
ktn, via Dillon, Aruiiugton, and Mount Hojie, to Wayns-
ville.
Abo, the petition ofG. W. Elliott and 54 others, citizens
ofTazewell county, Illinois, (or cheap po*ta e.
Also, the petition of John Barnard and UK) others, citizens
of Henry, Maishail county, Illinois, for cheap postage.
By Mr. GOTT : The petition of Frederick A- Feins and
others ; of Charles Barnes and others; of Gad M. Lawrence
and others ; and of David Brace and others, citizens ot On-
ondaga count), Niw York, for the repeal of all laws enacted
or adopted b) L'ongie-ss tor the support ot slavery in the
District ot Columbia.
Also, the petition ofF. A. Ferris and others; of Gad M.
Lawrence and others ; o Charles Barnes and others ; and
ol C. M. Lynch and others, citizens of Onondaga county,
New York, against the adims&ion of more slave States into
tiie Union.
Abo, the petition of Gad M Lawrence and otheis, and
ot Watter Wiight and others, citizens ot Onondaga county,
New York, for the light of tual byjury to alleeed fugitives
from scivn„e.
Also, the petition of Joel B. Noyes and others; of Ster-
ling Call and others; and of H. C. Whitney and others,
citizens ot Onondaga county, New York,for the establish-
ment and protection ot freedom m the territories of the
United Stales.
Also, the petition of Abraham C. Downer and otheis, of
New York, for ttie renewal or a patent.
Also, the petition of C. B. Kerney ..nd others, citizens of
Syracuse, New York, for cheap postage.
Also, the pennon oi II. and C. A. Wheaton and others,
citizens ol Syracuse, New Yoik, for a specific duty on iron.
Also, the petition of Artemas Fisk ami otheis, citizens
of New York, lor a repeal or modification of the act renew-
ing the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. CAMPBELL: The petition of A. H. Stevens and
66 otiters, citizens and electors ot Camden, Prebie county,
Ohio, lor the lepeal of all laws sanctioning slavery or the
slave-node in the cit) of Washington, or the District of Co-
lumbia, or in the event ot their non-repeal, that the seat of
Government may lie removed to some more suitable loca-
tion.
Also, the petition of Solomon Dopp and 67 others, citizens
and electors of the saint place, against the admission of
more slave States into the Union.
AUo, the petition of A. W. Yoast and 70 others, citizens
and electors of the same place, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of Nathaniel Elliott and 68 others, citi-
zens and electors of the same place, to 6eeure to alleged
fugitives the right of trial byjury.
Also, the petition of H. M. Parmelee and 78 others, citi-
zens and electors of Hartford, Licking county, Ohio, against
the admission of more slave Stales into the Union.
Also, the petition of N. G. Bliss and 67 others, citizens
and electors of the same place, for the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted by Congiess for the support of slavery in
the Distnet of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Daniel Frank and 79 others, citizens
and electors of the same place, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of J. W. Seymour and 72 others, citi-
zens and electors of the same p ace, to secure to alleged
fugitives the right of trial byjury.
Also, the petition of Jacob Bateman and 332 others, citi-
zens and electors of Ohio, for the prohibition of slavery and
the slave-trade in the District ol Columbia.
Also, the petition of Carlos Smith, E. Curtis, Nathaniel P.
Bailey, and S. Penmman Leeds, ministers of the Piesbyte-
rian and Congregational churches,m Sumrmtcounty, Ohio,
against the enactment of any law requiring them, as citizens
of Ohio, to aid in the restoration of fugitive slaves.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of James D. Butler and
72 others, legal voters of Sandwich, Massachusetts, against
the admission of more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of Giles Pean and 72 others, legal voters
of Sandwich, Massachusetts, praying that provision be
made by law, that a fugitive slave shall not he delivered up,
except < n the finding of a jury that he is the slave of the
claimant.
Also, the petition of B. B. Hammond and 70 others, legal
voters of Sandwich, Massachusetts, praying that sldvery
and the slave-trade may be expressly prohibited by act of
Congress in all the territories of the Unittd States.
Abo, the petition ofGiles Pean and 46 others, legal voters
of Sandwich, Massachusetts, tor the repeal of ail laws for
th*1 support of slavery in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. DURKEG*: The petition of Carlo Reed and 41
others, citizens of Walton, in the State oi Michigan, praying
for the establishment and protection of freedom in the ter-
ritories.
Also, the petition of W. E. Dale and 41 others, citizens of
the sdine place, praying for ilie repeal of all laws enacted or
adopted by Congress lor the support of slavery in the Dis-
trict ol Columbia.
• Abo, the petition of L. O. Smith and 41 others, citizens
of the same place, praying to sccuie to alleged fugitives the
right of trial byjury.
Also^ihe petition of B. F. Welch and 41 others, citisens
of the same place, praying against the admission of any
more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of J. H. Hale and 152 others, citizens of
Brandon, in the Stale of Veimont, prajmg for the establish-
ment and protection ot freedom m the territories.
Also,the petition of David Collins anil 143 others,citizens
of the same place, praying against the admission of anymore
slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition ot J. C. Walton and 149 others, citizcns
of the same place, praying for the repeal of all laws enacted
or adopted by Congress for the support of slavery in the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Amasa Collins and 151 others, citi-
zens ot the same place, prajmg to secure to alleged fugi-
tives the light of trial by juiy.
Also, the petition of William Scotland 39 others,citizens
of Chippewa, in the State of Pennsylvania, prayinc for the
establishment and protection of freedom in the territories.
Also, the petition ol Leonard Dickens and 65 others, citi-
zens ol Delevan,in the Slate of Wiscon-in, praying for
the establishment of " stipulated arbitration," oi congress
ot nations, for the settlement of international affaits.
By Mr. PliESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
Louisville, St. Lawrence county, New York, for cheap
postage.
Also, the petition of citizens of Canton and Lisbon, St.
Lawience county. New York, for the repeal of all laws
enacted for the support of slavery in the Distuct of Colum-
bia.
Also, the petition of the same, against any more slave
States.
Also, the petition of the same, to secure to fugitives the
light of trial by jury.
Abo, the petition of the same, to piohibit by express
enactment of Congress the existence of slavery in the terri-
tories.
Abo, the petition of citizens of Mount Morris, New-
York, against the admission of any State into the Union
whose constitution does not prohibit slavery.
Also, the petition ot the same, to prohibit slavery and the
slave-tiarte m the territones.
Also, four several petitions of citizens of Benton, Yates
county, New York, tor the same objects.
Abo, four seveial petitions of citizens of WoodhuJI, Steu-
ben county, New Yoik, for the same object-.
I Also, four several petitions of citizens of Schachticoke,
| Rensselaer county, New York, for the same objects.
I Abo, four stwial petitions of citizens of Lawrence, St.
\ Lawrence county, New York, for the same objects.
| Abo, four scveial petitions ot citizens of Albany, Albauy
{ county, New York, for the same objects.
] Also, ihe petition of Citizens ot Leyden, Lewis county,
j New York, (oi cheap postage.
Also, the petition ot 113 citizens of St. Lawrence county,
New York, asking that the rates of duty on iron be made
specific
By Mr. WENT WORTH i The remonstrance of citizens
of Du Page county, Illinois, against the adoption of Mr.
Clay's compromise resolutions, against ihe organization of
any new territories unless slavery is prohibited therein, &c.
By Mr. KING, of Rhode Hand : The petition of John H.
Coggeshall and othei citizens ol Portsmouth and Mitldle-
town, Rhode Hand, praying for a reduction of postage.
By Mr. HENRY : Th« menional of David Hall, George
B. Arimngton, and 108 other citizens of Putsford, Rutlan
county, Vermont, protesting against the existing laws for
