1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
State under the act of 1844, which were not inclu-
ded in the above estimates, because they were paid
out of the appropriations for the expenses of the
judiciary of the United States, which I have no
means of estimating with certainty, hut which I
know, from having been District Attorney for &
part of the time, were very considerable, and have
not yet all been paid, there is great reason to doubt
whether the Government has received a dollar for
lands sold in the State beyond the expenses in-
curred. But if any doubt exists on that subject,
there can he none at all in the mind of any person
who will take the trouble to investigate the matter
as I have, that for the future there can be no ex-
cess of receipts over expenditures, but on the con-
trary, the balance against the Government will
from year to year increase.
But why, it may he asked, if the land is of so
little value, and it is likely to be an expense to the
United States, do you desire that it should be
ceded to the State? The question is a proper one,
and yet it may be easily answered. The expen-
ses to the State for surveys and resurveys, and for
the adjustment of the large amount of private land
claims yet undecided in that State, may, and prob-
ably will, be much less to the State than lo the
United States. A resurvey of the erroneous sur-
veys might be dispensed with by the State, and
for land oflittle value—such as sea marsh or deep
overflowed land, of which there still remains un-
surveyed 10,695,214 acres—a cheaper mode of sur-
veying mt^ht be adopted, and the survey of much
of it might be dispensed with altogether. Besides,
t lese Unds which will not sell at the present mini-
mum price, would some of them sell at a lower
rate, which the State would adopt, but which, it
seems, the United Stales are not likely to do.
A«?ainf though the proceeds of these lands to the
State may not be much, .and may be very inade-
quate to furnish the means to protect her against
inundation, still they will afford some aid.
But, even if they should nothnng a dollar into
the treasury of the State, her interests would be
greatly promoted by possessing them for other
rea-ons. There are many private land claims in
that State based on titles derived from the Spanish
Government, which were guarantied by the treaty
of cession, but which have never yet been recog-
nized or confirmed by theGeneral Government. It
is not the habit of Louisiana to complain lightly of
the National Government, but certainly she has
just cause for complaint on this subject. She has
now been forty-six years a part of the United
States, and thirty-eight years a State in the Union,
and yet a large portion of these private land
claims remain unadjusted in her borders, while
in most of the other new States similarly situ-
ated, tmd much younger than she is, they have
most of them been long since disposed of. From
the valuable reports from the land officer before
referred to, it appears that the quantity of uncon-
firmed land claims in the different States, where
any exist, is; In Alabama 33,281 acres; in Mis-
sissippi 116,200 acres;in Arkansas 3,O14,0Olacres;
in Louisiana 4,721,130 acres. More than one
half in the last State, and none at all in Missouri
and Fiorida, though both younger States, and one
of them acquired by the same treaty and the other
tons; after. 2,092,903 of acres only of these private
claims, less than one third, have been confirmed.
/To show how these claims have been treated, I
may mention that there are two of them m the
quarter of the State where I reside, the Bastrop and
Maison Rouge claims, comprising together more
than amsliionof acres. Reports of Boards of Com-
missioners and committees of both Houses of Con-
gress have been made m their favor, and a patent
issued for a league square of one of them, and
sometimes bills for their confirmation have passed
one or the other House of Congress, but never
both; repeated decisions of the district and circuit
courts of the United States have been rendered in
their favor and none against them; and one ca?e in
one of these claims was at last decided, by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in March 1849,
by a majority of one of the court against the claim;
many others are yet pending, or to be brought be-
fore that tribunal, when, if there should happen to
be a change of one member of the court, the decis-
ion might be different from the one first rendered.
If the land was ceded to the State all these ques-
tions could be satisfactorily and speedily settled at
home; for the bill imposes this duty on the State.
All, too, admit that the public lands in the States
ought to be disposed of as soon as possible; that
the holding of them by the General Government is
an anomaly and in derogation of legitimate State
authority, and ought not to be continued a day
longer than is necessary.
1 find myself so fully sustained in this position
by the report from the Committee on Public Lands
of the Senate, that 1 deem it necessary to say no
more on it than to quote their reasonings and con-
clusions.
' The report states:
"The committee are fully aware that there is. a lar^e
quantity of land which, from its hem? low, swampy, awl un-
productive, or subject to inundation, or other cause?, is not
oniv uninviting for settlement, hut olten injurious to the
health or comfort of the neighboring settlers. Much of this
mav be ditched and drained, or secured by embankments
from oveiftow, and thu«be rendered desirable for cultivation.
Thtti-e necessary improvements the Government, as a pro-
prietor of the soil, cannot make ; and if i® certainly desirable
that the lands should fall into other hands. In-dead, how-
ever. of adopting a new system of sales, and different prices,
depending u^on a criterion at least very uncertain, it seems
more reasonable, for the Government to divest itself entirely
of this class of lands, and confer them on the States in
which thf v lif. Wifh a view in pait to this object, the com-
mittee have reported a hill, at the present session of Con-
gress ceding to the States the lands within their respective
limits returned as swamp lands. These, as originally re-
ported, amounted in the twelve land States to over twenty
millions of acres ; and although many have been heretofore
sold or granted to the States, the quantity yet remaining is
large. In several of the State* where these !anrt> are situ-
ated, the necessity of adopting some general system to re-
claim them has long been uiged upon Congress. On the
lower Mississippi the health of the community and the safety
of their property require it,and Congress ha-s.ilreadvgranted
the overflowed lands to the States m which they he to aid
the work. Many of these Uads, when reclaimed, become
fertile and valuable, but in the hands of the Government
they are of no importance. Apportioned anions individual*,
in small quantities, they would he of no sufficient value lo
secure the necessary improvements. The States are the
only safe depo^itoiy of the title—having the power to adopt
such measures in regard to their sale, improvement, and
reclamation as a just regard to the best nuere.-t of all con-
cerned niav dictate.
" This portion of the public «'ornain, not valuable forset-
f'emeni, ami therefore not sought by purchasers enn be re-
tained by the Government only to the detriment of other-; I
and it better accords with the relation*, existing between the ,
land HUntes and the citizens thereof on the one part, and the j
General Government on the other, tocede these lands tothe j
former, than to dispose of them for nominal amounts to in- j
dividual*. The duty of the General Government lo pio-
mote, bv crrants of land in thee States, the mean- of com- [
mnnication and transportation for the benefit of settlers and
for the increase of the sale^ of the public domain, is rccog-
nixed by numerous appropriations for that purpose, and i
there is on the table of the Seriate a bill for additional grants I
for that pui pose to several of the States, makingjhei/iVqiial 1
to others which had received larger giants in proportion to
their several areas. The^e bills, together with others that
have passed the Senate, granting alternate sections for
specific works, will, if they become laws, cede to the States
a largo poriion of the land of which the price would he re-
duced under the graduation bill."
The principles which, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, should govern the action of Congress on
this important subject, are few and simple, and
may be thus stated:
" All lands which cannot be well administered by the
Government, or which require labor or expense to make
them useful, or which, from want ol fertility or any 01111*0,
cannot or should not comm uid ihe minimum pi ice fixed by j
law, should be granted to the icspective St.ites in which
th< y are located, to he du-poj^ed ot bv them, and the pro-
ceeds, if any, be applied to u-eful purposes.
"Grants of land to aid in constructing the improvements
necessary for internal communication in the land States
should, from time to tune, he made to the States a* the
exigency of the case and the dictates of sound policy may
require."
I think, then, Mr. President, I have succeeded
in showing—
1. That the devastation of these inundations are
immense, and entirely beyond the means of the
State to prevent.
2. That the Government has the power, and is J
bound iniquity and justice to grant the relief!
sought. '
3. That the previous grant of 1849 ought not ;
to be an objection. ■
4. That it ts a great national question, espe- j
daily <50 far as New Orleans is concerned. <
5. That the land to be ceded, though not of,
great value intrinsically, and of no value to the |
United States, is still very desirable to the State. |
0. That the grant sought is m entire accordance
w'th the recommendation of the Executive branch |
of the Government and the committee of the Sen- j
ate on the public lands. j
And if I have, there ought to he, and I trust [
there will be, no serious objection to the bill, and
that the committee will soon report it back, and !
recommend its passage. j
The bill was then read a first and second time I
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. ' ,
WAR BOUNTV SCRIP. - g t
Mr. UNDERWOOD (in pursuance of notice)
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution to amend a resolution approved the 10th
August, 1850, relative to the payment of dividends
on interest on war bounty scrip; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
HOUSE BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of VVinthrop S. Harding, was read a first
and second time by its title.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, it was ordered
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1851, was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
barque's register.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider House bill No. 349, being the
act to grant a register to the barque James Pat-
ton, jr., now the Granadian barque Bogota.
The hdl having been read a second time, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
after having been explained by Mr. Hamlix, was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a thud reading,
and was subsequently read a third time and passed.
SHIP CANAL AROUND FALLS' OF ST. MARY'S.
The bill granting to the Sute of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public land for
the construction of a ship canal around the Falls of
St. Mary's, in s.iid State, was read a third time,
and passed.
bounty land bill.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the lull granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged* in the mil-
itary service of the United States.
Mr SHIELDS. I hope we shall get through
with this* bill m a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT. There is an amendment
pending.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir; but I have prepared
an amendment which accords wtth the wishes of
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] and will
lessen some of the objections he has to the bill,
without affecting the substance of the bdl in any
ivspect. It will enable the warrantees, by trans-
muting their warrants to the department here, to
have an entry made in the local land district free
of expense. It will obviate many of the objec-
tions on the ground of inconvenience, and I hope
will meet the unanimous consent of the Senate. I
would ask the Senator from Virginia to withdraw
his amendment and receive this as a substitute.
Mr. MASON. Let it be read first.
The amendment was read, as follows:
"That  t <hall be the duty of the Commissioner of the
General Land Offic, under such regulations a< may he pre-
scribed by Ihe Secretary of the Interior, tocau-e to he located,
free of t xpense, any war ant whieh t! e holder may trans-nut
to the General Land Office for that purpose, in s-uch State
and hind district a*, the said holder or warrantee may desig-
nate, and up<m good farming !:tnd, as tin as the same cmi be
ascertained from the maps plats, and field note?, of the sur-
veyor, or from any other int'irmanon in t lie possession of the
local office; and upon the location being mailt-' a-  aforesaid,
the -5<-'_'ret;iry ol tlx- Interior thrill cause a patent to be ttai.s-
mitted to  uoh warrantee."
Mr. MASON. I would ask leave of the Senate
to withdraw the amendment which i offered the
other day, and which is now pending, as l acqui-
esce in this.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now offer what has just
been read as an amendment to the amendment
reported from the Committee on Public Lands. I
hope we shall have a vote on it at once.
Mr. TURNEY. Is it intended that all of
these warrants shall be located under that provis-
ion ? ^
Mr. SHIELDS. Not at all. If .ihe Senator
will permit me, I think I can explain it to his sat-
isfaction. The suggestion made the other day by
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Cass] was not
exactly piacticable. The wairants cannot be lo-
