1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
the disposition of the public domain, and asking that the
public lands be given m Inmte.i quantities only to the poor
and landless.
By Mr. MEACHAM: The petitions of William A. Bates
and 63 citizen, of Salisbury, and ot Lvinan Prmdie and 55
citizens OI Waybridge, Vermont, to repeal all laws for the
support of slavery ui the Di=tiiet of Columbia; to secure to
alleged fugitives, the light ol trial by jury ; against admission
of more slave fetaies into the Union ; to establish protection
and freedom in the territories.
By Mr. TAYLOR; The iietition of Henry Buchanan and
others, citizens of Highland and Ross counties, Ohio, pray-
ing for cheap postage.
XJy Mr. BOWLIN: The memorial of a committee of citi-
zens of Arc.tdia, Missouri, asking a grant of public land for
the benefit of ihe Arcadian High School in that State.
By Mr. SJ3DD0N : The petition of Francis B. Crump,of
viigmia, for the allowance ol'a claim based on the services
of his ancestor, Benjamin Crump, deceased, in the war of
the Revolution.
By Mr. PHELPS : The petition of E. L. Edwards and 77
other citizens of Cole county, Mi.-souri, praymgfor n reduc-
tion ol postage to two cents per halt ounce on prepaid
letters.
By Mr. IJUNTER: Th j petition of John T. Ciumlett and
330 others, citizens of Harrison countv, Ohio, piaying for
the passage of a law to permit newspapers to be carried by
the mails free ot postage, to the distance of thirty miles from
the place of publication, and to prohibit the carrying o
newspapets outside of the mails
Also, the petition of Isaac Hollowayand 69 others, citi-
zens of Belmont county, Ohio, for the trial by jury ot per-
sons claimed as> fugitive slaves.
Also, the pttition of Jesse Bailey and 69 others, citizens
of Belmont county, Ohio, lor the repeal ol all laws lor the
support ot slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Otbo Sheets and 68 others, citizens of
Belmont county, Ohio, against the admission ol more slave
States into the Union.
Also, the petition of George W. Brock and 72 others, citi-
zens of Belmont county, Ohio, for the establishment and
protection of freedom m the territoiies of the United States.
By Mr. BINGHAM : The petition of 105 citizens of Far-
mington, Michigan, praying th.it tual by jury may be awarded
to persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Al-?o, the petition of yfl citizens of the same township,
praying that slavery and the *lave-tiadu may be expressly
prohibited m the territories o the United States.
Also, the petition of 97 citizens ot the same township,
remonstrating against the admission of any new State into
the Union, unless slavery is expre^ly prohibited therein.
Also, tlie petition of 98 citizens of the same township,
praying the repeal of all laws sanctioning slaveiyin the Dis-
trict or Columbia, or the removal ot the capital.
By Mr. BCJEL: The petition of Charles S. Adams and
others, praying lor a reduction of letter postage to two cents
per halt uuiicc.
Also, the petition of Elisha Jones for compensation for his
boat, captured in the war of 18L'2, while in the Government
service. «
Also, the petition of Horace Hallock and otheis, praying
for a reduction of letter postage to two cents per half ounce.
Also, the petition of Charles Howard and others, lor the
abolition of slavery and the slave-trade in the District ol
Columbia.
Also, the petition of Charles Howard and others, for the
prohibition of slavery and the slave-trade m the terri-
tories.
Also, the petition of Charles Howard and others, praying
for the admission of no more slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of Charles Howard and others, prating
the passage of a law giving the right of trial by jury to fugi-
tives from labor.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of TabyJor F. Randolph
and 220 others, citizens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania,
prnyingCougress to expressly prohibit slavery and the slave-
trade in all tlie teiritories of the United States.
Also, the petition of T. A. Mann and 43 others, citizens
of Mcrcer county, Pennsylvania, upon the same subjcct.
Also, the petition ol Daniel Smith and 44 others, citizens
of Venango county, Pennsylvania, upon the same subject.
Aiso, the petition ot John Nicholas and 220 others, citi-
zens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to pass a law providing that whenever a person shall be ar-
rested as a fugitive slave, in any State other than that in
which he is alleged to be held to servt e, he thall not be
delivered to the claimant,or his agent, except on the finding
of a jury tnathe is the '•lave of the claimant.
Also, the petition of Solomon Davis and 45 others, citi-
zens ot Venango county, Pennsylvania, upon the same
subject.
Also, the petition of Gardner Bond and 45 others, citizens
of Mercer county, Penn>vlvama, upon the same subject.
Also, the petition of G. S Dirtier and 47 other*, citizens
of Venango county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to ad-
mit no State hereafter into the Union, unless the constitu-
tion of such State shall expressly prohibit the existence of
slavery within its limits.
Aiso, the petition of D. H. A. McLean and 47 others, cit-
izens ol Mercer county, Pennsylvania, upon the same sub-
ject.
Also, the petition of David John and 45 others, citizens of
Meic^r county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to repeal ;
all laws by which slavery oi the slave-trade is authorized or
sanctioned in the ciry of Washington, or the Distuet of |
Columbia, and that, in the event of their non-repeal, the
seat ot the National Government may be removed to some
more su table location.
Also, the petition of J. H. Smith and 42 others, citizens of
Venango county, Pennsylvania, upon the same subject.
By Mr. SPRAGUG: The petition of J. B. Baily and
many citizens of Allegan county ami other part? of western
Michigan, for impiovement of the harbor at the mouth of
Kalamagoo river.
Also, the pttition of 28 eiitzens of Calhoun county, Mich-
igan, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of 27 citizens of Calhoun county, Mich-
igan, that no State be admitted into the Union, unless the
constitution ef State shall prohibit slavery therein.
Also, the petition of 27 citizens of Calhoun comity, Mich-
igan, for tlie establishment ot freedom in the territories. -
Also, the petition of 27 citizens of Calhoun county, Mich-
igan, ptaying Congress to repeal all laws sanctioning slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of 27 citizens of Calhoun county, Mi ch-
igan, asking the passage of a law granting to fugitive slaves
the right of trial by jury, when claimed as the property of
another.  
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 4,1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced from the
chair the following Senators as the committee on
the part of the Senate to attend the remains of the
Hon. John C. Calhoun to his native-State: Mr.
Mason, Mr. Davis of Mississippi, Mr. Berrien,
Mr. Webster, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr. Dodge
of Iowa.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS.
Also, that Mr. Atchison fill the place on the
Committee on Foreign Relations, made vacant by
Mr. Benton having been excused from further
service on the same. *
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD. I have to perfom a duty which
is at the same time pleasing $nd painful. I have
to bring to the notice of the Senate a memorial of
Eliza Kirby, of Brownsville, in the State of New
York, widow of the late Edward Kirby, an officer
in the United States army. Major Kirby entered
the army of the United States as an ensign in the
year 1812, and served during the war with Great
Britain. He was continued in the service until the
close of the war, and he remained in the peace
establishment till the year 1819, when he joined
the staff of Major-General Brown as an aid-de-
camp, and remained in his military family until
1824, when he was promoted to a captaincy. Soon
afterward he was appointed pay master-general,
and continued in that office, by subsequent ap-
pointments, until the time of his death. He was
in the Black Hawk war, and in the Creek cam-
paigns; and on the breaking out of the war with
Mexico, he joined General Taylor at Matamoros,
and remained with him, performing gallant services,
until he was ordered to join General Scott at
Tampico; and hecontinued with General Scott, and
served with honorable distinction in all the battles
of that memorable campaign, which resulted in the
conquest of the city of Mexico. In that campaign
he contracted a disease, of which he languished
and died in August of last year. His widow,
Eliza Kirby, daughter of Major-General Brown,
brings before the Senate this memorial in a man-
ner equally modest and touching. She prays that
such allowance, by way of pension, may be made
to her as has been made-in such cases heretofore.
I move that, without reading, this memorial be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD also presented a memorial of
James Holford, a subject of Great Britain, and
holder of certain State bonds and securities, in-
voking the adoption of some measures by the
General Government for their payment; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, of citizens of Westfield, New York, ask-
ing a reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post-Office and
Post Roads.
Also, of citizens of Cayuga county, New York,
in behalf of the widow and heirs of Robert H.
Morris, an officer in the last war with Great Brit-
ain, asking that they may be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, presented six petitions of citizens of New
York, praying that the right of trial by jury may
be secured by law to fugitive slaves arrested in any
State other than that in which their service is
claimed.
Also, presented five petitions of citizens of New
York, asking that no State may be hereafter ad-
mitted into the Union whose constitution does not
expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, four petitions of citizens of New York,
asking that slavery and the slave-trade may be
abolished m the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefrom.
Also, four petitions of citizens of the same State,
asking that slavery and the slave-trade may be
prohibited by law in all the territories of the
United States.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Lockport, in the
State of New York, expressing their opinions and
feelings in favor of freedom, and respectfully re-
monstrating against the passage of' the bill intro-
duced by Senator Mason in relation to the return
of fugitives from slavery.
Ail these several memorials were received and
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Cortlandt county.
New York, and a petition of citizens of Oswego
county, New York, asking the adoption of meas-
ures for the adjustment of international controver-
sies by arbitration instead of war; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking that no
State may be heieafier admitted into the Union
whoss constitution does not expressly prohibit
slavery within its limits-, a petition of citizens of
the same place, asking that slavery and the slave-
trade may be prohibited in all the territories of the
United States; and a petition of the same, asking
that slavery and the slave-trade may be abolished
in the District of Columbia, or the seat of Gov-
ernment removed therefrom; which several peti-
tions were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented three petitions of
citizens of Penobscot county, Maine, asking that
the right of trial by jury may be secured by
law to fugitive slaves; tilso, two petitions of the
same, in favor of the prohibition of slavery and
the slave-trade in all the territories; also, a petition
of citizens of Cumberland county, Maine, against
the admission of any State into the Union in which
•slavery is not prohibited; also, a petition of citi-
zens of Penobscot county and Cumberland county,
Maine, asking that the slave-trade may be abolish-
ed in the District of Columbia, or the seat of Gov-
ernment removed; all of which several petitions
were ordered to he on the table.
Mr. MASON presented a memorial of citizens
of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
asking that the portion of the said city lying east
of the Capitol may be lighted with gas; which
was referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DOWNS presented a resolution of the
legislature of Louisiana, instructing their Senators
and requesting their Representatives to use their
exertions to procure grants of bounty land to the
commissioned officers of the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, of citizens of Louisiana, asking the estab-
lishment of a mail-route from Vienna, in that State,
to El Dorado, in Arkansas; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post-Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of Joseph
Forsyth and others, asking that the act of Con-
gress of 26th February, 1845, extending the patent
of William Woodworth for a planing machine,
may be repealed; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent-Office.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of citizens
of Phcenix, Rhode Island, asking a reduction of
the rates of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post-Office atid Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented a petition from Frances E.
Baden, widow of Major Nehemiah Baden, late of
the army of the United States, asking that she
may be placed on the pension roll.
Mr. K. took occasion to observe, on presenting
this petition, that Major Baden was well known
to the army as a most meritorious and faithful offi-
cer, valued by the Government for the promptitude
and efficiency with which he discharged his duties.
The petitioner states that her husband's consti-
tution was impaired by diseases incident to our
southern climate, and particularly at Oglethorpe
I barracks, where he lost many of his men, and oniy
j escaped with his own life after a long and danger-
j ous illness—that he was prevented from marching
I with his company to Florida by sickness, and the
; company marched under the command of his sub-
ordinates, and he died at his post. Mr. K. was
understood to express the opinion, that though the
case did not come within the rule usually applied
to pension cases, still he thought the case an equi-
table one, and the condition of the petitioner was
such as to call for sympathy, as she was now hope-
lessly blind.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented a petition of citizens
of Union county, in the State of Arkansas, asking
the establishment of a mail-route from Marion,
