1782
TUJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept
o
cated iii the General Land Office here; but upon
consultation with htm and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Whitcomb,] who understands the
duties o$the office very well, and with the office, I'
find that we can lessen {he inconvenience of the
warrantees in- the Eastern States by allowing them
to transmit their warrants to the General Land
Office, for the General Land Office to transmit the
warrant to the local district, and let the register of
the local district make an entry of vacant land, and
return a certificate of the entry to the warrantee.
He will therefore have three choices. He can
either locate the warrant himself, or he can employ
an Agent, or he can send his warrant to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and let the department trans-
mit Jt to the local district, and the register there
enter it for him, and act as his agent for that pur-
pose if he chooses. It may obviate objection to
the bill, so far as inconvenience is concerned. Jt
take&away no right from the warrantee. It only
rfiakes the register in the local office an agent for
that purpose; and let roe say that in nine cases out
of ten the register, who is acquainted with the dis-
trict, will make a better entry than the warrantee
would do if he was on the ground.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Illinois is per-
fectly right in the assertion that the provisions of
this amendment do not touch the existing rights of
the holders of the warrants. They have still the
right to locate for themselves, or through an agent,
just the same as before. The object of the provis-
ion is to enable the holder, if he does not desire
to go himself to the frontier country, to have his
warrant located free of expense through the Land
Office, it does not prescribe the mode in which
it shall be done. It leaves a system of regulations
to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
as it is better not to undertake to regulate these de-
tails.
Mr. TURNEY. I cannot perceive that this
amendment will much improve the bill. It cer-
tainly does not remove the objection which I have
to the bill as it now stands. The great object con
tended for by the committee in this proposed
amendment, seems to be based upon the supposi-
tion that these old soldiers—and they are now all
old—would be capable of selling a piece of land of
forty or eighty acres, provided they hold a patent
for it, but wholly incapable of selling the warrant
itself. Now, in my judgment, the warrant could
besold by the soldier for a better price than he
could sell the land for after a patent was obtained.
For instance, take the case of some man in Tennes-*
see, who has seived in the wars, and who is enti-
tled to a land wairant; he does not desire to emi-
grate to the States where the public lands are, end
are to be located, but his neighbor does desire to
remove, and his neighbor, therefore, would ^ive
more money for a warrant which would authorize
him to go and locate on any spot he pleased of the
unappropriated lands—that would enable him to
select his own location, and select his own situa-
tion, than he would for the patent of a tract of land
selected by the department here. And the only
effect will be, instead of benefiting the soldier, to
force him to part with his land for a less price than
he could get for the warrant. I can perceive no
benefit to result from imposing this haidship on the
soldiers. It is acting upon the supposition that
they are incapable of managing their own affaiis,
and require guardians. More than that, it is act-
ing on the supposition that this class of our feilow-
ciuzens are incapable of self-government; for I
take it that if they were capable of self-govern-
ment, they would have capacity enough to dispose
of a warrant for forty or eighty acres of land.
None of the arguments come up in this case that
were applicable when we were providing for troops
still on the battle-field, and who would have to re-
turn home as they could, and perhaps without
money. We were then willing to guard and pro-
tect their warrants until they got home. But when
they are at home and capable of managing their
affairs, it is wronsj to hamper them m this way.
If it is safe to allow them to sell the land after
they have got a patent for it, it is equally safe to
allow them to sell the warrant, and they wouid get
larger compensation for it t>>an they could get for
the land. I regret that the Senator from Virginia
has thought proper to withdraw his amendment. I
give notice that I shall oppose the amendment of
the committee now, and when the bill shall be re-
ported to the Senate. I shall endeavor to obtain
the passage of the bill in the sha^e m which it
came from the House, allowing these men to sell
their warrants whenever they get them.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was adopted on a division: ayes 17, noes 14.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 now wish to make two or
three slight and unimportant amendments, which
I trust will meet with the concurrence *of the Sen-
ate. After the word 44 widow," in the nineteenth
line of the second section, I wish to insert the fol-
lowing: 44 and she shall receive 160 acres of land
in all cases where the husband was killed in bat-
tle." I will state briefly what is the object of that
amendment. In many cases the officer was killed
before he had served-three months in the army, in
some instances before he had served two months;
in fact, some of the most gallant officers in the
army were killed before they had served three
months. What I now wish is to give the widows
1§P acres, where the husband was Killed in battle.
1 do not believe any man will object to that. As
the bill now stands, the widow would only receive
foity acres, unless the husband had served twelve
months; and where he was killed before his twelve
months' service expired, of course she ought to
receive the full amount therefor.
1 have another amendment; and I beg the atten-
tion of the Senate to this, because my only object
is to effectuate the wishes of the committee that
drafted this bill. The bill gives 160 acres to those
who served twelve months m the army. Now, in
my own State, (Illinois,) in Indiana, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and, I presume, in Mississippi, the
volunteers were all mustered out of seivice within
twelve months, so that none of them served quite
twelve months. They were mustered out of ser-
vice sometimes a few days within the twelve
months, sometimes a few weeks, and sometimes
as much as a month. Consequently, they would
not receive 160 acres, though they served within
a few days of twelve months, i wish to amend
that so as to make it read that those who served
" from six to twelve months shall receive 160 acres
of land."
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator propose
one amendment at a time?
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to explain all the
amendments before I sit down, as 1 do not want
to talk more than is necessary. Another case is
of three months' service. I do not believe there
j are many who will derive benefit from three
months' service, because, as far as I have been
I able to find out, those called out for three months,
! precisely like those called out for twelve months,
! have never served full three months. Sometimes
; they have served two months and twenty-one or
; twenty-five days. Those who fought m the battle
j of New Orleans will be cutoff unless we reduce
| that three months. 1 have made inquiries at the
department, and, so far as I can find out, there is
no case, either at the battle of New Orleans or in
the Florida or Creek wars, where they served full
three months. 1 shall move to amend that by sub-
stituting "from two to three months" for 44 three
months "
I^now move to amend the first section by insert-
ing the words 41 from six to twelve months," in
lieu of 44 twelve months," in the sixteenth line.
- A Senator. Say "exceeding six months."
Mr. tfHiELDS. Very well; i will so modify :
the amendment; a means the. same thing.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. Upon the amendment
i now offered by the gentleman before me, I rise for
j the purpose or reading a letter, and su^esting to
| him that his object could be obtained," and that
| winch I a so have in view, better by changing to
I some extent the phraseotojjy of his amendment,
j As the bill now stands, it gives one hundied and
! sixty acres of land^to those who have served twelve
. months, arid eighty acres to those who have served
j .six months, and forty acres to those who have :
.! served three months. I have received a letter from
: Captain Geoigs B. Cox, one of the Kentucky
I officers of the en my in Mexico, in which he states ■
s that the corps to which he belonged seived a little
| more than nine months, and suggests the propriety
■ of introducing an amendment to the bill, to give
, one hundied and twenty acres to those who have
- served upwards of nine months, and thereby to
j make the whoie of it run regularly; forty acre^ for -
| thiee months, eighty acres for six months, one
; hundred and twenty acres for nine months, and ;
i one hundted and sixty acres for twelve months. !
j I do not know that it is jneccssary to read Captain I
i Cox s letter, but that is the statement which he !
makes. It seems to me to be reasonable to pro-
vide for the corps he alludes to. 1 propose to do
it, if it meets the concurrence of the Senate, by
introducing these words between the provision for
j, six months and that for twelve month*, 41 fur nine
i| months' service, one hundred and twenty acres."
|1 if that would meet the views of the gentleman
! from Illinois, I would prefer it, and I think that
j his amendment is liable to this objection: H* pro-
j! poses to give one hundred and sixty acres to those
- who served exceeding six months. Now the men
I1 who served three months, just half the time of
those who served six months and a day, will feel
. very rcruch dissatisfied when they only get one
" fourth of what you allowed to the other men.
' They will claim something like a proportion, and
you will give very great dissatisfaction to a very
ii numerous part of those to whom you propose to
l give this bounty, unless you put them in this rela-
ji tive proportion. If, therefbie, the gentleman will
!j be satisfied to make pioviaion for the nine momha
;| men, they will all then relatively stand on the same
J footing, and be compensated in proportion to the
J] seivices which they rendered. 1 think it would
be much preferable to making d'sunctions by
j| which a man who served seven mornhs j^ets one
t hundred and sixty acres, and one who served four
i months only one-fourth of that.
ij Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think we should
■ i keep in view two things: first, the classification of
!| the men, and second, the character of our land
surveys. It wouW be inconvenient to have frac-
tional parts not laid out on the maps at the land
offices. The classification of the men may be
easily made into twelve months men, six months
men, and three months men. A slight modification
of the language of the amendment, I think, would
cover the whole difficulty. The difficulty which
the Senator from Illinois finds will be remedied, I
1 think, by providing one hundred and sixty acies
of land as the amount of the giant to twelve
' months men, and further providing that, if any
j; soldier shall have engaged for twelve months and
served out the term of his engagement, or until
1 honorably discharged, he shall have one hundred
ij and sixty acres of land. Such was the phraseology
Jj of the law which granted bounty lands to the
ii soldiers in the Mexican war. Men who were
; discharged for wounds or disease, or any other
honorable cause, got the whole amount of land
|; which was due to the term for which they enga-
ged. It requires, therefore, but a slight modifi-
i' cation of the language of the amendment to make
\> it cover all those who were honorably discharged
within the term for which they were engaged.
The twelve months man, who was-discharged for
|' wounds before his term of service expired, would
!s get the amount graduated for the term of service
j. for which he was engaged. He having broken up
|| Ins business for that time, is fairly entitled to the
\ amount. 1 wouid further suggest to the Senator
'j that ail the men who were called out as miiuia
i men, or engaged as volunteeis, and have been
: actually engaged in battle, shall be put on the same
footing as the three months men. The services of
• those who only served ten days befoic they were
• discharged, or lost their lives in battle, (in which
case the land should be given to their widows,)
:i might perhaps be worth more than the service of
!! the whole three months.
Mr. EWING. The amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, behind me, [Mr. Underwood,]
and the views of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
' Shields,] who has charge of this bill, eou.d be
effected by this mou ifi'-ation. Insert alter the
words " twelve months," where they occur in the
bill, these words, 44 and in like proportion for any
term of service exceeding two months " That, i
j suppose, wouid exactly meet the views of the gen-
j tlemen, and save the necessity of any Anther
| words on the subject.
1 Mr. BELL. 1 want to susgest to the consider-
j ation of my friend from Illinois, though I do not
i recollect specifically, but it occurs to rne that most
; of the very effective seivice m the Indian wars in
' the South west, commencing in 1612 and running
^ through 1812 and '13, was peiformed by sixty
days' men, and it veryjoften happened tlmt those
who performed the most effective wervicc were dis-
charged in even less than sixiy days. I wish my
colleague [Mr. TurvetJ would reflect upon this
subject, i am not quite sure, thougn i have a
veiy strong impression that some of the most ef-
fective service performed by troops called out from
