THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
April 4,
Louisiana, to Wilmington, Arkansas; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post-Office and
Post-Rrtads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
Samuel M. Clendenin. asking compensation for
clerical services rendered to an agent of the Gov-
ernment; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims .
Mr. CLAY. I present a memorial,'signed by
members of rhe Genera! Assembly of Kentucky,
asking that Columbus, oft the Mississippi river,
may be made the eastern terminus of a railroad to
the Pacific ocean, and that an appropriation may
be made for executing the survey of the route of
the said railroad. The petition is not long, and
embraces in substance a number of very strong
reasons for making Columbus the terminus of the
road to the Pacific. Some of these reasons are,
that there is near that point a railroad in contem-
plation from Mobile to the State of Kentucky;
that there is a connection with the railroad from
Charleston and Savannah, through Tennessee,
near the same point; and that there are other rail-
roads m contemplation, connecting1 that point, or
near it, with the Atlantic cities. I move that, with-
out reading, the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and jf ask that, it be
printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to, and the mo-
tion to print was also, by unanimous consent,
adopted.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I present a peti-
tion of citizens of Lewis county, Kentucky, ask-*
ing that the right of trial by jury may be secured
by law to fugitive slaves arrested in any other
State than that in which their scrvice is claimed.
Also, a petition of citizens of the same county
nnd State, asking that no State may hereafter be
admitted into the Union whose constitution does
not" expressly prohibit slavery within its limits.
Also, a petition of the same, asking that slavery
and the slave-trade may he prohibited by law in
all the territories of the United States; and a peti-
tion of the same, asking that slavery and the
slave trade may be abolished in the District of
Columbia, or the seat of Government be removed
therefrom.
1 wish to discharge myself of these petitions,
sir, though I should have been glad if the petition-
ers hud selecfed some other channel for their pre-
sentation hero. They come from my own State;
but although signed by a number of persons, I am
quite sure these petitions do not express the senti-
rncntof any large number of persons in the county
from which they come, or any other county in
Kentucky. They are papers chiefly signed by
the same persons; the heads of them are printed,
and appear to be got up by concert and design,
between a few Abolitionists who have found their
way to that quarter. However that may be, here
they are; they are sent to me, and I wish to get
rid of them; i therefore ask that they may be re-
ceived and disposed of as other similar petitions
have been.
They were accordingly laid on the table.
Mr DICKINSON presented a memorial of the
President and officers of the Mechancs' Institute,
in the ciry of New York, asking that the patent
fund may be applied exclusively to the publica-
tion and distribution of periodical works, contain-
ing information on subjects connected with the
arts and sciences; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent-Office.
Mr. BI3N rON presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of citizens of Arcadia, Missouri, asking a
grant of public land for the benefit of the Arcadia
High School in that State, which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and the motion
to print was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of J. Walk-
er, jr., and Dana Brigham and others, remon-
strating-against the fuither extension by law of
the patent of William Woodworth for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent-Office.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Portland, Maine,
asking the erection of alight-house and dwelling on
Boon island, on the coast of Maine, which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CORW1N,
Order&l, Tnat Joliu Miiiiken, Ann H. P. Lawj-on, and
sellers, have leave to \\ muJiaw their petition and paper*.
CLAIM OF THE STATE OF VIRGINIA.
i_Mr, MASON. 1 present the memorial of the
President and Directors of the Orange and Alex-
andria Railroad Company, asking the payment of
the sum of $120,000, advanced by the State of
Virginia to the Government of the United States,
by resolution of 29th December, 1790, and trans-
ferred to the petitioners, asking its repayment with
interest, to aid m ihe construction of this railroad.
This claim being in fact the property of the |
State of Virginia, although now transferred to one
of the railroad companies for-Lhe purpose of in-
ternal improvement, requires that 1 should make
a very brief statement of the facts of the case. In
doing so, 1 will occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate but for 9. moment.
It appears that, as early as the year 1784, before
the adoption of our present Constitution, the States
then confedeiated thought in necessary to establish
what was called at that day a " Federal city," or
" Fedeiat town;" and a resolution was adopted by
the Old Congress on the 23d of December, 1764,
declaring that the location of this Federal town
should be made near the lower falls of the River
Dplawaie.* A proposition was introduced into the
Old Congress ror the purpose of appropriating a
sum of money for erecting public buildings on the
site designated. Bjat it required, as we know,
under the articles of the confederation, that rune
States should concur ui order to make this appro-
priation; and they did not obtain the concurrence
of these nine States. The records of that day show
that the difficulty was the inability of that Congiess
to obtain money for more piessmg emergencies for
Federal purposes, so that the thing was not done.
After the adoption of the present Constitution, the
Legislature of Vngirua, by a resolution passed in
ihe year 1789, tendered to Congress ten miles
square of the Territory of Virginia, to be selected
i within the limits of that State, for the purpose of
I putting up the necessary buildings to accommodate
| the Federal Government; and in the same year a
resolution was passed, proposing, on the part of ;
Virginia, that if Congiess should locate these ten
miles square withm the limits of that State, the
Government of Virginia would advance a sum of
money for the purpose of aiding m the erection of
the necessary public buildings. That resolution
of the State ot Virginia, it appears, did not meet
the approbation of the Congress of the United
States; lor the first act locating the ten miles square,
for purposes of the Federal Government, was an act
passed on the 16th of July, 1790, by which the
location of the seat of Government was fixed on the
eastern side of ihe Potomac river, in the State of
Maryland', and commissioners were appointed to
locate it anywhere on the eastern side ot the river,
between the mouths or the " Eastern Branch" and
the tk Connegocheque" rivers. Thatact was passed
on the J6ih of July, 1790; and the fourth section
of the act gave authouty to the President of the
United States to accept grants of money to defray
the expense of puichasing and erecting public
buildiugs. In the same year, 1790, on the 27th of
December, a tesoiuuon was passed by the General
Assembly of Virginia, authorizing the advance of
; £ J 30,000 to theGeneial Government, to aid m the
i erection of public buildings within the ten miles
| square—the seat of Government to be located on
: the Maryland .side.
The following year, 1791, on the third of March,
an act was passed by the Congress of the United
States, requiring on ihe part ot the Federal Gov-
ernment that the seat of Government should be
located on the Vngima side of the river, so as to
embcace the town of Alexandria. Thus it was
that, under the two acts, the District of Columbia
was eventually located so as to embrace a portion
of the territory of both States. The resolution of i
Viriginia, passed in 1790, was complied with, and j
$120,000 was advanced to the General Government i
to aid in the erection of public buildings. It is |
proper here to leler to a part of the history of the I
transaction. When this resolution was on us '
passage m the General Assembly, as the journals !
of that, day show, it was reported as "a bill for I
granting to the President of the United-States the !
sum of $1^0,000, for the purpose of erecting public .
buildings, agreeably to the resolution of the last j
| Assembly;" and those journals also show how, ;
1 while that resolution was in progress befoie the i
! General Assembly, an effort was made to change
! the proposed "advance" of money to a " grant"
i to the United States, tor the purpose of aiding in
I erecting the public buildings. It will be found
1 that that proposition was refused*—that thev refused
to make it a grant, and the resolution passed. It
remained authorizing only the advance of so much
money. Eventually, when the resolution was
passed, the .tale was changed, and it was called
by Us title, "an act concerning the advance of
money to the Government of the United Stales,
for the purpose of erecting public buildings." I
think it right to state this, because it is a claim
due to'thc State of Virginia, although transferred
to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company.
I feel thus authorized to say, that this is a debt now
due from the General Government to the State of
Virginia. The prayer of the petition is, that it be
refunded with proper interest under the assign-
ment made by the General Assembly to this rail-
road company. 1 ask that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post-
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill to provide additional clerks in the Post-Office
Department, submitted a report in writing; which
was ordered to be printed: the bill was reported
back without amendment, with a recommendation
that it pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill providing for the post-office and
mail service in California and Oregon, submitted a
report m writing; which was ordered to be printed,
and the bill was reported back without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
report from the Secretary of War, in relation to
the geology and topography of California, reported
in favor of printing the same, together with 5,000
additional copies; which was concurred in.
Mr. FOOTE, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the heirs and legal representatives of Joseph
McAlfee; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The joint resolution from the House, explaining
the acts of 7th July, 1838, 3d March, 1843, and
17th June, 1844, was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND. As there seems to be no
further reports, I take the liberty to ask the Senate
to take into consideration the joint resolution re-
ported by the Committee on Printing, in reference
to the public printing, a few days ago. It is the
wish of a large number of Senators, that this ques-
tion in relation to the public printing should be
disposed of, the delay of the printing being a
serious evil; and inasmuch as the joint resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Printing, I
have thought it my duty to ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the question.
The question being taken on the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, it
was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution is
now under consideration of the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing would please to state what is
the difference between the price of printing now
proposed,and that now paid under the present con-
tract, and what will be the aggregate difference.
Mr. BORLAND. I am unable to answer the
question of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire with precision. It would require an
estimate whicli the committee have not considered
necessary or proper to go into, and would involve
a considerable amount of labor. I will state,
however, m general terms, that the amount to be
paid, will be a good deal more than is paid under
the present contract; and the committee, in con-
sidering this matter, think it is pioper that a good
deal more should be paid. The present prices are
not sufficient to have the work done in a proper
manner, or in proper time; and they deem it bad
economy on the part of the Senate, or any de-
partment of the Government, to pay low prices
and get bad work, and have the work done at a
time when it can be of no service.
Mr. HALE. I will make another inquiry,
which is, without going into the aggregate, can
the gentleman tell us the difference of the per
