1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL aumi.
centage between what we now pay and what it
will be under the proposed resolutions, or an ap-
proximate to it, if he is unable to give us the ag-
gregate ? °
Mr. BORLAND. The same difficulty opposes
itself to my answering thati question that did to
ray answering the previous one; but my opinion
is, that the per centage will amount to something
like thirty-five or forty per cent.—at least thirty-
five, and not exceeding fifty. As the Senator will
perceive, the proposition is to have the printing
done at a reduction of the price paid under the
joint resolution of 1819, at the average reduction
• of twenty per cent.
Mr. HALE. I am as anxious to have the pub-
lic printing well done as any person can be, but I
mu3t say that I fee! under the necessity of voting
against the resolution submitted by the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him that the resolution be read, and
perhaps he may change his opinion.
The resolution was read as follows:
JOINT RESOLUTION to injure more expedition in the
Public Punting.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk oi the House of Repres>enUtives, respectively, he and
they are hereby authonzed and directed 10 cause &o much
of the printing of the present Congress heretofore ordeied,
or which shall be hereafter ordereel by the two houses, as
shall be nece>s-*ry to injure a prompt and proper execution
and'dehvei y of the same, to be executed by such person or
persons a? they shall respectively select: Provided, That the
compensation paid for said work, &hall in no ea^e exceed the
rat<js fixed by the joint resolution of 1819, deducting there-
from 20 per . ent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas moves to amend this resolution by stri-
king out all after the wotd " Resolved," and insert-
ing the following:
"Th.it the present contractors to execute the public prirr-
ing ot Congress, or either of them, be reie,i>«-d and dis-
charged from the fin iht-r execution ofjheir contracts, under
the proviMons of the joint resolution of the 3d Augu>t, 1846,
entitled ♦'Jointresolution,directing the mannei of piocuiing
the printing of the two hou>es of Congiess," upon their le-
hrtquishmg all claim lor indemnify tor the nou-peiturmanee
of their said conttacts; and that for all work not yet deliv-
ered and paid for, they shall teceive the same compensation
as shall be awarded to the printers who may be selected by
Congress to execute the remainder of the woik: l'roivlrd,
That the puces hereafter to be paid, shall not exceed those
authonzed by the joint resolution ot March 3d, 1«19, deduct-
ing twenty per cent fiom the same ; the fonn and manner
of tiie printing to confotm, in every respect, to the stipula-
tions contained tn the joint re>olution ot March 3d, 1819."
%<Jindhe.\t farther resolved, That and he appoint-
ed by the two houses to execute the printing for the re-
mainder of the thirty-first Congress, vvno shall give bond,
with securities to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives, for
the {dompt, accuiate, and neat execution o' the work; and
in case any inconvenient delay should be at any Mine ex-
peuenced by either house in the delivery of its wojk, the
Si'cr<-taiy and the Clerk, respectively,&haH be authonzed to
employ one or moie oilier printers to execute any poinon of
the work of the Senate oi House, and charge the e\ce?.s, if
any there be, on the account of mk h printer or punters for
executing such work, above what is herein allowed, to the
printer or punters guitly of «.ueh negligence or delay.
il~in&hc it fwither resolved, l\uit the punting required to
be done for the various Executive departments be p.tid lor
at the same rates as congressional printing is authorized to
be done.
be if further resolved, That all laws and pat ts of laws
now in force, not in conformity wnh ihe provisions of tins
joint resolution,bo and the same are hereby repealed."
Mr. HALE. I was only going to make a few
remarks to show why I felt constrained to vote
against the resolution leported by the committee.
I want some information before I can agree to vote
for it. In the first place, 1 suppose it is pretty no-
torious that the printing done at the la3t session of
Congiess by contract, was done at higher prices
thaifwhat are paid to these contractois. I believe
1 am light m this statement. It is notorious, too,
to everybody, that the printing was most wretch-
edly done, and complaint was made by the print-
ers that they lost money by it. Now, these con-
tractors r.ome in, knowing that the printing for the
last Congress was done at a loss, even though it
was done so poorly, and underbid them, and get
it at a considerable loss. About as soon as they
begin to do the work, there is an outcry made that
they cannot do what they have undertaken to do.
It looks to me very much as if they knew when
they began that they could not do it, and I have
very strong suspicions that they did not mean to
do it.
Mr. FOOTE. Do you call it a fraud?
Mr. HALE. I do not. Call it what yon think.
I say I have a very strong suspicion that they
knew they could not do it, because they knew
that the contractors to do it before affirmed that
they sustained a loss. I infer this from the fact
that we so soon heard this complaint that these
contracts could not be carried out. I fear there is
some mismanagement in this business; arid it is on
this account that I want some information. I want
to know, also, who are to be the individuals to fill
up the blanks; for I suppose there is no secret
about it. I suppose they are to be filled with the
names of the printers of the Union and Intelligen-
cer. I suppose that is understood, and 1 think it
is best to speak what I think about it. Before I
vote for this resolution, I wish to know whether
these printers are directly or indirectly interested
in the present contract ? I am told that the print-
ing is done at one of these offices, and with its
hands and types. I do not know the fact, but 1
have heard it stated. Then 1 suppose, and sol
think it will be found, that there were other bid-
ders besides the one that was accepted, and I do
not know why, if we do not go on with this con-
tract, we do notallow the second bidder to say if he
could do it, or the third, or the fourth, or any other
number of bidders. I do not like the looks of it.
Here is a law requiring us to get the printing done
as low as possible, but as soon as the contract is
taken, the contractors come h'ere and tell us it is
so low they cannot do it, and we are to go back lo
the old system which has been once exploded. 1
suppose this deduction of twenty per cent, makes
the sum to be paid by so much less than that which
was paid twenty years ago under the joint reso-
lution of 1819. There are some of these points
on which my mind labors, and that must compel
me to vote against the resolution proposed by the
.committee, and the amendment proposed by the
chairman of the Commute on Printing. Thcie is
another difficulty in my mind. I do not know
why it is, but 1 suppose this third section goes
to repeal all the laws which require the heads of
departments and bureaus to advertise for their
printing. They are obliged now, as 1 am in-
formed, to advertise and "take the printing at the
lowest bids. This section fixes the price twenty
per cent, lower than the joint resolution of 1819.
If I undeistand this, it will throw avast amount
of printing into other hands, because this will
dispense with all advertising for proposals, inas-
much as the prices are fixed by this joint reso-
lution of 1819. There is no competition, no adver-
tising for proposals, and the heads of departments
will give it out to just whom they please, paying
the prices fixed by the joint resolution. These
are some of the leasons which induce me to vote
against the joint resolution and amendment. Still,
if I am mistaken in my views, I shall be glad to
have my objections removed, if possible, and
shall be glad to pay good prices for work well and
promptly done.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not feel myself called
upon to answer the objections made by the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire. The bill and resolu-
tion have been before the Senate for several days.
Senators have had an opportunity to examine them,
and no doubt they have done so. Wo further
opinion of mine, therefore, would be likely to
change their opinion.
- 1 will simply state, in justification of the com-
mittee, and further in justification of myself—hav-
ing offered an amendment to Ihe resolution re-
ported by the committee—the considerations in
part that operated upon us in producing the report
we.have made, and the amendment which I have
offered. We know that we are met by the fact,
which none can controvert, that we are riot fur- !
nibhed with the printing in a way to answer the I
pui [loses for which it was ordered. That is a fact; I
and it is the fact we have been called upon to meet— !
the fact which was pressing upon the attention of
every one heie, and that induced the Senator from
Tennessee to offer his lesolution of instructions to
the Committee on Printing. That was the diffi-
culty, and it was the main point in view which in-
duced the committee to act. They had to consider
how they were to remove that difficulty; and the
first suggestion was, to pay a higher price for the
printing than is paid under the present contract,
because, at the present prices, they had found that
the printing cannot be dune. Why it could not
be done, was a question they did not think so im-
portant to consider as the fact that it could not be
done—for they were certainly met with that fact.
Upon inquiry of persons, whose judgment they
supposed was reliable in matters of'this sort, they
came to the conclusion that a .reduction of twenty
per cent, from the price paid under the resolution
of 1819, was as low as the printing could be done
in this city at this time.
Mr. BELL. Is that the opinion of the Com-
mittee ?
Mr. BORLAND. That was the opinion af the
committee, and the ground on which they mad6
their report.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator from Arkansas
allow me to suggest that the hour for takicg up
the special order of the day has arrived ? I hope
he will allow this matter to lie over for the pres-
ent.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senate will allow me
to proceed, 1 have but hide more to say. I am
asked, sir, if that was the opinion of the com-
mittee. 1 feel authorized to say it was, because
such is the report of the committee; ami I presume
it would be unjust to any member of the commit-
tee to suppose that resolutions would be recom-
mended to the Senate for their adoption if they
did not believe what was stated in the resolutions
to be true. They have stated what they thought
the printing could be done for. 1 will stale fur-
ther that 1 did not draw that resolution myself"; it
was drawn by the Senator who asked the ques-
tion. I presume that was the conclusion to which
his mind had arrived, as well as that of my col-
league. It certainly was my opinion. Having as-
certained the fact, that the printing could not be
done under the present arrangement and at present
prices, and satisfied themselves that a reduction of
twenty per cent, from the prices paid under the
resolution ot 1819 was the pioper price to be paid,
they made that report to ihe Senate. The two
plans proposed differ somewhat, though not ma-
teually. As 1 remarked, I do not deem it neces-
sary to go into an explanation of the plans pio-
posed. Another inquiry was made of me, m an-
swer to which I will make a simple statement. It
will be seen, by examining the amendment offered
by myself, that the printing for Congress is to. be
given to two individuals, or-two printing establish-
ment in this city; and it provides further that
the same prices shall be paid to the present con-
tractors for that hereafter to be done. The in-
quiry was made whether this contemplated that the
present contractors should do the printing which
has already been sent to them. 1 answer, such i*
not my view of it. My understanding is, and 1 think
that is a fair inference from the resolution, that it
is intended to divide the printing, already sent to
the present contractors, between the two printeis
who are appointed to do the printing.
I have provided, in the amendment f have offered,
for the employment of two offices to do the work^
for this simple and all-suiScient reason, that it has
been found that oneoffice, the most extensive in the
city, or that could be established here for months,
to come, has been found insufficient to do the
work. It has, therefore, been thought proper to
provide two offices, which would act in concert,
and do the work so as to insure its speedy exe-
cution.
1 would state one thing—and which it is only
just to the piesent contractors should be stated —
that, although this delay has occurred—delay that
has interfered materially with the business ot Con-
gress—they have already done more work than
has ever been done by any public punters to any
Congress; perhaps quadruple the amount has been
done that ever was done in the same time before;
and thai, added to the fact that more than a month
was consumed in attempts to oigamze the House
of Representatives, may in some measure account
for the delay.
I will state further the fact, that several large
documents oidcred to be printed, and wanted for
the purpose of legislation, have not been printed,
and cannot be pruned, because matter has not been
furnished to the printers. Some maps, as I stated
on a former occasion, have not been printed, be-
cause the matter is riot yet in the hands of the
printers; and X learn that it may not be for soma
two or three months to come. 1 say this in justi-
fication of the public printers.- Tliey say that,
although they have employed larger offices, a
greater number of hands, and worked moie houis
in the day and night than they have ever done be-
fore, yet they have been unable to accomplish the
work.
Mr. FOOTE. The hour for proceeding to the
consideration of the special order of the day hav-
