640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 4.
ing now arrived, lam anxious to hear the remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky, and hope the
Senator from Arkansas will agree to the postpone-
ment of this question to some other day.
Mr. BELL. Let it be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well, I move that the
farther consideration of this resolution and amend-
ment be postponed until to-morrow, at half-past
twelve o'clock.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
postpone was agreed to.
MR. BELL'S RESOLUTION.
The Senate proceeded to* the consideration of
the series of resolutions submitted some time
since by Mr. Bell, which Mr. Foote had moved
to refer to a select committee of thirteen.
Mr. UNDERWOOD resumed and concluded
the remarks commenced yesterday, [which will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. CORWIN and Mr. HALE also made ex-
planatory statements, [which will be published in
connection with Mr. Underwood's.]
Mr. POOTE next obtained the floor, and said:
I do not rise to take part in this discussion; my
object is, if possible, to get a vote upon the motion
to'refer the resolutions of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to a committee of thirteen. If, however,
any Senator desires to address the Senate upon
this subject, 1 will move to postpone their further
consideration until to-morrow, and to make them
the special order for twelve or half past eleven
o'clock on that day.
Mr. BORLAND. As my colleague desires to
address the Senate on this subject, I hope the
question will not now be taken, that he may have
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. FOOTE. I have conversed with the Sen-
ator's colleague, and I understand that he is will-
ing to be heard on some other measure. liow-
ever, if he desires to be heard before this question
is taken, I am willing to give way to him. 1
therefore move, sir, that the further consideration
of this subject be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock, and that it be made the special order
for that hour.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I am far
from entertaining any wish to prevent the honor-
able member from Arkansas addressing the Sen
ate on this topic, but I think it my duty to re-
mind the Senate that we have now gone through
the first four months of the session, and although
1 am willing to admit that the circumstance* were
such as to excuse or even justify a great deal of
delay in the dispatch of the' public business,'yet,
after all, the time seems now to have come at
which, with all convenient dispatch, and without
encroaching in any degree upon the freedom of
debate, we should proceed to some action. Sir, I
may be permitted to say that it will require
weeks, and perhaps months, and our most delib-
erate attention and active cooperation in legisla-
tion, to do the things and pass the laws which
will be necessary, when the question of the ad-
mission of California shall be decided one way or
the other. I wish theiefore to say, that so far as
my opinion and conduct in the Senate go, I shall
endeavor to take such a course of voting and act-
ing as may bring this quesiion of the admission
of California per sc to a decision by the Senate. I
am then willing to go on and take up the territo-
rial question—the question of a government for
the territories; and J may say upon the whole
that 1 am inclined to think it will be the best way
to proceed, to take up the territorial bills and act
upon them.
Sir, the honorable member from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] who moved a series of resolutions
on these subjects, whom 1 have now the honor of
addressing as the occupant of the chair, will, as a
matter of right, if he chooses to exercise it at a con-
venient hour, be entitled to reply to the remaiks
which have been made upon his propositions. That
is a matter of courtesy due to every member of the
Senate, and it is especially due to him. - There is
also an honorable member from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] who has brought forward a series of reso-
lutions. He, too, is entitled to be heard in reply
to objections which have been suggested to his
propositions. I do not mean to say that the debate
should extend no further, but it is my judgment
that it becomes us to consider whether we will dis-
cuss one question to-day, and another to-morrow,
without coming to any result upon the great ques-
tion before us.
Sir, as far as depends upon me, as I have said,
there will be by no vote of mine any restraint
upon debate at all—none at all. But I think we
ought to bring the subjects so as to have a tend-
ency to some point—that, instead of postponing
these resolutions, one or the other series, from
day to day, and keeping them all open to debate,
we ought pretty soon to come to a resolution to
take'up some measure of a practical character, and
debate it till we are ready to act upon it. That is
my view. The two precise questions, or the two
forms in which the questions are presented, most
fit I think for practical action, are the amendments
moved by an honorable member from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] to the resolution of an honorable
member from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] by way of
amendment to that resolution,instructing the Com-
mittee on the Territories to bring in a bill for the
admission of California, unconnected with any
other subject; and the bill which, before we had
time to come to any resolution upon that point, or
to any vote upon that question, has been reported.
Now, it appears to me, sir, with great deference
to the judgment of others, that our true course
now is to take up the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Territories, for the admission of Califor-
nia, and debate it. I mean to say that it is our
true course, in my opinion, to adopt that pro-
cedure, after the honorable member from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] and the honorable member
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] have had a proper
opportunity to reply to the objections which have
been urged against their respective propositions.
At the same time, I wish to say to the honorable-
member from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] that,
though I have no objection to come to a vote upon
his proposition, yet I cannot conceal from him—
and I do not wish to conceal from the country—
that my opinion is, that we have now come to a
point upon this general subject, which every one
is as well informed of as he can possibly be"after
any report of the committee. My opinion is, that
we had better proceed to take up these subjects,
beginning at the beginning. 1 am unwilling, I
will take occasion to say—if the Senate will not
consider me as too much trespassing on its atten-
tion—I am unwilling to leave any of these ques-
tions open, to be the cause of heart-burnings, and
dissension, and dissatisfaction thrsugh the recess,
(if we are to have any recess—which may be
much doubted.) I am for acting on California,
and then on the territorial bills reported to us from
the Committee on Territories. 1 am for taking
them up and voting upon them; and if any amend-
ments are made, such as have been suggested, I
am ready to vote upon any such amendments.
And my opinion is, sir, that wc can do nothing so
important to the satisfaction of the country—noth-
ing that will relieve men's minds fiom apprehen-
sion—nothing that will give such general quietude,
as to act as soon as is convenient and proper.upon
the bill for the admission of California, and then
upon the bill or bills for the creation of the terri-
torial governments in New Mexico and the rest of
the territories, and pass a biil such as the majority
of the Senate shall approve. That is my'judg-
ment; and in pursuance of these opinions, and ac-
cording to these opinions,will be my conduct here.
I wish this body to come to a conclusion upon
California; my opinion is made up. I wish this
body then to come to a conclusion upon the char-
acter of the territorial bills. I am willing to act
upon them on the principles and opinions which I
have already avowed; and I do apprehend, sir, an
entire concurrence m these opinions by a majority
of this body; and my conviction is, that when
these bills shall come up, and this body shall come
to a decision upon them—upon what may be called
the contested part of them—the majority of this
body will come to a conclusion exceedingly useful
to the country, in extending to it more liarniony,
quiet, and satisfaction. ,
Sir, I desire—if I may say so—to preserve the
credit of this great republican Government m the
estimation of men ail over the world. I do not
wish to hear it said on the other side of the Atlantic,
that this great, constitutional, free representative
Government cannot go on with certainty and dis-
patch, and without impediment; that it is liable to 1
a great hiatus every now and then; that the great
principle of free government is likely, after all, '
not to be so satisfactorily exemplified in this great,
Republic as its friends at home and abroad have
fondly hoped and predicted. I am desirous that
we should take such a course in regard to these
exciting questions, as will enable us to dispose of
them, and to resume and go through with our or-
dinary duties of legislation. And I will take occa-
sion to say, sir, that I do not expect to see har-
monious legislation upon any of the subjects which
touch the great interests of the country until this
question shall be settled. There are great ques-
tions—highly-important questions—for the decision
of which the country, North and South, and in
the centre, have looked with great interest to the
action of Congress at this session. For one, I-
despair of any wise, and temperate, and just legis-
lation until these disturbing questions be'removed;
and therefore I wish, that the questions that have
been brought upon us by the events of the last
two or three years, somewhat unexpectedly, shall
be settled. 1 wish them to be settled upon the
true principles of the Constitution of the United
States. I want no new platform. 1 ask no new con-
cessions on the one side or on the other—no new
compromises; the Constitution is enough; it is
broad enough, full enough, efficient enough; and
if we can bring ourselves to act with moderation,
and temperance, and candor, and magnanimity,
and I will add, with, what is equally important,
a fraternal regard and sympathy upon the ques-
tions before us, in the spirit of the Constitution,
we shall be able to rescue the country from its
present perils. We who sit here, clothed with
this high authority for the moment, are, I firmly
believe, able to rescue the country from its pres-
ent embarrassing condition, and to satisfy the pub-
lic judgment and the public feeling of the extreme
North, and the extreme South, and from one ocean
to the other.
Sir, I beg the indulgence of the Senate for wan-
dering into these general remarks. I had no inten-
tion so to do whefi I rose; but I must now express
my sincere, deliberate conviotion, that our true
course is to proceed onwaid, step by step, with the
great subjects that have been devolved on us by
recent events, by the acquisitions that have been
made by this Government of these great territo-
ries, and to take them up, and act upon one and all
ill the spirit which the Constitution of the United
Slates prescribes to us all, enjoins upon us all, as
it is our duty to conform to that spirit in all our
legislation.
Well, when gentlemen shall have satisfied them-
selves on these propositions, and when, as I have
said, the movers of the propositions shall have had
all the opportunity they desire for replying to the
remarks that have been made, I shall feel it my
duty to bring to the attention of the Senate practi-
cal measures, with the view to their being decided
upon, one after the other, in the order in which they
may have been presented.
Mr. FOOTE. Participating as 1 do in those
sentiments of gratitude, respect, and admiration
which have been called forth here, and elsewhere,
by the speech of the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, delivered in our hearing a few weeks
since, and which was so replete with sound, lib-
eral, patriotic, and statesmanlike views upon the
great questions which now occupy so intensely the
public mind of the country, I must be permitted
to declare the profound regret which I feel at
' being constrained, by considerations too imperious
to be disregarded, to state rny dissent to several of
lj the suggestions to which he has this moment given
utterance. Such indeed is my desire to avoid
! collision, or even any appearance of collision with
'' the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, upon
any of the points specially discussed by him on
1 this occasion, that I should gladly remain silent, but
for the fact that one or two of his leading observa-
' tions are repugnant to convictions which 1 have
for some time past entertained—convictions which
1 have been greatly confirmed and corroborated by
recent events, and the correctness of which I do
not entirely despair of being able to demonstrate,
even to the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
himself. In most of the general views of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, I can, without
the least insincerity, avow my hearty concurrence.
1 .concur with him also in the remark which fell
from him, and which was several times repeated,
touching the expediency of proceeding, in a regu-
lar and orderly manner, in the examination of ihe
i several practical propositions which have been sub-
! mitted to us for the adjustment of the various ques-
