THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
Sept. 2,
them as serving two months and twenty-two days,
although they did not go home till a considerable
time after ihe expiration of the three months; but
that fact does not appear on the muster-roll, inas-
much as they were discharged from service in the
Indian country, and then went home afterwards.
They would be excluded by this bill; ana if we
come to inquire into particulars, we shall find that,
unless we give some time between the period for
which they engaged and were actually discharged,
great injustice will be done in the case of each war
we have had.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know the particular
muster-roll to which the Senator from Illinois re-
fers It should, however, have allowed as many
days as it would require to travel home at the rate
-of twenty miles a day. But I think the only true
plan is that which I first suggested, that the
men should be classified according to the periods
for which they entered the service. That would
embrace those honorably discharged before the
expiration of their terms; and woultf cover every
case entitled to bounty. [
Mr. SHIELDS. I* had prepared an amend- j
raent similar to that suggested by the Senator
from Mississippi. I agree with him that the term
of enlistment should be the principle of classifica-
tion, and not the term of service. I had prepared
an amendment in conformity with that principle,
but I find it is exceedingly difficult to fix upon
anything that will accommodate all. I believe
that if such an amendment were adopted the bill
would be lost. That question has been tested
elsewhere. The bill as it came from the House
paid for the period of service, not enlistment, and
I have been endeavoring to patch up a principle in
which 1 have no confidence, which is a veTy dif-
ficult thing to do. 1 See that when you make it
depend on the term of service, you do great in-
justice, but I cannot govern and control votes in
the other branch of Congress. They have con-
tested the question and fixed the punciple. The
bill pays according to the term of service, not en-
listment, so that a man who enlisted for twelve
months, and was wounded within three months
after he enlisted, and discharged, not only hon-
orably but most meritoriously, is not indemnified
for his services. But I am making the best of a
bad bargain, and trying to get as much as I can
for them. 1 would be perfectly willing to adopt
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Mississippi, but certainly if u is adopted the bill
will be lost.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have offered no amendment
to this bill, nor have I thus far voted for any that
have been offered. I stated, when it was before
us last week, that I considered one or two amend-
ments could be made that would greatly improve
the bill, and under different circumstances I should
propose them, if no other Senator did. But my
experience in congressional legislation inclined me
fc) the belief that any change which required the
concurrent action of the House to this measure,
at this late period of the session, would in all prob-
ability leave it among the unfinished business.
Senators, who take a different view of the subject,
and who believe we can amend and modify with-
out incurring this hazard, are entirely excusable
for the course they take. As it is now apparent
amendments would be voted on, I hope it will re-
sult that they are right and I am wrong.
I admit the provisions of the bill are not broad
enough, in reference to that class of officers and
men who enlisted for twelve months, or during the
war with Mexico; all such should receive the
greatest number of acres proposed to be given, if
they served over six months; for they were in the
enemy's country, had undergone the penis of the
journey, incurred the risk of a change of climate,
passed the ordeal of battle many of them, and the
conclusion of a peace rendered their services no
longer necessary. Now, the peculiar claims of
this description of officers and soldiers consists in
the term of their enlistment—their offer and con-
tract to serve twelve months if their services were
thus long required. To all such I would say,
(where they served to the end of the war, be the
time Ions or short,) we give the limit of the
41 bounty."
The proposition of the honorable SenaUte from
Illinois to give the minimum amount of land
named in the bill to all persons who served their
country for a less period than three months, is a
very liberal one, but nevertheless has much merit
in it. There are many men who have done essen-
tial service to their country, bearing arms for a less
period of time than I have just named.
This amendment will reach a class of frontier
citizens who have in all our Indian difficulties held
themselves ready, on an hour's notice, to drive
back the savage. It will embrace many who served
at the battle of New Orleans and in the Black
Hawk war. It costs me i}0 labor to sustain the
principles contained in the amendment, if amend-
ments we must have. On the contrary, I am
happy to have it in my power to be liberal to a
fault to all such citizens. But I cannot shut my
eyes to theconviction that this class of persons had
better be provided for in a supplemental bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator from Indiana
wilt pardon me when I tell him that I have his
State more especially in view than any other State
ufthe Union, in amending the bill. Under the
bill as it now stands the volunteers from his State
will not get fair compensation. They did not serve
twelve 'months, but generally only eleven. The
volunteers of my own State, and I believe the vol-
unteers from Mississippi, will get compensation as
the bill stands; but thoae from Indiana, Kentucky,
and some other States will not, and I have been
endeavoiing to make the bill equitable for all.
Now, I am willing to waive these amendments,
and let the bill pass just as it came from the
House.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not intend to intimate
that the Senator from Illinois was not a decided
friend to this bill. I know he is anxious for its
passage. He knows how to sympathize with the
officers and men for whose benefit this bill is in-
tended. 1 was aware of the fact which he states
with regard to one of the regiments from Indiana.
That regiment served I believe about ten or
eleven months, and 1 was very sorry to find that
the bill as it came from the House did not contain
a provision which would include that class of men.
If the bill contained the provision referred to, giving
one hundred and sixty acres of land to the offi-
cers and soldiers who enlisted for twelve months
or during the war, it would include one additional
regiment from Indiana, also the one referred to by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,]
but as that was overrule.! by the committee who
reported this bill to the House, I think it safer to
let it stand as it is, than to run the hazard of de-
feating this bill by amendments. Hereafter I have
no doubt Congress will provide for that class of pa-
triotic office s and soldiers. I understand the Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs] to state that they
ought to have the benefit of this law, and that they
are as much entitled to bounty lands as those who
served the whole twelve months. 1 think the Sen-
ate generally will concur in the same view; and I
hope he will present us with the measure. 1 am
glad to hear the Senator from Illinois say that he
13 willing to take the bill as itcamefroir. the House.
I feel quite sure that if we fall back to that point
there is no danger of succcss. I hope I am mis-
taken in saying, that if we adopt a dilferent course
: we will fail.
' The amendment was then adopted as modified,
! as follows:
"Tho^e wl.o engaged to serve twelve months or during
! the war, nwi :tetuatly -served rune months, shall receive ISO
acres; and thos-e u ho ensued to serve >u months, and ac-
tually served Sour months, t hall receive 80 acres ; and those
who eng.iged to serve tor any or an indefinite period, and
aetiKilly^erved one month, s-hall reem e 4U acres."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to perfect the first
section by adding a proviso to it, to obviate the
objection suggested by the Senator from Missis-
sippi. I move to insert the following at the end
of the section as the first proviso:
"Provided, That whenever any officer or soldier was
honorably discharged, in consequence of disability in the
service, before the expiration of his period of service, he
shall receive the amount to which ho would have been enti-
tled if he had served the full period for which he had en-
gaged to seive."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word " surviving," where it occurs
in the third and thirteenth lines of the first section.
My reason is this: The bill is intended to give
lands to all the surviving officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812, and of those who have been en-
gaged in the Indian wars since 1790; and in the
event that anyone of those officers should have
been killed in battle, or died immediately after his
return home, or any soldier belonging to any cam-
paign or regiment, they, or rather their represent-
atives or estate, shall be entitled to nothing. Now,
what is the principle upon which this bill is
founded ? This i  not a part of the compensation
agreed to be given to the officer or soldier when he
entered into" the army. It is additional compen-
sation, for what? For service® rendered his coun-
try ;*and when he had rendered those services, am!
been discharged from the army, he had completed
all for which any one could claim compensation
now from the Government. Where the soldier
was honorably discharged, or died, he or his
estate is to get nothing, although he rendered the
same service before he died. Look at the injustice
of the thing. A soldier who is a married man is
killed in battle, or has to be discharged, and or?
his return dies. His wife and children are to be
deprived of the compensation you aregivmg to the
wife and children whose husband and father sur-
vived. You aie making a distinction in favor of
the wife and children of the soldier who still sur-
vives to protect and support them,and again3tthe
wife and children of the soldier who died in battle,
so that they aie deprived of his protection and sup-
port. A principle like this is- not founded in
justice; it is one which is in opposition to all the
best feelings of the human heart. Why, sir, 1
cast my mind back to the war of 1812—and I was
old enough to be in a portion of it. The men who
went to that war from the county where I reside
are all gone except a very few,and those who still
remain are in affluence, and plenty surrounds them-
But there are the widows and ot pilaris of those
who died in that war, or immediately after it, en-
tirely dependent on their own efforts for the>r daily
bread. Yet you give to the soldier who survives,
and to his family, the benefit of this bill, whilst
you deny it to the widow and orphans of the de-
ceased. It is a ptinciple which is contrary to
every dictate of propriety and justice.
Again, sir, comedown to the w^r with Mexico.
The man who is now living, and who survives to
enjoy the honors of that campaign, is to be re-
warded, and yet the wife and childien of the man
whose gallantry led him on m the battle, and
whose death was the consequence, are to be de-
prived of it. Those who are left unprotected and
in want are to be disregarded, whilst those whose
father still lives to prdtectand support them aie id
receive compensation. There is a wrong in it, a
want of principle, and a want of justice, to make
so unjust a discrimination between the dead and
the living.
Again, for the purpose of making this bill ex-
ceedingly popular before the country, the officers
who have discharged their duty, and been placed
in the Congress of the United States, are to be de-
prived of these advantages, and why ? Because
they are elevated, I suppose, or because they are
members of Congress. They are all very willing to
be dented this favor from the Government. They do
not ask it for themselves* but they ought to ask it
in favor of those who are now the representatives
of those men who died on the battle-fields of their
country, and when we know that the legal repre-
sentatives of the dead soldier will better protect
this property for the benefit of his children, than
the living soldier, who will in ail probability throw
his 180, 80, or 40 acres into the hands of specula-
tors, and derive but poor compensation from it.
I have looked into this bill, and as it stands it can
never receive my support.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator offer an
amendment?
Mr, DAWSON. Yes, sir, to strike out the
words "surviving," in the 3d and 13ih lines of
the first section, so as to make it apply to all the
officers and soldiers who have died in the service.
I intend to move, if that word shall be stricken
out, to insert the woids or their legal represent-
atives."
Mr. CLAY. I have been waiting for half an
hour, under the hope that the friends of this
measure would put it m a shape agreeable to the m-
selves and to the Senate. 1 see no prospect of
that being done immediately, and I must therefore
call for the order of the day, as especially assigned,
and move to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. TURKEY. What is the special order of
the day ?
The PRESIDENT. The first special order to
come up after this bill shall have been postponed,
would.be the bill to cede the public lands of the
