THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1850.
New Series No. 41.
tions which liave so long and so seriously disturbed
the public peace, and confused the legislation of
Congress. But I beg leave to say to the honora-
ble gentleman, that he seems to me either to have
seriously misunderstood,or strangely to have mis-
remembered, the events which have been transpir-
ing in the two win^s of the Capitol during our pres-
ent session-, else sorely he could not so solemnly
have urged us fo proceed at once, as a preliminary
step to the settlement of all existing questions of
difficulty and the restoration of fraternal feeling
between the fto-rthern and southern sections of the
Confederacy, to the admission of California into
the Union. He says that we ousjht to take up
one subject at a time—to dispose of it, and then
proceed in regular succession to consider and to
act upon others; and he says further that all these
measures should be of a practical character—avow-
ing his opinion to be, that the period within which
it. was politic to give our attention to mere abstract
propositions has now passed by. In all this I
Bgree with the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts; indeed, I could with equal truth declare, that
! have for some time passed entertained these same
views, and acted upon them. I have been strug-
gling for weeks, actively and earnestly, to call off*
the attention of the Senate from the abstract ques-
tions which have been so fierce! yand so tediously
debated here, and to bring about the early adoption
of some measure or measures of practical legis-
lation.
Now, sir, let me ask the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to recur with me for a moment to
certain incidents m our own course of proceeding,
important to be considered before we irrevocably
determine what shall be the first step in that career
of practical legislation now recommended to us.
Does the honorable gentleman recollect—if he
does not, { will venture to remind him—that the
first—yea, I-inay say the only—measure of practi-
cal legislation, in the sense in which that word is
designed to be used, introduced in either house of
Congress at the present session, embracing the va-
rious questions now under consideration, was one
introduced by myself, a notice of which was given
-as early as the second or third day after we assem-
bled here? The bill of which i thus gave notice,
and which i afterward introduced, proposed to
give a territorial government to California, Dese-
rei, and New Mexico. It was strictly and exclu-
sively a territorial bill. The California constitu-
tion had not then arrived, and those who have
since*been so vehemently urging the immediate
admission of California as a State, had not brought
forward any formal proposition for that purpose,
It would therefore seem that, so far as the actual
order of events here can give claim to precedence m
the course of our legislative action, the advantage
is altogether in favor of the territorial bill reported
to us from the Committee on Territories, and
against the other bill reported with it. The tec-
torial bill reported from the committee is the terri-
toral bill offered by meeaily in the session, with
ceitaui modifications, deemed expedient by the
commfttee.
But there are several other reasons for taking
up the territorial bill Jw's/, which the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts appears to have
overlooked, the bare mention of which I am per-
suaded must command more or less of his respect.
One of tnese 1 will now mention: Theadmtssion of
California at some period of the present session of
Congress, is almost absolutely certain. No one
doubts it. It is, indeed, certain to occur, if Con-
gress shall remain long enough in sfession. It is
therefore quite immaterial, for any real, substan-
tial purpose of national legislation, whether this
measure shall be adopted during the current week,
or during the next succeeding week. The defeat \
of it is impossible; no eloquence can make it too j
odious for the approval of the majority here; no j
Io*ic can be of potency sufficient even seriously fo )
obstruct its progress. I might well say, that the ;
admission of California may be now safely written
down in advance as oart of our future history.
Mr. MASON. With limited boundaries?
Mr FOOTE. With or without modification of
41
boundaries, as may happen. I (io not Rpeak now
of what ought to occur, still less of what will be
my own action in regard to this measure of admis-
sion. The time has not yet arrived for the avowal
of my own views on this subject, or the declara-
tion of those entertained by my constituents. 1
have deemed it ooth discreet and decorous to hold
myself for the present in reserve in regard to the
question of admission. At the proper time I shall
not fail to speak out in language which none will
misunderstand. "Well, sir, let us see in what
aspect the territorial question is presented to us.
Whether territorial governments for New Mexico
and Deseret will be established at the present ses-
sion of Congress, 1 hold to be quite uncertain.
Whether we shall be able, under the most favor-
able circumstances which can be imagined to exist,
to establish territorial governments without the
Wilmot proviso, as so eloquently urged in our
hearing a few weeks since by the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, is a question which all
must admit to be involved in great doubt. I will
not declare, with the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood,] in his admirable re-
marks of to-day, that in consequence of the late
excellent speech of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, he stands repudiated and con-
demned by the whole North, including his own
constituents—1 do not so believe; I have a confi-
dent hope that the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts will be ultimately triumphant in the war
which he is waging in behalf of the Constitution
and the Union, against fanaticism, and bigotry,
and sectional jealousy. But yet is it true that
Fiee Soilism is not yet extinct under the blows of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,and his
heroic comrades in arms. In spite of the potent
ridicule of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, " the Wilmot" still survives. The monster
is indeed seriously crippled under the blows which
have been so sturdily dealt upon him, but he is
no' yet powerless for mischief—the snake is
scotched, not killed; it may turn and be itself again.
Though the supporters of the Wilmot proviso in
the North are seriously enfeebled and dispirited—
though several signal triumphs have been achieved
over these wretched factiomsts at the ballot-box;
yet still are there large numbers of men in the free
States who openly and fiercely maintain the odious
principles for which they have heretofore con-
tended, and whose representatives here, in the two
houses of Congress, are yet zealous, united, and
possessed of more efficiency for evil than I at least
am pleased to witness. 1 repeat, sir, that the ulti-
mate establishmentof territorial governments, with-
out the Wilmot proviso, is a matter most painfully
problematical—indeed, I may say that it is a
measure the adoption of which is in a very great
degree dependent upon the discretion, the forbear-
ance, and the tactical skill which its friends may
bring into the field in support of it. It is a measure,
therefore, as it appears to me, that should have
precedence allowed to it on account of the difficul-
ties with which it is encumbered, and which may,
after all, defeat it.
But again, sir, the territorial measure is entitled
to precedence, because, it involves the quiet and
safety of the Republic more deeply than the
question of admitting California. We all know
that the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
has himself solemnly and deliberately avowed the
opinion, that the Union itself was put in serious
danger by the Wilmot proviso, and other kindred
questions. No one can doubt, indeed, that the
question of excluding slaveiy from the territories
of the Union, by congressional enactment, has
done more to embroil the public feeling of the
country, and to weaken the ties which bind these
confederated States together, than all other causes
combined. The admission or non-admission of
California, is in this point of view comparatively
insignificant. Delay the act of admission for a
year, or for two years, or more, and the pillars of
the Union will still stand as firm and secure as they
did when the foundations of the Government were
laid. Precedence is due, therefore, to the territorial
measure by reason of its superior importance,
and the greater dangers attendant upon our failure
to adopt it.
But there are other considerations which, if
possible, are yet more entitled to regard. The
territorial bill, if adopted fiist, will neither defeat
nor retard the passage of the bill for admitting
California; while the admission of California be-
fore the territorial question is disposed of, is more
than likely to defeat its ultimate adjustment en-
tirely. I will proceed concisely to explain this.
Suppose the territorial measure, in the form de-
sired by us, to have passed the Senate, to have
reached the House of Representaiivcs, and to
have been approved there also. Suppose that,
in immediate sequence thereto, the California hill
to be taken up, does any one imagine that its pas-
sage would be at all uncertain ? Is it probable, in
fact, that its passage through both houses of Con-
gress would be at all obstructed? Why, sir, on
the contrary, it is most obvious that the measure
of admission will be greatly facilitated by the pre-
cedent adjustment of thetcrritori.il question, and
its adoption would be productive of less dissatis-
faction and acrimonious feeling, in consequence of
the previous settlement of the other more irritating
question.
But suppose that the California bill upon your
table should pass first, what would be the inevitable
consequences? i will state them, with that unre-
served frankness which the importance of the occa-
sion demands; and I do, accordingly, unhesitatingly
declare that, if the measure of'admission be adopted
in advance of the settlement of the territorial ques-
tion, the adjustment of that question, at the present
session of Congress, will never, in my opinion, take
place. I warn the Senator from Massachusetts—
whose desire to arrange all the points of present
controversy, and to restore concord and kind feel-
ing to the country, I do not in the least doubt—
that, if he can succeed m the movement m which
he is now enlisted, he will find certain gentlemen
here and elsewhere disposed to decline all turther
legislation on the subject for the present; they
wdl be seen to throw themselves at once upon the
non-action policy of the Administration, and seek-'
ing to gain a pitiful party triumph at the expense of
the best interests of the country. Gentlemen will
be heard to cry out, in both houses of Congress,
most lustily, that New Mexico and Deseret can
do very well without government for the present,
and until they shall respectively have enough peo-
ple within their limits to claim admission into the
Union as States. Does not the honorable Senator
know that this course of proceeding is already
zealously advocated by certain leading Whig
presses in the North ? Does he not recollect that
this very policy has been openly avowed at this
session in both houses of Congress ? 1 shall biing
no charge against the President arid his constitu-
tional advisers in connection with this view of the
subject. Indeed, I sincerely rejoice to learn that
the President has of late avowed his desire that
the good work of pacification and settlement shall
be consummated, if possible, upon any plan which
may be deemed most advisable, whether the one
heretofore recommended by him or not. But yet
it is true, and I have full pioof upon the point m
my portfolio, which 1 may yet produce if it should
be called for, that at this very moment there are
movements of an official character in public and
active progress in New Mexico, set on foot for
the avowed purpose of pioducing a State organi-
zation for that territory,and demanding admittance
into the Union, in conformity with the example
of California. Yes, sir ; pass the California bill
first, and as a separate measure, and you may rest
confidently assured that territorial government for
New Mexico and Deseret will never more be
talked of by many of those who would be quite
willing to establish them as part of a general
scheme of arrangement and compromise.
Sir, it would be quite easy for me to show, by
recurring to the current debates which are goin« on
elsewhere than here, that it is altogether improbable
that the proposition of admhtnig California into
the Union will receive the sanction of the two
housed of Congress, whatever may be the action
