THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept 3,
simplifying those which were ambiguous or com-
plicated, much good miglu be attained. But what
did the resolution propose? To employ Major
French, a former Clerk of the House, at a com-
pensation of $2,500, for the purpose of digesting,
or compiling -m one book, the various decisions
which have been made by the different Speakers
of the House of Representatives, frpm the organi-
zation of the Government down to the present
time. He stated the fact, that there was on the
table in the Speaker's room a book containing all
those decisions up to 1839 Whether the decisions
made since that time had been compiled, he did
not know. There was a rule of the House which
required that every decision of the Speaker from
which an appeal was taken should be recorded in
the Journal. Many of those decisions, within the
last few years, had been cutoutof the Journal and
placed in that book. Now, this resolution merely
provided for reprinting and indexing those decis-
ions. And among them decisions of every char-
acter were to be found. Even during this Con-
gress, the same decisions of the Speaker had been
overruled at one time and sustained at another
„ according to the varying temper of the House. It
* was true the resolution proposed to pay to Major
French $100 per month for twelve months; but it
further provided that if the work were well done,
he should receive $1>300 more—making $2,500 in
all which, judging from the ordinary practice of
the House, would undoubtedly be paid.
This subject came before the Committee on
Rules by a petition from Major French himself,
referred to that committee, in which he stated that
he was now entirely at leisure and could devote his
whole time to the compilation.
If they could have a good, plain, comprehen-
sive, elementary work upon parliamentary pro-
ceeding: and practice, he believed it would be use-
ful, and he would be willing to vote a reasonable
amountforit. Butherepeated,heconsidered such
a work as was proposed by this resolution of little
value, and that not ten of the old or of the new
members of the House would ever read it. He .
hoped the subject wou'd be debated no further,
and unless some gentleman particularly desired to
speak, he would move to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. §CHENCIv appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, to enable him to submit a
few remarks upon the amendment which he had
offered.
Mr. JONES yielded to the appeal, and withdrew
the motion, upon the condition that Mr. Schenck
would renew it.
* Mr. SCHENCK, accepting the condition, took j
the floor. !
Mr. STRONG was understood to ask leave to
have the memorial of Major French read at the
Clerk's table.
Mr. BURT objected.
[Mr. WILDRICK made a report from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.]
Mr. SCHENCK said, that the gentleman from
Tennessee seemed to think that he was not seri-
ous in offering his amendment. He would assure
that gentleman that he was entirely serious. He
had no hesitation in saying, that he believed the
information embraced m the proposed work would
be useful. He J believed thai Mr French was as
competent to prepare it as any one. Whtle he
was Clerk of this House, he showed himself to be
an able and efficient officer. He was perfectly
familiar with our rules of proceeding. He had no
objection, therefore, to the resolution, on either of
these grounds. But his objection was to the
whole matter. He did not think that the rules of
the House were deserving of conglomeration and
arrangement. Therefore, he desired to see these
rules abolished, leaving only such as were except-
ed in his amendment—those relating to the organi-
zation of the House, the appointment of the com-
mittees, and regulating our intercourse with the
other branch of Congress; and that we should be
governed entirely by the ordinary parliamentary
law.
He saw no sufficient reason, then, for making a
contract with Mr. French for a preparation of a
manual of these rules. To be of any value, a
manual must rest on some supposed value in the
rules themselves. Our rules are of no valu?&vhat-
ever. No system which had been ever adopted
has be<n belter calculated than our system of rules
is, to impede legislation. By accretion, they have
become so massed and confused, that no member,
whether a new one or an old one, can ever have a
clear comprehension of them. Even the Speaker
himself is sometimes at fault. We have become
accustomed to this condition of things. At the
commencement of every Congress, we constitute
a Committee of Rules. And the new members are
told that it is necessary that our rules should be
revised and purged of the defects which belong to
them. And what is then "done ? The committee,
enters on its duties, and generally reports some
slight modifications. The report becomes the
subject of debate from day to day. Some mem-
bers are in favor of its adoption, some are rather
disposed to abolish the rules. Everybody admits
that they are defective, until, after discussing the |
subject for four or five days, other subjects of im« ;
portance spring up, and then this whole matter is j
Ifid on the table. _ I
So it was at the beginning of the present session. I
We had been ur.able to effect any beneficial mod- I
ifications of the rules; and it was only by an in- |
genious fiction of the Speaker that the House had j
at this moment any rules at all. j
Mr. S. here gave a history of the proceedings on |
the subject of the rules at the beginning of the
present session, to sustain what he had said. He
would add, that while any town meeting, or any
body of selectmen, found the ordinary parliament-
ary law sufficient for its government, we are ham-
pered, obs'ructed, and our ends defeated by a mass :
of inconsistencies which we call rules. He had
therefore submitted his amendment. If it should
be found, hereafter, that some additional rules
should be required to govern new circumstances,
we ran easily adopt them.
He hoped that the House would come to a vote
on his amendment, and that it would be adopted.
In order to admit of a vote upon his amendment,
he said he would, if equally agreeable to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Ohio, that, in his opinion, the
amendment of the gentleman is out of order, as the
resolution provides for a compilation of the rules,
while the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
proposes to aholish the rules altogether.
Mr. SCHENCK said, with due deference to
the Chair, it seemed to him that the amendment
was geimane, being upon the same subject as the
resolution; certainly just as much as the Texas
boundary and the bill proposing to establish terri-
torial governments were germane, and upon the
same subject, as they had been decided by the
Speaker to be, for the reason that they hoth re-
lated to the Territories acquired from Mexico. It
seemed to him, therefore, that the amendment was
in order.
The SPEAKER. That may be the opinion of
the gentleman from Ohio. The ChairdifFers with
him, however.
Mr. SCHENCK. So I perceive by the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a point of order, and in-
quired bv what authority the Committee on Rules
had made this report? He did not understand that
it was any part of the duty of that committee to
report propositions for the printing of books.
The SPEAKER, The Chair thinks the reso-
tion legitimately before the House.
Mr SCHENCK. In compliance with my pledge
to the gentleman from Tennessee, I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
UST OF PENSIONERS, &C.
Mr. FULLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution, viz:
" Resolved, That five thousand copies of the report of the
Secretary of War, made to the House, containing a list of
the names of the pensioners placed upon the pension roll*,
after tiie 12th day of October, A. D., 1835, be piinted and
bound for the use of the House."
The question being upon the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. JONES wished to make one inquiry. The
resolution provided for ^he printing and binding of
five thousand copies of this work, which it was
estimated would constitute two octavo volumes of
six or seven hundred pages each. That would
make ten thousand volumes of that size; and the
resolution provided that they should be printed
" for the use of the House." Now, it would be
impossible to get ten thousand volumes of a work
of that size printed, bound, and delivered before
this Congress adjourned, or before the expiration
of a year or two*. Who, then, would receive the
books? Would the members of the present Con-
gress come back here at some future time and
claim them as their private property, as the mem-
bers of a previous Congress had come bac)c after
their terms of office had> expired,/and claimed a
book ordered to be printed while they were in
Congress—he believed Fremont's Report? Circu-
late these books throughout che country, and they
would raise up hundreds of claims agents, who
would manufacture thousands of claims to be pre-
ferred against the Government.
Mr. FULLER took the floor, and was proceed-
ing to explain and defend the objects and provis-
ions of the resolution. He had spoken but fuur
or five minutes, when
The SPEAKER interposed, and announced that
the hour had arrived designated by the House for
the consideration of the special order.
THE TEXAJM BOUNDARY.
The House thereupon passed to the consid-
eration of the special order of the day, being the
bill from the Senate relating to the Texan bound-
ary.
The pending question was on the instructions
heretofore offered by Mr. Root.
Mr. DANIEL was entitled to the floor.
Mr. D. sent to the Cleik's table the following
amendment, which he proposed to offer to the in-
structions of Mr. Root: ^
"With instructions to report with the said bill an addi-
tional section declaring so much of any and all acts of On-
gi-< ^ as prohibits Afiii-an slavery in any territory belonging
to the United State?, which lies between the M>i:si<-Mppr
riv< r ami the Pacific Ocean, and not incln 'ed within the
limit*, of any Suite, null and void from and after the palace
ot >rnrt bill, po as to extend the principle of non intervention
tot-aid territory."
The amendment having been read—
The SPEAKER said; Does the gentleman offer
these as additional instructions? or dofs he pro-
pose to strike out the instructions of the gentleman
from Ohio? [Mr. Root.]
Mr. DANIEL. To strike them out.
Mr. SCHENCK raised the question of order
on the amendment. * He was not heard, but was
understood to make the point that the amendment
had nothing to do with the Texan boundary.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair was of opinion
that, so far as it related to any country or territory
not embraced in the bill under consideration, the
amendment was out of order. The Chair had''
ruled that any amendments were in order which
related to that territory—otherwise not.
! Mr. MEADE appealed from the decision of the
Chair—with a remark or inquiry not heard.
Mr. DANIEL said he had not heard the re-
mark made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Msade,] but he (Mr. D.) would modify the res-
olution to meet the limit suggested by the Chair.
Mr. D. modified his amendment to read as fol-
lows:
" With instructions to report with said bill, a provision
extending the Constitution and general laws of the United
State.-* to ail terniory belonging to the United Siaies acquired
from Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and to
extend the principle of non-intervention to said Territory."
The SPEAKER. The point of order of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] falls ne-
cessarily to the ground, under the modification
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr,
Daniel ]
Mr. DANIEL then proceeded with his remarks,
and addressed the House during the allotted hour
in remarks, (which will be published in the Ap-
pendix ) After the expression of some general
views, in which he declared his attachment to the
Union of the States—his desire to preserve it so
long as it subserved the purposes for which it was
created—and his belief that that object never could
be attained by further concession on the j&rt* of
the South,—he proceeded to sneak in opposition
to the bill before the House. He avowed that he
would rather vote the ten millions proposed to be
appropriated by it to aid in defending Texas, than
to secure her dismemberment. He regarded the bill
as a scheme for her dismemberment. He referred
to, and explained a certain proposition which he
had heretofore ineffectually attempted to introduce,
and which, taken in connection with the amend-
ment he had now offered, would, he believed, have
