642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
here. Let me refer, by way of illustration, to a
manly, learned, and statesmanlike speech, delivered
on yesterday not far from this hall of deliberation,
and which has been published this morning in
some of the Washington papers. The gentleman
who delivered this speech is unknown to me per-
sonally; but I know many of his friends, and his
name will be sufficient to commend him to the re-
spect of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, who is well known to hold that name in pe-
culiar veneration. The gentleman alluded to is a
Whig:, and from the State of Kentucky. He is
friendly to the admission of California into the
Union—no one is more so; and yet, in the speech
to which 1 am referring, he does not hesitate to
declare his inflexible determination not to vote for
this measure of admission, except as part of a gen-
eral scheme of arrangement and compromise.
Let me here say, Mr. President, that I can see
very little difference between such a scheme, em-
bracing all the points of dispute in one bill, and
several bills covering the same ground, and in re-
lation to which, before any one of them shall be
finally acted upon, there shall be a distinct under-
standing that all are to be allowed to pass in rapid
and continued succession.
There are other views of the subject of still more
striking character, which I do not feel at liberty to
withhold. Sir, you cannot—thank Heaven, you
cannot—pass a bill for the admission of California,
as a separate and distinct measure, at all. I say
you cannot do it; and I speak of what I feel most
confidently assured when I make this declaration.
You may pass the bill here, sir—though I hope
that this is even a little doubtful—you may pass
it here, sir; but it will never become a law, not-
withstanding. It has to be approved in the other
wing of this Capitol; it must be sanctioned by
both houses of Congress; and that I hold to be
impossible. 1 do not feel authorized to enter into
full explanations upon this very delicate point;
but there are legislative expedients, perfectly le-
gitimate in their character, the efficiency of which
can be fully relied upon, easy to be resorted to,
and the modus operandi of which has been recently
seen and felt in practical exhibition, by means of
which it is possible that a high-spirited, patriotic,
and resolute minority can successfully protect it-
self,and the vital interests of the Republic, from the
usurping violence of an overbearing majority.
These expedients, I assure you, will be resorted
to, if all ordinary measures of dcfcnce fail; and you
will find your California bill defeated by a species
of non-action which will be alike fatal to all ihe
other legislative measures of the session. Why,
then, I ask of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
those with whom he is acting upon the question at
present under consideration—why will they insist
upon claiming precedence for the measure of Cali-
fornia admission, with all these serious conse-
quences staring them in the face ? Do they desire
to secure the early admission of California? The
course which they are now pursuing will inevit-
ably postpone the realization of their wishes, and
in all probability defeat the measure of admis-
sion altogether. Do they desire to restore con-
cord and brotherly feeling in our midst? The
scheme which thev are striving to execute will
revive controversial strife, and make pacification
utterly hopeless. Do thev wish to save and to
perpetuate the Union ? Their present action is
calculated greatly to deepen and multiply the
perils which encompass this fair sisterhood of
States, and if persisted in to the end, must termi-
nate in the dissolution of the Confederacy itself.
I beseech them to bo admonished in time; and
instead of unnecessarily rushing upon the evils
to which they a,e fast approximating, to coop-
erate with us in maturing and carrying into speedy
execution some just, fratern.il, magnanimous
scheme of adjustment, which m,iy equally save the
honor of the North and of the South, and secure
to every part of our beloved country the priceless
blessings of domestic repose and security, and the
perpetual enjoyment of these invaluable civil in-
stitutions which the wisdom of our venerated fore-
fathers have provided for us and our posterity.
Mr. President, let me ask of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to specify, if he be able to
do so, the mischief or disadvantage which can
possibly result from the raising of the committee
of thirteen to whom 1 am desirous to refer this
whole subject. Sir, can we not so far trust a com-
mittee of our own body, cautiously and deliber- i
ately selected by ourselves, as to refer to the dis-
tinguished personages of whom it is likely to be
composed, all those questions which have so long
disturbed the public peace, and endangered the
welfare of the nation ? Does he not perceive that
some good may, by possibility, result from the
calm, dispassionate interchanges of opinion and
sentiment to be expected to take place among the
members of such a committee, and that it is next
to impossible that they will recommend any meas-
ure or measures capable of doing serious detriment
to any part of the Republic ? In fine, does he not
see the peculiar advantage which may be expected
to be realized from- that incorporation of moral in-
fluence, that blending and uniting into one cohe-
sive and coefficient mass, all the power of high
character, illustrious achievement, and individual
popularity, which so numerous a committee of
this body would undoubtedly bring into action?
I must yet hope that the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts will unite with us in raising this
special committee.
Mr. WEBSTER. There is nothing personal
the honorable Senator from Mississippi has said
to which I take the slightest exception. I must
only say, that 1 am quite incredulous to all the
predictions of disunion from anything growing out
of the presentcontrovesy—quite incredulous. My
honorable friend from Mississippi will allow me
to remind him that, in the prophecies of later times,
there was a certain Saturday mentioned. The day
went over, and no pillar of the Constitution was
shaken—no bond of the Union was severed. The
sun rose in the morning, we all enjoyed a very
agreeable day, and we all went to bed at night
conscious of the integrity of the Government still
subsisting.
Sir, 1 hardly understand the member from Mis-
sissippi when he undertakes to say that there are
persons who will band together. Who will band
together?—for what purpose will they band to-
gether?
Mr. FOOTE. For party purposes.
Mr. WEBSTER. For party purposes—very
well. But they will band together, I take it, sir,
under the forms of the Constitution and the laws—
on the ayes and noes. And if the ayes are most
numerous, the measure must prevail, or if the noes
are, the measure must fail. I know of no other
way in which Senators can band together.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator will permit me to
explain. The banding together of which I spoke,
was to sustain the policy of the Administration,
so called. As to the other point, J suppose the
Senator prefers to go on until he closes. I will
therefore say nothing more at present.
Mr. WEBSTER. I trust that in meeting these
questions, we shall act according to our constitu-
tional duties, and according to our rights as mem-
bers of this body. As to this question of Califor-
nia, I do'not wish to hasten it, hut 1 wish to take
a course that will lead toward its decision; and
when the time comes, my word for it we shall
vote as on other questions. We may have some
protracted sittings, and many calls for the yeas
and nays; but when it is ascertained that there is
a majority of the Senate for or against admitting
California, I feel no doubt that the majority will
control. As to the other wing of the Capitol, it
is no concern of mine. I mean to do my duty
here, and leave it to others to do their duty else-
where. We of the Senate have this subject now
before us, we of the Senate propose to act on this
subject, and we of the Senate, according to the
Constitution and our rules of proceeding and of
order, will dispose of it so far as we are concerned,
and then we will leave it to the other House to
dispose of it according to their sense of duty.
They are one set of public servants—they must
answer to their masters, and we must to ours.
Let us do our duty.
But I do not concur in any notion or assump-
tion that there is to be anything extraordinary
arising out of this business—anything out of the
usual course and mode. Good speeches we shall
have, and have had. Perhaps we shall have, as we
have had, some rather long speeches, and I make
one of them; but in the end, when our taste for
discussion shall have been satisfied, we shall come
to the vote. It will be put to us by the Clerk who
sits before you, and the ayes and noes will decide
it just as they always have; and no occasion will
arise for alarm to us or to the county. That is
my view.
Mr. FOOTE. It is not necessary for me upon
this occasion to make special acknowledgment of
the extraordinary intellectual powers of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts; they are known
to as all, and to the civilized worla; yet I sup-
pose that I may be allowed to congratulate myself
that he has been in this instance not a little for-
bearing and merciful; and that 1 do not find that
he has said anything in reply to what I hove al-
ready said which it is not abundantly easy forme
to answer. And first, as to th e allusion of the hon-
orable Senator to a prophecy that he supposes me
to have uttered a few weeks since, that he says
most signally failed of verification. Now, sir, if the
honorable Senator had been present, when, once in
the Senate heretofore, I explained this matter of
prophecy, and the circumstances connected with
this suggested failure of verification, he would, 1
am sure, have never thought of indulging his turn
for facetiousness, as he has been pleased to do.
Why, sir, what were the actual facts? 1 declared
here, on a particular day of our session, that if
certain proceedings then menaced should occur irv
the other wing of this Capitol, I seriously feared
that the questions, then as now the subject of zeal-
ous controversy among us, would be found to have
left our jurisdiction forever. And what did I mean-
by this? Why, simply, that if a resolution for the
separate admission of California should be forced
through the House by certain violent means threat-
ened to be resorted to, (including, as I understood,
the displacement of the Speaker from the chair,)
I apprehended serious strife as inevitably conse-
quent thereupon—very clearly intimating that such
a course of proceeding would be, in all probability,
recognized as revolutionary m its character, and as-
such justifying a resort to extreme measures of
prevention. Well, this resolution was withdrawn;
a bill was substituted in its place, which was put
upon its regular passage through the House; the
violent measures anticipated were not resorted to;
and the evil consequences which I predicted as
likely to result from their enforcement, were not
realized. In other words, to the credit of all con-
cerned, kind and healing counsels prevailed, and
the country was saved from a collision of energies
from which the most direful consequences might
have been reasonably anticipated. My prophecy,
as it is called, was based upon a contingency which
did not arise; and therefore, happily for .the Re-
public, its verification was not in point of fact
realized. So much for the prophecy. The hon-
orable Senator will, I think, hardly derive any im-
portant advantage, in the controversy which has so
accidentally sprung up between us, from this hu-
morous sally of his.
I understand the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to say, that he does not at all fear the
dissolution of the Union upon the questions now
pending. Well, sir, I understood him to speak
quite differently a few days since. When he
made his celebrated speech in this Chamber several
weeks ago, I thought that he regarded the Union
as involved in danger most serious and imminent,
and the country has awarded him great credit for
interfering as he did so seasonably and so efficiently
for its rescue. 1 fear that he will somewhat im-
pair his own glory if he shall succeed in proving
that, after all, the dangers which he so valiantly
combated were only imaginary. Let me assure
him, most solemnly, that the Union was in great
danger when he delivered that speech, but t"hat, if
his present proposition should be carried out, it
will be in still greater danger. The admission of
California per se, as he styles it, would awaken a
feeling of chagrin, of irritation, and of flaming indig-
nation throughout the whole South, which, in my
judgment, would make al! future attempts of ad-
justment hopeless, and inevitably biing upon us
all the evils which it has been the generous am-
bition of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
to ward ofl" and prevent. I beseech htm to pause
m his career, if he does not desire, instead of
being recognized as the defender and preserver of
the Union, to be regarded as its enemy and its de-
stroyer.
The honorable gentleman says that it is sufficient
for the Senate to pay due regard to its own course
of proceeding, without looking to what is likely to
occur in the coordinate branch of the national
legislature. With due deference, 1 must suggest
to the honorable gentleman that he does not speak
constitutionally on this point. In my judgment we
should but poorly perform -our duty here, if we
