1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
did not look to all the consequences likely to arise
from our acts, either remote or proximate. The
two houses of Congress, after all, constitute but
one legislative body. We can do nothing in the
way of legislation without the aid of tfie other
House; and we are bound, as judicious legislators,
so to frame the propositions which we submit to
those who perform the law-making functions in
connection-with us, that good, efficient, and satis-
factory legislation may result therefrom. We
should indeed be most unprofitably employed in
devising measuresjhere, and imparting to them the
Senatorial sanction, which we are bound to know
will never become a part of the law of the land.
As the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
has not yet answered any material part of the ar-
gument addressed by me to„the Senate in opposi-
tion to taking up the measure of admission, as a
separate and distinct measure, and anterior to the
settlement of the territorial question, I will not de-
tain the Senate with a more extended notice of his
remarks.
Mr. HALE." As it is near four o'clock, I move
that we arijourn.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator withdraw
the motion for a moment.
Mr. HALE. I will.
Mr. SHIELDS. I take the occasion to say that
I agree fully with the honorable and distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, and I am sorry that
the lateness of the hour will not permit me to ex-
press my opinions on this single point.
Mr. WEBSTER. Move to adjourn.
Mr. FOOTE. I will give way to my fiiend
from Illinois, so that he may have an opportunity
to address the Senate to-morrow.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jtpril 5, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. MORSE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to make an application in behalf of a
colleague of his, who was (Mr. M. said) detained
from the House by indisposition. It was, that
he might withdraw from the files of the House
the papers of A. P. Brittenham, that they might
be presented to the Senate. As the subject-matter
of them arose under a treaty, it was supposed to
be proper that they should go there.
Unanimous consent having been granted, the
papers were withdrawn.
Mr. CONGER desired unanimous consent to
make a motion of a similar character.
Mr. INGE called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. CABELL asked the unanimous consent of
the House at this time to introduce a bill, of which,
he said, previous notice had been given.
The reading of the title of the bill was called for.
Mr. INGE suggested that the rules of the
House should be suspended during the morning
hour, for the purpose of calling the States in their
order for bills, of which previous notice had been
given.
The SPEAKER said that the motion could be
entertained only by general consent.
Objection was made.
So the motion was not entertained.
And the bill of Mr. Cabell was not received.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, presented
to the House certain depositions in relation to the
Iowa contested election; which were referred to
the Committee on Elections.
Mr.STAN TON, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to withdraw the papers
of Joseph K. Boyd from the files thereof. They
related to the burning of the frigate Philadelphia,
and were wanted for Mr. Boyd's private use.
Objection was made.
Mr. INGE insisted on the regular order of busi-
ness. .
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, was un-
derstood to make an inquiry of the Chair in re-
lation to Senate bills on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said Senate bills on the Speak-
er's table could only be taken up by unanimous
conscnt.
THE PRIVATE CALENDER.
The SPEAKER announced the regular business
of the day to be the consideration of bills on the
private calendar.
And the first in the order of that business was
the bill heretofore reported from the Committee
of the Whole, for the relief of John Dickson,
surviving partner of the firm of Lambert and Dick-
son.
And the pending question was on the engross-
ment thereof.
The bill having been ordered to a third reading,
was read a third time and passed.
The SPEAKER said that there was no other
private bill on the Speaker's table.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the private
calendar.
Mr. DUER moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER said that as this day was set
j apart for the consideration of private bills, the
| motion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Thomas] would be first put. If that motion
should not prevail, the question would then recur
on the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Dcer,] that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PECK said he presumed it was understood
by the House that this was objection day.
The SPEAKER said that this was the first
Friday in the month, and was therefore objection
day.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Thomas, and no quorum voted thereon.
Tellers [Messrs. Potter and Root] were ap-
pointed.
And the question was again taken, and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 79, noes 38.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the
chair.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the private calendar, under the restrictions
prescribed by the following rule of the House:
"Rule 30th. On the first And fourth Friday of each
month, the calendar of private hill-* shall hp oailcd over,
(the Chairman of the Committee of the Whole House com-
mencing the call where he lott off the previous day.) and
the bilU, to th« parage of which no objection ehall then he
nia''e, shall lie the fiist consideied anil disposed of."
The following bills, coming up in their order on
the calendar, were considered and laid aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that they do pass, viz:
A bill for the relief of Eliphas C. Brown;
A bill for the relief of Skelton Felton;
A bill for the relief of George Collier and Wil-
liam G. Peltus;
A bill for the relief of John Plunkett;
A bill for the relief of Williams, Staples, and
Williams;
A bill for the relief of Smith and Hersey;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Richards;
A bill for the relief of Edward Everett, late a
sergeant of the United States army;
A bill for the relief of Anna Grffin.
[This bill was amended on the motion of Mr.
Waldo, so as to substitute " Seeietary ofthc Inte-
rior" for "Secretary of War," as the officer to
adjust the claim.]
A bill for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman;
A bill for the relief of William Whicher;
A bill for the relief of Charles Stuart;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Jane West;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain George R. Shoemaker, deceased.
The following bills came up in their order for
consideration, but being objected to, as indicated
below, were laid over under the rule for future
consideration in Committee of the Whole, viz:
A bill for the relief of William Slocum, of New
York.
[Mr. JONES moved so to amend the bill that
the pension commence from and after the passage
thereof. He said that unless the friends of the
bill consented to such an amendment, he would be
compelled to object to its consideration to-day.
He was willing to let the case come under the op-
eration of the general law.]
Mr. McMULLEN objected to the bill.
A bill for the relief of' Joseph D. Ward. [Ob-
jected to by Messrs. Croweli. and Jones,]
A bill for the relief of A. Baudouin and A. D.
Roberts, of the city of New Orleans. [Objected
to by Messrs. Jones and Dunham.]
A bill for the relief of Suyles'J. Bowen. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. CarTter ]
A bill for the relief of Winthrop S. Harding.
[Objected to by Mr. Hall.]
A bill for the relief of Daniel Steenrod.
jected to by Messrs. Hunter and Otis.]
A bill for the relief of William J. Price.
[Ob-
[Ob-
jected to.],
A bill for the relief of Christopher H. Rix.
[Objected to by Messrs. Jones and Dunham.]
A bill for the relief of Robert Davidson. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Dunham.]
A bill for the relief of James Dixon. [Objected
to by Messrs. Hall and Jones.]
A bill for the relief of Manuel X. Harmony.
[Objected to by Mr. Ewing.]
A bill for the relief of Thomas 0. Selfridge.
[Objected to by Mr. Jones.]
A bill for the relief of Samuel Graves. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Morris.]
A bill for the relief of Jacob Drinkhouse. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Dunham.]
A bill for the relief of Jesse Doane. [Objected
to by Mr. Dunham.]
A bill for the relief of Hubert H. Booly. [Ob-
jected to by Messrs. Dunham and Crowell.]
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James C. Watson of Georgia. [Objected, to
by Mr. Crowell.]
A bill to provide for the settlement of the claim
of Henry Leef and John McKee. [Objected to
by Mr. Hall.]
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua Eddy,
deceased. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lurkin Smith.
[Objected to by Mr. Haymond.]
A bill for the .relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds. [Objected to by Mr. Dunham.]
A bill to incorporate the Columbian Manufac-
turing Company, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTTER moved an amendment, provi-
ding that the stockholders shall be held liable, in
their individual capacity, for all debts contracted
by said corporation.
Mr. DISNEY said that this was well enough,
as far as it went; but he must object to the con-
sideration of the bill to-day.]
A bill for the relief of Charles Lee Jones. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Thomas.]
Mr. THOMAS moved that the committee rise,
and report to the House the bills which had re-
ceived the favorable action of the committee.
Mr. CROWELL called for tellers on the motion
that the committee rise. They were ordered and
appointed. The question being put, the tellers
reported that there were 24 ayes, and 63 noes.
The CHAIR said there was no quorum voting.
He directed the Clerk, in compliance with the
rules, to call the roll to ascertain the names of the
absentees, which being done,
The committee rose, and its chairman reported
to the House the facts, accompanied by a list of
the names of the absentees, to be entered upon the
Journal of the House.
It having been ascertained, upon the call of the
roll, that there was a quorum, the House again
went into Committee of the Whole, and Mr.
Thompson, of Mississippi, resumed the chair.
The question, "Shall the committee now rise
and report the bills to the House?" was again put,
and carried in the affirmative.
The committee rose accordingly, and its chair-
man reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that they do pass, the several bills, (inserted
above,) which were laid aside to be so reported,
j On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it was ordered,
; that when the House adjourns, it be till Monday
I next. .
The SPEAKER said that the question would
| now be on ordering the bills reported from the
' committee to be engrossed and read a third time.
| The question was put, and the bills were so or-
! dered, and being engrossed, were read the third
' time and passed.
i On motion, the House then adjourned till Mon-
day next, at twelve o'clock. 
IN SENATE. _
Friday, Jlpril 5, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of the
Interior, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 2Gih ultimo, calling for a state-
ment of the number of acres sold and remaining
unsold jn the Milwaukee land district, &c,; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
