1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
K3T
resulted in the satisfactory adjustment of all exist-
ing difficulties
Mr. McDOWELL next obtained the floor, and
addressed the House for his allotted hour, in re-
marks,(which will be published in the Appendix,)
having: reference chiefly to the injustice that would
be perpetrated upon the South by the imposition
of a restriction, such as the Wilmot proviso, upon
the Territories of the United States.
The hour having expired,
Mr..HOLMES obtained the floor, and yielded
it to
Mr. McDOWELL, who was about to proceed
with his remarks, when
Mr. CONGER raised the question, whether it
was in order for the gentleman from Virginia to
proceed.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Boyd temporarily oc-
cupying the Chair) said, the Chair understood that
the gentleman from South Carolina had yielded
the floor.
Mr. McDOWELL said, he would assure the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conger,] that
he would find that none of his rights would be in-
vaded.
Mr. PRESTON KING, interposing upon the
point of order, said, that without desiring to pre-
vent the gentleman from Virginia from concluding
his speech, he felt constrained to insist upon an
observance of the rules.
Mr. HOLM ES said, he had yielded to the gen-
tleman from Virginia the right to occupy his
hour, under the belief—arising from the profound
attention with which the gentleman had been list-
ened to—that it would he agreeable to every one
that the gentleman from Virginia should proceed.
Mr. GSDDINGS said, he recollected that on a
former occasion, when a venerable and distin-
guished member of this House obtained the floor
in a similar manner by the courtesy of another
member, for the purpose of continuing his speech,
the privilege was refused him. He could not con-
sent that the privilege should be accorded in one
case, and not in another.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Boyd pro tem.) Does
the gentleman raise an objection ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, sir;I object.
Cries of " Go on,M " go on.5'
Mr. McDOWELL, (to the Speaker.) Have I
not a ri«ht, sir, to proceed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman has a right to proceed. The floor can
be vielded for explanation.
Ohjection was made by several gentlemen.
Mr. WHITE remarked, that he had known
several instances, in which gentlemen had been
permitted to proceed by general consent.
The SPEAKER said, he trusted the sense of the
House would be expressed in reference to ihe
point of order. The right of the gentleman from
Virginia, he remarked, would be evidently but a
limited right.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question of order.
The Speaker was about to put the question to
the Hou83 whether the gentleman should proceed
with his remarks. That is a motion involving a
suspension of the rules; and I submit to the Chair
that no motion to suspend the rules is in order ex-
cept on Monday.
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) The gentleman from
Ohio [VFr. Giddings] has correctly stated the
rule of the Hous*. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McDowell] has a
right to proceed by way of explanation, under the
privilege allowed him by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes.] It will be com-
petent for any gentleman to rise to a point of or-
der, if he supposes that the gentleman exceeds the
limit allowed by the usage or practice of the
House; and the Chair will decide whether the
gentleman is in order or not For the present, the
Chair decides that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. McDowell] is entitled to the floor, which
has been yielded to him by the gentleman from
South Carolina. [Mr. Holmes.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. 'The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. McDowell] proposed to go on
with his remarks. The consent of the House was
asked. The Chair submitted the question to the
House, and no objection was raised. The gentle-
man from Virginia had proceeded •
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) Objection had been
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
djngs ]
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair, but dM not press the appeal.
Some time passed in the effort of the Speaker to
restore «rder.
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) The Chair will
again state that the gentleman from Virginia has a
right to proceed with his remarks, under the priv-
ilege extended to him by the gentleman from South
Carolina. If the gentleman from Virginia should
wander beyond the point sanctioned by the prac-
tice of the House in such cases, any gentleman
can rise and submit the point of order, and the
Chair will deride it.
Mr. HOUSTON said he understood it to have
been decided by the Chair that the gentleman from
Ohio had raised objection. To terminate the mat-
ter, he (Mr. H ) would appeal from the decision.
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) stated the question to
be on the appeal.
Mr. PRESTON KING desired to know what
the decision of the Chair was.
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) explained.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that the gentleman from Virginia can go
on and continue Ms speech ?
The SPEAKER (pro tent.) The Chair has
made no such decision.
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) then repeated bis de-
cision.
Mr. HOUSTON. I find I misunderstood the
point of order decided by the Chair; I withdraw
the appeal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. BURT. T should be happy to hear the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McDowell ] But
I desire to know, as a matter of fact, whether the
ffentleman from Virginia has a^ked the gentleman
from South Carolina to yield the floor for expla-
nation ? No one would be mote happy than myself
to hear the distinguished gentleman from Virginia.
But we must respect the rules of the House.
Mr. DANIEL was understood to inquire of the
Speaker whether, if he (Mr. D ) withdrew his
amendment, the question before the House would
he so changed as to entitle the gentleman from
Virginia to proceed ?
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) That cannot de-
prive the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] of hi«j right to the floor
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, desired to be
informed whether the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Holmes] had yielded the floor for ex-
planation? or whether the gentleman had said any-
thing to be explained ?
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. T call the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to order.
No one is entitled to the floor but the gentleman
from South Carolina
Mr. McDOWELL now inquired what the de-
cision of thp Chair was?
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) explained.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER (pro Urn.) Does the gentle-
man rise to a question of order ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do.
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) The gentleman
will state ir.
Mr. WILLI AMS. It is in the power of the een-
! tlemnn from Virginia to state whether he obtained
: the floor for the purpose of explanation, or for the
| purpose of continuing" his speech. If to continue
| his speech, then it is not in order.
j The SPEAKER (pro fpm ) The Chair cannot
| call the gentleman from Virginia to order until the
| gentleman shall have violated the rules of order.
[Cries: "Go on ! Go on!"]
Mr. McDOWELL. I shall not go on, except
for a few minutes. If gentlemen will allow me a
few moments, 1 shall 2:0 on—not to explain, unless
that is explanation which has reference to the dis-
position of this whole subject.
Mr. McD. said, the House need not be un-
der any uneasiness or apprehension as to ar.y
transgression of the rules on his part. It was not
often that he claimed the attention of the House.
He had, in fact, but little more to say, and it was
very, possible, under all the circumstances of the
case, that it would be better that even that should
be omitted.
Mr. FOWLER interposed to the point of ord^r,
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McDowell]
was not speaking in explanation of anything which
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
had said.
The SPEAKER sustained the point of order,
Mr. McDowell took his seat.
Mr. HOLM ES resumed the floor, and addressed
the House for an hour, contending that the dan-
gers which now encompass us are not attributable
to the operations of Abolitionists, so much as to
the conflict between the capital of wealth in the
North and the capital of labor in the South. .
Mr. WILLIAMS, among several competitors,
obtained the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to yield for explanation.
Mr. WILLIAMS yielded.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise for the purpose
of withdrawing the motion I submitted the other
day to refer the pending proposition to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the.Union.
I do so to divest the question, in some degree, of
the complication which now surronnds it, and for
the purpose of facilitating the settlement of the
several questions involved.
Mr. BURT. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is, that the gentleman from Illinois,
after the instructions which had been moved,can-
not withdraw his amendment.
The SPEAKER (pro tem t Mr. Boyd ) The
Chair is of opinion that the gentleman ftom Illi-
nois has the rijrht to withdraw his motion.-
Mr. MEADE. I ask if the gentleman from
Tennessee can yield the floor for that purpose?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
gentleman might yield the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I understand that he yields for
explanation. Can the gentleman from Illinois,
having obtained the floor for such a purpose, with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Intending to move the
previous question, I thought u proper to permit
any gentleman to make any explanation or any al-
teration to any amendment he may have offered.
For that reason, I yielded the floor to the gentle*
man from Illinois.
Mr. McCLERNARD. I withdraw the motion
to refer.
Mr. GIDDINGS was understood to say that he-
wished to make an explanation of a similar char-
acter to that of the gentleman from Illinois. He
now moved to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WILLIAMS declined to yield for the pur-
pose indicated, and moved the previous quegtion.
He remarked that he had no desire to postpone
action; but if gentlemen wished, he would move
to postpone the bill until twelve o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. BURT inquired what would be the effect
of the previous question at this stajre of the bill?
He understood that an amendment had been offered,
and an amendment to that amendment: was he
accurate as to that ?
The SPEAKER replied in the afnmative.
Mr. BURT (continuing) desired to know
whether the House, by sustaining the previous
question, would not be confined to these twoampud-
ments, and then to the bill itself? In other words,
whether, if the previous question were now sus-
tained, it would be in order to move to reduce the
sum from ten millions to some smaller sum ?
The SPEAKER replied, that if the previous
question were sustained by the House, it would
not be in order to move any amendment. The
House would be brought to a direct vote, first
upon the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina to the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky; then upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky; and then upon the bill,
amended or not amended, as the House should
have decided.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, wiif it be
in order for me to move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Speaker will bear in
mind that ( do not yield the floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
decided during the premises, that a membercannot
yield the floor for the purpose of allowing another
member to offer any motion in the way of amend-
ment, or to refer, (for the motion to refer stands
on precisely the same footing with the mofton to-
amend.) But a member has the right to withdraw
his mon at any time before the House have
taken action upon it. After the previous question
had been moved by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, and before it was seconded, the gentleman
