1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJ8E.
Sept. 3,
from Illinois would have had the righ£ to withdraw |
his motion to commit. Therefore, it was not ne- .
cessary for the gentleman from Tennessee to yield ,
the floor to the' gentleman from Illinois for that j
purpose. i
Mr GIDDINGS made an inquiry, which was :
not distinctly heard by the reporter; in reply to i
which, I
The SPEAKER repeated his statement as to .
the riijht of the gentleman from Illinois to with- j
draw "hid motion to refer after the demand for the j
previous question— j
The question being: on seconding the demand '
for the previous question— !
Mr. FEATHERSTON appealed to Mr. Wil- j
ltams to withdraw the demand, to enable him to I
offer a substitute for the bill itself.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
previous question having been moved, no remarks
werein order.
Mr FEATHERSTON. I am satisfied that the
gentlenran from Tennessee, [" order, order,'']
who wants to stop discussion, does not want to
cutoff amendment.
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to offering
any amendment at this time.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Then I hope the de-
mand for the previousquestion will be voted down.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to know the nature of
the question. Had the motion to commit been
withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. And the previous question
ia now moved ?
The SPEAKER. The previous - question is
moved by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the previous question is
sustained, there will be no possible means of
modifying the original bill.
The SPEAKER. There will be none except
by the amendments already offered.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, Mr. BURT,and others,
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " Will the House adjourn?" was
then taken,and decided in the negative—yeas 49,
nays 132.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Tellers weie ordered, (and Messrs. Harris, of
Tennessee, and Campbell, were appointed") -
Mr. FO WLER inquired of the Chair whether,
if the previous question should be sustained, he
could offer an amendment reducing the amount?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has repeatedly
stated, that tf the previous question is sustained,
no amendment will be m order.
Mr. EWING, (to the Speaker.) Will it be in
order to move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. EWING. I make the motion, and ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. E. withdrew the demand for the yeas and
nays.
The question, "Shall there be a call of the
House?" was then taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So a eall of the House was refused.
The question then recurred and wa3 taken on
the demand for the previous question, and the vote
stood—ayes 76, noes 92.
So there was not a second.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I move that the
H'-use adjourn.
Mr DUERandMr. BURT demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. McLANE. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ, and I move to refer the bill and amend
ments to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
[Several members requested Mr. McLane to
give way ]
Mr. McL. said, he did not intend to give way
to any friend, either on the right or on the left.
The SPE A KER interposed to the restoration of
order, there was so much confusion in the Hail.
Mr. McLAiNE then said : Mr. Speaker^! renew
this motion to commit, in order that the House may
come to a test vote upon the pending question. I
shall no- myself vote for this motion to commit,
because I am cow tent to take the bill with the pend-
ing: amendments; and further, 1 feel there is great
danger, almost certain danger, of so amending the
bill that it would be laden down with such amend-
ments as would effectually change its character and
insure its defeat; in other words, I think it stronger
as it is than it can be m any other shape. Gentle-
men who are not in favor of it without radical
amendments cannot be regarded as friends of the
bill, and may now vote to commit and offer their
amendments. I shall regret that they have the
strength thus to defeat the bill, but I will meet my
duty on their amendments as cheerfully as I now
vote my sentiments on the bill and pending ameqd-
ments. This motion to commit may therefore be
deemed a test vote, especially if it be followed by
the previous question, for we will then have an
opportunity to determine in advance of the pur-
chase of territory from Texas the character of ter-
ritorial governments to which the territory thus
ceded shall he subjected. This issue wc have now
before us in the amendments of the gentlemen from
North Carolina and Kentucky, and finally these,
or either of them, failing, the Senate bill itself, un-
embarrassed by other issues, is still within reach
of the House. I demand the previousquestion.
Mr. PRESTON KING. If the previousques-
tion can be put upon the motion to refer, \ have no
objection, [order, order;] butif it covers the whole
question, 1 am opposed to it. I ask of the Chair
what will be the effect of the previous question?
[Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER. It is proper to answer the in-
quiry for the information of the House. If the
previous question is sustained it wiil bring the
House to a vote, first upon the motion to refer: if
the .House refuse to commit the bill, the previous
question wiil not be exhausted, until the House
shall have voted upon the pending amendments,
and upon the bill.
Tellers were demanded upon the second of the
previous question.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
| Mr. JONES called the yeas and nays.
i The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Ewikg and Root were appointed.
The question was taken, and, by ayes 91, noes
78, was agreed to.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to'the appropriate com-
mittees: -
By Mr. CHANDLER: Five petitions, numerously signed
by cairns of Pitt?burg, Pennsylvania, asking for a modifi-
cation of the tariff ol 1846. and a return to >pecific duties.
Als-o, one of like character from citizens ot Carbon
county, Pennsylvania.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Philadelphia, asking
for a ledacuon of postage to two cent* on prepaid letters.
Also, a petition of sundry citizens of Philadelphia, asking
that there may be established an ds&imilated rank lor
medical officers irt the navy.
1 By Mr. GILMOItE: The petition of citizens of Iowa for
a grant ot land to aid the State of Iowa to construct a rail-
road troin Keokuck to Dubuque in said State.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, September 3, 1850.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before
the body a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 28th ultimo, asking for a copy of the
report of Professor Charles G. Paee, exhibiting
the results, as far as ascertained, of his experi-
ments in testing the capacity and usefulness of the
| electro-magnetic power as a mechanical agent for
j the purposes of navigation arid locomotion, author-
ized by the act of Congress of 3d March, 1849.
j Mr BENTON. These papers were furnished
i at my instance. The regular motion would be to
i print them, but that seems to be a blank motion
| just now, the only effect of which is to send the
- papers away, so that we cannot set a change of
j seeing them or using them. 1 shall therefore make
: no motion at present, but let the papers lie on the
' fable; and if 1 see there is any chance hereafter of
| getting them printed, I will move to have u done.
The communication was laid on the table.
THE APPROPRIATION B*LLS.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to give notice that
to-morrow morning, during the time for receiving
j reports, the Finance Committee will report the ap-
i propriation bill for the Post Office and mail service,
and ask that it be immediately taken up and acted
on. 1 shall be prepared with full statements and
explanations, and I call the attention of Senators
to it now, that they may turn their attention to the
subject and be ready to act on it. The committee
have now that bill, the Indian appropriation bill,
and the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill be-
fore them, and it is desirable that they should be
getting them off their hands. I shall, therefore,
to-morrow, during the morning hour, report the
Post Office bill, and ask the Senate to take it up
for action.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of the firm
of E. J. Cook & Co., engaged in the vending of
merchandise m the city of San Antonio, in the
State of Texas, and also in the town of Fredericks-
burg, in said State, setting forth that hand of United
States soldiers, attached to the military post near
Fredericksburg, surrounded their store, forcibly
broke open the door, set the store on fire, and de-
stroyed their whole stock of merchandise, books
of accounts, and papers, as well as all the record-
books and archives of the country—all of which
facts are substantiated by testimony. The memo-
rialists ask,,as the guilty parties can only be pun-
ished for a breach of the criminal laws of the
State, that an act may be passed remunerating
them for the losses sustained in consequence of the
outrage; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
Alsop & Chauncey, Howland & Aspinwall, Min-
turn & Co., and other shipping merchants, with
the presidents of the principal insurance companies
of the city of New York, interested in the com-
merce of the Pacific, setting forth the serious losses
invariably sustained by those engaged in the trade,
from the delay, difficulty, and expense of discharg-
ing cargoes at San Francisco, and asking that a
port of entry may be established at Benicia, or the
Straits of Karquinez, on account of thesuperionty
of the harbor and the depth of water close in shore,
security from winds,&c.; which was ordered to lie
on the table—a bill having already been reported,
on the subject.
Mr. TURNEY presented a petition from the
assistant messengers and laborers employed in the
General Land Office, asking an increase of their
compensation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of Isaac Seymour, a pensioner of the United
States, asking to be allowed a back pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BELL presented a petition of citizens of
Tennessee, asking the establishment of a mail
route from Waynesborough to Decaturville, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Road?.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill No. 86, being
the bill for the relief of Skelton Felton, reported
back the same without amendment and recom-
mended its passage.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the immediate consideration of the bill
as in Committee of the Whole, and, no amend-
ment having been proposed, the bill was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, and was
read a third time and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, to which was referred the me-
morial of Joseph J. Graham, asking authority to
raise a regiment of dragoons from the young men
of the southwestern part of Virginia and the
eastern part of Tennessee, to serve on the frontier,
and at the expiration of their term to be allowed
a half section of land, asked to be dischaiged from
the further consideration of the same; which wes
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred certain resolutions of the Legislature of
the State Of Texas, relative to the payment of cer-
tain companies for services on the western frontier,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be printed,
accompanied by a joint resolution for the settlement
of the accounts of certain companies of Texas vol-
unteers, which was read and passed to u second
reading.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked to be discharged from the further
