1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
consideration of the representation of the Grand
Jury of Washington county, D. C., concerning the
criminal court-room, and terms and offices of the
circuit court, and that it be referred to the Cora'
mittee for the District of Columbia.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension
of five yeais to the widow of Lieutenant Colonel Zenon
Mackay, late of the United States army.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would suggest
to the Senator from Missouri that cases of this
kind have been referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions during the present session.
Mr. BENTON. The classification of this de-
scription of cases is not yet established by law,
but they belong to the military branch of the ser-
vice. I am one of those who have thought from
the beginning that a life was a life, whether it is
lo&t in the naval or in the military service of the
country, by water or by land; that if a man died
in the service of his country he had given his life
for his country, and his family ought to be placed
on the same footing, to whichever branch of the
service he tivghr have belonged. I move to refer
this to the Military Committee, in order that the
Military Committee may plead the cause of the
army, whose destinies and interests are in their
hands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I merely raised
the question of reference. I do not object to the
reference to the Military Committee. I agree with
the Senator from Missouri that that committee
should provide whatever law 8 are necessary to
govern these pension; but a different rule has pre-
vailed this session, and I merely wanted to call his
attention tn  he fact.
The PF E 4f DENT. The resolution is not un-
der consn e ation now. It lies over under the
rules.
ACCOUNTS OF PIERCE M. BUTLER.
Mr. ATCHISON asked and ohtamed leave to
introduce a joint resolution for the settlement of
the accounts with the heirs and representatives of
Colonel Pierce M. Butler, late agent for the Cher-
okee Indians. It was read a first and second time,
and on his motion the bill was considered as in
Committee of the Whole, was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read a third time and passed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN OREGON.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 250, being a bill to
" create the office of the surveyor general of the
public lands i<i Oregon, and to provide for the sur-
vey and to make donations to settlers of the said
public lands."
The first question was on certain amendments
reported from the Committee on Public Lands.
The first amendment was to strike out of the
fourth section the following words:
" And no interest in the part so held by the wife in her
own ritflit -hail be liable tor or subject to sale tor the debts of
hf r husband."
That part of the section was in these words:
"Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, Thar there shallhc, and
hereby is, granted to evtrv white settler or occupant of the
public land-., (Atneiican half-breed Indians included,) above
the age of eighteen years, being a citizen of tiu> United
States, or having made a declaration according to law of his
intention to become a citizen, or who shall make such de-
clatauon on or before the first day of December, eighteen
hundred and ri'ty-one, now residing in said Territory, or
who shall become a rej-ident theieof on or before the fir-st
dav of December, eighteen hundred and fifty, and who shall
have resided upon and cultivated the same for four consec-
utive years, and shall othetwise conform to the provisions
ot this act, the quantity of one half-section, or three hun- ■
dred and twenty acres ot land, if a miicIo man, and if a j
mairied man, or it he shall become married within one vear j
from the fir t day of December, eighteen hundred and fifty, |
the quantity of one section or six hundred and forty acres, I
one half to himself and the other half to bis wife, to b^ j
held hy her in her own rijxht; and th^ Surveyor General j
shall de-iannte the part muring to the husband and that to !
the wife, and enter the >ame on the lecoid- of his office j I
and no interest in the part to held by the, wife, m kero'tw right,
shall be liable for, or subject to $ ale for the dehts of her hu^- [
hand; and in all cases where «uoti nianied pei*nn< have i
complied with the, piovisionsof this act so to enmle them |
to the «rant as above provided, whether under the late pro- |
visional government of Oregon, or --nice, and either shall ,
have di« d helore patent is-ue->, the survivoj and children or '
heirs of th- decea-ed shall be entitled to the share or mter-
en of the d' ceased in equal propoitions, evcept where the i
deceased shall otherwise dispose of it, by testament duly j
and properly executed according to the laws of Oiegon."  
Mr. WALKER. I would ask for some ex-
planation of that amendment from the committee
who had this bill in charge.
Mr. FELCH. The provision which the com-
mittee recommend in their report should be stricken
out relates to lands to be given in certain cases to
the wives of settlers. The bill provides that no
interest in the part so held by the wife in her own
right shall be liable for or subject to sale for the
debts of the husband.
The objection is not to the principle contained in
that provision, except so far as relates to the power
of Congress to legislate on the subject. It was
thought by the committee that the States them-
selves have full power and right to legislate in
regard to what maybe taken under judicial pro-
ceedings, and what may not, and that it should not
be annexed as a condition to a grant of land by
Congress; that it was one 6f those subjects with
which Congress should not interfere. Thus much
with regard to the principle.
It is of no consequence practically whether the pro-
vision is left in or not, for we understand that the
same provision is included in the territorial law of
Oregon. The very right which the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] wishes to secure to the
people of Oregon, is secured to them by the action
of the proper tribunal, the local legislative authority
of the Territory. There is,therefore, no need of in-
serting it here; and if gentlemen reflect, they will
see that it involves an important question relative
to the powers of Congress.
Mr. WALKER I am entirely satisfied with
the explanation, but I desired that the chairman of
the committee should expiess the views which I
believe governed the committee, before the Senate
and the country. I agree with him, and, I believe,
with all the members of the committee, that the
exercise of this power by Congress would be im-
proper and unconstitutional; I am perfectly satis-
fied with the explanation.
Mr. PRATT. I cannot consent that the vote
should be taken under the supposition that every
member of the committee concurs in the opinion
expressed by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Felch ] Now, I concede that we have no right
to interfere with the jurisdiction of States in refer-
ence to property within their limits; but I imagine
that there can be no doubt of the power on the
part of Congress, when making a gratuity, to an-
nex any conditions which they may think proper
to that gratuity. We have certainly the power
to give land to the wives of dead soldiers, and to
say that it shall not go to pay the debts of the
husband.
The question was ihen taken on the amendment,
but there was found to be no quorum voting.
Mr. BADGER. What is the subject-matter to
which the amendment relatfs?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I can make an ex-
planation which will satisfy all. The bill provides
for settlers in Oregon, and here is a provision that
the interest of the wife shall not be liable for the
husband's debts. The local law of Oregon, I un-
derstand, provides precisely the same thing; so
that it is entirely immaterial whether the amend-
ment be adopted or rejected; the effect will be pre-
cisely the same.
Mr. RUSK. I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate, but it seems to me entirely competent to Con-
gress, when making a donation, to direct the man-
ner in which it shall be enjoyed, and to direct,
therefore, that the wife shall have certain interest
which shall not be subject to be sold for the hus-
band's debts That, in my opinion, is a very
good principle; it is one which has been adopted
in many of the States, and which is being adopted
every day in the most enlightened States of the
Union.
But it is said that it is useless to insert this pro-
vision in the bill, because the Legislature of Ore-
gon have already provided the same thing Well,
that may or may not he; they may repeal it. But
this is a donation of land by the Government to
certain families, and it secures an interest in that
land to the wife, and prevents its being subject to
sale for the husband's debts. That is a very good
principle, one wh ch Congress js perfectly compe-
tent to adopt, and one which 1 hope will be re-
tamed in this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur folly in what the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has suggested,
that in maUing a donation of land t.o the original
settlers in that section of country, we may un-
doubtedly provide for the protection of the inter-
est of the wife against the debts of the husband.
If I understand the Senator from Illinois correctly,
such is now the provision of the law of that Ter-
rnoiy. Then, if we retain this provision in the
bill, we shall only affi<m, that law, and in ca^e
tnere should be any subsequent alteration in the
law of the Territory, the widow will be protected
u/ider our law, when she might not otherwise be
protected.
There is another reason why I am opposed to
this amendment. I wish the bill could pass the
Senate without any amendment whatever. i
would prefer to take it precisely as it came from
the House. Though it does not in all respects
correspond with my views, yet looking at thern-k
which it i uns of not gettifig a concurient vote in
the House upon our amendments, I desire to make
no amendments, or certainly as lew as possible.
The question wa^ then taken on the, amend-
ment, and it was rejected on a division of 17 to 24.
The next amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out of the fourth section the follow-
ing proviso:
"Provided, nevertheless, Transfers of title to land situated
in Oiegori by an alien or aliens to each other, heretofore
made, shall be ot no force or effect except as herein oihei-
wise provided.''
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the word
"future" before the word *« contracts," in the
5]st line of the same section, so as to make it
read :
"Provided further, That all future contract-* made by any
person or persons entitled to the benefit of tins act, tor the
sale of the land to which he or they may be entitled under
ihi^ act betore he or they have received a patent Uieret'ur,
shall be null and void."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of the
5th section the woids u emigrating irom the United
States and," so as to make it read:
" That to all white male citizens ol tin- United States or
[■persons enngating from the Uinitd St'.tcs,, and] who bhnll
have made a declaration of intention to become such above
the age o; twenty-one >< ar«, emigrating to and sctthi.g in *
said Teiritory between the first day of December, 18.30, and
the fir-t day of December, 1855; and to all while male
American citizens, not herembt tore provided for, becoming
one and twenty year  of age, in said Territory, and settling
there between the tunes last aforesaid, who shall in other
rejects comply with the foregoing section and the provi-
sions ot this law, there shall tie and hereby in granti d the
quantity of one. quarter-section, or one hnttdn d and sixry
acres of land, if a single man ; or >f inaiin d, or il he shall
Income married within one year from the lime of arriving
in said Territory, or within one >ear after b  coming iwentj-
one years of age as afoie-aid, then the quaiititv or one hafiT
section, or three hundred and tw<-nt\ acrt s, one halt to the
husband and the other half to the wile jh her own right,
to he designated hy the surveyor geneiai as aiore>aid ; Pro-
dded, always. That no person shall e\er receive a pao-nt tor
more thau one donation ol land m said Terutory in hi-s or
her own right."
Mr. BADGER Mr. President. I desire to sug-
gest u mere verbal amendment to the bill. In the
35th line of the fourth secuon, I propose to strike
out the word donated," and insert the woid
"given" in us place. I have great doubts as to
whether the word 14 donated" can be considered a
good English word. It is at best but a denizen,
and I prefer a natural born subject of the language*
The passage was as follows:
u Provided, That no alien shall be entitled to a patent to
land donated bvtlus act until he shall produce to the survey-
or general of Oregon record evidence that hi* naturalization
a*> a citizen of the United States has been completed; but
if any alien having made his declaration of intention to he-
come a citizen of the United State*, altei the parage ot this
act, shall die betore Ins naturalization shall he completed,
the possessory riaht acquired by hun under the pruvi.-ions
ol this act shall descend to his heirs-at-law, or pa** u> his
devisees, to whom, as the case may he, the patent shall is-
sue."
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest the word
" granted*' as a suitable one.
Mr. BADGER. Very well; I move to strike
out 44 donated," and insert 44 granted."
The amendment was agreed to.
The same amendment was made in the 10th line
of the eleventh section.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, offered the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
"And that such portions ot the pu'>he lands as mav be
designated under the authoiity of lie President of the Uni-
t< d States tor tort«, magazines, arsenals, dockyards, and
other needful put.lie u«-e& shall be reserved and excepted
from the operation of this net."
Mr DOUGLAS. Mr. President, there could
be no objection to that amendment, if it was re-
stricted to the lands not occupied, cultivated, and
improved prior to the passage of this act. But if
that amendment is to authorize a military officer
