1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJE.
647
so incomprehensible in this argument, something
so unreasonable in this proposition, that 1 cannot
believe it, or accept it, on the authority of any
man, however distinguished as a statesman. But
I do not wish to pursue this argument any fur-
ther. f have merely alluded to it for the purpose
of declaring that I regard the instructions as con-
stitutional, and that it is my duty, as well as my
determination, to obey them.
Sir, in sayi«g this I do not wish to be understood
as laying down any rule for the government of
others in similar cases. I merely wish to prescribe
a rule in this particular case for my own govern-
ment—and that is, to obey constitutional instruc-
tions, or r-esign. This, I take it, is a good, honest,
old-fashioned, Democratic rule, upon which I can
stand and act with honor and safety.
It will be readily perceived that this restriction
upon my action, will prevent me from giving my
support to the proposition now under considera-
tion, or to any compromise on the question of
slavery in the territories. lama little afraid of
this committee of thirteen, any how. I hardly
think it can do any good, and I am afraid it may
do much injury, in my opinion, the mind of
every member of this Senate has been long made
up on all these questions. A great Senatorial
committee like thjs will excite great public expec-
tation, and if this expectation be disappointed, the
effect may be extremely prejudicial.
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) I wish to make
one single suggestion to my honorable friend, that
he has misunderstood the motion which I have
had the honor -to present. A "compromise" is
not mentioned; " adustment" is the word. And, if
he is in favor of adjusting the questions, he must
go for the motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, sir, I am not so critical
perhaps m my knowledge of words as my honor-
able friend from Mississippi, and I will change the
■word compromise for the word adjustment. How-
ever, in acting under the instructions of my State
1 am determined to act in good faith; 'and there-
fore, I cannotsupport the proposition of my honor-
able friend from Mississippi for what he calls the
adjustment" of these questions, or any of the
propositions o-f compromise on this subject. But,
sir, while this is the case, I afh far from thinking
that it is my duty, as a Senator from Illinois, know-
ing as I do the spirit and patriotism of the people
of that State, to stand here in my place, and wage
a war of fierce denunciation against this and every
other proposition, which may have been matured
and brought forward by the highest minds of this
sbody, for the settlement and adjustment of our
unfortunate difficulties. It woul-d be especially
unworthy of me, who have been the recipient of
the generous, though perhaps unmerited sympathy
of this whole country, to contribute my puny
efforts in this body to widen the breach between
the North and the South, and to excite the passions
and prejudices of one section of this great country
against another. I think I ought to be one of the
last of living men to be guilty of.such conduct.
Sir, 1 have seen northern men and southern men
stand together shoulder to shoulder in many a
struggle I have seen northern and southern blood
mingle on many a field. I have seen northern and
southern men follow the glorious standard of a
common country to common victory, and to many
a victory. And, with all these recollections stiil
around me, I would consider myself criminal to
take advantage of my present position, to excite
hate and animosity between brethren of the same
country, having the same glorious history and the
same common destiny, the same pride in the past
and the same hope for the future; especially as I
sincerely believe that the very men now engaged
in this unfortunate controversy, would to-morrow,
if necessary, unite in a common struggle, for their
common country, against a hostile world. Sir, I
have no sympathy—no communion of feeling—-
with those men who employ their energies, in
exciting and maddening one portion of their
countrymen against another. I have seen and felt
the ruin and wretchedness, that have followed the
success of such unhallowed efforts in other lands,
and I am persuaded that a similar result would at-
tend the success of such efforts here. Yes, sir,
the full and complete success of these unholy ef-
forts heie would be the rum of this republican
Government, the destruction of this great temple
of American liberty. #
Mr. President, I regret to say that the proceed-
ingsof Congress, during the present session, have
been characterized by extraordinary passion and
excitement. Criminations, invectives, and per-
sonalities have too often disfigured our debates,
and have even threatened, on some occasions, to
bring us into angry personal collision. These were
ominous indications in an American Congress,
and particularly in an American Senate, which
has been uniformly distinguished heretofore for
the dignity, propriety, and decorum of its pro-
ceedings. But, sir, not only here, but throughout
the whole country, the indications seemed omin-
ous of some impending evil. The North was in
a state of perfect apathy, while the South was in
a state of furious excitement; the North was glo-
rifying the virtues of the Wilmot proviso, while
the South was organizing the southern States, and
preparing to assemble a great Southern Conven-
tion at Nashville, thftt could have no purpose—I
moan to say no practical purpose—but the disso-
lution of this Union. I say practical purpose, be-
cause I hold that, unless the South is prepared to !
urge matters to the last extremity, that Convention '
ought never to be held. In my opinion, it would j
prove deeply injurious to the character of the ;
South. Mr. President, I looked upon this unnat- |
ural state of things—this singular national discord-
ance—one portion of the same country in apathy,
and another palpitating with excitement; one por-
tion unmoved and indifferent, and the other pre-
paung for revolution, as the presage of some great
national evil. I know, sir, there may be otheis
less timid than I am, who may have looked upon
all this with something like indifference; but I am
not one of these indifferent men; I can be indiffer-
ent in nothing, and least of all upon questions that
involve, not only the existence of this Govern-
ment, but the existence of liberal government
throughout the world. To me this is not merely
an American question; it is a mundane question.
I look upon it in connection with the question of
civil liberty and human progress in other countries,
oecause I am convinced, that if the great experiment
of republican government fails on this continent, it
need never be attempted again in this world.
And, sir, I began to fear that the experiment
was about to fail; that the glorious institutions
which you have received as a legacy from a wise i
-ond noble ancestry, and which you hold in trust, 1
not for yourselves only, not for this generation
alone, but for future generations, for posterity,
and humanity, were, by some fatality, by some
judgment perhaps of Divine wrath, or by some of
those terrible conjunctures which destroy the best
of human institutions, approaching a dark, prema-
ture, and inglorious end. And was there not
cause, sir, for serious alarm? Was it not felt j
by every member of this body? The South i
complains of grievances and aggressions, and I
complains vehemently. I think the South ex-
aggerates these grievances; but doubtless it has ■
some grounds of just complaint. But let me say, j
the North complains of grievances also, and it <
has some just grounds of complaint also. Indi- |
vidual, sectional, and national grievances exist [
under every Government on the face of the earth; 1
and grievances, I fear, will continue to exist for- j
ever, under every form of human government. |
But suppose, sir, all the gucvances of which |
the South complains to be wholly imaginary, (and j<
some of our northern friends think so,) does this !,
lessen the imminence of the danger? No, sir; by ■;
no means. On the contrary, imaginary grievances :
are often more dangerous than real ones. Real !.
grievances can be redressed; for imaginary griev-
ances there is no remedy. Sir, more than half
the great convulsions that have shaken this world
have sprung from imaginary grievances. ^ ^ >
It is not real dangers tftat are present to us; it is
prospective dangers—dangers that loom and lower
in the distant future—that frighten and alarm us ;
most. These are the dangers that excite men to ■:
acts of folly, and urge them on to the most fearful
extremities. And, sir, there are times and seasons ■
when it is impossible to account for the folly of ;
human conduct any how. There are periods when
men and nations rush blindly, or, rather, with ,
their eyes open, on certain and inevitable destruc-
tion. This is the history of the world. The an-
nals of nations are filled with instances of this
kind—with periodical instances of folly and phren-
sy. One generation builds up, and another pulls
down—one generation founds empires, and another
destroys them. This has been the history of the
world for six thousand years, and witf continue,
i fear, to be its history forever. And without
meaning to cast any reflection upon the genera-
tion to which I belong, I must say, that when I
saw the total failure of the people of Europe, in
their recent struggles, their unsuccessful efforts, to
ameliorate their condition and reform their institu-
tions, 1 began to fear that there was something
wrong in the character of the present age, and that
the responsibilities of this great Government had
fallen, perhaps, on a generation unequal to the
present crisis, and incapable of wielding, at this
critical juncture, the destinies of this great Re-
public. But, sir, when we see assembled in this
chamber, as if by the special ordination of Provi-
dence, the highest intellects of this nation—minds
matured and moderated by experience, and exalted
and ennobled by patriotism—men capable of com-
prehending the dangers and difficulties of the crisis,
and having the courage and capacity—and i may
add, the national reputation, to grapple with these
dangers, and triumph over them—I think we may
conclude, and conclude joyfully, that Heaven still
smiles on this favored land; that thegloriousstars,
the appropriate emblem of this great Republic,
are not yet destined to set in darkness and blood,
but to illumine for ages—I hope forever—the
broadest and brightest political firmament that
ever sheltered liberty, civilization, and humani-
ty. My admit ation and enthusiasm have been
often excited this session, at the extraordinary
efforts of the greaft statesmen of this body, to
work out some just and equitable plan for the
settlement of our unfortunate difficulties. When
Ijsaw the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
now in the chair, present his great plan of nation-
al compromise, and when 1 listened to his thrill-
ing eloquence and fearless enunciation of great
moral truths, in favor of liberty and humanity—
truths as old as the laws that govern the moral
world, and which will live and kindle the hearts
of millions, when the present generation is moul-
dering in the dust—1 felt that there is a heroism
higher and holier than any that ever inspired a
conqueror to tread his way through blood and bat-
tle to victory and immortality. I forgot on that
occasion that I was a Democrat, and that he was
the great leader of the Whig parly. I remem-
bered nothing but the great cause and the great
advocate. 1 saw nothing but the great Republi-
can, and the great American. 1 do not allude to
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky for
the purpose of invidious distinction; on the con-
tiary, I refer to him as the type, or rather as the
centrtal figure of a host of intellectual giants, who
have employed their time, and talents, and ener-
gies, this session, in the great Republican and
American work of compromise. I call the work
of. compromise emphatically American. A fear-
ful controversy has raged here, and throughout
the country, this whole session. A controversy
that excites the strongest and deepest feelings of
our nature—a controversy, as it were, between
sentiment and interest, liberty and slavery. And
yet, no man now, either in this body or the
other Hall, seriously contemplates any other re-
sult than its amicable adjustment, by an honor-
able and a national compromise. Well, sir, my
notion is, that this controversy could not have
raged one month, in any other country on earth,
without a national convulsion. Why is this, sn ? .
Because the people of tins country are trained
and educated to sctUe all then difficulties, public
and private, by just and honorable compromise,
while the people of other countries, in great na-
tional difficulties, are accustomed lo have imme-
diate recourse to force. Sir, there are only two
principles employed in the govtrnmentof the po-
litical world—force and compiomise. Some nations
me governed by both principles, others by fovce
alone; but this is the only nation that has always
been governed by compromise since the founda-
tion of the Government, and it must continue to
be so governed hs long as it continues to be a Re-
public. Sir, wlieie Muijo-omise ends force begins,
and whenforcc begins uur begins; and the toc&in
of civil war is the death-knell of Republicanism.
Mr. President, I am in favor of the admission of
California into the Union .is a State. Here there
is no room for compromise. 1 am also 111 favor of
keeping the question of admission unconnected
with any of the oilier exciting questionsnow before^
the Senate. A great measure, like the admission of
an independent State, tiiouid, in my opinion, be
