1850.
THE CON GliJSSSf ON A L GLOBE.
1741
immediately ask the Government to send a new
garrison, and if they do so they have to purchase
another.square, upon which to build the barracks.
1 have known that to occur.
The question with us now, therefore, is, whether
we will reserve these lands, having the title to
them, for military purposes, or will allow a claim
to be laid upon them, and then purchase the very
sites which should have been reserved. That is
the irue question which the Senate have to con-
sider. We have, no doubt, Senators here who
have acquired a great deal of that species of infor-
mation which is to be derived from the inhabitants
of the Territory. They may argue very plausibly
for the interest of the inhabitants of prospective vil-
lages there. But when the War Department ask
for reservations, they have the testimony of disin-
terested persons. Theofficers of the army can have
no interest in breaking down a village; no purpose
to turn any man out of his possession; no wish to
make reservations anywhere except so far as the
interests of the country require it. They know
that when population closes in upon them, and
their garrison is no longer required, it will be-re-
moved. When the garrison becomes unnecessary
in a place, it is to be removed.
In order that the Senate may well understand
under what authority I have acted in offering this
amendment, 1 will read a letter of the Secretary of
War.
[The letter was read, but a copy of it could not
be ohtained.]
Mr. D0UCJLA.S. One word further in explana-
tion in regard to this subject. I understand from
the Delegate from Oregon the facts to be these.
The Government have selected various site3 for
military purposes. They have takffn possession
of Cape Disappointment and of Point Adams, the
two great points commanding the entrance of the
Columbia, for that purpose, to which there was no
claim, and consequently no objection. They have
also taken possession of another point called Sand
Island, I believe, and of many other points on the
river to which no claim for improvements is as-
serted, and to which of course there i3 no objec-
tion. But, in addition, they have taken posses-
sion of the formersite of Astoria, containing thirty
houses, out of which they have turned the inhab-
itants and appropriated them and other property to
the us.e of the troops, and to this certainly there is
an objection. It is an old town, and the present
inhabitants paid money for the lots, on which at a
large expense they have erected these houses. It
was, therefore, their own properly, and the Gov-
ernment has taken possess-ion of it and made no
compensation whatever to them for it. And the
question now is, whether by a provision in this
bill we shall confirm this act of the military offi-
cers.
Again, after taking possession of the«e houses,
a farm was desired for the pasturage of the horses
of the troops, and they found that Mr. William
Meeks had a very good one for the purpose,- one
which he had purchased three years ago and paid
§3 00J f'>r, and whfch previous to his purchase had
been cultivated for seven years—and the officers
took possession of it,in utterdisregaid of the rights
of the owner, whom they turned out of possession.
The question is, whether such an act shall be con-
firmed and sanctioned by the amendment of the
Sen-uor from Mississippi. They also went up to
the Dalles, where the missionary station is, and
which is the point of the great fisheries on the Co-
lumbia, and reserved four miles square around the
mission, within which they even refuse to allow a
man to come and catch a fish. And the question
is, I repeat, whether such an act shall be legalized
and sanctioned by the adoption of the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi. Sir, 1 will not
vote for any piopositton to turn a settler out of his
house, or drive away any one from land in which
he was m possession before the troops arrived.
Wherever Ihe troops selected and reserved land
that was unoccupied, this bill as it stands fully
protects the rights of the United States. Wherever
it was occupied at the time, then the Government
should pay for it if they desire to secure it. Such
will be the effect of the bill if this amendment be
Denton. I thank the Senator from Mis-
sissippi lor causing the letter of the Secretary to
be read Astoria, then, it seems, is the point of
collision between the settlers on the Columbia and
the officers of the army of the United States As-
toria, which was settled - in the year 1811, forty
years ago save one. And these people, who have
been there for forty years, or their descendants or
the purchasers from them who have endured every
hardship and suffering which is incident to the
settlement of a new country at a distance of three
thousand mites from the country to which they
belong, are to be subjected to the arbitrary will of
a military officer, who may come to them and say:
Old settler, depart—we want your land; or, if
Latin was taught them at West Point, they mujht
perhaps use the language of the officers of An-
thony and Octavius Cseskr, in the Roman civil
wars, to tht. old settlers around Mantua: "Old
farmers, depart; the military wants this land,"
[laughter;] the forty years' labor you have spent
upon it has made it more convenient for our use;
theiefoie depart fiom it. That, sir, seems to be
the precise point here. Now, Astoria is not on
the sea shore; it is up the river, on the south side
of it, and it may or may not be that any military
station is necessary there. Forts are necessary on
the sea shore and along the entrance into the bay;
that we can all comprehend; but this is a point
pretty well up the river, and the great question in
the first place, I think, is, whether Astoria is
wanted for such a purpose? In the next place, it
is no question with me that if the United States
want it, they should pay the settlers fauly and
fully for it, and not take it frith the strong hand.
So also of other places up the river. From my
experience in regatd to it, it js an authority which,
if put in the hands of a military officer, will pro-
duce no little vexation. They are guided in their
action solely by what in their judgment is required
in a military point of view, and what they thus
do being under the authority of law, 1 know it is
hard work to get it undone again. It is haid work
to do it when it is close by, and it will be still
harder when it is three thousand miles off. So,
sir, the United Slates can afford to purchase any-
thing they need, or what they may desire, and I
dread to run the risk of giving to a military offi-
cer the right to oust these settlers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. One would sup-
pose, from the remarks of the Senator from Illi-
nois, that a Senator fiom Mississippi had offered
an amendment operating in a particular location
upon houses, farms, and pastures, and taking them
away from those to whom they belong, or that
they might be seized by military authority. Now,
sir, a Senator from Mississippi presented an amend-
ment which would give to the President of the
United States the power to reserve from the pub-
lic lands that we are giving away those that are
necessary for military purposes. That was all
a Senator from Mississippi proposed. And 1
should expect that the gentleman who is com-
manding on the Pacific coast, who was a lawyer
before he was a soldier—an eminent lawyer at the
bar, and still more eminent as a soldier in the field
—was a man upon whose judgment some reliance
mi^ht be placed, and cei tainly more capable of de-
ciding on the ground as to the rights of these par-
ties, and the requirements of the United States,
than any Senator here, acting with information
only as to one side of the question. And if that
officer's judgment should err, and he should vio-
late private rights in any particular, then the case
could be brought before the President, and if he
should notdojustice, then, when the final appeal
is made here, something of the spirit wnich is
now manifested to protect these frontier inhabit-
ants would come to their relief, and at last secure
to them their just rights. It is but a phantom of
the imagination. The officer would not crowd
himself mto a settlement a1? a matter of choice.
No officer who knows the interest of his garrison
would; ho would get away from them as far as he
could.
The Senator from Missouri says that to make a
reservation would be to exclude the settlers But,
let me ask, in a contest of this kind, who is it that
owns the land, the squatters or the United States?
It does seem to me strange ihat such an alarm
should he excited against allowing: an officer to re-
port to the President what reservations are re-
quired, and the President adopt such recommen-
dations, and if a wron? is done, to give full indem-
nity to the settlers. On the other hand, it seems
to 'me wrong that private claims should be laid
to all places absolutely necessary for military pur-
poses, and the United States placed in a predic-
ament where it will be necessary to pay such
claim, no matter how extravagant. The ctaim
will not be for the value of the land*or the im-
provements, but for the value of the point-as-a
military position ; and the claimant will grad-
uate the amount of his claim by the necessity for
its occupation as such. But the post should be
abandoned, the troops withdrawn; then, sir, all
around will come up a clamor, much louder than
the Senator from Illinois has yet heard, for that
protection which a garrison alone can afford.
Mr. DOWNS. The objections urged against
the amendment by the Senators from Illinois and"
Missouri are conclusive to my mind that it ought
not to be adoptoi. 1 will not vote to deny the
military authorities the usual power of making'se-
lections of these points, but I understand, from the
letter of the Secretary of War, that the question is
not whether the officers have a right to make res-
ervations of lands which have been unoccupied
heretofore, but whether they have a right to dis-
possess prpsenl occupants and take these lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It does not say
so.
Mr. DOWNS. The case referred to is the set-
tlement at Astoria, where, the Secretary says, a
collision has occurred, and which I understand is
the very case to which he desires to apply the au-
thority proposed to be given in this amendment.
i I will never consent to the establishment of a prin-
j ciple by which a military officer will have the right
to go into a new country, and turn off settlers from
lands on which they had been living for years,
merely because it is convenient for the United
States to occupy them. I will not sanction any
such principle, nor do I see that there is any abso-
lute necessity, from the nature of a military post,
that it should have any such reservation, it is not
required in the States; and whatever property may
be absolutely necessary for the purposes of a gar-
rison in a Territory where the land is occupied, we
can get a3 we do other property—by purchase.
As to the present commanding General, to whom
the Senator from Mississippi has alluded, 1 have
as much confidence in him as any other man can
have, arid he is from my own State, but I am in-
fluenced by the fact that it is not the actual com-
manding officer who makes these selections. So
far as half of the posts are concerned, his judg-
ment perhaps had nothing to do with their selec-
tion. But let me have the utmost confidence in hi.*
judgment, how lon«  will he remain there? He is
there to-day, and he may be ordered elsewhere
to-morrow. We must apply our legislation, not
to particular cases, but to general principles; and I
for one will neverconsgnt to allow a military officer
to go into a new settlement, where, under the pre-
emption rights which have become part of the set-
tled policy of the country, the man who has settled
and improved the land has a vested right of prop-
erty in it, and dis possess him of it. Therefore 1
cannot sanction or vote for this amendment.
Mr. BADGER. Really, the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Mississippi has been
invested with a character to which I do not think
it is jus'ly entitled.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The letter of the
Secretary shows that,
Mr. BADGER. Jt seems to be, on the contrary,
a very just and necessary provision. We, by this
bill, if I understand it, are givin^away these land.?;
the title is in us; the lands belong to us, or those
people who are now living upon them would have
no need of ourgrant to give it or the right of pos-
session and use to them This amendment pro-
poses that we shall au horizc the President of the
United States to select such sites as may be neces-
sary for the establishment of military posts, and
that they shall stand reserved out of the general
grant in the bill; and what objection can there he
to that ? Why, it issaid that there are persons set-
tled upon certain portions which may be deemed
desirable and necessary to be occupied by the Gov-
ernment for military purposes; and tt.e Senator
from Louisiana says that he never will give his
consent that the lands which are now thus occu-
pied and claimed, shall be taken by a military offi-
cer of the United States for these purpose. Now,
is that exactly a statement of what this amend-
ment proposes? Is not the phrase military officer
thrown in here in the maimer in which it is brought
in by my fiiend from Louisiana, ca'cu'ated t<>givea
wrong impression of the purpose «>f the amendment?
It is not to put the citizens under the fear of mili-
tary authority or control; it is to authorize the
