em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
•determined on its own intrinsic merits, and not in
connection with any other question, however im-
portant. If California is entitled to admission, it
is unjust to the people of that territory, and un-
wise as a principle of legislation, to make that ad-
mission depend upon the doubtful issue of any
other question. You have done injustice enough
to the territories already; you have refused to give
them governments of any kind; and when they
come here with governments formed by themselves
i you refuse to sanction them. Sir, upon the an-
/ nexation of New Mexico and California, it was
/ the imperative duty of Congress to extend the
/ blessings of government-to the people of those ter-
ritories within a reasonable time. No considera-
tions of policy could exonerate Congress from this
obligation. The highest trust that God commits
to man is that of government; and when he disre-
gards this trust, he sins against God's appointment,
and does grievous Wrong to those whom fortune
has made dependent upon him for government and
protection. Sir, you have done wrong, and griev-
ous wrong, to the people of the territories: you
j tore them from their own Government; you sev-
1 ered them from their own people; you annexed
them to your country; you made them a part
ot' your people—and all by force; and you re-
fused lo give them government of any kind, and
left them in a state of anarchy. You pouted out
blood and treasure to win these territories, and
when you acquired them you abandoned them.
Sir, Congress has consumed riWe time in talking,
quarrelling, and wrangling over these territorial
acquisitions, without doing anything for them,
than your army took to conquer Mexico, dismem-
ber that countiy, and annex the territories to the
United States. So far as my experience goes, I
can vouch for it that your soldiers perform their
duty much more promptly and efficiently than
your statesmen.
The people of the territories, it is true, have
formed governments for tlx mselves, and govern-
ments perhaps better adapted to their anomalous
condition than any rhnt could be fashioned for
them by the wisdom of Washington. And this
only proves, that, when their Government fails
to provide for any portion of the American peo-
ple, they are competent to provide for them-
selves. In my opinion, California has worked out
the most hope-giving problem of this age. It has
demonstrated the capacity of man for self-govern-
ment. The. mind of man can scarely conceive of
any condition in which human beings could he
placed, more unfavorable to the establishment of
order and government than that of California.
The people were an assemblage of every kindred,
tongue, and nation—tin own together promiscuous-
ly in a wild, distant, disert region of ihe world 
awav from all the restraints of civilization, and
engaged, not in the peaceful pursuits of agriculture,
but in wild adventure, and a reckless grappleffor
gold, "the root of all evil," and certainly the
cause of more than half the evils of civilized so-
ciety. Now, sir, I should like to know how the
experiment of leaving such a people, under such
circumstance'.', without any government, would
have worked in any other country m the world.
The rulers of Europe think it necessary to employ
armies of soldiers, and armies of policemen, and
dungeons, racks, and scaffolds, to keep their loyal
people m order and subjection. What would
such rulers have predicted of California? Why,
that it would prove to be an earthly topliet, a sort
of terrestrial pandemonium. But no such thing,
sir. To the honor of human nature, and to the
eternal honor of American character, that imbued
that society with American loyalty to law and
order, the people of California established a gov-
ernme; t, and that government, from the hour of
its establishment till this hour, has given more ef-
fectual protection to life and property and the pur-
suits of industry than any government of Europe
during the same period.
St, California furnishes the strongest demon-
stration of this age in favor of the inherent capaci-
ty of man for self-govei nment, when left to the free
exercise of his native faculties. And it is the
loudest condemnation of those systems of govern-
ment which first debase and brutalize man, and
then punish and oppress him because he is de-
based. Without the aid of law, or rather, by
virtue of a better law than ever was enacted by
Congress the law of truth and justice in their
own hearts the people of California organized
their society, framed a constitution, and established
a government, and they now present that consti-
tution for our acceptance; and, sir, if we have the
law of truth and justice in our hearts, we will re-
ceive this constitution at once, and welcome Cali-
fornia into the Union.
But, sir, it is said by some that California must
be remanded back to a territoria! condition; that
it must remain quietty in that condition until
Congress finds it convenient to give it a govern-
ment. Others say that California can have no gov-
ernment until Congress agrees upon some general
plan for the settlement of all our difficulties: first,
oar territorial difficulties—a government for Utah,
and another for New Mexico; secondly, the set-
tlement of the boundary between New Mexico and
Texas, and whether we are to have a slave State or
a free State carved out of Texas; and, finally, the
settlement of the question of slavery and the slave-
trade in the District of Columbia. Now, sir, my
opinion is, that if you keep California out of the
Union until you settle all these questions by satis-
factory adjustment, it needs a vast amount of
Christian patience, because, at the rate you dis-
patch business here, California may stand some
chance of admission at some indefinite time be-
tween now and the millennium. Sir, this is per-
fect mockery. It is to say substantially to the
people of California: " You must break up your
government, resolve yourselves again into a state
of anarchy, go back and live quietty and peace-
ably, and behave yourselves well, and neither rob
nor kill one another, if you can avoid it, until we
can settle all our difficulties, all questions cori-
necied with slavery, to the satisfaction of the
North and the South, and then we will extend
the blessing of government to you—we will give
you a government exactly suited to your condi-
tion." This, sir, 1 suppose, is Congressional
justice to California. I wish to say, most respect-
fully to my southern friends, that 1 cannot conceive
what advantage they txpect to derive from the
rejection of California, it puzzles me to divine
the secret of'southern policy on this point. Wheth-
er California is a .State or a Teintory, whether it
has any government or no government, no south-
ern slave-owner will ever venture to carry his
slaves to that country. Slavery can never be es-
tablished there. With law or without law, south-
ern men will never dare to carry their slaves there.
The people of California are woikmg out a great
social problem—a problem that has never yet been
worked out successfully anywhere else: and that
is, to make labor—hard tabor, dignified and re-
spectable. I trust in God they may succeed. But
do you think the people engaged m this work will
sutler themselves to be jostled by slaves? No,
sir; never. The sons ot southern planters, the
high-spirited sons of southern gentlemen, would
be tiie first to resist and resent such an experi-
ment. Sir, the whole united South dare not ven-
ture to carry slaves to California for the purpose
of establishing slavery there. In California, at
this moment, there aie one hundied and fifty thou-
sand men; not old men, women and children, but
young, active, dating, adventurous men—the
flower of the youth of our country—men such as
never settled a new countiy before. Before a year
rolls round, California will number half a million
ot the same scrt. It I searched this world tor an
army, 1 would take the men collected in Califor-
nia. I tell you, sir, the South, and the North,
and the whole country united can never force sla-
very on them. Napoleon trampled down Europe
with fewer men and worse material. Sir, they
are laying the foundation of a gieat empire on the
shore of the Pacific—a mighty empire—an empire
that at some future day will cairy your flag, your
commerce, your arts and your arms into Asia, and
through China, Hindootan, and Persia, into West-
ein I'-urope. ialk about carrying slavery there 
of imposing such a blight upon that people—of
withering their strength and paralyzing their ener-
gies by such tin institution ! No, Bir; such a
thing was never intended by God, and will never '
be permitted by men.
I am one of those who believe that the laws of
Mexico abolishing slavery, are still in force and
opeiauon m California and New Mexico. I un-
derstand the great principle of law to be this-
When one country conquers another, the political
laws,-that is, the laws prescribing the duty of the
subject or citizen to the Government, are abro-
gated. And why? Because the conquered Gov-
ernment goes out of existence, and the conquer-
ing Government takes its place; but municipal
laws—laws between man and man, made for the
protection of life and property—remain in force,
and must of necessity remain in force, for the
preservation of society, until modified or repealed
by positive enactment on the part of the conquer-
ing Government. Now, this is an old principle'
of law, a little older than modern civilization, yet
it has been as seriously questioned and denied on
this floor as if it had arisen for the first time on
the eonquest of Mexico. It is sometimes urged
here, that our Constitution carries slavery with it
wherever it goes, unless positively excluded by
law; in other words, that slavery is the normal
law of thia Republic. I think the principle is just
the reverse. Slavery, being in violation of natural
right, can only exist by positive enactment; and the
Constitution of this country only tolerates slavery
where it exists, but neither extends nor establishes
it anywhere. But, sir, I have heard it seriously
argued in this Senate, that the laws and edicts
abolishing slavery in Mexico were all irregular,
and therefore void; and that slavery was m full
foice in that country at the time of the annexation
of these territories. It is extremely hard to an-
'swer such an argument as this. This is emphati-
cally a chivalrous argument, which, though it
may not convince a man, is well calculated to
astound him. I will merely say that the poor
Mexicans made a great many honest and earnest
attempts to abolish slavery, and if they have failed
to accomplish that object, they have been very-
unfortunate m al) their efforts. I have no doubt
that th,e people of Mexico will be highly edified
when they learn that their old acquaintances, the
"Norte Americanos," about the time they discov-
ered the " El Dorado." in California, made an-
other discovei y, and that is, that their laws, edicts,
and constitution, to the contrary notwithstanding,
slavery was still in full force and operation m that
country, without the people themselves being
aware of the fact. I think when they hear this,
they will come to the conclusion that we are as
invincible in logic as we are in bcritie.
But, sir, I will drop this subject. ] care noE
: whether there is any Mexican law or American
j law there, or whether the Wilmot proviso or the
| Jefferson proviso ever be extended over (hose Serri-
I tories, slavery can never be established in Califor-
| nia or New Mexico. The climate, the soil, the
productions forbid it. In a word, the principle of
the Wilmot proviso is extended over the country
by the law of nature—by the law of God—as the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts [MhWec.
stek] emphatically expressed it. And were 1 per-
mitted to act upon my own judgment, I would leave
it under the operation of that law. Sir, you mio-ht
as well undertake to plant orange groves in Sibeua,
as establish slavery m California or New Mexico, j
I will now notice the question of boundary be-
tween New Mexico and Texas. 1 admire Texas
as highly as any man Fiving; I like the State and
jj the ppople; they fought gallantly and successfully,
^ and achieved their independence by a struggle as
l' glorious and extraordinary as any of the present
age. I will say, also, that we ought not to criti-
cise the claim of Texas too closely; that we ou<*ht
to be liberal to that young and gallant State. ° if
there be a doubt, it ought to be resolved in her fa-
vor. But, to my mind, there is no doubt in the
case. Texas has no right, claim, or title, to any
portion of New Mexico, either on this side or on
the other side of the Rio Grande. She never con-
quered it, never occupied it, never reduced it to
possession, and never exercised any authontv
over it. She has no more title to Santa Fc than
she has to San Francisco.—not a particle. That
country, and the whole of that country, was under
the law, jurisdiction, and authority of Mexico,
when it was wrested from that country by the
| arms of the United States. I care nothing about
; maps; I take facts, and these are the facts. 1 ven-
i ture to say, further, that in my opinion Texas
| never conquered all the country to the lower iiio
Grande. There is a portion of Coahuila, south of
New Mexico, on the Texas side of the Rio
Grande, which 1 scarcely think she ever con-
quered. At all events I can say, that when at one
time during the Mexican war, I was wandering
along the Rio Grande, I found Mexican towns
in the State of Coahuila, on the Texan side of the
river, living quietly ujider Mexican law and Mex-
ican authority; and if they had aver been con-
