1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
quered by Texas, it was wholly without their
knowledge, for they were living in the most happy
ignorance of such conquest. But while this is
my opinion, I am ready and willing to pay to
Texas, for such claim as she has, enough to wipe
out her whole State debt. That debt was con-
tracted in a noble cause—the struggle for liberty
—the war of her independence. The United States
have got the benefit of that struggle, by the an-
nexation of the country, and I hold that it is only
a generous duty, which the Government ought to
fulfil, to pay Texas a sufficient sum to wipe out
the whole of her State debt.
On the question of making a new State in Texas,
3 am prepared to say that T feel myself bound to
comply with every stipulation, condition, and obli-
gation of the resolutions of annexation. Whatever
the stipulations are, we are bound by them. This
nation is bound, by every principle of honor and
good faith, to fulfill its obligations with Texas. No
man can give any reason for the violation of these
stipulations that he cannot give for the violation of
every humnn obligation. 1 do not know, sir, the
opinion of my State on this subject, but f take it
for granted, that the State of Illinois will never
so Par forget her duty to this nation and her own
character, as to violate the plighted faith of this'
Government. I do not think there is a man in my
State who will not consider himself bound by the
engagements of his Government. The Mormons,
while they lived in that State, were accused of as-
suming that they had authority from God to vio-
late their engagements with men. But they have
left the State, and I do not think we have any po-
litical Mormons in Illinois now. But I rr^ust be
permitted to say, that I think Congress has no right
to take the initiative m this matter. I think there
is a wrong here; the initiative ought to be taken by
Texas. It is for her to take the preliminary steps,
designate the territory, and organize a new State,
and when that State asks for admission into the
Union, if it comes within the conditions of the
resolutions of annexation, it is the duty of Con-
gress to admit it. But I suppose the reason our
southern friends are so anxious to squeeze a State
out of Texas at this time is to bring a slave State
into the Union in conjunction with California, to
preserve the balance of power, to maintain the
equilibrium in the Senate. Now, sir, I think there
is one thing to which southern gentlemen must
make up their minds, and that is to submit to what
is inevitable. The whole world must submit to
what is inevitable, and the South must submit, to
it, like the rest of mankind. 1 tell you, sir, what
I think is inevitable—that the free States will out-
number the slave States, and that the power of the
free States will preponderate over the power of the
slave States. The South will Jose its relative power
in this nation. It is doing so every day; not by
the action of Government, but by the action of
irresistible laws—laws that control the moral, so-
cial,and political condition of man. You may as
well talk of equalizing the population as of equaliz-
ing the States. There is another thing the South
may as well understand, (I mention this as a pre-
diction,) and that is, that the people of the North
will never consent to see one foot of free soil con-
verted into slave soil, if they can prevent it by con-
stitutional resistance. 1 believe the North does not
contemplate any other mode of resistance. If free
territory be annexed, it must remain free, until
as a State it may choose to change its condition,
if slave territory be annexed, (Cuba for instance,)
let it remain slave territory until as a State it
chooses to change its condition. Sir, it seems to
me there is nothing unfair in all this; on the con-
trary, that it is just and equitable. No one, I
think, in this advanced age of the world should
attempt to convert a free man into a slave, or free
territory into slave territory.
Mr. President, I sincerely believe that if the
South had not assumed the extraordinary position
that slavery is the normal law of this country; that,
like the electric fluid, it pervades all space; that it
exists throughout this whole land, where not ex-
pressly excluded by law; that slaveholders can
carry their slaves like their horses to California
and New Mexico., by force and virtue of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and contrary to the
municipal laws of Mexico still in force there, the
terrible feeling awakened in the North on the sub-
ject of th§ Wilmot proviso, would never have found
such general expression in that portion of the
country. When southern men declare that slaves
are like horses, mere chatties; that they can bar'ry
them with them into California and New Mexico
by virtue of the Constitution; eftat the Constitution
protects the right of property in chattels, and con-
sequently in slaves, the northern feeling revolts
against such claim. And even the very best friends
of the South are compelled to reject such untenable
pretensions. Sir, I cannot believe that you south-
ern men [Mr. Clay in the chair] have absolute pro-
perty in your slaves. You have property in their
service, and that service is perpetual. Slavery is a
state of perpetual servitude, and you have a right to
employ all neccssary power over the man to enforce
such service. But you have no absolute property
in the man, in that mysterious being composed of
body and soul; you do not own him as you own your
horse, because no human law can give you such
property in him. Sir, slavery never was under-
stood in this sense in any country, neither amongst
the Romans, the Greeks, or even the Mahomme-
dans, and it is to be deeply regretted that such a
claim should be urged by Christians.
I have already said that the South may give up
all idea of an equilibrium. Here it never existed,
and never can exist. It is a most fanciful notion
at best—the mere dream of a political visionary.
You cannot balance political power; you cannot
weigh it m scales; you cannot regulate it by any
system of equipoises. The thing is simply im-
possible. Why,sir, South Carolina—a proud lit-
tle State, spirited and intelligent—has wielded more
political power in this Confederacy for several
years past, than some of the larger States of the
Union. The equilibrium has been often tried, but
has always failed. The Fiench tried it, as they
have trigd every kind of experiment. After their
first revolution they established a Government,
most fancifully constructed, upon an equilibrium
compounded of territory and population. It was
the delight of the enthusiasts of that age. No
liberal politician of that day seemed fully to ap-
preciate the absurdity of the experiment but Ed-
mund Burke; and that great English statesman, I
should say Irish statesman—but England appro-
priated him to herself, as she does all renowned
Irishmen—that great statesman, I mean to say,
ridiculed the whole scheme, pointed out its absur-
dity and impracticability, and predicted its speedy
destruction. And, sir, the prediction was soon
verified. The very first heave of the great politi-
cal mass, shattered the Government into a thou-
sand fragments, and buried its projectors under its
ruins. The experiment, therefore, wholly failed
in France. After the fall of Napoleon the Holy
Alliance tried a similar experiment, and if any
body of men ever possessed the power to carry
out such an experiment, the members of the Holy
Alliance did at that time. They settled the rela-
tive power and condition of the several States,
and established a great continental system, upon
what they called the equilibrium of Europe.
Sir, I should like to know what has become of
that system ? I should like to find out the state of
the equilibrium of Europe now ? Sir, in my opin-
ion, the Czar of Russia could throw the whole of
Europe at this moment, with the exception per-
haps of France and England, into one scale; and
he would only have to throw his sword into the
same scale, and. in twelve months Europe would
be Cossack, from the Bosphorus to the British
Channel. So the experiment of an equihbiium
has utterly failed in Europe. Sir, it never has
succeeded, and sever can succeed. The thing
is impossible and impracticable. You never can
maintain a permanent equilibrium between States,
or nations, or parts of nations. But I am wasting
time unnecessarily upon such a subject.
Now, sir, if all the dangers which the South
sees in the far distant future, were, at this moment,
present and pressing upon us, I would most re-
spectfully ask southern gentlemen to tell me what
remedy they would propose in such a case ? Say,
a dissolution of this Confederacy—the peaceable
separation of the States—an amicable destruction
of this Government? 1 would just as soon expect
to see a high spirited southern gentleman stand up
quietly to have the whip applied to his back, as to
see the people of this country sit down quietly,
and look tamely and unmoved on the destruction
of their Government- No, sir; the very attempt
would be war; the beginning of a war of which
none but God could foresee the end; a war of ex-
termination and desolation; a continuous, ceaseless!
perpetual war; a war to be transmitted from father
to son, from generation to generation, until you*
great Anglo-American racfc, now the pride, andi
boast, and glory of this continent, would become
a !>y-word, a scorn, and a Warning to the world.
The very energy of your race, that terrible enttgy
which is making you masters of this continent,
would be the motive power to accelerate its own
destruction—you would devour yourselves. But
does any sane man suppose that the great North-
west, with all us millions—that world that is
growing up between the headwaters of the Ohio
and the headwaters of the Missouri, between the
Alleghany and the Rocky Mountains—will ever
peaceably submit to see the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river in the possession of a foreign Govern-
ment? Never, sir, never. With that people it
would not be a question of reason; it would life
above all reason; it would be a question of neces-
sity and of existence; a thing Which they never
would quietly submit to. But there is no danger
of any thing of the kind. The people of the val-
ley of the Mississippi can never separate. They
may talk about it, and threaten it, but they never
will attempt anything so disastrous. They are
one people, tied together by the indissoluble bonds
of physical natuie. For weal or wo, for good
or evil, the whole people of the Mississippi \al-
ley must share the same fate and the same des-
tiny. And does any man suppose that this people,
occupying about one eighteenth of the habit-
able globe, will ever submit quietly and peaceably
to see the southeastern States establish a sepaiate
confederacy? The idea is preposterous—very
little short of insanity.
But suppose the Southern Confederacy was now
established—that it was quietly and peaceably es-
tablished this moment, what would be the actual
condition of that Confederacy ? it could not exist
a single day without a close and intimate connec-
tion with some great nation, having all the elements
of industrial, financial, and commercial power.
The South possesses none of these elements. It
has plenty of cotton, and it has brave men, and
lovely women, but it is wholly destitute ol all the
other material elements of national power. Every
man that knowsanything knows this. TheSouth-
ern Confederacy, therefore, would be compelled
by necessity to enter into a strict alliance with
some great nation—that nation would doubtless be
England. Now, Old England is not a whit more
partial to slavery than New England; and English-
men have a peculiar fondness f5r enforcing their
own views upon their loving allies. But, sir,
what would be the character of an alliance be-
tween such a nation and such a Confederacy ?
It would be supremacy on the one hand, and de-
pendence on the other: it would be the worst kind
of dependence, having all the disadvantages, and
none of the advantages, of colonial dependence.
In fact, the Southern"Confederacy would be a
meie colony of masters and slaves, to raise cotton
for the factories of England. Besides, sir, it is
my firm conviction that the institution of slavery,
as it now exists in the South, would not last, m
its present shape, for the Space of twenty years in
that Southern Corifedeiacy. The South might us
well attempt to shut out the piessure of the at-
mosphere, as to shut out the whole pressure of
the civilized world on its cherished institutions.
Another Chinese wall would not be sufficient to
protect the Confederacy from the influences of
Abolitionism flowing in upon it and invading it
fiom every quarter of the civilized woild. Sir, in
saying this, I nmy be permitted to add, that the
elfect of abolition at this tune in the South would
prove most disadvantageous to the slaves. I think
the negroes would be the principal sufferers by the
change.
1 listened the other day to the eloquent remarks
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
and I heartily concur with him in neaily all his
opinions and statements on this subject. All I
have seen, and heard, and read, convince me that
where there are two distinct races in the same
community, one inferior and the other superior,
like the negro and the white race, a state of mild
and gentle slavery is the safest and happiest con-
dition for the inferior race. Equality of lights and
equality in the hard struggle of life, result in the
insensible but certain extermination of the inferior
race. You may give the slave liberty if you please,
but that very liberty is his destruction, if you
emancipate the slaves and wish to save the npgro,
you must separate the races. God only knows
