1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1747
Mr. McLANE Now, let us bear in mind 
Mr. ROOT rose to a point of order, and said,
be understood'it to be the rule of the House, that
when a gentleman had made a speech upon a
question, he was not entitled to the floor so long
as other gentiemen who had not spoken desired
to address the House. The gentlemen from Mary-
land had made his speech yesterday.
Mr. McLANE, (interposing.) I call the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land will suspend until the gentleman from Ohio
has stated his point of order.
Mr. ROOT (continuing) repeated, that the gen-
tleman from Maryland had made his speech yes-
terday, and had concluded his remarks and moved
the previous question. The gentleman got the
floor this morning, and withdrew his call for the
previous question—all that was in order. But the
gentleman had gone on to say more upon the
same question, while other gentlemen, who had
not spoken, were seeking the floor. He insisted
that the gentleman was not again entitled to speak
until all who desired had spoken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Ohio, that what occurred with the
gentleman from Maryland, very frequently occurs
where a member gets the floor, and after making
remarks less than an hour, moves the previous
question, and subsequently, whether before the
House ad journs or when the question again comes
up after an adjournment is recognized, and with-
draws his demand l?)r the previous question. In
such cases the Chair uniformly rules that the gen-
tleman has a right to proceed until his hour is ex-
hausted.
Mr. ROOT. Then 1 understand this to be the
rule: A gentleman who gets the floor and proceeds
with his remarks for less than an hour, and yields
the floor, has the right, when the subject comes up
again, to be recognfzed by the Chair in preference
to any other member who has not spoken, and to
speak until his hour is exhausted.
The SPEAKER. A member who has moved
the previous question has the right to the floor be-
fore the motion is seconded, to withdraw his
motion, (no one else can have the*floor to speak;)
and having withdrawn the motion, he is entitled to
retain the floor and speak through his hour.
Mr. ROOT. 1 take an appeal from that decision
of the Chair.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. CLINGMA.N addressed the Speaker and
was recognized.
Mr. ROOT. I have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is not debatable.
Mr. ROOT. That is a decision, I suppose,
from which 1 cannot take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wobld state, that
where a member?in addressing the House, is called
to order, and an appeal is taken, gentlemen could
not go on and debate the appeal while the gentle-
man who was called to order is required to take
his seat until the question of order is decided.
When a member is called to order in debate, all
questions arising out of the point of order, whether
upon appeal or otherwise, must be decided without
debate.
Mr. ROOT. The question is as to the right
of the gentleman from Maryland to the floor,
not 
Mif. McCLERNAND. I call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. ROOT. I suppose I have a right to state
my point of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suppose the gentle-
man has no right to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Ohio is right, and that the point of
order being as to the right of the gentleman from
Maryland to the floor—and not that the gentle-
man's remarks are out of order—is debatable.
Mr. ROO 1\ I have a few remarks to submit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will suspend for one moment. [The Speaker re-
ferred to the rules.]
Upon an examination of the rules, (continued
the Speaker,) the Chair must adhere to his first
decision. This is a point of order arising from a
member while addressing the House being called
to order. The gentleman from Maryland was rec-
ognized, and was proceeding with his remarks;
he was called to order; and the question, whether
he shall be entitled to proceed or not, must be de-
termined by the House without debate.
Mr. ROOT. Will the Chair have the rule to
which he refers read?
The SPEAKER. It is the thirty-fifth rule:
"If any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress
the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, call to order: in which case, the member so called to
order shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to ex-
plain; and the House shall, if appealed to, decide on the
case, but without debate," &c.
The gentleman from Maryland (said the Speaker)
had proceeded with his remarks for some time, and
being called to order by the gentleman from Ohio,
the decision must be without debate.
Mr. ROOT. I do not want to be troublesome.
I want the House to understand the point I make.
I submit to the Chair that 
Mr. McLANE. I call the gentleman to order.
I cannot consent that any more of my time should
be consumed.
Mr. ROOT. I want to state my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his point of order.
Mr. ROOT. The point of order is, not that the
gentleman from Maryland is transgressing the
rule in any remarks he has made, if he has the
right to speak at all, I conceive there is nothing in
his remarks which violates the rules. The ques-
tion is as to his right to the floor. That is the
point of order \ make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overruled the
point of order, and has stated his reasons. The
gentleman from Ohio has taken an appeal. The
question is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House?
Mr. ROOT. I call for tellers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
he informed upon one point. Does the gentleman
from Ohio claim that the gentleman from Mary-
land has no right to speak, and that he is? Is the
gentleman from Ohio a contestant for the floor?
Mr. ROOT. I will answer, if it is permitted.
The SPEAKER. These remarks are not in
order, but the Chair will indulge them, if no ob-
jection is made.
Mr. McCLERNAND. r I object.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move'to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. BURT. I desire to know the facts. The
facts, as I understand them, are, that the gentle-
man from Maryland yesterday moved the previous
question; he rose this morning, and was recog-
nized by the Chair. Am 1 correct as to that?
The SPEAKER nodded assent.
Mr. BURT. The gentleman then withdrew his
demand for the previous question. That undoubt-
edly left him upon the floor. But I think my
friend from Maryland has acted wisely in deter-
mining not to speak.
The question being upon Mr. Stanton's motion
to lay the appeal on the table, was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. McLANE resumed the floor. I have (said he)
no further remark whatever to make upon the bill.
I now beg leave to renew the previous question.
Mr. ROOT. The question upon seconding the
demand for the previuus question, was yesterday
ordered to be taken by tellers. I suppose that
osder will stand, unless this is a new question.
Several Voices. This is a new question.
Mr. ROOT. I ask, then, for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Root,and Mr.
Harris of Illinois, were appointed.
The question upon seconding the demand for
the previous question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported, ayes 99, noes 90.
So there was a second.
The question being, Shall the main question be
now put?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. BURT, Mr. CABLE,and others addressed
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman will be recog-
nized until order is restored in the Hall.
A pause ensued.
The SPEAKER recognized Mr. Burt.
Mr. BURT. I believe the motion to commit
the bill is the first question, if the vote be taken ?
The SPEAKER. If the main question be or-
dered to be now put, the first vote will be on the
motion to commit.
Mr, SCH12NCK said, that desiring to have it
appear that he was not one of those who were
forcing this bill to a vote, and thus smothering
every fair effort to amend or modify and make it
better and more acceptable, he would ask for the
yeas and nays on the question, "Shall the main
question be now put?"
The SPEAKER said, the yeasand nays, had al-
ready been demanded, and propounded the ques-
tion upon ordering them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. WiH it be in order to
move to lay the bill with the pending amendments
upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. CABLE. Then I make the motion.
Mr. EWiNG demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Does the motion which has
been made carry the whole question with it?
The SPEAKER replied affirmatively.
The question was then stated to be on the mo-
tion that the bill be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER said, the confusion in the Hall
was so great it was impossibe for the business of
the House to proceed. And gentlemen wer<e
causing great delay in the transaction of the pub-
lic business by the constant disorder which per-
vaded the Hall.
After a considerable pause,
The question, " Shall the bill and amendments
be laid upon the table?" was taken, and resulted—
yeas 30, nays 169; as follow;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Baker, Bennett, Booth, Bowdon,
Burt, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Clarke, Colcock, Cole, Doty,
Durkee, Giddimra, Harlan, Holmes, Howe, Inge, Julian,
Preston lima, Maiteson, McQueen, Old:*, Orr, Root, Sack-
ett, Schoolcraft, Thaddeus Stevens, Wallace, and Wood-
ward-aHO.
NAYS—Messrs. Alber*ton, Alexander, Alston, Anderson,
Andiews, Abhe, Averett, Bav, Ba>ly, Beale, Bingham, Bo-
k«'e, Bowlin, Bovd, Breck, Briggs Brooks?, W.J. Brown,
Buel, Burrow?*, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C.
Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Carttei, Casey, Chand-
ler, Chmrman, W. R W. Cobb, Conger, Convin, Crowell,
Deberry,~Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Dunham,
Edmund-on, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Ewing, Featherston,
Fifoh, Fowler, Freedlev, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore,
Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway,
Hammond, Haral&on, {sham G. Harris, §. W. Ham*, Tiios.
L. Harris, Haymond, Henry, Htotetrd, Hilliard, Hoagland,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Hunter, Joseph W.
Jackson, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, Geo.
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, La S^re, Leffier,
Levin, Liltlefield, Horace Mann. Job Mann, Marshall, Ma-
son, McCJernand, McDonald, McDowell, McGauchev, Mc-
Ki$v oek, Robert M. McLane, FinisE. McLean,McMullen,
McWillie, Meacham, Meade, Millson, Moore, Morehead,
Morris, Morse, Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Ous, Outlaw,
Own, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman,
Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Robbins,
Ribin'on, Rockwell, Ro*e, Ross, Rumsey, Savage, Saw-
telle, Schenck,Sehermerhorn,Seddon, Shepperd,Silvester,
Spaulding, Spiague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor,Thomas, Ja-
cob Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman, Toombs,
Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Walking Wellborn, Wentworth, White, Whittle-
sey, Witdrick, Williams, Wilson, and Young—169.
So the bill and amendments were not laid upon
the table.
The question then recurred on ordering the main
question to be taken.
Mr. BAYLY, (to the Speaker.) In order that
the matter may be properly understood «^y the
House, I desire to inquire of the Chair whether,
if the previous question is not sustained, the bill
will not so over?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
already been seconded.
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, sir—1 mean if the House
should refuse to order the main question to be put.
The SPEAKER. If the House should now
refuse to order the main question to be taken, the
subject will go over one day, and to-morrow the
question will recur " Shall the main question be
now put'"
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to inquire
whether, in the event of tne House refusing to
order the mam question to be taken, that question
would not come up from day to day ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (to the Speaker.) If the
mairt question should now be ordered, will not the
House proceed"to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table >
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could not know
what business the House would proceed with.
Mr. GIDDINGS suggested that the California,
bill would come up in order.
