1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 8, 1850.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON said he hoped the motion would
not be agreed to. He held in his hand a resolu-
tion which he was exceedingly desirous to present
for the immediate consideration of the House.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, suggested
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to
withdraw his motion for a moment, to enable him
(Mr. T.) to report a bill, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, providing for taking the next census
Mr. BAYLY assented.
So the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, by unanimous consent of the House,
reported a bill providing for taking the seventh
census, or enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United Slates.
The bill having been read twice by its title,
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, it was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON th^n desired to move that
the bill be made the special order of the day for
Thursday next.
The SPEAKER said, that the unanimous con-
sent of the House, or that not being obtained, a
suspension of the rules would be requisite to
enable the gentleman to submit the motion.
Objection was made.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of enabling
him to submit his motion.
But afier a brief conversation with the Speaker,
Mr. T. said he would so modify his motion as
to provide that the bill should be made the special
order of the day for Thursday next, and from
day to day thereafter until it shall have been finally
disposed of.
The question, " Shall the rules of the House be
suspended r" was then taken and decided m the
affirmative, (two-thirds voting in .favor thereof.)
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. THOMPSON then submitted his motion,
which was agreed to without a division.
So the census bill was made the special order of
the day for Thursday next, and from day to day
thereafter until it shall have been finally disposed
of.
THE SEARCH FOR SIR JOHN FRANKLIN.
Mr. VINTON rose and (very imperfectly heard
from his distant place) was understood to say, that
on Saturday last he had received from the city of
New York a memorial praying the aid of Con-
gress in the expedition now fitting out from that
city, to go in search of Sir John Franklin, by
allowing certain seamen—-some thirty in number—
to he transferred from the navy of the United States
to that expedition. If anything was done in the
matter, it should be done immediately. Every
gentleman was aware of the interest which had
been felt throughout the civilized world m the fate
of Sir John Franklin and his companions. He
(Mr. V.) had diawn up a joint resolution, and he
would now move that the rules of the House be
suspended for the purpose of enabling him to in-
troduce it at this time.
The resolution was then read by its title, as a
resolution " to aid in the search for Sir John
Franklin and his companions."
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the resolution.
And it was read through. _
Mr. JONES. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules. Whether Sir
John Franklin be alive or dead, I, for one, will
not send after him. If Q.ueen Victoria wants to
hunt after her lost nobles, let her fit out expeditions
herself. . , ,
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
Mr CARTTER said, he desired to pat a ques-
tion to the mover of this resolution.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could ask
the question only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to ask the question
with a view to the regulation of my vote.
The SPEAKER. No conversation is in order
at this time.
Mr. CARTTER. It is competent for me, I
believe, to make an inquiry of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The Speaker cannot say,
until he knows what the inquiry is.
Mr. CARTTER. The point upon which I de-
sire to be informed is this—does this resolution
involveanything more than what appears upon the
face of it? I should like to know whether the res-
olution involves an appropriation of money ? for
my vote will be regulated by that fact.
The SPEAKER. The inquiry is not in order.
Mr. VINTON desired the consent of the House
to reply to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr Cartter]
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman could re-
spond only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
demand of Mr. Jones for the yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Vinton to suspend the rules
for the purpose of enabling; him to introduce the
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired, he said, to ask
a question either of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton,] or of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER ^ said, no inquiries were in
order except by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to say,
that he understood that Sir John Franklin had
been found.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair must rule all
these inquiries and remarks irregular and out of
order.
Mr. McMULLEN desired to be informed by
the Speaker, whether it would be in order for him
to move that the resolution be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER said, such a motion could not
be entertained. The resolution was not yet before
the House, and the pending question was on the
motion to suspend the rules for the purpose of
enabling the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
to introduce it.
And the quest ion, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 107, nays 55, as follows:
YEAS—Mf ssr«. Alston, Andprson, Andrew*., A=he, Beale,
Booth, Bowie, Brock, Brians, BuoJ, Burrows,, Thomas Bv
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cciruer, Ca-
•sey, Clark, Cleveland, Ciingniai), Conner, Coi win, Crowell,
Deberry. Dickey, Dimmick, Di«ney, Doty, Durkee, Fowler,
Gentry, Giddmiis, Goodenow, Gou, Grmnell, H.trian, Hay-
mond, Henrv, Hiiltard, Hoagland, Houston, Howp, Inye,
WVIiam T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, Julian, George G.
King, James G. King, John A. Kinp, Loftier, Job Mann,
Mason, M.ttfeson, McDonald, McKi«sock, McLnr.ahan,
Meacham, Moore, Morohfjad, Morris, Morse, Nelson, Oirlo,
Otis, Peek, Potter, Putnam, R«'od, Reynold?, Rockwell,
Root, Roso, Ruinsey, Sackett, Sawtolle, Scln nck, Scher-
i merhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Shppperd, Silvester, Spaul-
dmjz, Spragne, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Slantori,
Alexander If. Stoplx>n«, ThaddoiH Stevens, Taylor, James
Thompson, John B Thompson, William Thompson, Thur-
man, Tooml> , Venahle, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Watkins^,
Wellb rn, Wentworrh, White, Williams, Wilmot, Wilson,
Wmthrop, and Wood—107.
NAYS—MfePfr=. Albeitt-on, Averpft, Bay, Bayly, Bissell,
Bocock. Bokee, Bow don, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
William J. iirown, Joseph Cable, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Dunham, Fcafhci^t:>n, Gerry, Gorman, Grffti, Hall, Ham-
ilton, Haralson, Nham G. Ilarri-, Samp>on W. Hairi«, ' hos.
L. Hams, Howard, Hubbard, .lames Jack-on, Andiew
Johnson. Robot W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Pie>ton
Kini?, La Sere, Littlefieid, McClernand, MeDovveM, Mc-
Mullen, McQueen, Miller. Orr, Paiket, Pea^lee, Phelps,
Powell, Richaidson, Rohm-on, Ro<-s, Savaue. St-t-on,
Sweeter, Thomas, Jacob Thompson. Wallace, Whittlesey,
and Young—53.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
'And the resolution was not introduced.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, hoped that
the gentleman would withdraw that motion for a
moment, to enable him (Mr. T.) to present and have
referred certain joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] withdraw his motion?
Mr. BAYLY assented.
So the motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was withdrawn.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, addressed
the Chair.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for tfaie wd«F of
the day.
Mr. THOMPSON claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said that if the regular order of
business was insisted upon, the Speaker must
proceed tocall the States in tbeir order for petitions,
unless the gentleman from Mississippi, (Mr.
Thompson,] should move a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of enabling him to present the res- 
olutions he had indicated. A call for the order of
the day, amounted to an objection to any other
business, except that which was regularly in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to present these
resolutions, and I do not think that the gentlcma*)
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] will object when
he knows what they are.
THE JLATE WAR WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to present certain
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, in favor of a grant of bounty-lands to the
soldiers of the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
Mr. T. desired to move that the resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and that they be printed.
THE OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. THOMPSON also asked th-e unanimous
consent of the House to introduce certain resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Missisippi,
in favor of a grant of land to aid in the construction
of the Ohio railroad.
Mr T. desired to move that the resolutions be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
that they be printed.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
Mr. WENT WORTH, with a remark not heard,
persisted in the demand for the older of the day.
So neither of the two sets of resolutions offered
by Mr. Thompson were received.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, requested
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. BAYLY declined again to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. CASEY called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, which were refused.
And the question, "Will the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union v^as then taken, and tire vote was declared
to be ayes 73, noes 62.
Tellers were called for and appointed, Messrs.
King, of Rhode island, and Venable, of North
Ca rohna.
And the question was again taken and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 85, noes 67.
So the motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA.
Whereupon, the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Bojd, of Kentucky, m the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the California question.
Mr. WALLACE addiessed the committee upon
the slavery question. He reviewed the history of
the action of the northern people and Stales upon
the subject of slavery, especially during the last
Presidential canvass and the last few years, detail-
ing the wrongs and aggressions inflicted upon the
constitutional rights of the South, and denouncing
the doctrine of non-exttnsicn—upon which he con-
sidered the entire North—Democrats, Whigs, Abo-
1 monism, and FieeSoilers united—as but the means
by which the ultimate abolition of slavery in the
States was to he accomplished—quoting m pioof
of su';h a design from the speeches of Messrs.
Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Man**?. He aigued
that the design of the North was to continue and in-
ciease its preponderance of power in the General
Government in order to crush the South. If the
doctrine of non-extension were carried out, he com-
puted that the free States might eventually number
some forty-six, and the slave States not more than
eighteen. He opposed the admission of California
at the present time. He despaired of piotection tor
southern lights by the constitutional veu>—a Pi evi-
dent having been elected, who in advance had re-
pudiated the exercise of that power—-and m case
the North persisted in their assaults upon the integ-
