1748 _  
The SPEAKER. If the House should pro-
ceed with the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, that bill .vili come up.
Mr. WENT WORTH, (to the Speaker.) If
the House should refuse to second the demand
for the previous question, will it not be m order
to reconsider the vote ordering the previous ques-
tion ? > . ,
The SPEAKER. The House has already sec-
onded the demand for the previous question
Mr. WENT WORTH. Well, if the House
should refuse to order the main question, will it
not then be in order to move a reconsideration of
the vote just taken ?
The SPEAKER. No matter how the House
may dispose of the question—whether it decides
that the main question shpll or shall not be taken,
the motion to reconsider will be in order and can
be made by any gentleman who voted with the
majority , , . . ■
Mr. WENTWORTH expressed his desire to
see the bill amended, and with that view, to have
a reconsideration of the action which had been
"m"! JONES,, (to the Speaker.) If the House
should now refuse to order the main question to
be put, will not the House, inasmuch as this bill
has been made the special order of the day, go on
with its consideration—the second for the pre-
vious question going for nothing ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Some tune elapsed in the effort of the Speaker
to restore order.
The question, "Shall the main question be now
taken r" was then put, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 133, nays 68, as follow:
YEAS—Mes,rs. Aibeitson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, Averctt, Bay, Bayly, Brule, Bokee, Bowdon; Bmv-
llll, Bovil, Bretk, Briaas, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Y\ il-
ha'n J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler, 1 llolnas
B. Butlei, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph I.
Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, Clingman, Williamson It. W.
Coltb, Ooicork, Congei, Daniel, Deberry, Diiumtck, Oupr,
Dunham, EdnmmUon, Eliot, Evving, FeaHiersion, Fuller,
Gentiy, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, G«een,Hall, Hammond,
Haralson, Miam G. Hams, Sampson W. Hams, niomius
L. Hams, Hawnond, Hibbard, Ilillard, Xloajjland, Holladay,
Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew .lonnson, JamtsL. John-on, Robert W. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sfcre, L* filer, Levin, L«ul<-fidd,
Job Mann, Marshall, Ma<on, McUlernand, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McGanghey,Robert M. McLane, Finis E McLean,
McMullen, McWiIhe, Meacham, Milton, Morehead,
M<>ne, Morton, N< Ison, Orr, Outlaw, Owen, I ajkr'r,
lee, Phelns, Phceniv, Pitman, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Rieh-
artUon, Robbins, Robm-^on, Rose, llo&s, Savage, bedrton,
tfheppeid, Siardy, Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard H. btan-
ton. Strong, SweeUer, Thomas, Jacob fhoinpson, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thunnan, loomb^ Van
D.ke, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Walking Wellborn,
Whittlesey, Wildnck, Williams, Wilson, •Woodward, and
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Baker, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Booth, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Clarkp, Cole,
Corwin, Crowell, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,
Durkee. Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Giddmgs, Gott,
Gould, Grinneli, Halioway, Hailan, Henrv, Howe, Hunter,
William T. Jackson, Julian, Geoige G. King, James G.
Kin" lohn 'K. King, Preston Kins, Horace Mann, Matte^on,
McKissock, McQueen, Meade, Morris, Newell, Ogle, Olds,
On<  Peck, Reynold-?, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, teackett,
Sawtclle, Schenck, Selu'rmerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Snra<'iie, Thaiideus Stevens, Stetson, Tavior, I uck, under-
bill, Vinton, Wallace, Wentworth, and White-—63.
So the House decided that the main question
should*now he taken." .
Mr. GORMAN moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The main question is first
on referring the bill and amendments to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordering: them to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 99; as follow:
YE^S—Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Ashe, Avprett, Baker,
Bennett, Bincham, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Bur-
rows, Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Ca i p-
be'l Chandler, Clarke, Coleock, Cole, Conger, Ooiwin,
Crowell, Daniel, Di&ney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,
Edmnndson, Nathan Evans, Feathciston, Fitch, Fowler,
Giddmg', Gott, Gould, Halioway, Haral-on, Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harris, Flebatd, Henry, Holl -day, Howe, Hubbard,
Hunter Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T J.tck^on.
Julian,'George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
Preston King, La Sere, Horace M.inri,Matte<on,MeKi-sock,
McUueen, McWdlie, Meade, Mill&on, Moore, Morris,
Moise, Newell, Ogle, Orr, Otis. Peck, Phelps, Powell, Put-
nam Reed. Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sickett, Sawtelle,
Sehe'nck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester,
SDrague Thaddcus Stevens, Stolon, Sweetser, Taylor,
Tuck, [Jnderhill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Walden,
Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth, White, and Woodward—101.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 4,
NAYS—Messrs. Atbertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay B,iv1v, Beale, Bokee, Bnwhn, Boyd, Breck, BrigRs,
Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Chester Butler, E. C.
Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey,
Ctmainan, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dimmick,
Due?, Dunham, Eliot, Rwing, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry,
Gerry Gilmoie, Gorman, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Hammond,
Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard,
Hilliard, Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
Kerr Leffler, Levin, Littleficld, Job Mann, Marshall, Ma-
son ' MeUlernand, McDona'd, McDowell, McCanghey,
Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Meaeli-
ain Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
Peaslee, Phoenix, Pitman, Reynolds, Richardson, Robbing
Robinson, Rose, Ross, Savage, Shepperd, Stanly, Freiie^f
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Strong, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,I J. "i
man,Toombs, Watkins. Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildricl,,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—99.
So the bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed. .
Mr DUER. I move that the House resolve jt-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. ■ , , „
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table. ,
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 wish to make a motion, but before I
do so, I want to know if there is any mode in
which we can get rid of the previous question,
which has been brought upon us by the misman-
age ment of those who are in favor of the bill.
"Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I call the gen-
tleman to order. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] states that he has risen to a
privileged motion. The gentleman will state iu
Mr. WENTWORTH. Before making this
motion, I believe I have the right to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. I would move a reconsider-
ation of the vote, and I would move it in good
faith, too, if I thought we could get back to a
point at which we can amend the bill.
The SPEAKER. The House cannot reach the
point indicated by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentworth,] because the House has al-
ready-laid upon the table a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the main question had been or-
dered, and if a motion were made to reconsider
the vote just taken, the question would immedi-
ately l-ecur on the motion to commit. Does the
gentleman submit any motion ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask another
question. .
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I rise to a point
of order
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
point of order.
Mr. McLANE. My point of order is, that the
gentleman is making inquiries foreign to the ques-
tion before the House.
Great confusion m the Hall, and a long pause m j
the proceedings. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentworth] rose and said, that he had
risen to a privileged question. The gentleman
must state what his motion is.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill and amend-
ments have been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
that motion ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to know whether
I can ask a respectful question of ihe Chair?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make an
inquiry of the Chair, if no objections should be
made. The gentleman is aware that unanimous
consent will be required.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I merely a«k for my-
self and others.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made* and the
inquiry is not in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman as not making his motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH assented.
Mr. SCHENCIC renewed the motion indicated
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Went-
worth,] for the purpose (Mr. S. said) of submit-
ting a few remarks.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that re-
marks were not in order, as the previous question
was still in operation.
Mr. SCHENCK "submitted that the previous
question was exhausted, with the motion to com-
m The SPEAKER explained that it was not.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
SCHENCK and the Speaker, of which the re-
porter heard nothing.
Mr. SCHENCK did not insist on his motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the ma-
rion of the gentleman from New York [Mr DuerJ
that the House resolve itself in Committee of the
Whole^on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGE suggested to the ' Speaker that
the question was on the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill had been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
The SPEAKER. Theie is no such motion
pending. „ , .
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Speaker.) Is it
in order to move that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of the business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WALDEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ROOT. I move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table. _
A number of members on both sides of the
House asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered. ••
There was great confusion m the Hall.
Mr. McCLERNAND submitted to the Speaker
that the queslion was not understood.
The SPEAKER explained, that the question
was on the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill and amend-
ments had been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of the Union.
And the question having; being taken, the vote
was declared to be, yeas 1U3, nays 102.
The SPEA.KER. The Chair votes in the neg-
And the vote then stood yeas 103, nays 103, a®
YEAS Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Ashe, Averett, Baker,
Ben-nett, Biiwham, Booth, Bowtloi., A. G. Brown, Burrows,
Burt T B. Butler, Joseph (J.ible, Calvin, Campbell, Cnana-
ler, Clarke,Ooicork, Cole, Conger,Corwin Crowell, Daniel,
    _ . UOIC, VVHSCIJVUI   7
Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,Edmu dsony
Nathan Evans, Feath.-rston, Filcli, t'™vler>^/
dinss.Gou,Gould, HaHoway, Harlan, to. VV. Harris, Hebaid,
Henry, Holladay,-Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge,
William T. Jackson, Julian, Georae G. King, Jan'®*
King, John A. Kma, Preston King, La Siire, IHorace Mann,
Mason, Matteson, MrKiasock, McQueen, McWillie, Meade,
Millson, Moore, Morris, Morse, Ne 'ell, Ogle, Olds, Orr,
Otis Peek, Phelps. Powell, Putnam, Reed, Koekwell, Root,
Kumsey, Saeketl, Sawtelle, Bchenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Richard H. blatl-
ton, Thaddeus Stevens. Stetson, Sweetser, 1
Underbill, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace,
White, and Woodward—103. ,
N*YS—Messrs. Albeitson, Alston, Anderson, Andrew?,
Bav* Bayly, Beah-. Bokee, Bowie, Bowlm, Boyd, Breck,
Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Chester Butler,
E. u! Cabell. Ceoige A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cait-
£r Casey, Chngman, W. R. W. Cobl), Deberry, Diiii.niek,
Duel Dunham, Eliot, Ewuig, Fuller, Gentry, Oerry Gil
Sore; Gorman, Green, Grinned, Hall, Hammond, t^ra^.n,
Miam G. Harri-, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard,
Milliard, Hoacland. Houston, Howard, Inge, Joseph VV.
Jackson, Andtew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, Leffler, Kevin, Littlefield,
Job Mann, Marshall, MeClernand, McDonald, McDowell,
McGaughev, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. MeLeaii, Mo-
Mullen, M'eaeliam, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, °u'u"'>
Owen, Parker, P< aslee, Phoenix, Pitman, Reynolds, Rlcll-
artl-on Robbm*, Robinson, Rose, Ross, bavage, ^bepperd,
ItanTv Frederick P Stanton, Strong, Jacob Thompson,
J lines Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thuriiiali, Toombs,
Walden, Watkms, Wellborn, Wentworih, Whittlesey,
Wildnck, Williams, Wilson, and "ioung—JUa.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative, and the
j vote then stood—yeas 103, nays 103.
j So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
^The question then recurred, " Shall the vote by
which the bill and amendments were referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union" be reconsidered ?
Mr ROOT and Mr. PARKER asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question upon the motion to reconsider was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 104,
navs 98; as follow:
YEAS—Me^rs. Albeitson, Alston, Anderson, Bay, Itav-
ly Roale. Bokep, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck, iiriggs,
Brooks, William J Brown, Buel, Chester Butler, C Cab
ell, Georae A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey, Cling-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Deberry, l)immick, Dner,
Dunham, Eliot, Ewlng, Fuller, Gentiy, Gerry, Gilmore,
