1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL .' GLOBE.
Sept. 4,
McDonald, McDowell, McKissock, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Morehrad, Morton, Nelson,
Outlaw, Parker, I'easlee, Phcenix, Pitmnn, Reed, K":"'1"1;
son, Bobbins, Rose, Savage, 8h«pperd, Strnn?, J
Thompson, John B.Thompson.Thurman, Van Dyke, vval-
den, Wellborn, Williams, and Young—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Albortson, Alexander, Allfn, Alston,
Ashe, Aveiett, Baker, Bay, Bavly, Bennett, Bingham, Booih,
Bowdon. Brooks, AlbertG. Brown, Burt, I liomas B. But er,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cl ev. Chandler,
Clarke, Cl.nB an, W. R. W. Cobb, Co cock. Cole, Conger,
Corwin, Crowell, Daniel. Deberry, D.ckey, Di.uey, Dixon
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Edmundson, Eliot, *athan Evai.s,
Feilheibton,Fitch, Fowler,Freedley,Girlding-,Gott,(,ould,
Green, Grinnell, Halloway, Harlan, Samp-on W. Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Hobar-l, Henry, Holladay, Holmes,
Howard, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jack-
son William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Julian,Kaufman, George G. King, James G King,
John A. Kine, Preston King, La Sfere, Levin, Horace Mann,
Matte&on, McGausliev, Mt&ueen, Mc^de, Mill-on, Mooie,
Morris Morse, Newel), Ogle, Olds, Orr, Ous, Pock, Phelps,
Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reynold*, Kockwell, Root, Ross.
JRmnsey, Sawtelle, Schenek. Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Stridor, Silvester, Spraeue, Stanly, Frederick P Stanton,
Richard ti. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Underbill,Viable, Vin-
ton, Waldo, Wallace, Walking Wentworili, White, Whit-
tlesey, Wildrirk, Wilson, and Woodward—128.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the last amendment was rejected-
Mr. CARTTER withdrew the motion to recon-
sider. ,
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed,
Mr." WOODWARD and several others asked
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House ad journ.
Repctcd.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed—
Loud calls for the question.
The SPEAKER. The roll will be called upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
rending.
The question was taken,and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 80, nays 326; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, Andrews, Bay,
Bokee, Bowie, Breck, Briges, Btooks, William J. Brown,
Buel, Chester Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cas«y, Chandler,
W. It. W. Cobb. Deberry, Dimmick,Disnev, Duer, Dunham,
Eliot, Ewinc, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry. Goiman, Gould. Gun-
nell, Hall, Thomas L. Hhrris, Haymond, Hihhard. Tlilliard,
Hoaglar.d, Houston, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, James G. King, Leffler, Le\ n,Lit-
tletield, Joh Mann, MoClernand, McDowell, MeKt^ock,
"Robert M. MeLane, McMullen, Mooie, Morehead, Morton,
Offl<\ Outlaw, Parkei, Peaslee, Phcenix:, Pitman, Rohbins,
Robinson, Rose, Schonck,Sheppeid.Stanly, Strons, Ta\lor,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thnrman, [Jndr rhill,
Van Dvke, Vinton, Walden, Watkins, White, Wildnck,
Williams, WiKon, and Yonhg—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, A*he, Averett,
Baker. Bayly, Beale. Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Qowdon,
Bowhn, Bovd, A. G. Brown, Bui rows, Burt, T. B. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, J. Cable, G. A. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Carter, Clnrke, Clingman, Colcock, Cole. Conger, Corwjn,
Crowell, Daniel, Dickev, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dmkee,
Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Featherstoj?, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedlev, Giddings, Gilmore, Gott, Green, Halloway, Ham-
mond, HaraUon," Harlan, Fsham G. Harris Sampan W.
IlariH, Hebard, Hemy, Holladav, Holmes, Howard. Howe,
Hubbard, Hunter, Inse, Joseph W. Jackson, William T.
Jackson, Robert W. Johnson. Julian, George G Kmc, John
A Kin", Preston Kmc, La Sere. Ho,ace Mann. Maishall,
Ma«on,Matte«on, McDonald,McGau«hey, Fim««E McLean,
McQueen, McWilhe, Meacham, Meade, Million, Morn*,
Morse, N lson. Newell, Olds, Oir, Oti=, Owen. Peck,
Phelps Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed, Reynold", Richard-
son, Rockwell, Root, Ros*, Kum«ey, Saekott, Savajje,
Sawtelle, Schennerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sedrion, Silvester,
Spraane, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus'Stevens, Stetson, Sweeter, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Toombs, Tuck, Venable, Waldo, Wallave, Wellborn,
Wcntworth, Whittlesey, and Woodward—1Q8.
So the House refused to order the bill to be en-
Mr. DUER. Has the motion to reconsider
been made?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
has been made by the gentleman from Kentucky-,
and the motion now is that the House adjourn.
The question was taken upon Mr. Burt's de-
mand for the yeas and nays, and they were not
ordered.
Mr. BOYD called for tellers upon the motion to
adjourn.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Harris, of
Illinois, and Baker were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 126, noes not counted.
Ths House accordingly adjourned.
MEMORIALS.
The following memorials were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
Bv Mr. DOTY: A memorial from Daniel Wells, Sexton
& Wing. James B. fltoitm, and other citizensufMilwAukie,
praying the parage of such la\v& as may be necessary for
thehetier security of the lives of passengers on board steam
vessf W on the Lakes.
Also, a similar memoiial fiom Julius White, A. G. Burley,
James H. Collins, and other citizens of Chicago.
IN, SENATE.
Wednesday, September 4, 1850.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the bill to sup-
, press the ?lave trade in the District of Columbia
| was postponed and made the special order of the
! day for Tuesday next at one o'clock. He sub-
1 mitted the motion in consequence of suggestions
made yesterday on behalf of several Senators who
are now necessarily absent, and he expressed the
hope that on Tuesday next it would be disposed
of.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION iJILL.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives making appropi iation
for the set vice of the Post Office Department during:
the fiscal year ending'June 30th, 1851, reported
I bick ^jhe same, with the following amendments:
i Til line ten, strike out 44 sewn" and inseit "six.1'
In line tlmty-t\vo, strike out "department" and insert
" building." . „
111 line thilt)-two, strike out "eifrht"and msm "live."
In hne thntv-thui, strike out "five hundrtd."
In line thnty-eight, stnke out " temporary" and insert
additional.'
There was a great competition for the floor.
Mr. BOYD was recognized and said: I have
sought the floor for the purpose of submitting a
privileged motion. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to order the bill to be
engrossed.
Mr. BURT. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Boyd] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARRlS of Illinois,addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Boyd.) Does the
gentleman from Kentucky yield the floor?
Mr. BOYD. To a motion to adjourn only.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the House ad-
journ. , t ,
Mr. BURT demanded the yeas and nays.
Tt the end of line forty-six insert: "And the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized in his disciefion to dispose of, to
the best advantage, an> quaitcily returns of mails sent or
received which were made up pievious to 1845, preset vmg the
accounts eur.ent, and all vouchers accompanying such ac-
counts and to use such poition of the piocttds then of a? maj
be necessary to defray the cost of sepaialing and disposing of
the same."
Strike cut the second section and inseit:
For tiansportation of the mails, including service
in California and Oregon . . . . • £2,950 000
For tiansportation of the mails in two steamships,
fiom New Yoik by Southampton to Bremen, at
#100,000 for <ath ship under the contract with
the Ocean Steam Navigation Company of New
York, and fin transpoitation by tv.o ships under
the same contiaet fiom New Yoik to Havre, at
#75,000 each, including une\pended Laiance of
foimer appiopnation, (£>283,333) . . . 66,667
For tianspoitation of the nuuis between Charleston
and Havana, bj way of Key West, calling at S«i;
I vaunah, under the contiaet with M C. Mm-decai
! Fortranspoitation of the mails acioss the Isthmus
i of Panama 
; For compensation to postmasieis ....
i For ship, steamb at, and way leiteis
! For vwapping paper ......
1 For office fmnitureun the Post Officc) .
: For adveitising   
| For mail bags ...♦<•••
For blanks 
For mail locks, keys, and stamps ....
For mail depredations and special agents
For clerks for offices (m the Post Office) • .
Miscellaneous  
I Publishing new editions Post Office laws and reg^i-
t latiuis, and of the table of post offices
! 5,205,167
i So that the bill thus amended will be as follows :
j " Be it enarted by the Senate and J'ovsc of Representatives
1 of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 'I hat
i the following sums be.and th^y art hereby appropnated for
! the setvice of the Post Office Di-paitnient, tor the jear ending
! the thiitieth of June, one thousand eight bundled and fifij-
^ one, out of any moneys in the Treasuiv not otherwise appro-
1 ijiiaUd:
"•For coirpensation of three assistant postmasters general,
I clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, and watchmen, of
j said department, ninety six thousand three hundred and six-
! i y.five dollars: Provided, That tins appropi iation shall bem
j lieu of any other appropi iation heretotoie made foi the objects
[ contemplated by this provision.
; For compensation of the superintendent of the Povt Office
! building, two hundred and fifty dollars.
j For contingent expenses of said department, viz:
i " k or blank booka, binding, stationery, fuel, and oil, punt-
irttrJabor, day-wa?ching, and for arrears of contingencies xn
the fiscal year ending thiitieth June, one thousand eight bun-
dled and fifty, nine thousand two hundred: and ninety-two
d°«'For miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
" For repaiis of the General Post Office buiUfcng. office fur 
niture, painting, glazing, papeiing, and brick work, including
sums now due for like oljjects of expenditure, five thousand
and eightv-three dollars. .
" For fitting with three-ply carpets sixty rooms in the Gen-
eral Post Oftiee building, three thousand five hundred doHai-s.
For painting the interior of the General Post Omce build-
ing, including the passages and stairwajs, five thousand
dollars. _
u For compensation of the Auditor of the Post Omce I3e-
parunent, and (he clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger
in his office, eightv-five thousand eight hundred dollars.
" For compensation of fifteen additional clerks, four at one
thousand four huiulrtd dollars each,foui at one thousand two
hundrrd dollais each, and seven at one thousand dollais each,
per annum, seventeen thousand four hundred dollars.
<*For contingent expenses of said office, viz :
" Foi blank books, bu.dmg, stationers, labor, pi mting blanks
and encnlars, five thousand seven hundred dollars.
44 For miscellaneous items,one thousand dollars. And the
Postmaster Geneialis heieby authoii/,ed,at his discretion, to
dispose of to ihe best advantage any quartei I) returns of mails
sent and received which were made up previous to 1845, pre-
serving the accounts eunent, and all vouchees accompammg
such accounts, and to use such portion of the proceeds
thereof as may be nectssuiy to defray the cost of sepaiating
and disposing of the same. ,
"Foi additional compensation to two night-watchmen m
the General Post Office building, fiom 1st July,eighteen hun-
dred and fortv-nine, to June 30tb, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one.so as to plate them on «he same footing as the watchmen
in the oilier Executive buildings, and to correct an error m the
act making apinopriationsfor the civil and diplomatic cxpen-
s.sof Government foi the year commencing 1st July,tighteen
handled and foitv-nine, whereby one hundred and thnty dol-
lars was appiopnated for the ' messenger,' instead of the two
watchmen in the Post Office Depaitment, (acts second session
thirtieth Congress, page sixty-two,) two hunditd and sixt?
dollais; and the said clause making an appropnation of ad-
ditional compensation of oue hundred and thirty dollars for
messenger of Post Office Department is hereby repealed.
For tianspoitation of the mails, including ser-
vice in California and Oregon . - . £2,950,000
"Foi tianspoitation of the mail* in twosteamships
from New York,b> Southampton, to Bremen*
at g 100,000 for tach ship, under the contract
•vvivb the Ocean Steam Navigation Company of
\*ew Yoik' and for transportation by two
ships, under the same contiact.from New Yoik
to Havte, at 5575,000 tach, including an unex-
pended balance of formei appropriation g283,-
333  
" For transpoitatton of the mails between Charles-
ton and Havana, bv wa> of Key West, call-
ing at Savannah,under the contiact with M-
C. Mordeeai . • • • ♦ • ■
« Foi tiansportation of the mails across the Isth-
mus of Panama 
"For compensation to postmasters ....
u For ship, steamboat,and w ay letters .
*< For wrapping paper . . .
" For otnee t'urniuiie (m the Post Office)
*' For advertising .... -
u For mail bags .  
u For blanks
" For mail locks.keys, and stamp
For mail depredations and special agents .
" Foi clerks for offices (in the Post Office) .
"Formisctlianeous . . .
" For publishing new editions of post onice laws
and legiiUtions, and ol the table ol post offices
#5,205,167
"See 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
! Genual be and he is hereby authored to pay, out of any
; monev in the I icasni) at the ciedit of the P««t Offic< Depait-
ment all such balanci s as have or may heitaflei btcome due
to the General Post Office of London upon the adjustment of
the quaueily accounts ansing out of the postal convention
concluded December fifteenth, eight< en hundred and foity-
eirht. between the United States and the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland."
50,000
35,000
1,450,000
45,000
24,000
8,000
fi^,000
25-000
28^000
10.000
30;000
340,000
70,000
8.500
66,667
50,000
3^,000
1,450,000
45,000
24,000
8,000
65,000
25,000
28,000
10,000
30,000
340,000
70,000
8,500
i Kingdom of
rea«, hiiwih * «■  • •• <•
Mr. DICKINSON, pursuant to the inlimation
which he gave yesterday, moved that the Senate
do now proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
the amendments lepoited from the committee.
Mr. DICKINSON made a detailed statement of
the objects of the committee in preparing the
amendments which had been reported.
Mr. YULEE objected to the passage "and for
transportation by two ships under the same con-
tract from New York to Havre at $75,0U0 each,
and he moved to stnke it out.
On this motion a debate ensued in which
Messrs. DICKINSON, YULEE, DAVIS of
Massachusetts, RUSK, SEWARD, and DAW-
SON participated.
Mr. SEBASTIAN moved to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until to-morrow,
and that the bill and amendments be printed.
After some discussion, in which Messrs. BER-
RIEN, DOWNS, DICKINSON, UNDER-
WOOD, FOOTE, and RUSK took part, the mo-
tion to poslpone was rejected by a vote of 23 to 13.
The debate on the motion to strike out was then
resumed and continued by Messrs. DICKINSON,
RUSK, YULEE, UNDERWOOD, BADGER,
