m
fPE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
- Also, fourteen petitions from citizens of New
York, and a petition from citizens of Portland,
Maine, asking that the right of trial by jury may
be secured by law to alleged fugitive slaves ar-
rested in any other State than that in which their
service is claimed; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Wr. BALDWIN presented a petition of citizens
of Plymouth, Connecticut, asking that slavery §iid
the slave trade may be prohibited by law; in all tl\e
territories of the United States.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same place,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished ift the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefrom.
Also, from citizens of the same place, asking
tha.t the right of trial by jury may be secured to
fugitive slaves arrested in any other State than
that in which service is claimed; ^llof which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented four petitions, (which
he observed were signed by Democrats who had
never scratched a ticket,) one from Corinth,
Maine, asking that no State may- hereafter be
admitted into the Union whose constitution does
not prohibit slavery; one from citizens of the same,
asking; that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Columbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefrom; one from citi-
zens of the same, asking that slavery and the
slave trade may be prohibited by law in all tecri•
tories of the United States; one from citizens of
the same place, asking that the right of trial by
jury may be secured by law to fugitive slaves; all
of which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CHA.S.E presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, and a petition of citizens of New
Yoik, asking that no slave State may hereafter be
admitted into the Union whose constitution does
not expressly prohibit slavery.
Also, five petitions from citizens of Ohio, and
two petitions from citizens of Illinois, asking that
the right of trial by jury may be secured to fugi-
tive slaves.
Also, six petitions from citizens of Ohio, and
two petitions from citizens of Illinois, asking that
slavery and the slave trade may be, abolished in
the District of Columbia, or the seaf-of Govern-
ment removed.
Also, six petitions from citizens of Ohio, and a
petition of citizens of Illinois, asking that slavery
and the slave trade may be abolished in all the
territories of the United States.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Huntsburg
county, Ohio, asking the adoption of constitutional
measures for abolishing slavery in the United
States.
Also, a petition of citizens of Medina county,
Ohio, praying that slavery may be prohibited by
law in the territories of New Mexico and Califor-
nia, that the provision of the act of 1793 respecting
fugitive slaves may be repealed, and slavery and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and
the slave trade along the coast may be abolished.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Harrison
couriiy, Ohio, remonstrating against the resolu-
tions submitted by Mr. Clay on the 29th Janu-
ary last, and praying Congress to increase its con-
stitutional power to prohibit the introduction of
slavery into territories now* free, to abolish slavery
and the slave trade in the District of- Columbia,
and the stave trade between the States, and to re-
peal those provisions of the actof 1793 respecting
the recovery of fugitive slaves-; all of which were
ordered to lie on the tdble.
Mr. BENTON". I am asked to present a peti-
tion from many citizens of California, asking that
a separate collection district and a port of entry
may be established at San Diego, on the southern
coast of the Pacific, in California. They give very
strong reasons in connection with this request.
The evils under which the southern portion of
California have been and are still suffering, are
peculiar, arising as they do from that act of the
Ja*t session of Congress extending the revenue
laws of the United States over Upper California,
with the only port of entry at San Francisco, which
not only tpnds to build up that port at the expense
of the whole territory, but prostrates the commer-
cial energies of the city of San Diego, the adjacent
towns and surrounding country. San Diego, being
over five hundred miles by sea south from San Fran-
cisco, is by this much (so far as commercial ad van- ,
"i are concerned) further from any other port in j
the world. All shipping must pass by San Diego, to
enter at San Francisco, whether their cargoes are
foreign or domestic production's, making it neces-
sary for the citizens of San Diego to pay an addi-
tional freight equal to the freight from New York
(which is §40 per ton) to San Francisco, while
foreign vessels are almost prohibited from bringing
goods of any description to San Diego. In con-
sequence of this the citizens of the southern portion-
of California have not only very limited supplies,
but are compelled to pay for ail imports two or
three hundred per cent, more than the citizens of
San Francisco.
They give so many and such excellent reasons
for establishing a collection district for that part of
California, and making San Diego a port of entry,
that I think it is due to them to have this memorial
printed, as well as to move that it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce. I therefore make
both motions.
The memorial was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and the question of
printing to the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, that five thou-
sand copies, in addition to the usual number of the
report of the Secretary of War, communicating
explorations of the Territory of Minnesota by Cap-
tain Pope, be printed for the use of the Senate—
it was
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Joseph Parks, a member of the Shawnee tribe of
Indians, asking compensation for a negro slave
rescued from his possession by a mob of persons
of the State of Illinois, asked to be discharged
fiom the further consideration of the same, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the chiefs of the Meno-
minee Indians, asking payment of a debt due
by them to Robert Gnguon, made an adverse re-
port on the same.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to amend an
act entitled "An act for the discontinuance of the
office of surveyor general in the several districts so
soon as the surveys therein can be completed, for
abolishing land oifice^ under certain circumstances,
and fur other put poses," approved 12th June,
1840, reported back the same without amend-
ment.
Mr.'DO VVNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to refund the fine im-
posed on the late Dr. Thomas Cooper, under the
sedition law to his heirs, reported the same with-
out amendment, and recommended its passage.
Mr. SrilELDS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referied the manorial of a
convention held at Vandalm, asking a giant of
land for a railroad from a point opposite to Terre
Haute, Indiana, to a point on the Mississippi
river, &c., reported a bill granting to tne State
of Illinois to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point opposite to Terie Haute, Indiana, to
a point near illinoistown, Illinois; which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
report of the Secretary of the interior, in relation
to the public lands in the Milwaukee land district,
reported m favor of printing the same; which was
concuned in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to punt the mermmal ot George
Watterston, asking the establishment of an Agri-
cultural College in the city of Washington, re-
ported against printing the same; winch was con-
curred in.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the motion to print the memorial ot Ralph
Bulkley, asking an appropriation to test an effect-
ive method of extinguishing tire, lepoited against
printing the same; which was concurred in.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr, DODGE, of Wisconsin, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to divide the State of Wisconsin into two judicial
districts; which was rend a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A RILL.
Mr. YULEE gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
bring in a bill to amend the act approved June 30,
1834, regulating trade and intercourse with the
Indian tribes.
MR. BELL'S RESOLUTIONS.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being Mr. Foote's motion
to refer Mr. Bell's resolutions to a committee
of thirteen, the pending question being upon an
amendment proposed by Mr. Baldwin to except
from the reference so much as relates to the ad-
mission of California as a State.
Mr. BENTON. It is proposed to make the
admission -of California a part of a system of
measures for the settlement of the whole slavery
question in the United States. I am opposed to
this mixing of subjects which have no affinities,
and am in favor of giving to the application of
California for admission into this Union a separ-
ate consideration, and an independent decision,
upon its own merits. She is a State, and should
not be mixed up with anything below the dignity
of a State. She has washed her hands of slavery
at home, and should not be mixed up with it
abroad. She presents a single application, and
should not be coupled with other subjects. Yet
it is proposed to mix up the question of admitting
California with all the questions which the slavery
agitation has producedin the United States, and
to make one general settlement of the whole,
somewhat in the nature of a compact or compro-
mise. Now, I am opposed to all this. I ask for
California a separate consideration, and object to
mixing her up with any, much more with the
whole of the angry and distracting subjects of dif-
ference which have grown up out of slavery in
the United States.
What are these subjects? They are:
1. The creation of Territorial Governments in
New Mexico, and m the remaining part of Cali-
fornia.
2. The creation of a new State in Texas, reduc-
tion of her boundaries, settlement of her dispute
with New Mexico, and cession of her surplus ter-
ritory to the United States.
3. Recapture of fugitive slaves.
4. Suppression of the slave trade in the District
of Columbia.
5. Abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.
6. Abolition of slavery in the forts, arsenals,
navy-yards, and dock yards of the United States.
7. Abolition of the slave trade between the
States.
8. Abolition of slavery within the States.
And a non-enumerated catalogue of oppressions,
aggressions, and encroachments upon the South.
This is the list of the subjects to be mixed up
with the question of admitting the State of Cali-
fornia into the Union; and I am against the mix-
ture, and that for reasons which apply to the whole
in the lump, and to each separate ingredient in the
detail.
I am against it in the lump,
California is a State, and has a right to be treated
as other States have been, when asking admission
into the Union, and none of which have been sub-
jected to the indignity of having their application
coupled with the decision of other, inferior, and,
to them, foreign questions.
I object to it upon principle—that principle of
fair legislation winch requires every measure to
stand or fall upon its own merits, unaided by
stronger measures, unimpeded by weaker ones.
I object to it on account of the nature of the
subjects to be coupled with California—all angry,
distracting, and threatening: the Union with disso-
lution; while her application is calm, conciliatory,
national, and promising to strengthen and aug-
ment the Union.
I object to it because California herself has ob-
jected to it. Her constitution contains this pro-
vision:
"Every law enacted by the Legislature shall con-
tain but one object; and that shall be expressed in the
title." ,
This is the opinion of California about mixing
different subjects together m the process of legis-
lation; and a wise opinion it is; and a wise pro-
