1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.-5,.
After a pause of some time—
Mr. ALLEN proceeded. There is a difference
of understanding as to the decision of the Chair—
as to whether the previous question will be ex-
hausted or not on the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The previous question, which
was in operation of the bill has been exhausted.
The previous question, which has now been moved
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] will
be exhausted on the motion to reconsider, whether
that motion should be decided in the affirmative or
the negative. If it should be decided m the nega-
tive, as a matter of course, there is an end of the
question. The question now is on laying upon
the table the motion to reconsider. •
The question, "Shall the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table?" was then taken, and deci-
ded in the negative—yeas 71, nays 135, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Baker,
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Joseph
Cable, Campbell, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Cole,
Corwin, Croweli, Daniel, Dickey, Doty, Durkee, Feather-
ston, Fowler, Giddings, Gott, Haralson, Harlan, Sampson
W. Harris, Hebard, Holladay, Holmes Rowf, Hubbard,
Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Pieaton King, La S&re, Matte-
son, MeGaughey, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Million,
Morris, Mor.-e, Old&, Orr, Otis Phelps Powell, Roof, Sack-
ett, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Fied«jrick P. Sianton,
Richard II. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stet«on, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Waldo, Wallace, and
Woodward—7L.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Bo\d.Bieck,
Briggs, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester
Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter, Ca^ey, Chandler,
Chngman, Conger, Deheriy, Dimmick, Disney. Dixon. Duer,
Duncan, Dunham Edmundson,Eliot, Nathan Evans. Ewing,
Fitch, Freedlev, Fuller, Gentrv, Gerry, Gilmore, Got man,
Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hammond, Isham
G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, IJibbaid, Hilhard,
Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Andrew Johnson, James L.
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr. George G. King, James G
King, John A. King, Leffier, Levin, Liulefield, Horace
Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDon-
ald, McDowell, McKi^sock, McLanahan, R. M McLane,
-Finis E McLean, McMullen, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Outlaw, Owen, Paiker,
Pea«lee, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Rey-
nolds, Richardson, Robhtns, Robinson, Rockwell, Rosp,
Ro«s, Rinnsey, Savage, Schenck, Sehermerhorn, Shepperd,
Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Strong, Sweeper, Taylor,James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toomb«, Under-
bill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Watkins, Wellborn, Went-
worth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wilson,
and Young—135.
So the House decided that the motion to recon-
sider should not be laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. MEADE made an inquiry of the Speaker,
of which not a word could be heard on the left of
the Chair.
Mr. BOYD stated that he understood the name
of Mr. Harmanson, of Louisiana, was recorded.
He (Mr. B.) had been so informed. If such was
the fact, it was an error, as the gentleman was not
in the House.
The SPEAKER directed the necessary exami-
nation to be made.
The question then recuned on the demand for
the previous question.
Tellers were oidered, and Messrs. Duncan and
Wallace were appointed.
And the question, Will the House second the
demand for the previous question ?" was taken, and
decided in the affirmative—-ayes 116, noes not
counted.
So there was a second.
The question then was, " Shall the main ques-
tion be now taken ?"
Mr. FOWLER asked the yeas anc!«nays.
Mr. F. also asked tellers or the yeas and nays.
Tellers'were refused.
And the yeas and nays were refused.
"And the House then ordered the main question
to be now put.
The question then was, ii Will the House re-
consider the vote by which the House refused to
ord^r the bill to a third reading?"
Mr. BURT asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. CORWIN" put an inquiry to the Chair,
which was not heard by the Reporter, but the pur-
port of which will be understood from the Speak-
er's reply.
The SPEAKER. The operation of the pre-
vious question ordered yesterday, is exhausted.
The previous question now in operation will ex-
haust itself on this vote.
Mr. HALLOWAY, (to the Speaker.) If the
vote is reconsidered will the bill be open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question, Shall the vote be reconsidered by
which the House refused to order the bill to a third
reading ? was taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 131, nays 75; as follow:
YE*S—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Baylv, Beale, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlm, Boyd,
Breck, Briags, Brooks, William J. Blown, Buel, Burrows,
Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler,
Clingman, Conner, Corwin, Deberry, Dimmick, Disney,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, Nathan
Evans-, Ewing, Fitch, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, G«rry, Gd-
more, Gorman, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway,
Hammond. Is-ham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond,
Hibbard, Hilltard, Hoagland, Houston, Howard, Andrew
Johnson, JamesL. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. Kmg, Leifier, Levin, Lit-
tle.field, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDon-
ald, McDowell, McKissock, McLanahan, R. M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Outlaw, Owen, Parker,
Pea-lee, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Richardson, Robbins, Robmt>on, Rose, Ross, Rumsey, Sav-
age, Schenck, Schermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Stanly,
Strong, Sweetser, Tavlor, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thni man, Toombs-, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Walden, Watkme, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, Wil-
drick, Williams, Wilson, and Young—131.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Baker,
Bingham, Booth, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable,
Camphcll,Cartter,Clarke,Williamson R. W.Cobb,Colcock,
Cole, Croweli, Daniel, Dickey, Doty, Diukee, Featherston,
Fowler, Gidding?, Gott,"Haralson*, Harlan, S. W. Harris,
Hebard, Holladay, Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge,
Joseph W. Jackson, William T. Jackson, Robert W. John-
son, Julian, Preston King, La Sere, Horace Mann, Matte-
son, McGaughev, Mi Queen, McWillie, Meade, Million,
Morris, Morse, Oid«, Orr, Otis Peck, Phelps, Powell, Rock-
well, Root, Sackett, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Sprague,
,F. P. Stanton, R. H. Sranton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stei-on,
Thomas Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Wentworth, and Woodward—75.
The question recurred, Shall the bill be ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. BOYD obtained ihe floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts rises to a privileged question. The gen-
tleman will state his question.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to reconsidcr the
vote by which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ken lucky [Mr. Boyd] was yesterday re-
jected. I voted in the negative upon that ques-
tion, and I call the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MEADE. Did the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Grinnell] vote in the negative?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to state that he did.
Mr. FOWLER. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. ROOT. I wish to know whether the gen-
tleman who submitted the motion to reconsider,
himself voted against the arreidment.
JVIr. GRINNELL. I stated that I did.
Mr. ROOT was understood to say that he had
not heard the gentleman's vote or his previous
statement.
The question being upon laying on the table
the motion to reconsider—
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call.
The call he ins: R'ispened for a moment—
Mr. CAMPBELL. By the unanimous consent
of the House I will withdraw my motion to lay
on the table.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent is asked
by the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Objection was made.
• The call was completed, and the vote resulted,
j yeas 96, nays 108; as follow:
' YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Averett, Baker, Ben-
1 net, Bingham, Bon'b, Albert G. Brown. Burrows, Bnrt,
j Thomas B Rntler, Joseph Cable,Calvin, Campbell, Clarke,
| Clingman, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Croweli, Daniel,
| Dickey, Dixon, Dotv, Durkee, Nathan Evan®, Featherston,
Fowler, Frecdley, Giddines Gott. Gould, Halloway, Har-
i Ian, S. W. Harris, Henrv, Holladay, Holmes, Howe, Hub-
bard, Hunter, Inge, Wilham T. Jack«nn, Robert W. John-
| son, Julian, James G. King, John A. Kins, Predion King,
] Horace Mann, Matieson, McGauahey, McQueen, Meade,
I Million, Morris, Morse, Nelson, Newel!, Ogle, Olds, Orr,
Otis, Pea^Iee, Peck, Phelps, Putnam, Rpynolds, Rockwell,
Root, Rumsey, Sackett. Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermcrhorn,
1 Schoolcraft, Seddon. Silvester. Sprague, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson,
Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson,
Tuck, Van Dykp, Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace,
Wentworth, Whittlesey, and Woodward-—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Bay,
Baylv, B'-ale, Bo"k# e, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Brtck, Brtggs,
Brooks William J. Blown, Buel, Chener Butler, E. Car-
rington Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Jo-'epb P. Caldwell,
Canter, Casey, Chandler, W. R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dim-
mick, D^ney, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot,
Ewing, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmorc, Gorman,
Green, Grinnell, Hall, Hammond, Haralson, Isham G. Har-
ris, Thoma-. L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Hoag-
land, Houston, Howard, Jo>eph W. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, George G,
King, Jja Sfere Leffler, Levin, Job Mann, Mar>ball, Mason,
M' Clcrrmnd, McDonald, McDowell, MeKissock, McLana-
han, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen,
McWillie, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Outlaw,
Owen, Parker, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Reed,
Richardson, Robbing,Ro&e, Ro>s>, Savage,Shcppeid, Stanly,
Strong, Tavlor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs,
Underbill, Walden, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Wildrick,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—108.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. VAN DYKE, (to the Speaker.) Is it in
order now to submit a motion that the bill be re-
ferred to *he Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The question before the House is on the motion
to reconsider the vote on the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd ] That
question has not yet been disposed of, and the pre-
vious question ?<= pending upon it.
Mr. VAN DYKE. Is nouthe motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union a privileged motion, and there-
fore in order?
The SPEAKER. The original bill is not now
before the House for its action. The House passed
from the consideration of the bill, by virtue of the
privileged question made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Grinnell.]
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. VINTON put an inquiry to the Chair, as
to the extent to which the ptevious question would
operate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
be exhausted on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. FOWLER, (to the Speaker.) That is to
say, the previous question operates now on the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] and
on that only.
The SPEAKER. On that only.
Mr. McQUEEN asked the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
THE POST OFFICE BILL.
A messages was received from the Senate by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House,
amongst other things, that the Senate had passed
the post office appropriation bill, with amend-
ments.
Mr. BAYLY. One of these bills is the post
office appropriation bid, I understand. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to move to refer
the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that the amendments may be ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POTTER. I think the bill ought to go
to the Committee on the Post Office.
Mr. BAYLY. It is an appropriation bill.
Mr. POTTER. Amendments have been made
affecting the Post Office revenues very materi-
ally.
The SPEAKER. The question can only be
brought before the House by unanimous consent.
The Chair understands the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] to ask the unanimous consent
of the House to move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and that the
amendments made by the Senate be printed.
Mr. POTTER. I shall have to object, if the
gentleman persists in his motion to refer the bill
'to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
bill cannot be taken up unless the House by unan-
imous consent will agree to the vote being taken
on the reference.
Mr. HALL objected, so the bill was not taken up.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
The House resumed the consideration of this
bill.
The question, Will the House reconsider the
