1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
vote by which the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] was rejected? was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 106,
nays 99; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashe, Bay, Bayly, B^ale, Bennett, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlm,
Boyd, Breck, Brings, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel,
Chester Butler, E. Carrington Cabell, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey, Chandler, Williamson R. W,
Cobb, Deberrv, Dimmick, Disney, Duer, Duncan, Dunham,
Ednnindson. Eliot, Ewing, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore,
Gorman, Green, Griiinell, II-til, Hammond. Haralson, I>ham
G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, JBibbard, HiHiard,
Hoagland, Houston, Howaid, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, La
S6ie, L^-ffi'-r, Levin, Liltlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Ma-
son, McClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McKissoek,
McLannhan, Robert M. MeLane, Finis E. McLean, McMul-
len, McWillie, Meacham, Moore, Morfhead, Morton, Out-
law, Owen, Parker, Pnceriix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Reed,
Rioliard.-on, Rohbins, Robinson, Rose, Ross, Savage, Shep-
perd, Stanly, Strong, John B.Thompson, Toombs, Walden,
Watkins, Wellborn, White, Wildnck, Williams, Wilson,
and Young—-1C6.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Averett, Baker, Bins-
ham, Booth, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Thomas B.
Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Clarke,
Chnsman, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowe!!, Dan-
iel, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Feather-
ston, Fowler, Freedley, Giddmgs, Gott, Gould, Halloway,
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hcbard, Henry, Holladay,
Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, William T. Jack-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, George G. King, James G.
Kins. John A. King, Preston King, Horace Mann, Matte-
son, McGaughey,McQueen, Meade,Millson,Morris,Morse,
Nelson, Newell, 0«le, Olds, Orr, Otis, Peaslee, Peck,
Phelps, Putnam, Reynolds, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sack-
ett, Sawtelle, S< benck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stantori, Richard H. Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Tavlor, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill,
Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Whittlesey,
and Woodward—99
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Boyd.
Mr. ORR and others addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] was entitled to the floor,
having obtained it and been deprived of it tem-
porarily by the interposition of the privileged
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Grinnell.]
Mr. ORR. Weil, the gentleman made his mo-
tion. Did he not then lose his right to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made no mo-
tion.
Mr. ORR. Did not he move to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. That motion was disposed of,
and the question recurred upon ordering the bill to
a third reading. The gentleman from Kentucky
then obtained the floor, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts interposed with his privileged mo-
tion. That motion having been disposed of, the
gentleman from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. M EADE addressed the Chair, and was pro-
ceeding to speak.
Mr. BURT interposed, and said it was impossi-
ble to hear anything that was going on.
The SPEAKER, [to Mr. Meade.] The gentle-
man from Virginia will suspend. Gentlemen are
requested to resume their seats.
A pause ensued.
The SPEAKER, [to Mr. Boyd.] Does the gen-
tleman from Kentucky yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Virginia?
Mr. BOYD. I did not hear the proposition which
the gentleman desires to make. 1 am willing to
hear it.
Mr. MEADE. The proposition which I wish
to submit is to amend the first section of this bill,
which 1 wish to have an opportunity of voting
upon. My amendment will in no way interfere
with the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky;on the contrary I believe that the amend-
ment I desire to propose, if it should be adopted,
would have the effect to strengthen the bill in the
House.
Mr. VINTON. I wish to make an inquiry.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Boyd ) Does the
gentleman from Kentucky yield the floor?
Mr. VINTON. I desire to know, in case the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky shall
be rejected, whether 
Mr. BURT. I rise to a point of order. I de-
sire to know if the gentleman from Kentucky can
yield the floor to the gentlemtn from Ohio to make
any motion or suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky c*n only yield for explanation.
Mr. BOYD resumed the floor. I think (said
he) my position is a very embarrassing one. I
am aware of the responsibility connected with it.
I am appealed to on the one side of the House,
and on the other, to yield, to allow gentlemen to
offer amendments. These amendments" are nu-
merous: some of them I would be glad to see
adopted. But I am perfectly satisfied, that throw
this bill open to amendments, it will be destroyed
by amendments. As a friend to this bill, there-
fore, J cannot yield. I would be very glad that
every gentleman on this floor should have the op-
portunity of voting upon ail the amendments which
he desires. I myself have an amendment to offer
to the original bill; and as it is exceedingly simple,
I avow my purpose of then demanding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BURT. I hope it will fie voted down.
Mr. MEADE. I hope somebody else will have
the privilege of offering an amendment besides the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd ]
Mr. BOYD. I am entitled to the floor. I hope
gentlemen will allow me to state what it is my
wish to do, what I intend to do, what it is my
duty to do. I propose the following amendment
to the original bill. I would inquire of the Chair
whether it is in order to amend the bill while there
is an amendment pending?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
no amendment can be offered, unless it be an
amendment to the amendment pending.
Mr. BOYD. Have I the power to withdraw,
temporarily, the amendment I originally offered ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
that it is not in the power of the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw the-amendment, as action
has been taken upon it by the House.
Mr. BOYD. Then 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, to enable me to move to strike
out the 1st of December, and insert the 1st of Jan-
uary as the time within which Texas is to accept
the proposals.
Mr. ORR. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I wish to
make an appeal to the gentleman from Kentucky
to withdraw the call for the previous question, to
allow me to submit a motion to commit the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw the motion?
Mr. BOYD declined to withdraw.
Cries of " Question, question."
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask the gentleman
ftom Kentucky 
Mr. BURT. I object to any remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts can only speak by unanimous consent.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER called to order, and requested
gentlemen to observe order in the Hall.
A pause ensued.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a point of order. Ts
it in order to move to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is,
Will the House second the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. MEADE. I demand tellers.
Mr. PRESTON KING. Is it m order to move
an amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the motion
for the previous question
Mr. PRESTON KING. Did not the Chair
decide that it would be, if it was reconsidered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt of
that; but the previous question has been moved,
which cuts off all amendments.
Mr. PRESTON KING. Then the gentleman
from Kentucky is the only gentleman in order.
Tellers were ordered upon the second of the de-
mand for the previous question. Messrs. Evans,
of Ohio, and McMullen were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—yeas 88, noes 99.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. TOOMBS proposed to move an additional
section, as an amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] providing
for the territorial government of New Mexico.
I should like (said Mr. T.) to submit some ob-
servations, but I see that the House is impatient.
[Cries, " Go on," " go on."
Mr. TOOMBS, (continuing ) And as I do not
wish "to open 'a debate, which may prove to be
protracted, I shall forego my own inclination. ' I
shall not, however, move the previous question,
but shall leave the matter to be disposed of as the
House may think proper.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no citizen of the
United States shall be deprived of his life, liberty, or proper-
ty, in said Territory, except by the judgment of his peers,
and the laws of the land; and that the Constitution of the
United States, and such sta'utes thereof as may not be lo-
cally inapplicable, and the common law as it existed fn ?he
British colonies of America until the 4th day of July, 1776,
shall be the exclusive laws of said territory upon the sub-
ject of African slavery, until altered by the proper authority.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. TOOMBS said, I have already indicated
my intention not to detain the House by any re-
marks of my own, nor to move the previous ques-
tion. I therefore yield the floor.
Some twenty or thirty members claimed it.
Mr. WENTWORTH obtained it. I am as
anxious, he said, to close this debate as any other
man 
[Several Voices. Don't make a speech.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, (continuing.) I pre-
sume that the honorable gentleman from Georgia
wishes a test vote on his amendment. I am also
willing that a vote should be taken upon it, and I
ask the Speaker if it is in order 
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, interposed, and re-
quested that the Speaker would direct gentlemen
in the aisles to take their seats.
Some time elapsed during which members were
taking their seats.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (continuing.) I ask
the Speaker whether it is in order to move a sub-
stitute for the additional section proposed by thp
gentleman from Georgia? [Mr. Toombs.]
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment to
the amendment already pending.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (to the Speaker.) Is it
in order to move to commit?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is it in order to move
to commit with instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I shall make the ^mo-
tion. I send the following instructions to the
Chair. And I ihtend to move the previous ques-
tion.
[Many voices: "Oh! no."]
The instructions were read, as follows:
" So to amend the amendment as to exclude slavery from
all the territory acquired trom Mexico by the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, Ijmg eastward of California."
The instructions having been read—
Mr. WENTWORTH resumed. I was going
to say, that great as my anxiety is to act without
further debate, and for this purpose to have a vote
at once upon the previous question, yet I am will-
ing, representing as 1 do the extreme wing of the
North, that gentlemen from the South should have
an opportunity to offer any additional instructions
which they may think proper. And to enable
t'vem to offer these instructions, I am willing to
yield the floor, provided I retain my right to it, and
can call for the previous question after the amend-
ments have been introduced.
Mr. FEATHERSTON addressed the Chair.
Mr. HOWARD ajso addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER recognized the former gentle-
man, and said, (addressing Mr. Wentworih,)
Does the gentleman yield the floor to the gentle-
man from Mississippi? [Mr. Featherston J
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will yield the floor
that the amendment of the gentleman may be re-
ceived; but 1 cannot yield for any purpose, it 1 am
thereby to lose my right to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired of the Chair, whether
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
could yield the floor for the purpose stated?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield the
floor only for explanation. If objection is made,
the gentleman cannot yield for any other purpose.
Mr. PRESTON KING made a remark, under-
stood to be in objection, (but it was not heard.)
Mr. FEATH'ERSTON said, if the flpor was
yielded to him, he would, after offering his amend-
ment, demand the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH claimed the floor.
The reading of the amendment of Mr. Feath-
erston for information was called for.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (to the Speaker.) Can
I adopt- additional instructions to those which i
have offered ? And I desire also that 1 may under-
