m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ApriIT8,
and the firm stand which it has taken in favor of
the Union, single it out from ail the rest, and
entitle it to be named: It is the National Intelli-
gencer.
The Senator from Kentucky speaks of com-
promise. He says we are all aiming at compro-
mise, and seems to look to the committee of thir-
teen for the desirable work. Certainly, the spirit
of compromise is good; and where there is room
for it, the thing itself is good. The compromises
of the Constitution are good; they are fundamen-
tal, permanent, and obligatory upon us all. But
the littlfc patch-work of statutory legislation,
though dignified with the name of compromise,
and celebrated when they are brought forth for all
the virtues of the real genuine Brandreth pills, yet
in the end they turn out to be quack medicines,
and often produce worse diseases than they are
intended to cure. I have no faith in such patch-
,work. I can have none in anything that the com-
mittee of thirteen shall produce, if it is raised.
But I have faith in open, manly, responsible dec-
larations and votes, in which every Senator speaks
for himself, and stands for a Senator, baring his
heart, and letting the people see what is in it.
There is no hugger-mugger in that—no leading, or
being led. A Senator stands for a Senator. He
counts one. He speaks for himself. He shows
what is in him. And I fully believe that if this
Senate, at this moment, was permitted to vote man
by man, on each and every of the slavery ques-
tions which now disturb the country, it would kill
agitation so dead, by showing that there is no
foundation for it, that human power could not re-
suscitate it during this generation.
I am for open and independent voting upon
every point, and against any concoction of a com-
mittee. 1 am against letting it be supposed,
either at home or in Europe, that the preservation
of this Union depends upon the consultation of
political doctors over the sick body of the Repub-
lic. Its preservation is not there—nor here—in a
committee room, nor in this Chamber, nor in the
hands of politicians; but in the hearts of the peo-
ple, who are at home attending to their own affairs,
and who will attend to the public affairs also when
necessary; and who know that they themselves
have enjoyed, and are enjoying, more blessings
under this Union than ever fell to the Jot of man
upon earth; and who are determined that their
children shall have the same right to the blessings
of civil and religious liberty, and the same equal
chance for the wealth and honors of the country
which they themselves have had. There is where
the salvation of the Union lies, and not in the
contrivances of politicians, or the incubations of
committees.
Let us vote upon the measures before us, begin-
ning with the admission of California. Let us
vote her in. Let us vote, after four months' talk.
The people who have gone there have done honor
to the American name. Starting fiom a thousand
points, and meeting as strangers far removed from
law and government, they have conducted them-
selves with the order, decorum and justice, which
would have done honor to the oldest established
and best regulated community. They have carried
our institutions to the farthest verge of the land—
to the coast of the Pacific, and lit it up with the
lightsof religion,liberty, and science—lightswhich
will shine across the broad ocean, and illuminate
the dark recesses of benighted Asia. They have !
completed the woik of the Pilgrim Fathers. |
Would to God that those who landed on the Rock,
and on the banks of the James river, more than
two hundred years ago, and who crossed the
stormy Atlantic in search of civil and religious
liberty, and who did so much for both in "their
day and generation, could now see what has been
done in our day! could look down from their
celestial abodes, and see the spark which they
struck from the flint now blazing with a light
which fixes the gaze of the world—see the mus-
tard seed which they planted, now towering to the
skies, and spreading its branches from the Atlantic
to the Pacific. With what rapture would they
Welcome the Pilgrims of California into the family
circle, while we, their descendants, sit here in
angry debate, repulsing our brethren, calculating
the value of the Union, and threatening to rend it
asunder if California is admitted !
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I will thank the
ecretary to read the motion and the proposed
amendment to the motion.
The resolutions together with the amendment
proposed to them were then read.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, although far from
being well, suffering still under the common malady
of the times—the influenza I suppose—I feel myself
called upon to make some reply to a portion of the
arguments which we have just heard from the
Senator from Missouri. Sir, I have to express an
unfeigned regret that it is not my fortune to concur
in opinion with that Senator in reference to the
mode of accomplishing a common object which we
Iboth have very much at heart. My respect for the
ability, and my deference to the long service and
great experience of that Senator, and my know-
ledge of the deep interest which he takes, and in
which I most heartily share, in ihe admission of
this new State as soon as practicable, renders it
extremely unpleasant, and as I think unfortunate,
that we should differ as to the means of accom-
plishing a common object.
Mr. President, 1 stated on Friday last, and I
have on various occasions stated, that, for one, I
was ready to vote for the admission of California
separately, by itself and unconnected with any
other measures, or in conjunction with other meas-
ures. And I stated on that occasion to the Sen-
ate and to the Senator from Missouri, that I be-
lieved, as I yet believe, that the roost speedy mode
of accomplishing the object which both he and I
have in view, is by combining some of these meas-
ures in connection with California, and by this
combined bill presenting subjects, which 1 shall
presently show are fairly connected in their nature,
to the consideration of Congress at one and the
same time. The whole question between the
Senator from Missouri and myself, is which is the
best mode of accomplishing the object. I say con-
nect the several measures together; he says no,
take California separately and alone. Sir, 1 should
be glad if the experiment could be made without
injury to the public, that the two mode3 should be
tested by experience, and it would then be ascer-
tained whether the Senator from Missouri or my-
self was correct. He has made an allusion to a
remark of mine on Friday last, with reference to
the difficulties that may arise on the passage of a
bill alone for the admission of California, and he
has inquiied what I had in contemplation at the
time I made that remark. Mr. President, I had
various matters in contemplation at that time, and
one was this. About California we all know
there is no difficulty as to her admission, either
separately or conjointly with other measures: We
all know perfectly well that there are larce major-
ities in both Houses in favor of the admission of
California. We know at the same time that there
are great difficulties with reference to Uie passage
of territorial governments unconnected with the
Wilmot proviso. We know that one portion of
Congress desire very much the admission of Cali-
fornia, when many members comprising that por-
tion'are opposed—some to the establishment of
any governments at all for the territories, and
many of them to the establishment of such govern-
ments without the intioduction of the pioviso.
Thus, whilst that party, anxious for the accom-
plishment of its own views and the satisfaction of
Its own wants, are pressing on for the passage of
a bill for the separate admission of California,
they are holding back in reference to other sub- i
jects equally important in the great object which I '
trust animates the breasts of all—the great object
of quiet and pacific action to the country. And,
besides, there are those who desire the establish-
ment of governments for the territories without i
the proviso, but who are willing to take the ad- 1
mission of California in combination with govern-
ments for the territories without the proviso. I
did allude to other considerations, not likely to
happen in this House, but which have happened,
and may again happen in the other house of Con- 1
gress; 1 did allude to what we heard said, not in
approbation—far from it—but with most decided :
disapprobation of it on my part, i did hear—as
we know has occurred once at least on one day
dui mg this session—that if it was attempted to force
on the minority of that House a measure which is
unacceptable to it, and abhorrent to its feelings,
without its association with other objects in view,
that minority would resort, in resistance of it, not I
trust to acts of violence, but to those pai hamentary
rules and modes of proceeding of which we have :
had before instances in this country, and which
ii 1 myself witnessed forty years ago, in a most ;|
remarkable degree, in theHouse ofRepresentatives,
and which we know some consider lawful at any
time to be employed. For myself, 1 differ per-
haps from most members of this body, or of any-
deliberative body , on this subject. 1 am for the
trial of mind against mind, of argument against
argument, of reason against reason, and when,
! after such employment of our intellectual faculties,
I find myself in the minority, I am for submitting
to the act of the majority. I am not for resorting
to adjournments, calls for the yeas and nays, am!
other dilatory proceedings, in order to delay that
which, if the Constitution has full and fair opera-
tion, must inevitably take place. There is great
loss of sleep, with great physical discomfort, in
the one mode of proceeding, without any in the
other. But, whilst this is my judgment, of what
is proper, in deliberative bodies, other gentlemen
entertain different opinions. They think it fair to
employ all the parliamentary means that are
vested in them by the Constitution, or by the rules
which regulate the body to which they belong, to
defeat, impede, or delay to any extent, the pas-
sage of the measure which they consider odious.
I repeat, sir, I do not justify such a course; but
we must take man as he is, with all hisweaknesses
and infirmities, and we can never expect to make
him as we could wish him to be.
Now, the Senator from Missouri, has chosen to
characterize this measure with unfairness of pro-
ceeding. Sir, if 1 were disposed to retort, which
I am far from doing, I could say that there had
been some unfairness in the argument of the
Senator from Missouri, when he endeavored to
show that the pending proposition was to combine
California, the territorial governments for the two
proposed territories, the fixation of the line of
Te^as, the fugitive slave bill, the bill for abol-
ishing the slave-trade in this District, abolition,
and God Almighty knows how many other sub-
jects, which his imagination depicted as contem-
plated to be introduced into our omnibus bill, and
to be considered in that way. The Senator from
Missouri knows perfectly well that no such
purpose existed, and he has no right to infer any
purpose of the kind. No longer ago than Friday
last, when I misunderstood my colleague, and
supposed that his object was to combine this
fugitive slave bill with these measures, he rose at
once and disclaimed any such intention. Sir,
nobody has gone further in this proposed combi-
nation of subjects than the admission of California,
the establishment of territorial governments, and—
' doubting its propriety, as 1 did on Friday, not
being absolutely determined in my own mind—
adding to these two measuies the establishment of
a suitable boundary for Texas, with the offer of
an equivalent for the surrender of any title which
she might be supposed to have in the territory so
surrendered. Let us look, whilst on this subject
of Texas, to another part of the Senator's argu-
ment, and I put it to the candor of the Senator to
admit how unfair, how improper, at least, it is to
suppose that, by such a combination as I have
indicated, the result would be to give Texas a veto
on California? Who imagines that? You pass
a bill with the separate section for the admission
of California, other sections in the same bill estab-
1 lishing governments in the two Territories, and
, other sections in relation to the proposition to
■ Texas for the settlement of her boundary, making
her certain offers, and this latter proposition de-
pendent on the consent which Texas might or
might not give. But suppose Texas does not give
! her consent, does anybody say that the other parts
of the bill would become dead or nugatory? Each
j portion of the bill is of force and effect according
j to the object in view, and each might standi
i ahhough the other portion of the bill might be
rendered null, in consequence of the non-concur-
rence of Texas in any other power.
It has been said that it is wrong to make those
who might be in favor of the admission of Cali-
fornia, and against the establishment of territorial
governments, or vice versa, vote on such a combi-
nation—that it would be wrong to combine them
in one bill, because they would have to vote
against both, not liking a portion of the bill, or for
both, still disliking a portion of the bill. And we
are told that what tlje wisdom of California sug-
gested in her constitution—that is to say, the
keeping of subjects separate and distinct—is theie-
by to be disregarded. Now there is very little of
practicability in this idea of a total separation of
