17a§
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Sept. 5,
And the question recurred upon the motion to
commit with the instructions moved by Mr.
Wentworth.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGE demanded a division of the ques-
tion upon the instructions of the gentleman from
Illinois in accordance with the decision of the
Chair, announced to the House a short time since.
The SPEAKER. The House witt come to or-
der.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will slate to the
gentleman from Alabama, and to the House, that
when this question was first presented, it was new;
it had never been brought to his consideration.
Since that time, during the call of the yeas and
nays, he has examined the question, and he is
very clear in hia own mind as to the correct
decision to be pronounced in this case. But, it
varies somewhat from the opinion he gave to the
House when his opinion was first asked; and it is
to be regretted that this should be the case. Still
he must give the opinion now as he entertains it.
When the point was submitted upon the division
of the question upon the commitment and instruc-
tions, so as to vote first upon the instructions, and
then upon the commitment, or vice versa, the Chair
deld, and still holds, the opinion that the question
cannot thus be divided. The rule is, that a mo-
tion to be divided, must contain two or more sep-
arate and distinct propositions. if the motion to
commit, and the motion to instruct the committee,
be divided, and the question be taken first on the
motion to commit, and the House refuse to com-
mit, the motion to instruct does not constitute a
substantive proposition which can stand by itself.
If, on the other hand, the vote be taken first on the
motion to instruct, and that is adopted, the ques-
tion would recur upon the motion to commit; and
if the House should refuse to commit, what be-
comes of the instructions? They must necessarily
fall. This shows that the commitment and in-
structions are not two distinct and substantive
propositions. If the instructions had been offered
separately as an amendment, the House would
thereby have been brought to a vote separately
upon them, and, if (hey were agreed to, the ques-
tion would recur upon committing with the in-
structions The Chair thinks the point a very
clear and distinct one. He intimated the opinion,
however, to the gentleman from Illinois, [VTr.
Wentworth,] that a separate vote might be taken
upon each branch of the instructions after the fiist.
But the House, upon reflection, will perceive that
thisruling would involve the House in the same
difficulty. Suppose the vote was taken first upon
the motion to commit with the first instructions,
and the House refused to commit with those in-
structions, the remaining instructions would fall,
as a matter of course; or suppose the House voted
first upon the several branches of the instructions,
except the first, and they were agreed to, and then
refused to commit the bill with the first instruc-
tions, what would become of the subsequent in-
structions which had been agreed to? Hence the
Chair must rule that the only vote to be taken is
upon the motion to commit with instructions, and
that that motion is indivisible.
Mr. INGE. The decision of the Chair just
made is directly in conflict with the decision an-
nounced a little while ago in reply to the question
which I asked. I think, inasmuch as the motion
of instructions raises several distinct propositions,
we have the right to demand the vote upon each
question under the 53d rule, and I desire the House
to decide that question. In order to do so, I take
an appeal frnm the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Spe.aker.) I
desire to inquire whether the gentleman embraces
the point of the right of the House to have a dis-
tinct vote taken on the motion to refer? 1 main-
tain that as a substantive proposition.
Mr. INGE was about to reply.
The SPEAKER interposed to the restoration
of order. The Speaker then said that it would be
better to decide these questions separately. They
•were not necessarily connected. The Chair un-
derstands the gentleman from Alabama as taking
an appeal from the decision that the instructions
are indivisible
Mr. WENTWORTH. As there is some mis-
take, a3 the House will remember, between the
Chair and myself, it is right that I should be
alio we'd to state what my u nderstanding of the mat-
ter was. I certainly should not have offered the
instructions 
Objection was made.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Under the circumstan-
ces of the case, I appeal to the House to allow me
to explain. The Chair made a statement to me,
upon which I based my action. Surely the House
will allow me to explain.
Objection was make.
The SPEAKER united with Mr. Wentworth
in the request for unanimous laave to explain.
Mr. GENTRY objected.
The SPEAKER then stated, that the Chair
took upon itself the responsibility of the difficulty
in which the gentleman from Illinois had become
involved.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the Chair, as a
favor, to repeat to the House what the understand-
ing was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the
House, that he had replied to an inquiry by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] that
the instruction would be divisible. And the
Speaker takes upon his own shoulders the whole
responsibility of the difficulty in which the gentle-
man is involved.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Can 1, under the cir-
cumstances of the case withdiaw the two sets of
instructions 1 offered, (i. e. the last two ?)
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. To what
portion of the instructions do you refer?
Mr. WENTWORTH. To those which I offered
under the decision of the Chair, that the instruc-
tions would be divisible.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
moved certain instructions, and then adopted cer-
tain modifications of them. The gentleman now
asks the unanimous consent of the House to with-
draw the modifications.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. INGE. I wish to know what the instruc-
tions are.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Wentworth.) Does
the gentleman desire to withdraw them ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. If the decision of the
Chair is to be sustained, the House should allow
me to withdraw them.
Objection was made.
Mr. GREEN, (to the Speaker.) Is it tbe de-
cision of the Chair that the various branches of
instructions may be separated ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that they
cannot be separated—that the whole question to
refer with instructions is indivisible.
Mr. BCJRT asked that the instructions might be
read, so that the House might know what they
were.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no difficulty
on that point. They are separate.and distinct.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
taken, and the vote stood—ayes 88, noes 76.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ? was taken,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 86;
as follow:
! YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Ba\lv, Bokee, Bowie, Bovvhn, Bre< k, Bnggs, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown, Buirows, Chester Butler, George A.
Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Ca^e>, Chandler, William-
son R. W. C« bb, Conger, Dt- beiry. Dimmtck, Disney,
Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Eliot, Ewing, Fuller,
• Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Gtcen, Grimic.ll, Hal!, Ham-
mond, Haralson, IsHitwi G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Ilay-
I rnond, Hebard, Hibbaid, Hillard, Iloaaland. Houston,
I Howard. Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, James* L.Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Geoige G. Knur. James G. King, Leftler,
Levin, Lutlefield, Job Mann, jYIarsnall, Mtsori, McDowell,
McGaughey, McKi&yock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Moore, Morehcad, Moiton,
Ogle, Outlaw, Parker, Pra?loe, Peck, Phoenix, Pitman,
Reynolds, Robhins, Rose, Rurru-ey, Sehermerhorn, Shep-
perd, Stanly. Frederick P. Stanton, Sweetser, Taylor,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Under-
bill, Vinton, Watdcn, Walking W< llborn, White,Wildrick,
Williams, Wi)s>on, and Young—101.
NAYS—Mesfrs. Alexander, Allen, Averett, Baker,
Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Burt, Thomas B. Butler,
Joseph Cable. Calvin. Campbell, Caitter, Olai ke, Clinginan,
Coloock, Cole, Corvvin, Crowell, Daniel, Diekev, Doty,
Durkee, Edmundson, Nathan Evans, Feathe.r^ton, Ftuh,
Fowler, Fre<3dley, Giddmgs, Gott, Gould, Harlan, Samp-
son W. Hams Hrnry, Hoiladay, Holmes, Howe, Hub-
bard, Inge, William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson,
Julian, John A. Ivmg, Pieston King, La Sere, Matteson,
MrClernand, McDonald, McQueen, McWillie, Mitlson,
Morris, Nelson, Newell, Orr, Otis, Phelps, PoweJi, Reed,
Richardson^ Rockwell, Root, Ross, Sackett, Savage, Saw-
telle, Soheuck, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Pprague,
Richard H.Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, StfU>on, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Van Dyke, Venable, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Wjgntworth, Whittlesey, and Woodward—m.
So the decision of the Chair that the motion
to commit with instructions was indivisible, was
sustained.
The question being upon agreeing to the motion
to commit with instructions—
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now ask, having
offered these instructions under these circumstan-
ces, being assured by the Chair that a separate
vote could be taken upon each of them—that I
have leave to withdraw two branches of the in-
structions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
asks the general consent of the House to with-
draw those branches of the instructions which he
has accepfed at the request of gentlemen and upon
the intimation of the Chair; so as to have the vote
taken upon his original instructions.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Does the gen-
tleman from Illinois withdraw his demand for the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Maryland, that the previous
question has been seconded and the main question
ordered, and a vote has been taken under the oper-
ation of it. In this state of the case it has been
decided by the House, upon an appeal, that the pre-
vious question cannot he reconsidered.
Mr. WENTWORTH renewed his appeal to
the justice and to the courtesy of the House, to
allow him to withdraw the modification which he
had accepted under such circumstances, and which,
under the change of decision of the Chair placed
him in an awkward position.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, objected.
Mr. McLANE, I ask if the House cannot re-
consider the vote by which the previous question
was ordered ?
The SPEAKER repeated, that, under the de-
cision of the House, it could not be reconsidered—
having been, in part, executed.
Mr. McLANE. Then 1 submit to the gentle-
man from Illinois, that while he is claiming this
courtesy of the House to relieve himself from the
awkward dilemma in which he feels himself to be
placed, if it were to be yielded a large proportion
of the House would—inasmuch as the second of
the previous question cannot be reconsidered—find
themselves in an equally embarrassing position.
Mr. Wentworth still remained upon the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that objection was
made, and the gentleman could not withdraw a part
of the instructions he had moved, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I must insist upon ray
right to withdraw them under the circumstances;
and if the Chair shall not grant me that right I shall
be obliged to anpeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
insists on his right under the rules to withdraw a
part of his instructions, and the Chair decides that
he has not the right. Prom that decision the gen-
tleman from Illinois appeals, and the question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?"
Mr. McL-ANE. I beg leave to ask whether the
practice of the House had not been contrary to
that claimed by the gentleman from Illinois ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of but one
case in point. In that case it was decided that a
gentleman could not modify his amendment.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
! stand as the judgment of the House? was taken,
i and decided in the affirmative-
I The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
! Wentworth to commit with instructions,
1 The instructions were again-read.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. As the other questions of
j order made have been decided, I wish to inquire if
the question is not divisible, so as to vote upon
; the reference of the bill without the instructions.
: I make the point that tl\e question can be so di-
! vided.
The House may commit the bill and amend-
ments, and afterwards tefuse to instruct tbe com-
mittee.
The SPEAKERoverruled the point of order for
the reasons previously stated, and decided that the
motion to commit with the instructions must be
put as one quesiion, and was not divisible.
A word or two of conversation followed on this
