664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
position, that I can neither vote the one way nor
the other. I am in favor of admitting California
into the Union; I am opposed to the formation of
a territorial government in any shape or form.
And what shall I do, Mr. President, in that case ?
Shall I do as a roan in my country once did when
he was indicted for a libel, plead "partly guilty,
and partly not guilty ?" I was once placed in a
situation somewhat analogous to that. It wa,s
when the bill was introduced into the House of
Representatives recognizing the war with*Mexico;
a bill with a preamble. The preamble was:
" Whereas by the act of the Republic of Mexico,
' a state of war exists between that Government
'and the United States." And then the bill went
on to provide for the relief of General Taylor and
his army. N.ow I was perfectly willing to relieve
General Taylor anil his army, but 1 was called
upon to say yea or nay to this bill. I did not be-
lieve in the truth of the preamble. I thought the
war had originated from another cause than the
act of the Republic of Mexico. But this bill
wound up in its preamble a declaration as to the
cause of war, while at the same time there was
nothing in the bill but a provision for the relief
of General Taylor and his army. I voted against
the preamble, but 1 could not get it expunged
from the bill; and what was the predicament I
was placed in ? Why, although I entered my pro-
test against the preamble, 1 was obliged to vote for
the bill. [Laughter.] Now, that is exactly the
predicament in which you will place honorable
Senators here who are as thoroughly opposed to
the passage of any territorial bill as I am. I do
not know how many gentlemen coincide with me
in that view of the subject. There is another class
of gentlemen who are in favor of a territorial bill,
bat who will endeavor to introduce into that bill
what is usually denominated the " Wilmot pro-
viso." Now, it is proposed to bring both these
subjects—the admission of California and terri-
torial governments—into the same bill, and to call
upon gentlemen to say "yea" or "nay" to the
entire bill. This I regard as a perfect outrage bn
the sound and proper principles of legislation. I
utterly deny that the two subjects can be properly
united m the same bill. And when it is known
here that we have nothing more to do than to bring
these questions to a vote, let them be read at the
table, and we may pass over them in half an hour,
and by considerable majorities too.
But I understand the honorable Senator from
Kentucky to intimate that there may be something
in the nature of a riot at the other end of the Capi-
tol; that gentlemen opposed to the admission of
California may, under color of the rules of the
House, by calling the yeas and nays, get up an
insurrection in that body, and thus delay the ad-
mission of California into the Union; arid there-
fore the honorable Senator says, we should unite
these two questions in one bill. And yet, after
fuurmonths of delay here, and interminable debate,
it is proposed to have another reference, to put
into the hands of a compromise committee two
bills to be formed into one. And for what pur-
pose? It is very obvious to all the country. It
has reference to a supposed state of things in the
House of Representatives, because we nan come
to an understanding of the matter at once here. It
is not, then, for the sake of the Senate; it is not
because we have any difficulty on the subject, but
because it is apprehended that there may be some
difficulty m the other wing of the Capitol. I do
not know whether there will or not. I have no
reason to suppose that there will be. I believe
that they will come to a conclusion on the subject,
and most likely to one in accordance with the
views of the Senate. But suppose they should
not do so. Suppose we put these two propo-
sitions into one bill, and the House of Repre-
sentatives should do what they have already done
before, engiafc the Wilmot proviso into it, what
are we to do? The House of Kepresentatives
is placed in the same position as we are; a part
of the members of the House are for admitting
California, and a part of the same members are
utterly opposed to the formation of territorial
governments without introducing into them the
Wilmot proviso. It does seem to me that, of all
contrivances, this one of.uniting these two sub-
jects in one bill will involve us in the most inter-
minable confusion. It may give rise to difficul-
ties between the two Houses; for I say the object :
is to constrain members to vote one way or the J
other. I want to know what kind of legislation
this is. I understand the distinguished Senator
from Michigan to say that one of hese bills might
not pass by itself, but that united they will both
pass. That is the object of this proposition. It
)s to compel members who are in a minority on
the territorial question to vote for a measure to
which they are opposed. As 1 have already said,
I am opposed to the formation of territorial gov-
ernments, but if combined with the admission of
California, I do not know what course 1 shall pur-
sue. As it is certain that the California bill can
pass Here, and as it is equally certain that the ter-
ritorial bill can pass, 1 am at a loss to conceive
why we are called upon to bring in this complex
proposition. I venture to predict here now that
the whole thing will fail; and it will, and ought to
be, involved in irretrievable confusion. I desire
to see no such scheme succeed here or elsewhere.
It is not a proper mode of legislation. We ought
not to have things mixed up so that no human
being on earth can tell whether to say yes or no
when the question is put to him. I regard this as
a disreputable mode of proceeding. 1 will not call
in question the motives of any Senator; but, sitting
here as we have done, day after day and week
after week for months, having learned what is the
opinion of the Senate, that California will be ad-
mitted by a large majority, and that a considerable
majority may be anticipated in favor of the terri-
torial bills, it is a matter of considerable surprise
to me that at this late hour of the day we should
be called upon to recommit them, in reference to
something which may spring up in the other end
of the Capitol.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to detain the Senate
by any remarks. I only desire to appeal to the
Senator from Illinois, that he will not press his
motion to take up the California bill at this late
hour, and under the present circumstances. I wish
to state the grounds on which I make this appeal.
It is well known that the country has met with a
serious loss in the decease of the honorable Sena-
tor from South Carolina. His place is not yet
supplied, but is to be, as 1 learn, in a day or
two, and one of the Senators from Georgia we
know has been the subject of a severe misfortune
within the last forty-eight hours, and is now on
his way to his distant lesidence, to attend the re-
mains of his wife to the place ol their intended
interment, whilst the other Senator from Georgia
is absent alho, on indispensable business, as I un-
derstand. My own colleague is sick in his cham-
ber, and when 1 saw him this morning he tola me
he was too unwell to participate in our action.
One of the Senators from Virginia is not now pres-
ent to give his vote on this question, which we
must all regard as a test question. The honorable
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] who is
with us who oppose this motion, and feels a deep
interest with regard to it, is not here; though if
necessary he can be here within forty-eight hours.
In addition, I will state that the honorable Senator
fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sturgeon,] who I know
is with us, is now out of his place, but is expected
to arrive to-day. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, too, [Mr. Webster,] I am au-
thorized to say, also intends to vote against this
amendment; but he is also for the moment absent.
Now here are eight votes which I know would be
thrown against this amendment, which cannot on
the present occasion he counted. I theiefore ap-
peal to the sense of justice, and the magnanimity
of the Senator from Illinois, whether he will press
the consideration of this question under these cir-
cumstances?
Before I yield the floor, 1 wish to make a re-
mark or two in reply to the Senator from Con-
necticut. I shall not, as on a former occasion, say
that the Senator from Connecticut has set himself
up as the censor mormn of this body. I am not
particularly sensitive as to his opinion with regard
to my proposition to raise a committee, nor am 1
deeply chagrined at his considering it an improper
motion, unjustifiable and wrong. I say I am not
sensitive on this matter. I am willing that the ;j
public should settle the question of propriety.
While I am sustained by such men as the lllus- j
trious Senatois from Kentucky and Michigan, [
and others whom I could name, who have already !
expressed themselves approvingly, I am not afraid j
that my reputation, or whatever of personal die- !
nity I may possess, will suffer under the acrimo- I
nious censures so thunderingly uttered by the J
Senator from Connecticut. But the Senator has
been unfortunate, or rather the Administration has
been unfortunate, to-day. 1 have said before, that
it was the most unfortunate Administration I ever
knew in one respect. I have heretofore complained
that it was represented on this floor by such per-
sons, and in such a manner, as to conciliate the
sympathies even of its adversaries. 1 have felt
from the heginning of the session, and I feel now
more than ever, a strong sentiment of commisera-
tion for those in power, on account of the un-
skillful and murderous advocacy which is from
time tp time practiced here by certain of its pro-
fessed friends. Sir, I have heard eloquent and
accomplished men in the other wing of the Capi-
tol, gentlemen who are supporters of this Admin-
istiation, declare that this non action policy is not
the policy actually adopted by the President and his
Cabinet; and leading papers devoted to its interest
have asserted.the same thing, if I mistake not. Yet,
on this occasion, a gentleman, supposed by some,
but perhaps unjustly, to sustain peculiar relations
with the Administration—relations of special con-
fidence—rises up in his place and boldly asserts
his approbation of this non-action policy; which I
really hope, and I may almost say 1 believe, if it
was ever entertained by the Administration, has
been from patriotic and praiseworthy motives some
time since given up. It is a policy which—I say
it without any intention of disrespect to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut—is, in my judgment, the
most absurd, the most ridiculous, the most un-
statesmanlike, yea, the most contemptible in ail
respects that was ever attempted to be advocated
by any Administration or any legislative body in
Christendom; a policy which would leave the
vexed questions of the period which have so seri-
ously endangered the Union, open for an indefinite
time, for the benefit of selfish demagogues, whose
consequence is dependent alone upon their means
of disturbing the body politic, and breaking up
the peace and concord of the country. Sir, what
I said the other day I believe now; and I think I
have strong proof of it. 1 hope, sir, that it is not
forgotten that I warned Senators that if the Cali-
fornia bill should be passed anterior to the territo-
rial bill, there would be men in both houses of
Congress who would fall back on the non-action
policy, and say, "California is admitted now, we
will not act on. the territorial bills at all; we will
wait till New Mexico and Utah are ready to claim
admission as States into the Union, and then we
will admit them." I uttered this warning the
other day, when some supposed, doubtless, that I
gave utterance to apprehension on this point with-
out authority. But, sir, I have now ample au-
thority for what I said. When attest question
like the one under consideration arises, a Senator
comes forward as the special champion of the Ad-
ministration and undertakes in his place 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
opinion that this is out of order.
Mr. FOOTE. What is out of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Applying to the
Senator the term "advocate or representative of
the Administration."
Mr. FOOTE. I did not say "advocate" or
"representative;" I said champion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that it is out of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I will, to save time, recall the
word champion, then, though 1 do not thmk it out
of order, and say "advocate." I hope it is not
criminal to advocate the Administration, or un-
parliamentary to allude to such advocacy. [Laugh-
ter.] I say that a Senator who has been publicly
recognised as the especial friend of the Adminis-
tration; who is on terms of confidential intercourse
with the Administration; who seems to consider
himself as authorized to speak in defence of the
Administration; has come forward on this occa-
sion and formally, zealously, emphatically, delib-
erately, and almost in an ex ecclesia manner, de-
clared himself the advocate of the non-action
policy, and in a manner well calculated to engen-
der suspicion in the public mind as to his being
authorized by the Administration to speak for it
upon this delicate point. Now, sir, 1 hope that
the Administration will clear itself speedily of this
suspicion; that it will delay no longer in denounc-
ing this miserable policy of non-action, and that it
will not permit itself to be longer misunderstood
in this respect. This is no time for patriots, in
or out of office, to be dealing in mystery or non-
