1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66$
committalism, and those*who have power and do
not use it, and use it efficiently too, for the resto-
ration of public quiet and for the preservation of
the peace and fraternal concord of the nation, will
be justly denounced by all posterity as the worst
enemies of the Republic. Observe, sir, if you
please, that I have not charged non-action to be
really the policy of the Administration. I hold it
unjust and injurious to do so. I will never bring
accusations against any man or any party that 1 am
not able to sustain by evidence satisfactory; and
no one will be more highly gratified than I shall
be at the honorable Senator from, Connecticut's
finding himself wholly unsustained by those for
whom he seems to speak in reference to this whole
matter of non-action. A few days will determine
this point.
Now, I beg leave again to appeal to the Senator
from Illinois whether, under all the circumstances
of this case, he will persevere in pressing his mo-
tion to lay on the table. I appeal to him to allow
me, in lieu of this motion to lay on the table, to
offer a motion to postpone the further consider-
ation of the subject until half-past twelve o'clock
on Thursday next. If he prefers making this
motion himself, I will give way to him; otherwise,
with his consent, I will make it. I suppose that
the debate has now elosed; and, as the honorable
Senator seems to assent to my suggestion, I will
move accordingly that the subject be postponed
till half-past twelve o'clock on Thursday.
Mr. CHASE. 1 call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not respond to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, because the question of
postponement does not prevent us from deciding
this question in the mean time. 1 do not see that
the " yeas and na.ys" will affect the matter. The
question may be taken up to-morrow.
Mr. CHASE. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. FOOTE. I make the motion on the under-
standing that the debate is now closed, and with
the view of having this motion acted upon on
Thursday, at half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have nothing to say upon
this subject. To-morrow I wish to proceed with
the deficiency bill. It may be disposed of during
the morning hour. I hope we shall be able to dis-
pose of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps the Senate will in-
dulge me m making a single remark. 1 know the
importance of the deficiency bill and the census
bill; but I feel also the importance of proceeding
with the California bill from this time forward.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that the vote on the motion of the
Senator from Mississippi will settle the question
whether the Senate will proceed to the immediate
consideration of the California bill or not.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire if we have not
a special order for to-morrow?
Mr. DICKINSON. We had one for half-past
twelve to-day, which was overrode.
Mr. HALE. I understand that the census bill
is the special order for to-morrow, and we all know
the perseverance with which the Senator from
Massachusetts will adhere to his claim to have that
considered.
Mr. DICKINSON. I did not urge the special
order of to-day—the deficiency bill—at half-past
twelve, because I saw the audience that had gath-
ered to hear the remarks of the Senator frornjMis-
souri. The same case will not occur to morrow,
and I shall urge the taking up of the deficiency bill
in preference to the census bill or anything else.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say that, in withdraw-
ing the call for the yeas and nays, I did not do so
with any understanding that the consideration of
the California bill is to be postponed till Thursday
next. I did so with the understanding that the
Senator from Illinois will call it up to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Though I may feel called
upon to take up the consideration of the matter to-
morrow, I am not at liberty to say that 1 would
press a test question to a vote.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing the question now, but to say,
that as the vote which I shall give on the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi may be sus-
ceptible of misunderstanding without explanation,
I propose, when the bill shall be before the Senate
on Thursday, to give my reasons for that vote.
The question was then taken on th« motion to
postpone, and it was agreed to.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned'.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 9, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ASHE moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the bill reported yesterday by Mr.
Potter, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, for the relief of the Wilmington
and Raleigh railroad, had been referred the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The motion was entered upon the Journal, to be
taken up after another motion to reconsider, now
pending, should have been disposed of.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked leave
to present certain resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Mississippi; the first, relating to aid
towards the construction of the Ohio railroad,
which he desired to have referred to the Committee
on Public Lands; and the second, in favor of
granting bounty lands to the soldiers of the war
of 1812 with Great Britain; which last he desired
to have referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CONGER said he objected; and he gave
notice that he should object to the reception of all
resolutions of this character until the resolutions
of the State of New Yoik had been disposed of.
Mr. THOMPSON. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conger] object to the reception
of these resolutions'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, by unanimous
consent of the House, submitted a motion that the
report accompanying the case of E. D. McKinney
be recommitted to the Committeeon Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
Mr. BURT, under instructions, he said, from
the committee heretofore appointed to investigate
this matter, reported the following resolution;
which was adopted;
Resolved, Thdt the select committee to investigate the
conduct of Geoige VV. Crnvvtord, Secretary of" War, ui
connection with the Galplmi claim, have leave to sit during
the sessions of the Houae unul their duues shall have been
performed.
Mr. GERRY rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for the orders of
the day.
Mr. GERRY said, he had been detained some
time from his seat in the House by indisposition,
and had not, therefore, had it in his power to pre-
sent, when the Committees were called, certain
reports which he was instructed to make bv the
Committee on Naval Affairs. He hoped the
House would give him the opportunity to present
them now.
Mr. WENTWORTH adhering to his motion—
The SPEAKER said, that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] objected to anything
out of the regular order of business.
AMERICAN WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished
business of the morning hour to be the motion
heretofore made to reconsider the vote by which
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs had been referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and on
this motion (the Speaker said) the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER awarded it to him.
Mr. HARRIS said: Mr. Speaker, it is time
that there should be some action by this House
upon these resolutions. The season for sowing
hemp has arrived, and it is time that those who
contemplate raising it for the use of the navy,
should know how to direct their labor in regard
to it.
I little supposed, when these resolutions were
introduced from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that they would elicit so much debate and excite so
much feeling as they have. I then supposed that
this committee of this House, composed of gentle-
men of talents and expeuence from all parts of the
Union, had fairly considered the whole matter
with reference to the interests of the navy and the
interests of the country; and that having reported
the result of their deliberations to the House, it
would receive a favorable consideration. I y that
report I am willing to stand.
I do not intend to enter into a lengthy arguroeftt
concerning the validity or legality of the bid of the
individual named in the resolutions of the com-
mittee. I will, however, state what appears to me
to be the matter in controversy. By an advertise-
ment from the Navy Department, of date March
1st, 1849, in pursuance of a joint resolution of
Congress, of May 9,1848, sealed proposals were
invited " for delivering, under contract, for a term
1 not exceeding five years, the best quality of
' American water-rotted hemp, in quantities of five
' tons and upwards—the ton to consist of 2,240
' pounds." The resolution under which the pro-
posals were invited, is as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, autlmrizi d, if, in Ins opinion, il will be advanta-
gp.ous lo tlie public interest, to make contracts tor anj term
not exceeding five years, lor tlie puichase of American
water-rotted hemp, for the use ol die Unitrd States ftavj :
Provided, the same can be had of equal quality with the
best foreign hemp, and at a puce not eAceedmg the average
price of such hump for the last five year^j the inspection
and delivery to he at the place of purchase."
What was the design of this resolution ? It
was not to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase hemp by contract—that au thonty already
existed; nay, it was imperative on the Secretary
of the Navy to make such purchases by contract;
for by the act of March 3d, 1843, it is provided,
" that all provisions and clothing, hemp, and other
4 materials of every name and nature* for the use
* of the navy, and the transportation theieof, when
' time will permit, shall hereafter be furnished by
' contract, to the lowest bidder." It was not, then,
the object of the resolution to provide lor furnish-
ing the hemp by contract—that provision aheady
existed by law; but it was, to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy u to make contracts for any term
' not exceeding five years, for the purchase of Arner-
1 ican water-rotted hemp. " This was the sole ob-
ject of that resolution. It had been iound, or was
supposed to have been found, by experience, that
contracts from year to year would not procure
the supply needed. It was therefore suggested by
Mr. Secretary Mason, in a letter to Colonel Ben-
ton, that he should be enabled to make contracts
for a series of years. Here is the letter:
Navy Department, February 23, 1848.
Sir: At the request of Mr. Billings, ot Missouu, in
whom you take* an interest, I have the honor to eneioje
you fiom the Kureau of Uoiivtruction, Equipment, and
.Repairs, a statement showing Jheavei.ige prices paid fur
foreign and Amenean heirip by tins depatlmem, duuugthe
period ot six year*, from 1842 to lb43.
The tesh, to which hemprotfed onMr. Billings -principle
have neen ^uftjected, are in itsfavor over the impoHedhem/n.
I have given him a memorandum showing that urnltr exj&i-
ing Jaws, Ike department has nut ike jioivcr to make the
arrangement which he propose*, by which his hemp uould be
taken at a price oj two hundred and ten dollars per ton for a
serin of years. Wouhl theie be objection to conler the
power by joint resolution ?
Believing that hi*, improvement m the proceas of prepar-
ing for u*-e one ot tlie mo-t important of American staples,
I believe (hat the public interest, and especially the inter-
est of the navy, will he prom "ted by the lull development
of his plan--, and that the urms propo.-ed aie not uniea-
sonable. I have tlie honor to he, with high reject, your
obedienl servant, J. Y. MASON.
Hon. Thomas H. Benton, United Slates Senate.
The joint resolution was the fruit of the Secre-
tary's suggestion. It was introduced into the
Senate by Col. Benton, and passed by ayes 28,
noes 10. In this House it appears to have pa&sed
without opposition. It was called up, I believe,
by my predecessor, and was introduced by Mr. T.
Butler King, then chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee, and who, if rumor be true, has some
prospect of occupying a position which will enable
him to give effect to his lesolution. Mr. King
was its advocate. I wished to read a portion of his
remaks upon the question, for they seem to me
conclusive; but upon sending for a copy of the
Congressional Globe containing them, I am told,
there is not a copy in this end of the building.
Having determined the origin of the system of
making contracts for a term of years, I come now
to the action of the department under that sys-
tem. On the 1st of March, 1849, the Secretary
issued a notice, by public advertisement, inviting
bids for water-rotted hemp on the terms and con-
ditions specified in the notice. On the faith of
this notice, bids were made, and the only question
to be consideied was, whetiiei the bid of Billings
was the lowest legal bid. That is the question.
