1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
made a valuable discovery applicable to the naval
service, and asking that its value and practicability
may be tested; from H. B. Babcock, asking Con-
gress to purchase his patent-right for a a new anti-
friction metalic compound for the use of the Gov-
ernment; and from Ralph Bulkley, asking an
appropriation to test his method of extinguishing
fire, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of all the above memorials; which was
agreed to.
ELECTRO CHRONOGRAPH.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, addressed to the chairman of
said committee, accompanied by a report of Pro-
fessor John Locke, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on the
subject of an electro chronograph constructed for
the use of the National Observatary at Washing-
ton, recommending that the same be printed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not un-
derstand the Senator. Does he adopt this book
as the report of the committee, and ask that it be
printed ?
Mr. YULEE. I said that the committee had
directed me to bring the report to the notice of the
Senate, and recommend its printing. It is a report
prepared under an act of Congress. I suppose
the motion is to print it.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate print the
book as recommended by the committee?
Mr. DAWSON. I should really like to hear
something aboiU it, that I may know what 1 am
voting on. ®
Mr. YULEE. I stated, if the Senator had been
listening, that, by an act of Congress, an appro-
priation was made for the construction of an elec-
tro chronograph, invented by Professor Locke, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, for the use of the National Observ-
atory. It has been constructed, and this is the report
from Mr. Locke in reference to the particulars of
that construction, which the Department of the
Navy have recommended to us, with a request
that the Senate would direct that it be printfd.
The Naval Committee have examined the matter,
and, believing it to be deserving of preservation,
have recommended to the Senate that it be printed.
The motion, then, is to print.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy read. He
does not request the printing.
The Secretary read the letter from the Secretary
of the Navy to the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. It is as follows ;
" At ihe request of IVifosot Jolm Locke, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, I haw the honor lo transmit a copy of his report on
the invention and construction of his electro-chronogmph
tor the Nminnal Observatory at Washington, in pursuance
of ' an act of Congress, making appropriations for the naval
service,' approved March 3, 1844. It is the desire of tile
inventor that this report may be printed under the authority
or' Congiess."
Mr. FELCH. I wish to inquire whether tha
motion to print does not go to the Committee on
Printing ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is very much
in doubt whether it does or not. The report of
one committee does not generally go to another
committee.
Mr. YULEE. As a matter of form, reports are
made either orally or in writing. I reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs orally, with this
document, and they recommend that it be printed.
If the Senate concur in that report, the document
will be printed. I talce it there is no necessity for
a further reference.
Mr. ATCHISON. The report of the commit-
tee is one thing, and the recommendation to print
this document is another. If the verbal report
made by the Senator is to be printed, I have no
objection; but as to the printing of the document,
1 prefer that that question should go to the Com-
mittee on Printing, where, I believe, we ought to
send it, to have their opinion.
Mr.' YULEE. I will merely say that this doc-
ument comes from the committee to which it was
appropriately referred with the recommendation of
that committee that it should be printed. If the
Senate prefers to send it to another committee, of
course I shall not resist it; but it seems to me that
the representation of one committee should be suf-
^°The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that, in reporting in favor of printing
the document, the committee have adopted it as
part of their report. Unless it was so adopted, it
cannot be ordered to be printed without going to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ATCHISON. If that be the decision of
the Chair, I should like the Senator from Florida,
who has examined this matter, to state to us the
substance and merits of the document, that we
may understand the necessity for printing it. For
my own part, I know nothing about it. It seems
to be a large document, and I should like the Sen-
ator to explain the necessity for -printing the doc-
ument for the use of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. Perhaps I should best accom-
modate the Senator by calling for the reading of
Mr Locke's report. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. I move to refer this matter to
the Committee on Printing, that they may give it
another examination. The Senator will probably
find that that is the best course; for, if the vote
is taken on the question of printing now, I think
it would be rejected. Theie are various special
orders, amongst them a report from the Committee
on Military Affaics, which is important, and
ought to have been acted on a week or ten days
ago, and the morning hour is always consumed m
discussions of this kind, and I move to refer the
question of printing this document to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
THE CHINA TREATY.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the resolution which I send to the Chair be eon-
sideied now:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so
much of the act of Congress approved August 1 i, 1848, as
extends the jurisdiction ot the commissioner and eonaui
iu China to iVJaeco."
I wish merely to state that when the bill was
passed carrying into execution the treaties with
China and the Ottoman Forte, the jurisdiction
which was given to the commissioner and consul
to China was extended to Macao—not, however,
without considerable doubt at the time it was
done. But it was found, on examination, that
the English had done it, and it was done by u*
rather because of that precedent than anything
else. It is well known to you and the other mem-
bers of the Senate that the Portuguese claim to
exercise chief jurisdiction there; but it was sup-
posed that there was some mixed authority to
which it would apply. The Portuguese, how-
ever, complain of it as an invasion of their juris-
diction, without any nght under the treaty; and
since the commissioner has returned I have had
a conversation with him, and he thinks it desirable,
by all means, that so much of the act as relates
to that subject should be repealed. I think it
ought, and 1 simply desire to have the matter re>-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, so that
their attention may be 'turned to it, and some
measures taken to have so much of the act re-
pealed. There has been no action under it at all.
There being no objection, the resolution was
then considered and adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have another
resolution connected with the same subject, on
which I as>k the action of the Senate at this time;
il Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate the report of the
commissioner to China, inadt m pursuance of the provis-
ions of the act to carry into effect certain provisions of the
tieatif s between the United States and China ami the Otto-
man Porte,giving certain judicial power, &c.. and any other
information which lie may possess concerning the execution
of that law."
There being no objection, the resolution was
then considered and adopted.
BILL ON LEAVE.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate, in the ab-
sence of his colleague, [Mr. Clemens,] asked and
obtained the unanimous consent of the Senate, to
introduce a bill granting the right of way, and
making a donation of land to the State of Ala-
bama, in aid of the construction of the Tennessee,
Mississippi and Alabama railroad; which was
read a first and second time by us title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department, during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1851, came up on its third
reading.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which this bill was ordered to be
and read a third time. The Senator from Florida
[Mr. Yulee] offered an amendment'yesterday,
which was carried just as the Senate adjourneg.
On going to the Post Office this morning, to in-
quire in regard to its effect, in the estimation of
that department, I fortunately met the Senator
himself there, and on conferring with the officer
having charge of this branch of the service, the
Senator concurred with me in the opinion that his
amendment did not attain exactly the object that
he had in view, and that it went further than he
intended; and an amendment was therefore drawn,
which meets the views of the Senator, and which
I think right and proper, and can assent to, and I
hope the Senate will adopt it without further de-
bate.
I will, therefore, move to reconsider the en-
grossment, with a view to enable the Senator from
Florida to move to reconsider his amendment, and
modify it.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is now open for
amendment.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose the proper course
now for me, as one of the majority, is to move
a reconsideration of the vote adopting the amend-
ment offered by me yeBterday. In explanation, I
will slate that the leading purpose with me yes-
terday, was to secure to the naval service of the
country the benefits originally contemplated, which
I thought, from the course the appropriation was
taking, would not be the case. 1 have agreed
upon an amendment which^will accomplish the
purpose I have in view, and which will protect the
public interests in that respect. Therefore, i move
that the Senate reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was adopted yesterday, with a view
of substituting fur it one which I will send to the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
reconsidering the vote adopting the following pro-
viso:
u Provided, That the terms of the contract o< 2d February,
J847, shall he fully conformed to, except to r a • the same
were modified by the orders of the Postman Gen -cal, made
on the 18th ot Maieh, 1847, and the 2U of M. iCtl, It^y."
The motion to reconsider was agrei d to.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senate adopt the
amendment? If it is rejected, the section of the
bill will be open for amendment.
Mr. YULEE. My amendment is intended as
a substitute for the proviso.
The PRESIDENT. It must first be rejected,
or the amendment cannot be offered,
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope it will be rejected,
and the amendment to be proposed be adopted.
There is no objection to it ori the part of the de-
partment, and it is undoubtedly proper.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was'rejeeted.
Mr. YULEE. I now propose to amend the
bill by inserting the following, in lieu of what has
just been stricken out:
" Provided, That ttie steamships to Havre shall be con-
structed according to the requ reinents of the act of March,
3,1&45, providing for the tirfUMiiis&MUi of the mails betw« eu
the United Suits and foreign counti ies, and &haJJ peifotrn*
the mail .-eivice with the speed r< quired in the contract of
the 2d February, 3847 ; and that the two st< auit>hips to Bie-
men shall, from and after the 1st June, 1^-50, enmph in all
respects with the ri qturemerits of said act of 1845, and shall
perform the mad strvice with the speed rtqutrcd by the
contract aforesaid."
Mr. YULEE. I willstate, in explanation, that
the two Bremen ships now in operation do not con-
form with the contract m lespect to speed It was
contracted that they should have a speed gieater
ihan that of the Ounard line, but inasmuch as they
were the first vessels, and might be considered as
experimental, it is not proposed to enforce the
forfeiture which the terms of the contract would
subject them to, but to tequire them to be replaced
by vessels of better construction after the expira-
| tion of the original contract for five years, which
wiil be in 1852. But the Havre line is required at
once to conform to the requirements of the con-
tract, and to be built accoidmg to the terms of the
act of 1845, under the direction of the Navy De-
partment, and to be accepted by that department
as vessels suited for war purposes. With these
objects secured, I think that so far as that branch
of the public service is connected with them, it
will be protected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I should like
to know how that will operate, for I believe that
one of these ships is afloat now.
