1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Mr. HARRIS, (resuming.) I think I under-
stand it. It is very possible some of these sales
have been by factors; and if so, they desire to
continue factors. But of sixty-three items of
purchase,-it has been discovered that some six or
seven were made of hemp-growers; and this is
the vast benefit which the producers of hemp are
deriving from this system.
But, sir, it is said, that under the contract sys-
tem the producer is injured. Can any hemp reach
the contractor but what first comes from the pro-
ducer, unless, indeed, the contractor is himself the
producer? Gentlemen are entitled to the glory of
having discovered that hemp can be produced
without a producer; or, that when a contractor
furnishes it, the producer has no interest in it
whatever. Has not the producer as much inter-
est in selling to a contractor as to a speculator ?
How does the Government procure all the supplies
for the army and navy? Why, by contract. And
yet these gentlemen seem to suppose, that because
the beef, pork, flour, rice, and other necessaries,
are obtained by the Government by contract,
the producer has nothing to do with it. They
seem to suppose, that if hemp is procured by con-
tract, it will be grown without growers and be pro-
duced without producers. This all goes to show
that this is an age of progress. Now whatclearer
proof can there be, that if one who is not 8 grower
makes the contracts, he must depend upon the
grower entirely for his hemp, and to fulfill his
contract he will be compelled to pay whatever the
producer may ask ? Indeed, the producer in such
case can fix his own price for his hemp.
But the gentlemen wish an open market with-
out contracts. What would be the effect of this?
Why everything would depend upon the caprice
of the agent, who would buy bad hemp of his own
pets and favorites, and at their own prices. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] denounced
the contract system terribly, and intimated that
these propositions were carried on by electioneer-
ing. I would like to know if any electioneering
scheme could be devised equal to that of having a
pack of Government agents to start off, making
purchases of whom they pleased, without restraint?
Would there be no electioneering here? Wot a
man could sell to the agents but such as were in
favor either with the agent, or the Administration
under which he was acting. Suppose the contracts
forall the governmental purchases were abandoned,
and everything procured by open purchase, does
not every man see that purchases would be gov-
erned by favoritism? Indeed, what a tremen-
dous engine of electioneering and of curruption
would it become!—five or ten millions of dollars
annually placed in the hands of partisans—reck-
less partisan politicians—to be used by them in
making the various purchases of the Government,
with the power and the right to discriminate be-
tween different citizens, and to take their choice of
whom purchases are to be made. In my .judg-
ment, such a system would be the most fearful
project for fraud ever conceived, and for one, I
am utterly opposed to it in this instance, in all
instances, and forever. ^
Mr. BOWLIN, (Mr.-Harris yielding the
floor.) Does the gentleman from Illinois intend to
represent me as desiring to introduce this change
for electioneering purposes ?
Mr. HAKR1S. By no means, sir; by no means.
I impute to him no such intention. But the change
from the contract system to that of open purchase,
I do say, leads to the worst and most odious
scheme of electioneering. If you make open pur-
chase of hemp, why not of everything else?
Plant Government agents in every Slate and county
to purchase everything which the Government re-
quires, and authorize them to purchase of whom
they please, and who would sell but the pet or
favorite of the agent, or the pet or favorite of the
Administration under which he acted ? It would
be a scheme not only for pipe laying, but yarn-
spinning—a scheme for electioneering abomina-
tions so"gross and revolting that I will not believe
the Secretary of the Navy entertained any such
project, nor do I believe any gentleman would
entertain it if its tendencies had been properly con-
sidered. .
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] has
made two long speeches upon this question, but I
have not been able to discover what it is that he
wants, except these open market purchases, and
a destruction of the contract system, i do not
believe, sir, if the gentleman had fairly considered
the tendency of his proposition, he would have
urged it. But the gentleman is from St. Louis,
and her merchants, I have no doubt, would like the
business of furnishing hemp for the Government.
1 had supposed the district of the gentleman
was not remarkable for hemp-growing, and that
what was produced there, was not water-rotted. I
am therefore led to suppose that the merchants of
St. Louis had some hand in this matter. Let this
proposed policy be established, and these mer-
chants will sell nineteen-twentieths of all the water-
rotted hemp at that point to the hemp agent. By
trade and traffic, they will secure it in their own
hands and turn it over to the agent. They will be
the ones that will pocket the profits. They are
great believeis m the profits, if not in the first and
second Moses; and such a policy as the gentleman
advocates will constitute them the speculating
monopolists of that article of produce to the entire
extent of the agency purchases in that city. It
would be a great improvement indeed, when, under
the cry of" open market" and " benefit to produ-
cers," the market is delivered over into the hands
of speculators, and the producers to the tender
mercies of the St. Louis hemp merchants. It is
vain to suppose, that with two hemp agents in the
valley of the Mississippi, the producers who live
hundreds of miles from either, and many of them
producing but a few tons or hundred pounds, will
march off to the hemp agent to strike a bargain with
him. They will do no such thing. They will either
raise their hemp for some contractor, or will raise
it as they raise their corn, wheat, beef, pork, rice or
tobacco—for thegeneral markets, when it will take
its direction according to the demands for it, pre-
cisely as other articles of produce. It is just as
reasonable to suppose the producers of hemp will
or must depend on the purchases of the navy
agents, as that producers of any other article of
necessity for the navy will depend upon it. The
! gentleman fioin Missouri says, that it will be
I giving the contractor a monopoly of the hemp
trade. How a monopoly ? The resolutions of the
committee only propose to give a contract of three
hundred tons, while there would still lemam three
hundred tons to be provided by other contracts,
or by private purchase. The amount of hemp
annually produced in the United States, is esti-
mated at forty thousand tons; thus leaving thirty-
nine thousand four hundred tons over and above
what is required for the navy, and thirty-nine thou-
sand seven hundred tons over and above what
would be provided for in the proposed contract.
Besides this, the amount of three hundred tons
left open for purchase in the open market, is a
larger quantity of American water-rotted hemp
tharywas ever purchased by the department in any
one year, except 1848, according to the tables fur-
nished us. And 1 must say, that I have no expec-
tation that this amount required for the navy will
ever be increased. The substitution of steam
will probably prevent the increase of demand for
navy purposes.
Now, sir, a few words in regard to the increase
of test proposed. I am by no means stienuous
on this point, although I think there are reasons
in favor of raising it above what it now is, and
there are some reasons against it. The average
test for a rope of one and three-quarter inch in
circumfeience, of the best foreign, comes up to
only forty-two hundred pounds; while the average
of the best American hemp comes up to forty-four
hundred pounds. This is shown in the letter of
Mr. Cuban, which I have already cited. It ap-
pears also by a statement of Mr. Smith, hemp
agent at St. Louis, that the average strength in
fourteen tests of hemp delivered by the American
Hemp Company, was 4,(ib3 5-10 pounds, show-
ing a superiority over the average of foreign hemp
of 483 5-10 pounds. This proves conclusively to
my mind, that if we raise the test of our hemp,
the foreign will never be able to compete with it.
I believe our farmers can bring all our water-
rotted hemp to the standard of t'oiiy-three hundred
pounds; and as the average foreign, endures a test
of but forty-two hundred pounds, if we restrict
the navy purchases to a higher test than the for-
eign article will bear, we must certainly give the
entire market to our own product.
In looking to the objects of this resolution we
should, while endeavoring to procure the best arti-
cle of hemp for the navy, so shape it as to give
for that object the maiket, small as the amount
is, to our own producers. If we raise the test for
the navy, we accomplish both objects; we furnish
the navy with the best possible article, with
which the foreign cannot compete; we throw the
entire business of raising that hemp into the
hands of our own farmers, and in the end, procure
it at a less price than we have been paying for im-
ported hemp. This high quality of'hemp, furnish-
ed by the American Hemp Company, was raised
mostly in my own district; and 1 can here answer
the question of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] made the other day, and infoim him
that this hemp was rotted and prepared on the plan
of Mr. Billings, and 1 believe mostly under his
personal superintendence; and I confess that it is
a matter of some pride to me, that the farmers of
my district have raised the best article of hemp
which has ever been seen in this or perhaps any
other country.
.Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. "Will the gen-
tleman from Illinois allow me to ask liim a ques-
tion. What connection has Billings with the
American Hemp Company? And I wish to know
whether Wetmore & Co., the securities of Mr.
Billings, are connected with that establishment?
Mr. HARRIS. As to Mr..Billings's connection
with the American Hemp Company, I believe it
was nothing but as a superintendent of the mills,
or as an agent; and as to any connection of Mr.
Wetmore or Mr. Roberts with the company, I
never heard of any whatever, nor do I believe any
exists, or ever did exist.
Mr. STANTON. Then you have not heard all.
Mr. HARRIS. Sir, I do not expcct to receive
information from those who catechise me to obtain
it for themselves. But it is said, if we can pio-
duce hemp of such excellent quality, and at such
rates, what need have you of the protection af-
forded by these resolutions ? I answer, that unless
the Secretary of the Navy is compelled by law lo
purchase American hemp, he cannot be expected
to do it. The importunities and influence of the
importers of foreign hemp are such, and their loca-
tion, and their skill m using appliances so com-
manding, that purchases will be made of them to
the exclusion of hemp of American growth. It is
not so much "'protection that we need against for-
eign hemp, as it is piotection agumst importing
speculators in the eastern cities.
But the gentleman from Missouri asks, if you
establish the contract system, what is the use of
your agents? Let us look back at this question.
A joint resolution was passed by Congress in
1841, directing the Secretary of ihe INavy "to
'purchase domestic water-rotted hemp for the use
'of the United States navy,so far as the same shall
'be found of suitable quality and can be used ben-
'efioally to the service." Under this resolution
agents to purchase hemp were first appointed.
Now let us see the great use of these agents. By
the tables furnished us, it appears that in 1841
there was purchased, of American water-rotted
hemp, the enormous quantity of 9 cwt. 2 qrs. and
(i lbs. Yes, sir, this was a laborious year, with
highly satisfactory results—9 cwt., 2 qis. and 6
lbs. of hemp! and all purchased in the Slate of
Kentucky. This was under the system whuh the
gentlemen from Kentucky and Missouri advocate
for the special benefit of the producer. Well, how
wa3 it the next year? Why, sir, there was in
1842, purchased, of American water-rotted hemp,
the unprecedented quantity of 1 ton, 15 cwt., 15
lbs. Here weie no contracts—no monopoly.
There was plenty for the agents to do that year—
and the prouuceis were piodigiously benefited by
having 1 ton, 15cwt., and 15 lbs. of their hemp
bought by the Government. What irrefragable
proof this is of the coriectness of the views of the
honorable gentlemen from Kentucky and Missouri!
and in view of these facts, what commanding in-
fluence ought their eloquent speeches to have in
this House!
Well, sir, on the 3d of March, 1843, Congress
passed a law requiring hemp to be puiclmsed by
contract. It was found indispensable to the service
that it should be done. And now let us look to
the result. It is true that the system did not get
into full operation at once, but the amount was
increased the first year to 27 tons 6 cwt. 1 qr. 4
lbs.; in 1845 to upwards of 212 tons; in 1847
to upwards of 268 tons, and in 1848 to 503 tons.
This is under the system that rains the producer.
In December, 1848, the departments ordered the
purchases to be suspended. Now let us review
