GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BI JOHN C. RIVES —TERMS $
3 FOR THIS SESSION.
SIst Conoress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1850.
New Series..,.
....No. 111.
the District of Columbia" was made the spciai or-
der for Wednesday next atone o'clock.
The joint resolution proposes to authorize the
President of the United States to appoint three;
commissioners, persons learned in the law, and
resident m the District of "Columbia, to prepare
and report to him for transmission to Congress at
its next session, or as soon thereafter as may be
practicable, a complete system of laws for the gov-
ernment of the said District, and the administra-
tion of justice therein
THE GENERAL ORDERS.
Several Senators desired that bills should be
taken up and considered, which thery respectively
•designated, but it was ultimately deemed more
just and proper to proceed with the bills on the
calendar in their order.
The bill to reduce the minimum price of the
mineral lands if? the Lake Superior district, in
Michigan, and in the Chippewa district in Wis-
consin, after being discussed and amended, was
ordeied to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bitl for the relief of Charles Reeder, Walter
R. Johnson, and the legal representatives of Thos.
P. Jones was discussed, and its further considera-
tion postponed.
The bill for the relief of John M. Mcintosh was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill to renew and continue in force the char-
ter of the Potomac Insurance Company ofGeorge-
town was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The bill for the examination and settlement of
claims for land at the Sault Ste. Marie, in Michi-
gan, was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The bill to provide for the final settlement of
the accounts of Jonathan Kearsley, late receiver
of pubhc moneys at Detroit, and John Biddle, late
register of the land office at that place, was laid
upon the table.
The bill to increase the efficiency of the army
by a retired list for disabled officers, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill to increase the pension of Isaac Watts
Griffith was under consideration, but, finding itself
without a quorum,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSft OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, September 6, 1859.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
LIBRARY FOR PRESIDENT'S HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution, which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Library be in-
siructed to inquire into the expediency of causing the Ex-
ecutive Mansion to be furnished with a complete set of the
document^ and journals of the two Houses of Congress,
(rum the Fust to the Thirty-first Congress inclusive; and
also into the expedwmcy of causing said Mansion to be fur-
nished with a suitable library; and that the committee have
ieave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, and others, objecting,
the resolution was not rscetved.
Mr. RICHARDSON, Mr. DANIEL, and others,
called for the regular order of business.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS*
Mr. PO TTER appealed to the House by unan-
imous consent to take up the bill returned from, the
•Senate with amendments, appropewting for the
expenses of the Post Office Department for the
year ending 30th June, 1851, for the purpose of
referring it to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Pie said it would take but a moment.
No objection was made. The bill was taken up.
Mr. POTTER moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYLY moved its reference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The question, being first on the reference to the
Com mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, was
taken, and
The CHAIR announced that there was a major-
ity in its favor unless a count was insisted upon.
Mr. BAYLY. I call the yeas and nays. It is
ill
an appropriation bill. It belongs to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RICHARDSON was understood to ask
htiw the bill came before the Hous^ and to call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER said, the bill had come before
the House by general consent.
. The question was upon ordering the yeas and
nays, upon the motion to refer it to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Waldo and Ogle were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes .37.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON, (to the Speaker) What is
the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Post Office appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER declined to recognize any
member until order had been restored.
A pause ensued.
Mr. CABELL now desired to be informed by
the Speaker, whether this bill had not originally
come from the Committee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported, origin-
ally, from the-Commiuee of Ways and Means.
Mr. POTTER. 1 do not wish to insist upon
the motion I have made to refer the bill and amend-
ments to the Committee on the Post Office. But
I desire to state the reasons which induced me t<5
make the motion. A provision has been inserted
in the bill affecting the mail steamer contract be-
tween the United States, Bremen, and Havre.
The Committee on the Post Office have had that
subject under consideration. No question of
finance is involved.
Several members called to order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. As I under-
stand the fnatter, the change made in the bill is
this: the Committee of Ways and Means reported
the bill making the appropriations general, in ac-
cordance with the recommendation of the late
Postmaster General, Mr. Coliamer. The Senate
has made the appropriations specific. The ques-
tion is one looking entirely to the finances and the
management of the finances of the department.
Mr. POTTER. The amendment to which the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] re-
fers does not change the amount of the appropria-
tions, but merely specifies the items for which
these appropriations shall be made. The appro-
priations, as made by the House, were in the bulk,
in the aggregate; and the Senate has specified the
objects to which the money shall be applied. It
is not a question affecting the Government or its
revenues, or the revenues of the department.
There is a question affecting the steam mail con-
tract from this country to Bremen and Havre; and
that qupstion comes properly under the jurisdic-
tion of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads
Mr. PHELPS (holding the bill in his hand)
desired the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Potter] to
yield the floor, whilst he (Mr P.) stated what the
amendment was.
Mr. POTTER. I know what the amendment is.
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order, upon
which some conversation followed between Mr.
B. and the Speaker.
The SPEAKER stated that the only question
before the House was a question of reference.
That was the only question which could be de-
bated at this time, and the remarks of gentlemen
must be confined to that point.
Mr. POTTER did not desire, he said, to extend
his remarks, nor pertinaciously to insist on the
motion he had made. But he had desired to ex-
plain to the House that the amendments were of
a character which rendered proper an investiga-
tion by the Committee on the Post Office.
Mf. PHELPS said he understood the gentle-
man from Ohio to aigue that the bill should be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Offiet and Post
Roads, because there was an amendment returned
from the Senate, relating to the act providing for
the transportation of the mails from New York to'
Bremen, and from New York to Havre.- The
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads was mistaken. The amendment made
no change in the contract with the Bremen or with
the Havre line; the Bremen Hne was not referred
to in express terms, but the Havre line was re-
ferred to in the following language:
"For transportation of the mails in two steamships from
New York, by Southampton, to Bremen, at $100,000 for
each ship, under the contract with the Ofiean Steam Navi-
gation Company of New York ; and for transportation by
two ships, under the same contract, from New York to
Hnvrt, at $75,000 each, including an unexpended balance
of former appropriation —6R.667 : Provide/), That
the t< rms of the contract of the 2il of February, 1819, shall
be fully conformed to, except so far as the same was modi-
fied by the Postmaster General made on the 18th ot Match,
1847, and 38th of March, 1S49. 
The act of 1845, (said Mr. P.,) to which refer-
ence was made, provided for the establishment of
a line of mail steamers between'the United States'
and foreign countries; and under this act, this
Bremen line was established; and by the terms*of
the contract, the steamers were to be of the same
speed with those of the Canard line; the amend-
ment required this company to perform those ser-
vices in accordance with the stipulations of the
contract, and required the Havre hne to comply
with the provisions of the law of 1845.
Mr. POTTER. I did not give way for a gen-
eral debate. I myself have declined to enter into
it. 1 merely stated what the amendment was.
Mr. TOOMBS. Has the foreign mail service
had anything to do wilh the Post Office Depart-
ment at any time ?
Mr. POSTER. The Bremen and Havre lines
are under the entire control of the Post Office De-
partment.
Mr. TOOMBS. This bill came from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in this House; it
went to the Senate; an amendment was there
made; and now the gentleman from Ohio asks the
reference of the whole bill to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. That is the question.
It is a very extraordinary change.
Mr. POTTER. The amendment refers to the
mail contracts made by the Postmaster General.
Several gentlemen requested Mr. Potter to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. POTTER. I think the reference to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads the
proper reference, i do not wish to insist upon it,
if it is contrary to the sense of the House; and in
courtesy to the Committee of Ways and Means,
I withdraw the motion.
The question recurred, and was taken, upon the
motion of Mr. Bayly; and was decided in the af-
firmative.
So the bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be the report made
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,]
from the select committee appointed to inquire
whether Mr. Ewing, late Secretary of the Interior,
had not reopened and paid certain accounts, and
whether he had not improperly paid interest on
others, &c., &c ; the reading of which report had
not been concluded at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour yesterday.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The first question, I
believe is upon 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Illinois that the reading of the
report was commenced yesterday, and hot fin-
ished.
Mr. RICHARDSON. But a very small portion
of it remains to be read.
The SPEAKER. If the House do not desire
to hear the remainder, the reading be dis-
pensed with. *
Mr. RICHARDSON then proceeded to address
the House. He referred to the fact that the mi-
nority report had been found in the possession of
members of the House who were not members of
the select committee by whom the subject had
been investigated; and imputed to the gentleman
