1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
appeal, the House having acquiesced in it. And
at the second session of .the same Congress a de-
cision was made to the same effect. There may
be other decisions, but the Chair has not been able
to find them. The decisions to which the Chair
* has referred are conflicting upon the point whether
a motion to reconsider can be entertained where
there is no amendment. The last precedents
quoted—denying the right to reconsider—are in
conformity with the practice of thfc"House of late
years, as before stated by the Chair. The ques-
tion, whether the motion can be entertained where
the bill has been amended subsequent to the first
reconsideration, has not been decided by the^House,
so far as the Chair is informed, but he holds that
this difference in the case does not plac^it beyond
the general rule, which precludes a second recon-
sideration. The Speaker, therefore, adheres to his
decision of yesterday, and rules, inasmuch as there
is no precedent to the contrary applicable to the
case, that the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House had refused to order the bill to a
third reading is not in order. Prom this decision
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] takes
an appeal. And the question is, u Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. HOWARD. The appeal, I believe, is de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. HOWARD made a few remarks in oppo-
sition to the decision of the Speaker, maintaining
that the rule applied to things of substance and
not of name; that therefore .the bill as lejected
yesterday, not being identical with the bill which
was rejected on Wednesday, and which subse-
quently was reconsidered, was not involved within
the rule that precluded the reconsideration a second
time of the same proposition.
Mr. BURT and Mr. DUER rose and simulta-
neously addressed the Chair.
Mr. DUER was recognized by the Speaker.
Some conversation followed as to the right to
the floor.
Mr. DUER appealed to the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Howard] to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOWARD seemed to hesitate.
The SPEAKER called upon the gentleman to
say whether he withdrew or not.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the gentleman renew
the demand, if I withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair can recognize
no arrangement between members of the House.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Duer] will perceive 
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls upon the
gentleman from Texas to say whether he with-
draws his motion or not.
Mr. HOWARD did not withdraw the motion.
Mr. DUER moved that the appeal be laid upon
the table; and on that motion he asked the yeas
and nays; which-were ordered.
And the question, " Shall the appeal be laid
upon the table?'' was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 123; as follow:
YEAS—Mes^r«. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bay,
Bayly, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, AlbertG. Brown,
Burt, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell Clarke, Colcock,
Cole, Conger-, Crowel!, Daniel, Dickey, Disney, Doty, Duer,
Durkee, Featherston, Fowler, Freedley, Gerry, Giddtngs,
Gott, Hall, Halloway, Harlan, S. W. Hariis, Henry, llolla-
<tey, Holmes, Howe, Hubbaid, Hunter, Inge, Jot-eph W.
Jackson. Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Preston King, La
S&re, Horace Mann, Matteson, McQueen, McWillie,
Meade, Morris, Morse, Newell, Orr, Oti«, Peck, Phelps,
Powell, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Saekeit, Sawielle, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, F. P. Stanton, Tharideus
Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Tuck, Venable, Waldo, Wal-
lace, and Woodward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Albert^on, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowhn, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, W. J.
Brown, Buel, Burrows, Chester Butler, E. C. Cabell, G. A.
Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Cling-
man, W. R. W. Cobb, Corwin, Deberry, Dimmick, Divon,
Duncan. Dunham, EdmumNon, Eliot, N. Evans, Ewmg,
Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gilmore. Gorman, Gould, Gieen,
Grinnell, Hammond, I«ham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Haymond, Hebard, Hibbard, Milliard, Hoagland, Houston,
Howard, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. K,ng
James G, King, John A. King, Leffler, Levin, Lit-
tlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, McKissoek, McLanahan, Robert M.
McLane, F. E. McLean, McMullen, Meacham, Millson,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, O^le, Outlaw, Parker,
Peaslep, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam.Reed, Reynolds, Richard-
son, Robbing Rohinson,*Ros$, Rumsev, Savag -, Suhenck,
Suepperd, Silvcstei, Sprague, Stanly, Richard H. Sumton,
Strong, Taylor, Thomas, Jaeob Thompson, James Thomp
son, John B. Thompson Thurman, Toombs, Underbill,
Van Djke, Vinton, Walden, Wa'kini, Wellborn. Went-
worth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wilson,
and Young—-123.
So the appeal was not laid on the table.
[Mr. HAMILTON, when his name was called,
rose and said that he had paired ofF on th'is ques-
tion with Mr. Wilmot, from Monday last to Sat-
urday next inclusive.]
The question recurred upon the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. PRESTON" KING called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered,and Messrs Prbston King
and Brown, of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 102, noes 57.
So there was a second.
The question, tL Shall the main question be now
put?1" was taken, and decided in the affirmative,
without a division.
The main question was, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, called for the
yeas and noes.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 83, nays 123; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Baker,
Bay, Bayly, Bennett. Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G.
Brown, Buel, Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Colcock, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowe!!, Dan-
iel, Dickey, Disney, Doty, Durkee, Edmundson, Feather-
ston, Fitch, Fowler, Gerrv, Giddings, Gott, Hall, Halloway,
Haralson, Sampson W. Han is, Henry, Holladay, Holmes,
Howe. Hubbaid. Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Robeit
W. Johnson, Julian, Pre*ton King, La Sfcre, Horace Mann,
Matteson, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Morris, Morse,
Newell, Orr, Otis, Parker, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Reed,
Rockwell. Root, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehenck, Schoolcraft,
Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Thadd'Mis Stevens, Stetson,
Sweetser, Tuck, Venable, Waldo, Wallace, and Wood-
ward—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Aloertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Reale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowhn, Boyd, Breck, Bnsrgs, Brooks,
William J. Bro'vn, Burrows, Chester Butler, E. C. Cabell,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter,
Cnsey, Chandler, Clingman, W. R.W. Cobb, Dcbf rry, Dim-
mick, Dixon, Duncan, Dunham, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Ew-
ing, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gilmore, Gorman, Gould,
Green, Grmnell, Hammond, Ilailan, I?ha-n G. Hams, T. L.
Harri«, Havmond, Hebard, Ilibbard, Hilliard, Hoagland,
Houston, Howard, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. Kins,
Jam^s G. King John A. Kins, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield,
Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDonald, Mc-
Dowell, McKi«soek, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Funs
E. McLean, McMullen, Meacham, Millson, Moore, More-
head, Morton, Nelson, Ogle. Olds, Outlaw, Owen, Peaslee,
Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson,
Bobbins, Robin«on, Rose, Ros«, Rum^ey, Savage, Schermer-
horn, Seddon, Shepperd, Silvester, Stanly, Richard H. Stan-
ton, 'Strong. Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, James
Thomp-on, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toomb«, Under-
bill, Van Dvke, Vinton, Walden, Watkin*, Wellborn,
Wentworth, White. Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams, Wil-
son, and Young—123.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House had, last evening, refused to order the hill
to be engrossed for a third reading, was decided to
be in order.
And the question being upon agreeing to the
said motion of Mr. Howaro, to reconsider—
Mr. HOWARD (who'was entitled to the floor)
said, I do not wish to occupy the time of the
House, and therefore I move the previous ques-
tion.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, by ayes 102—noes not counted.
The question, Shall the main question be now
put? was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
The question being upon agreeing to the motion
to reconsider—
Mr. YENABLE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " Shall the vote by which the
House refused to order the bill to a third reading
be reconsidered was then taken, and decided—
yeas 122, nays 84; as follow:
YEAS— Mes«rs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck,
Briggs. Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, IIutows, Chester
Butler, E. Carngton Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Casey, Chandler, Clingman, William>on R.W.
f'ohfo, Deberry, Dimmick, Duer, Diwan, Dunham, Ed-
mundson, Eliot, Ewmg, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gil-
more, Gorman, Gould, Green, Grmnell, Hall, Hammond,
I iiam G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, H-wnond, Hibbard,
Hillmrd, Hoagktnd, Hou«ton, Howard, William T. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman,
Kerr, George G King, John A King, Leffler, Levin, Liljle-
field. Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McClernand, McDonald,
McDowell, McKfcsork, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Meacham, Moore, Morehead,
Morton, Nelson, Oale, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Pea«?lee,
Phoenix, Pitnam, Potter, Putnam, Richardson, Rnbhins,
Robinson, Ro!?e, Ross, Rumsey, Savage, Schenck, Scher-
merhom, Shepperd, Stanly, Frederick P. Stantoa, Richard
H. Stanton, Strong, Sweetser. Talyor, Thomas, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toojnb*, Under-
bill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Walden, Watkins, Wellborn,
Wentworth, White, Whittlesey,|Wildrick, Williams, Wil-
son, and Young—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Baker/
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Burt,
Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell, Cart-
ter, Clarke, Colcock,' Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell,
Daniel, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Dory, Durkee, Nathan
Evans, Feather«ton, Fowler, Freedley, GiddingSj Gott, Har-
alson, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hebard, Henry, Holla-
day, Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, luge, Joseph .W.
Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Preston King, In S£re,
Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, McQueen, McWil-
he, Meade, Millson, Morris, Morse, Newell, Oida, Orr,
Otis, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Reed, Reynolds, Rockwell,
Root, Sacfcott, Sawtelle, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester,
Sprague, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Jacob Thompson,
Tuck, Venable, Waldo, Wallace, and Woodward—84*
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then recurred, " Shall this hill be
ordered to be engrossed for a. third reading ? "
Mr. HOWARD obtained the floor. It was my
intention (he said) to have offered an amendment;
but as the friends of the bill prefer the bill as it is
' to my vote, I shall not press the amendment upon
the House. 1 shall content myself with demand-
ing the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his motion.
Mr, HOWARD. 1 cannot do so.
Mr. CHANDLER said, that in looking over
the proceedings of Wednesday, he found that he
was not recorded as having voted on the amend-
ment of Mr. Boyd. He did vote, and would like
to have his? name recorded infthe affirmative.
The SPEAKER said, the Journal would be so
altered.
Mr. SCHENCK, (to the Speaker.) Has the
previous question been demanded?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for tellers upon the
second.
Mr. VENABLE, (to the Speaker.) IP the pre-
vious question should be sustained 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, interposed, and
requested that order might be restored; for (he
said) nothing could be heard in that part of the
Hall.
Mr. VENABLE desired to be informed what
the effect of the previouslquestion would be; and
he inquired (for he said he had not been able to
hear) whether the gentleman from Texas had pro-
posed ah amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not pro-
pose any amendment.
Mr. VENABLE. Then the question before
the House, if the previous question is sustained,
will be on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading?
The SPEAKER. That will be the question.
Mr. VENABLE. 1 hope the previous question
will not be sustained.
Mr. MORRIS, (to the Speaker ) Will it be in
order to call for the reading of the seventeenth
rule?
The SPEAKER. If no objection is made, the
rule will be read.
The seventeenth rule of the House was then
read, as follows:
iC No person except members of the Senate, their Secre-
tary, Heads of Department?, Treasurer, Comptrollers, Regis-
ters, Auditors, Postmaster General, President's Secietary,
Chaplains to Congress, Judges of the United Srates, Foreign
Ministers and their Secretaries, officers who, by name, have
received, or shall hereafter receive, the thanks of Congress
for their gallantry and good conduct displaced in the service
of their country, the Commissioners of the Navy Boaid, Gov-
ernors for the time bemg of any State or Terutory in the
Union, such gentlemen as have been beads of Department-*,
or members of either branch of the National Legislature,
and, at the discretion ot the Speaker, persons who belong to
such Legislaturvs.of foreign Governments as are in amity
with the [Jnited States, shall be admitted withm the Hall of
the House ot Representatives."
The rule having been lead—
Mr. MORRIS said: I call upon the Speaker to
enforce this rule. If there are any Texan bond-
holders in here, they can see and hear as well in
the galleries.
The SPEAKER said, the rule would be en-
forced.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Texas to withdraw the demand for the
previous question, in order to allow me to move
to commit the bill with instructions.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Howard.) Does the
gentleman withdraw the motion?
Mr. HOWARD. I must decline to do so.
Tellers were then ordered on seconding the pre-
