1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 6,
vioua question, and Messrs. King, of Rhode Isl-
and, and Harris, of Illinois, were appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
Vyes 103, noes 91.
So there was a second.
The question then recurred, " Shall the main
question be now taken ?" .
Mr. SCHENCK put an inquiry to the Chair, of
which nothing was heard. . _
Mr PUTNAM, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order
to move to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. WENTWOR.TH a3ked the yeas and nays
on taking the main question; which were ordered.
Mr. PRESTON KING put an inquiry to the
Chair, in reply to which^
The SPEAKER said, that if the House should
now refuse to order the main question, the subject
would go over until to-morrow.
The question, " Shall the main question be now
put?" was taken, and decided in the affirmative-
yeas 115, nays 91; as follow :
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anilerson, Andrews,
Bay, Bayly, Bealo, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck,
Brims, Brooks. William 1. Brown, Bus!, Chester Butler,
E. °C. Cabell, Geoige A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Canter, Casev, Chandle.i, W. R. W. Cobb, Conger Daniel,
Debeny Dimmick, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Liimund-
son, Eliot, Ewing, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gil-
more, Gonnan, Green, Gnnnell, Hall, Hammond, Isham G.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haymnnd, Hfbaid, Hibbard, Hil-
liard Hoa land, Houston, Howard, Andrew Johnson, James
L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, George G. King, Leffler,
JL°vin, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeClernand,
McDonald, McDowell, McGaughey, McKissock, McLana-
ban, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean, McMullen,
McWillie, Meacbam, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Phtrnix, Pitman, Potter,
Richardson, Robbing, Robinson, Rose,Ross, Savage, Scher-
merhorn, Shepperd, Stanly, Fredeiicii P. Stanton, RtcEiard
H. Stanton, Strong, Taylor, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs,
Underhill, Walden, Wat'.ins, Wellborn, White, Wildrick,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Baker,
Bennett. Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Bur-
row-, Burt, Thomas B. butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Clingman, Colcock, Cole. Cnrwin, Crowd],
Dickey Disney, Divon. Rolv. Durkee, Nathan Evans, Featli-
erston, Fiteh, Fowler, Biddings, Gott, Gould, Halloway,
Haralson, Harlan, Sampson W. Hams, Henry, Holladay,
Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, William 1.
Jackson, Robert W. Johnson. Julian, James G. King, John
A. King, Preston King, LaS&re, Horace Mann, Matleson,
McQueen, Meade, Milbon, Morris, Morse, Newell, G le,
Olds, Orr, Otis, Puck, Plielps, Powell, Putnam. Reed, Rey-
nolds Rockwell, Root, liutnscy, Sackett JSawtelle, Schenck,
Schoolcraft, Seddoll, Silvester, Spraaue, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Pweetser, Tuck, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton,
Waldo, Wallace, YVentworth, Whitthsey, and Wood-
ward—91.
So the main question was ordered to be now put.
The main question was, Shall the bill be or-
dered to a third reading?
Messrs. GOTT and VENABLE demanded the
' yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, "Shall this bill be engrossed for
a third reading?" was taken, and after some con-
versation on a point of order between Mr. Burt
and the Speaker—
The result was announced—yeas 108, nay's 98;
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlm, Boyd, Breck,
Br>«"3, Brooks, William J. Blown, Buel, Chester Butler,
E. a Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Casey,
Chandler, W. R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dtmmicli, Disney,
Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edinundson, Eliot, Ewirig, Fitch,
Fuller, Gentrv, Gerry, Gilinore, Gorman, Green, Gnnnell,
Hall, Hammond, I. G. Harris,Thomas L. Harris, Haymond,
Hibbard, Hlltiard, floagland, Houston, Howard, Andrew
Johnson, James L,. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, G.-orge
G. King, Leffler, Levin, Littlefield, Job Mann, Marshall,
Mason, MeClernand, McDonald, McDowell, McKissock,
McLanahan, Robert M.McLarie, F. H. McLean,McMullen,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee,
Phfflnix, Pitman, Potter, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson,
Rose, Ross, Savage, Scllurmerhorn, Shepperd, Stanly, F.
P. Stanton, R H. Stanton, Strong, Taylor, Thomas, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Under-
hill, Walden, Watkin«, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Williams, Wilson, and Young—108.
N \YS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A~he, Averett, Baker,
Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bowdon, A. G. Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell,
Cartter, Clarke, Clingman, Colcock, Cole, Confer, Corwin.
Orowell, ilaniel, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkec, Nathan
Evans, Fratherstoh, Fowlei, Giddings, Gott, Halloway,
Haralson, Harlan, S. VV. Harris, Ilebard, Henry, Hollada\,
Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, [nge, Joseph W.Jackson,
William T. Jackson, R- W. Johnson, Julian, James G.
Kin", John A- King, Preston King, La Sere, Horace Mann,
Matleson, MiGauifhey, McQ'ieen, McWillie, Meacham,
Meade, Million, Mo ire, Morris, Morse, Newell, Ogle, Old-,
Orr Otis Peck, Phelps, Powell, Putnam, Keed, Reynolds,
Rockwell', Root, Rumsey, Saokett, Sawtelle, Schenek,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Tliaddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Wentwortb, and Wood-
ward—98.*
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
The announcement of the result was received
with manifestations of applause of various kinds,
the most peculiar and attractive o'f which was a
sort of unpremeditated allegro whistle, which the
Reporter does not remember to have heard before,
(certainly never in the House of Representatives.)
The other tokens of glorification were of a less
musical order.
It was evident that the greater portion of the
applause, especially at the outset, was on the floor
of the Hall itself. .
The SPEAKER interposed vigorously to check
[Cries to "order" were met with cries of " let
them stamp—it is all right."}
The Hall was in an uproar.
Mr. ASHE inquired of the Speaker if it was in
order to move that the galleries be cleared?
The SPEAKER replied, that the House had the
power at any time it might think proper to clear
the galleries. .
Mr. FEATHERSTON suggested that the Chair
had the right to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to en-
force the rule which had been read this morning.
The SPEAKER stated that he had directed the
officers of the House to have it enforced at all
times. . „
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Well, it has
not been done.
And the SPEAKER now repeated the order.
Mr. ASHE. I move that the galleries be
cleared.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Let the vote be put.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
of the Chair whether the motion was in order?
The SPEAKER again stated that the House
could at any time order the galleries to be cleared.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. 1 hope the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ashe] will
withdraw his motion.
Thereupon, Mr. ASHE did not press the mo-
tion. . , , ,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
read a third time.
Mr. HOLMES, (to the Speaker.) Is the bill
engrossed}
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DUER. I move to reconsider the vote or-
dering the bill to a third reading, and to lay that
motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
It does not come within the decision of the House
made this morning.
Mr. GOTT. T ask the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
' The bill was then read a third time by its title.
And the question being, " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMES. I object to the bill being read.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read, and
the objection could not have been received even if
it had been taken in time. [Laughter.]
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Tel'ers were ordered, and Messrs. Calvin and
Mason were, appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 103, noes 51.
So there was a second.
The question being, Shall the main question be
now put?—
Messrs. OTIS and GOTT demanded the yeas
and nays. .
Both gentlemen, however, waived the demand.
The question was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative, without a division.
The main question was, Shall the bill be passed ?
* Sir : You will oblige me by stating in the Congressional
Globe, that 1 did not vote upon Mr. Pearce's hill because I
was paired off with Mi. Spauldine, of New York, who was
opposed to it If I had voted I should have given my voice
for Mr. Boyd's amendment, and then for Mr. Pearce's bill.
I sincerely rejoice at the passage by the House of the bills
for the settlement or the Texas boundary and for the estab-
lishment of a territorial government tor New Mexico.
These measures have had my support from the beginning.
Verv lespectfully, ALEXANDER EVANS.
September 7, 1850-
To the Editor of the Globe.
Mr. VENABLE and many other gentleH&eri
demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURT. I more to lay the bill on the table,
and I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, ShaF* the biH be laid upon the ta-
ble? was tafcen, and decided m the negative—yeas
S7, nays 108'; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Avejett, Bakert
Bennett, Bineham, Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Bor-
rows, Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Canter, Clarke, Colcock, Cole,Conger, Corwin, Crovv-
eil, Daniel, Dickey, Otxon, Doty, Durkee, Nathan Evansy
Featherston, Fowler, Giddings, Gott, HaJJoway, Haral-
son, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Hebard, ffeurv, BoHadayy
Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson,
William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, James G.
King, John *. King, Preston King, La Sdre, Horace Mann,
Maneson, McGaughey, McC&ueen, McWillie, Meacbam?
Meade, Million, Moore, Morris, Morse, Newell, 0<j?e, Olcfe,
Orr, Otis, Feck, Phelps, Powell, Putnam, Keed, Reynolds,
Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehenck,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Thaddeirs Stevens,
Stetson, Sweeper, Jacob Thompson, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallaee, Weatwortfc, and Wood-
ward—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bay Bavly, Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Breck,
Brisks, Brooks, William J. Browny Buel, Chester Bmler,
E. O? CabeH, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Casey, Chandler, W. R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dimmiek, X>is-
• ney, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edniundson, Lliot, Ewing,
1 Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Gould,
Green, Gnnnell, Hall, Hammond, isham G. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard, Billiard, Hoagland, Hous-
ton, Howard, Andrew Johnson, James L. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr,George G. King, Leffler, Levin, Luilefirld,
Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeClernand. McDonald. Mc-
Dowell, McKissock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis
E. McLean, McMullen, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Out
Jaw. Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter,
Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Rose, Ross, Savage, Scher-
merhorn, Shepperd, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Strong. Taylor, Thomas, James Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Underbill, War-
den, Watkins Wellborn, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Williams, and Young—108.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question, " Shall this bill pass*" was then
taken, and resulted—yeaa 108, nays 97; as follow:
YEAS—Measts. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Bav Bayly, Beale, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Boyd, Ureck,
Br«ws, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Chester Butler, E 
C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph-P. Caldwell, Casey,
Chandler, W. R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dimunok, Oi* iej',
Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, Ewin?, Fitch,
Fuller,Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore, Gormon, Green, Gnnnell,
Hall, Hammond, Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hay-
mond, Hibbard, Htllumi, Hoagland, Houston, Howard,
Andrew Johnson, J. L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, G 
G. King, Leffler, Levin, Litflefield, Jub Mann, Marshall,
Mason. MeClernand, McDonald, McDowell, M^Ktssoek,
McLanahan, R. M. McLane, F. E. McLean, McMullen,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson. Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee,
Pitman, Phosnix, Potter, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson,
Ro«e Ross, Savasf, Schermerhorn, Sheppetd, Stanly, F.
P. Stanton. Richard H.Stanton, Strong, Taylor, Thomas,
James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs,
UndethiH, Waldtn, Watkins, Wellborn, White, WhUtlesey,
Wildrick, Williams, Wilson, and Young—108.
NAYS—Messrs Alexander, Allen, Averett, Baker, Ben-
i nett Bingham, Booih, Bowdon, Albert G.Brown, Burrows,
Burt, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, Calvin, Campbell,
Cartter, Clarke, Clingman, Coicock, Cole, Coneer, Corwin,
Crowcll, Daniel, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Nathaa
Evans, Fcatherston, Fowler, Giddtngs, Go4t, Halloway,
Haralson, Harlaft, Sampson W. Harris, Hebard, Henry,
Holladay, Holmes, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, J. VV.
Jackson, William T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Jubun,
James G. King, John A.King, ^smn Kmg, La b6re,
Horace Mann, Matteson, McGaughey, McQueen, McWillie,
Meacham, Meade. Millson, Moore, Moiris, Morse, Newel!,
0°le Olds, Orr, Otis, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Putnam,
Reed Reynolds, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Saw-
telle, Scbenck, Schoolcratt, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Sweetser, Jacob 1 homp=>on,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Venable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace,
Wentworth, ami Woodwatd—97.
So the biil was passed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I move
I to reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed
i and to lay that motion on the table.
il The yeas anil nays were asked.
ii Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
'I'he question recurring upon laying on the table
the motion to reconsider—
The yeas and nays were refused.
And the question, "Shall the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the . bill was passed be
laid on the table?" was put and agreed to, without
a Th*e W"EAKER. The title of the bill:
" A bill entitled ' An act proposing to the State of T^xas
the establishment oi lu r northern and western bound.nies,
the relinquishment by tin- said State ot all territory claimed
by her exterior to said boundary,.and of all claim upon the
United States.' "
Mr. BOYD. I propose to amend that title by
adding the following; and on that I ask the pre-
