1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*ious question: "and to establish territorial gov-
ernment for New Mexico."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask whether
we will have it in our power to move to recon-
sider again to-morrow ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would not fee hi order after the bill had been dis-
posed of.
Messrs. MEADE and HOLMES appealed to
Mr. Bote to withdraw the demand for the previ-
ous question, each wishing to amend the title.
Mr. BOYD declined to withdraw.
Mr. MEADE. 1 want to add a word or two to
the title.
Mr. HOLMES. I wish to state what the
amendment is which I desire.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines to
withdraw the demand, and it is not in order for the
gentleman te make any statement, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMES still remained upon the floor,
and was proceeding to speak, when he was inter-
rupted by
Cries of" order."
Mr. HOLMES renewed his appeal to Mr. Boyd
to allow him to state the amendment he desired to
offer.
• The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Holmes ) The gen-
tleman from South Carolina must know that the
House alone can consent, and not the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. HOLMES. 1 wili state just this 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina asks the unanimous consent to state his
amendment.
Objections were made.
The previous question was seconded; and
The main question was ordered being, on agree-
ing to the amendment to the title.
The question was taken, and decided in theaffirm-
at ve.
So the amendment of Mr. Boyd to the title was
agreed te.
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. RICHARDSON and Mr. WENTWORTFI
cose simultaneously and addressed the Speaker.
Mr. RICHARDSON was recognized, and moved
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. That is the motion 1
desired to move.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois will be en-
tertained.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to inquire what
is the next bill on the Speaker's table?
Mr. McMULLEN. I move that the House do
now adjourn. •
The motion was not pressed.
Mr. BOYD. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the title of the bill just passed was amended,
and I move to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. HOLMES. I ask the Chair, the previous
question not having been called upon this motion,
whether I cannot state what my amendment is?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
The question wag taken on the motion of Mr.
Boyd, and decided in the affirmative.
So the motion to reconsider the vote on the title
was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What will be
the next bill on the Speaker's table, provided the
House proeeed to the business on the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. The first bill will be the
Military Academy bill; the next the California
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, was understood
to say he hoped the House would proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I do not
understand that we have gone through the morning'
hour. The bill we have just passed was consid-
ered as a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Mississippi, that he stated to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] when
he made his motion, that it would be entertained by
unanimous consent. The House has devoted half
an hour to the morning business, and before the
House can proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table in the regular order, they must go through
the remaining1 half of the morning hour.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I move,
then, that the House adjourn,
[Loud cries of " No; no."]
Mr. THOMPSON. What do you want to do?
To admit California?
[Cries of " Yes."]
Mr. ORR. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to Monday next.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SCHENC1C. With the view of seeing
whether there will be the same alacrity in acting
upon the California bill as there has been upon
otheT things, I ask ihe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to adjourn to Monday.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Thompson to adjourn, was put, and decided in the
negative.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to move a sus-
pension of the rules, that we may proceed to the
consideration of the California bill ?
The SPEAKER. The motion for the suspen-
sion of the rules is not in order except on Mon-
day.
Mr. NELSON. As the regular business of the
morning hour must be proceeded with before we
can reach the bills on the Speaker's table, I call for
that business.
Mr. RICHARDSON (who was entitled to the
floor upon the morning business) rose.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask if the House can-
not consent to proceed at once to the business on
the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. They can, by unanimous
consent. The Chair understood the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] as objecting.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Is the mo-
tion to adjourn in order? If it is, I submit that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The House has not pro-
ceeded toany business since the question was taken
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. THOMPSON. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson;]
and the gentleman has proceeded to speak, and he
has spoken far enough to yield to a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. RICHARDSON addressed the Speaker, and
was recognized.
Mr. THOMPSON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield me ihe floor to move to adjourn.
The gentleman does not want to speak, and we do
not want to hear him now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I yield for that purpose.
On motion, by Mr. THOMPSON, the House
adjourned.
PETITION/3.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
By Mr. PITMAN: The petition of Samuel Heilner and
116 other em-sens of Pennsylvania, asking Congress lor an
immediate moditicRtinn of the existing tariff laws.
ByMr.THURMAN: The petition ot John T. Willard and
40 other citizens ol Tioy, New York, asking Congress to so
modify the revenue law of 1846 as to increase the protection
ot American labor.
IN SENATE.
Friday, September (j, 1850.
Mr FOOTE. I beg leave to offer to the Senate
a petition from Thomas B. Winston, a citizen of
the county of Lowndes, Mississippi, setting forth
that, in the year 1838, in obedience to an execu-
tion resulting from a judgment recovered against
him, upon an alleged default on his part as a no-
tary public, he was compelled to pay several thou-
sands of dollars to the Government. He conceives
that he was not in fact legally or equitably hound
to pay the amount recovered and paid, and he
prays that the money may be returned to him. I
move the reference of the petition to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition of
William Roberts, a soldier m the la3t war with
Great Britain, asking to be allowed arrearages of
pay and bounty (arid, and a pehsion'; 'which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions. "
CLAIM OF WALTER R, JOHNSON, &C.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make a state-
ment, perhaps in the nature of a report, from the
Committee of Claims. It relates to a bill for the
relief of Charles Reeder, Walter JR.. Johnson, and
others, which was postponed yesterday. The
committee, upon examining the subject this morn-
ing, have discovered an unaccountable mistake,
such a one, perhaps, as hardly ever occurred be-
fore. The gentleman to whom the bill, originally
introduced by myself, was referred, in reporting
upon it, adopted a report made by Governor Fair-
field, in relation to some experiments, which one
of these gentlemen made in a chemical analysis of
coal, and attached it to his report on this bill. The
subject is entirely foreign to the bill, and at the time
it was brought up yesterday 1 was somewhat non-
plussed by u, and was unable to give the explana-
tion requited. The facts are these: In 1843 Con-
gress passed an act authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to appoint three persons to make an <^-
amination of steam boilers and experiments to
prevent explosion, and in passing that act refer-
ence was made to a joint resolution of 1842, au-
thorizing experiments to be made in relation to
Colt's submarine explosions. The joint resolution
of 1842 set apart $15,000 for that purpose, and®e
act of 1843, appointing Messrs. Reeder, Johnson,
and Jones, madp no appropriation whatever to
compensate them for the services which they were
to render in their experiments on steam boilers.
The act of 1843 was so connected with the joint
resolution of 1842 that it might appear that the sum
of $15,000, appropriated by that resolution for an-
other purpose, might be applied to compensate the
three gentlemen appointed under the act of 1843;
but it so happens that the total amount of that ap-
propriation was'exhausted.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will have to
wait until the bill is called up before he can make
his remarks.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was merely stating
the facts on which to base a motion, which I am
instructed to make by the Committee of Claims
this morning; and that is, that the bill and report
may be recommitted to them with a view of
getting the real facts before the Senate. The
gentlemen who are interested in this matter cer-
tainly should not suffer from an oversight of the
committee.
The bill was then taken up, and recommitted to
the Committee of Claims.
GRANT OF LANDS TO ALABAMA.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Alabama in aid of the construction of the
Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama railroad,
reported back the same without amendment, and
asked for its immediate consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I am sorry,
sir, that your colleague is not here, as you, in his
absence, are placed in a different position in re-
gard to this bill than you would be were he pres-
ent. I wish to ask if this is not the third grant of
lands made, or proposed to be made to Alabama
this session ?
Mr. FELCH. I thinkjt is the third.
Mr. WALKER. So I supposed. I must say
that on principle I have been opposed to all these
measures. I do not think it the proper way to
dispose of the public lands.
Mr. TURNEY. Allow me to state,in relation
to one of these grants to Alabama for railroad pur-
poses, that the road only iuns about seven miles
through that State. I meantheNashvilleanu Chat-
tanooga railroad; and the appropriation in that
bill was for alternate sections for the distance of
only seven miles. It is through an old part of the
State, where there is but little public lands, and
the grant is of so little value as to be hardly worth
notice in this connection.
Mr. WALKER. I do not expect to prevent
the passage of this bill, nor shall I make any
strenuous effort in opposition to it, but I wish to
say that, being opposed on principle to these
grants, believing it to be a method of disposing of
the public lands not the best calculated to promote
the public interest, I am opposed to this, as I have
been to all other measures of the kind. 1 have
