1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
terday at half past twelve o'clock, but it was not
then acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the census bill is the regu-
lar special order for to-day. It comes up in order,
and I hope the-Senate will do me the favor to take
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to pro-
ceed to take up the deficiency*bill; the Chair finds
it has been the practice of the Senate to take spe-
cial orders in the order in which they were made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Am I to un-
derstand from the Chair that the motion of the
Senator from New York is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the opinion that it is.
Mr. DAVIS. I do really hope the census bill
will be taken up, according to the disposition that
was made of it when it was made the special or-
der, and that we shall proceed with it until it is
disposed of. I hope the Senate will not take up
the deficiency bill according to the motion of the
Senator from New York. I hardly think it will
take long to dispose of the census bill, and itis
quite manifest that it should be disposed of in some
form promptly and immediately, and I hope the
deficiency bill will not be taken up till this is dis-
posed of.
Mr. DICKINSON. Itis really my jiWgment
that the Senate should proceed to the considera-
tion of this bill. It cannot take much time, and
will not necessarily call out much debate, or oc-
cupy the whole day. The bill which the Senator
from Massachusetts wishes to take up will occa-
sion much debate; besides a Senator who takes
much interest in it, [Mr. Dawson,] has been
called away by a painful bereavement, but he will
be with us'again m a few days. It s,eems to me,
for that reason, we should not proceed with the
census bill. This matter, which'I wish to have
taken up, affects the public finances of the Govern-
ment, and, in my judgment, it should be promptly
acted upon, that the Executive may know what
to do. A day's delay will not make much differ-
ence with the census bill, but this will be much
effected; I cannot give way, and I therefore call
for this bill, that it may be acted upon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 rise simply to give notice
that if the census bill is not taken up, I shall move
to take up for consideration the California bill.
Mr. DAVIS. This subject has been postponed
from time to time, from day to day, and fiora
week to week, till it has reached a period when it
is manifest it ought to be passed into a law. 1
hope, therefore, those who really mean to have any
census bill passed, will stand by me and see that
this measure is taken up to-day.
Mr. KING, i am one of those who are dis-
posed to go with the Senator from Massachusetts
to take up this census bill. I had made up my
mind to do so whenever the proposition was made.
If we intend to pass any such bill, it is necessary
we should take it up as soon as possible. The
only thing I regret is, that the Senator from Geor-
gia, who takes a warm interest in this question, is
not now present. If no great inconvenience would
result from a short delay, 1 would suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts whether, under the
circumstances, it would not be well to wait a few
days, in order that that honorable Senator may
resume his seat in the body ? 1 mention this with-
out an v disposition to throw any obstacle in the
way of the passage of this bill. I think the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts himself will, pei haps, con-
sider it proper that we should delay till the Senator
frum Georgia returns; at least 1 hope he will look
at it in that light, and when he shall return, or if
he does not return in a few days, I myself will vote
to.proceed actively to the disposition of this bill.
A few days delay may have an effect rather to
facilitate the final passage of the bill than to post-
pone it; because it may, if now taken up, lead to
discussion on the part of those who have not
turned their attention to it.
Mr. BUTLER. I am inclined to think that the
Senator from Georgia will not leturn snoit of two
weeks at least.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. That wag my
own impression.
Mr. BUTLER.. I only remark, that I do not
know how far it will interfere with the Senator's
having the floor now.
Mr. KING. Under these circumstances, and
actio0" upon the principle which I have already
avowed, I withdraw all opposition. If it u im-
portant to the country that we should have a cen-
sus bill, I would suggest that it be proceeded with
now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am willing
to show all possible indulgence and courtesy to the
Senator from Georgia. 1 would not do anything
that could have the slightest tendency to hurt his
feelings; but I think it is not probable that he will
return for a considerable time. This motion has
been postponed many times; and, while I am not
able to speak'with any certainty upon this subject,
I am led to believe, with the Senator from South
Carolina, that the Senator from Georgia will not
return under two weeks.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope the Senate will
take up the deficiency bill, for the reason that it
is urgent. Although this census bill has been
postponed several times, and the patience of the
honorable Senator who has had charge of it has
been put to many and severe tests, yet I would
suggest that this bill is being considered in the
other branch of Congress, and is made the special
order for Thursday next, and for each succeeding
day until disposed of; whereas the passage of this
bill is necessary, for the departments are in want
of the money. I ask those who are friends of the
Government to sustain It, and vote with me to take
it up.
Mr. BELL. I concur entirely with the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts in his view of
the importance of taking up the census bill either
now or at an early day. But I desire to suggest
to that honorable Senator, in addition to the fact
of the absence of the Senator from Georgia, who
has taken a great interest in the bill, that a Sena-
tor whom I know to be thoroughly acquainted
with his views, is sick in his chamber, and cannot
be here to-day. 1 think he will probably be able
to be in the 'Senate in a day or two. I am also
aware that that Senator takes considerable interest
in the questions involved in the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia. The Senator from Geoigia
has taken considerable responsibility upon him-
self in offering an amendment to the whole bill
of the census committee ; and if he cannot be
here himself, it is desirable that he should have
some friend to give an explanation of the motives
and grounds which induced him to present that
amendment. That Senator will, in all probability,
be here to-inorrow, or the next day; or at ail events
within a very short time. I offer tins as an ad-
ditional reason why there should be the delay of
a day or two in the consideration of this bill; and
but for that 1 should to-day cordially cooperate
with the honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
I think that lhat measure ought not to be longer
postponed; but I also think, for the reasons which
have been stated, that two or three days further
delay will not be material.
Mr. DAVIS. I am just informed that the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia will not, in all proba-
bility, return here in three weeks. This measure
must not be postponed till that time, and I hope
the Senate will agree to take it up.
The question was then taken on the motion to
take up the deficiency bill, and, a division being
called, there were: Yeas 18, nays 19.
So the motion was lost.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move that we proceed to
the consideration of the census bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated the first ques-
tion to be the amendment to the 9th section pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts when
the bill was last under consideration. it made
provision for compensating the marshals for cer
tain services which they might render under this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I can only say, in regard to that
amendment, that some gentlemen suggested to me
that, in some instances, the marshal himself might
wish to perform the duty, and m that case he
ought to have the same Compensation as the assist-
ant marshal.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not understand the
precise nature of the question, this bill hes been
laid over so long. 1 understand the general motion
to be on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Georgia. I would ask the Chair to state
what is the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands there is a general motion to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert a substitute;
and the question wili be, if no further amendment
is proposed, to strike out the original bill, and
insert the substitute.
Mr. DAVIS- I do not know how the motion
of the Senator from Georgiq stands; but I suppose
it embraces the tables also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the effect of that will be to
strike' out the whole of this bill, including the ta-
bles, and insert the amendment without the tables.
I do not know that that is very material; it will
only render it necessary that we should act, per-
haps, again upon a question which has already
been decided by the Senate in committee. In the
outset of this business there was a proposition
made to strike out the tables inserted by the cen-
sus committee and insert ceitain other tables.
That passed in the negative. But now a different
proposition is made, not only to strike out the
tables, but to strike out the whole bill, which
includes the tables also. I have a proposition
to take up the tables, so that the Senate may
act upon that before they act upon the general
question. That will give me the opportunity of
making a remark or two, provided the Senate will
bear with me. I will occupy their attention but a
few minutes.
The subject was committed to the census com-
mittee early in the session. The only paper which
came to them was a report made by the census
board'—a brief report made to the President, and
sent in by the President, together with a message.
These are all the papers that were sent to the com-
mittee. Nevertheless, when we came to meet in
the committee room, there were a series of tables,'
six in number, laid before the committee by the
secretary of the board of census. These tables he
represented as the tables which had been adopted
by the census board. The committee took up
these tables and proceeded to examine them, and
having inquired whether they were stereotyped,
or whether any printing had been done in connec-
tion with them, and having learned that nothing
of the kind was done, they proceeded to act upon
these tables; and upon examination they thought
them to be susceptible of considerable amendment.
They made pretty large amendments in them; and,
finally, without, any further knowledge of other
tables, they made up their report to the Senate
upon the tables on which they had agreed. Then,
for the first time, there was placed in my hand, by
one of the census board, a set of tables called the
official tables of that board. I have them here;
they are open to the inspection of any Senator
who wishes or desires to see them. These tables
were presented as the doings of the census board.
It turned out, however, on compaiing them with
the doings of the census committee, that there were
some variations—some of them quite important,
and others unimportant; and this leads me to soli-
cit the attention of the Senate for a moment to a
comparison of the papers, to see what these doings
have been, so as to understand the question.
The first table relates to the population, the
white population, and I thought it one of the best
tables I had ever seen. It has undergone some
alterations, and perhaps in some points those altei -
ations might be deemed material; but they aie not
very great. The second related to slave popula-
tion, and has undergone an entire aU^iation 1
believe the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] has the original tables m his possession,
and also the tables which the board of census pro-
posed to adopt. Those proposed to be adopted by
them, and those proposed by the committee are
entirely different from those laid before us. The
whole order and the subject is different, and the
table may be considered as new throughout. The
third table is one which relates to deaths, and is
not materially different from the original table o f
the committee. Some of the headings have been
changed. The tables requiring a statement of the
products of industry, including manufactories and
thm^s of that description, I thought to be an ex-
cellent table, and that has not undergone any ma-
terial change. Some slight changes have been
made in ttie heading and arrangement; but I esteem
it a good table, and I believe that was the opinion
of the committee.
