THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1850.
New Series.'... No. 43.
reliable calculation than would be the case if the
old plan was required to be pursued. In thus
reasoning I imagined myself going: about with the
census taker, and how he would talk with the head
of a family, and how he would make his memo-
randums as he went along, and the conclusion
was irresistible that he would do the business
faster by merely putting down the name and age.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator a difficulty which is insuperable to my mind.
There is not a man in the South owning a hundred
negroes who knows scarcely any more of the names
of the slave children than I do. He would be
obliged to send the census taker to the negro quar-
ters himself, to ascertain the information.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Ail that matter has been
talked ever, and I desire to show my friend that,
in the case he puts, the difficulties under the other
system are quite as insuperable. I f the slave owner
cannot give the name of the children, how is he
to give the age ?
Mr. CLEMENS. He knows how many chil-
dren thereare, and can tell about the time they were
born. Say that he has a negro woman of the name
of Eiiza with four children—he can state about the
time each was born. As to their names, he would
not know anything about that until the children
had reached the age of twelve or fourteen.
Mr. UNDER VVOOD. I cannot speak for the
large negro owners in the South, but 1 can of that
description of people and the negroes in my own
Slate. And I venture to say that there is no plan-
tation in my quarter, although die slavers are noth-
ing like as numerous as they ate in the South, but
what the owner can tell you the name of every per-
son on the plantation, and that without hesitation. '
We generally keep a record of their names and ages.
And 1 should suppose that while the farmersof the
South were recording, according to the suggestion
of the Senator from Alabama, the ages of their
slave children, they could put down something for
their names also.
Mr.-CLEMENS. 1 did not say they had a
record of their ages, but merely that they could
tell very nearly what they were.
. Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, if there was any
record of their ages I should suppose it would be
connected with their names. If no record is kept of
the age, then it has to be guessed at, and the name
may as well be guessed at also, for it is wholly im-
material. But you must describe the children in
some way, or take and put them .down as child
number one, child number two, and give the age
of each. It will do just as well to designate them
by numbers as' by name, provided it secures the
basis of the calculation which it is necessary to
make afterwards. An oath that it is the correct
name of the child is not required, and if the age of
a child can be given, so can a name, and if all aie
given the same name it makes no difference.
Mr. EORLAiND. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator that he says this method of enumeration
will add nothing to the labor of making out these
tables. 1 would ask him if he has considered the
number that will have to be taken. There are by
estimate something like about three million of
slaves in the United States. Suppose the names !
of one hundred are put on each of the books in j
which they have to be recorded, it will be seen |
that there would be about thirty thousand pages
of writing to do. if we are to have the names of
all the white inhabitants, then there would be two
hundred thousand pages to write. Now I suggest
that the addition to this labor of thirty thousand
pages of writing for the slaves, and two hundred
thousand for the whites, would add very materially
to the time and labor required to take the census.
And if it is not proposed to be printed, where is
the use in having it done.' Why get information
that is not to be printed and laid before the public?
But if it is to be printed, then we should have two
hundred and thirty thousand printed pages, that
would answer no practical purpose.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. All these objections have
been duly considered, and I will give the Senator
an illustration: You have about two million five
43
hundred thousand voters in the United States; the
names of everyone of which, in my State at least,
were taken down in writing at the last presidential
election. Where the ballot is pursued perhaps
the names are not taken down; I believe they are,
however 
Several Senators. They are always.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, this illustration
came under consideration, and it will be seen that
in that case, for the purpose of accuracy in the
ballot-box, you take the names of two million five
hundred thousand voters, and the number will be
increasing every four years at a very rapid rate in
all time to rome. Why, there is no difficulty ex-
perienced in that matter, and no printing grows
out of it; and it is a very simple process by which
it is done. Take another illustration, which
passed through my mind: Every year in Ken-
tucky we take all these tilings into tne list of taxa-
ble property. We put down name after name, and
there is no difficulty growing out of it. All these
things were considered by the committee, arid it
struck me at first precisely as rt has other srentle-
men here, and all the questions they have asked,
suggested themselves to me; but, on going into
the calculation, I came at once to the conclusion
that greater accuracy and speed both would be se-
cured by putting* the names down. There is no
difficulty about it. The idea suggested, that the
farmer will not know the names of his slaves makes
no sort of difference. He can know as much about
the names as the age; and all that wc can expect
is, to come as nearly to what is precisely correct
as possible, and that by the safest and most correct
way of getting the information. 1 have nothing
moie, I believe, to say on this particular subject.
Some other points have been suggested, however,
j to which pethaps I had better refer at this time.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my fiiend
! from Kentucky, as a compromise about this mat-
ter, that, with regaid to these little verbal amend-
ments lo this bill, as we all have our ov. n notions
m regard to them, it will be better to take the vote
upon them; for I assure my friend, that if we take
up the time in discussing every verbal amendment,
we shall not pass the bill for two months to come,
J and then it will be too late to accomplish the pur-
pose intended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. ITow would
it meet the view of the honorable Senator who
moved the amendment to place it in the alterna-
tive, and let it be names or numbers ?
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot see the use of taking
the names; in fact, 1 am surprised that idea is
even entertained. My friend from Kentucky gen-
erally has my vote; but upon this matter we see
so differently that I am compelled to be at issue
with him.
The question being put, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I desire to ask of the honorable !
chairman some information. Peihaps I have not |
examined the subject with sufficient care to make j
a motion to amend any particular column of the
tables. I wish to ask the honoiahle gentleman
whether, under the head of capital invested, it is
intended that the value of farmmg utensils and
machinery, such as cotton gins, and machinery
for the manufacture of sugar, shall be ascertained
and set down ; Is there tiny place where these
items can be inseited? I would suggest to the
honorable chairman whether an amendmentought
not to be made to this effect, because in the coun-
try with which I am acquainted there w a large
amount of capital invested m these implements.
Mr. DAVIS, The committee had this subject
under their consideration; and there was a propo-
sition to take an account in the original tables of
the value of agricultural implements. This seemed
to embrace all farming uiensils of every descrip-
tion, and we saw at once that it would be attended
with a great deal of trouble; and that the informa-
tion, when obtained, would not compensate for
the trouble and inconvenience attending its collec-
tion. If it is deemed desirable, however, to take
the valuation of machinery used in the manufac-
ture of sugar, or the valuation of cotton gins, or
| any other articles, I think there may be an amend-
; ment made in the social table.
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
i suggest to the gentleman that that table is not now
i under consideration.
| Mr. BELL. I understand that it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not yet been
1 reached.
j Mr. DAVIS. I can insert the amendment
j which the gentleman suggests, in its proper place.
Mr. BELL. It appears to me to be important
that it should be done, for there is a large invest-
ment of capital in such implements, particularly in
machinery used for the manufacture of sugar. I
supposed, as a matter of course, a place was to be
provided for the capital invested in agricultural
! implements and machinery employed on the sugar
! plantations. I believe that the cost of machinery
on a single plantation amounts! in many instances,
to ten, fifteen, and even twenty thousand dollars.
So of the cotton gins, and the class of machinery
that is used on the cotton plantations of the South.
1 do not understand that it is proposed to insert
the valuation of all description of agricultural
implements and machinery in these tables, but
only the larger articles. I take it for granted that
there is to be some limitation as to value, so as to
exclude the enumeration of articles of compara-
tively insignificant value. 1 desire that such a
proposition shall be inseited, and I thought that
this wasa proper time for so doing".
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator will see
that neither the agricultural nor the social table is
now under consideration.
Mr. BELL. They are all under consideration,
1 believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was moved to
strike out tables two, three, and five, and insert in
lieu thereof, tables one, four, and six; and that
motion was adopted.
Mr. BELL. I submit, sir.
Mr. KING. 1 wish to call the attention of the
Senate to a recent amendment, on the motion of
the Senator from South Carolina. It relates to a
matter that 1 suppose many gentlemen here are
not so well acquainted with as myself. 1 see by
the schedule, that the census board is required to
obtain information as to the places of birth of
slaves. Now there is no southern gentleman here
who does not know that it is wholly impracticable
to obtain information of this description, that will
be at all satisfactory or reliable. This is in sched-
ule number two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last vote that
was taken was to strike out the original tables
one, three, and five, and insert two, four, and six.
Mr. KING. I rose at the same time with the
Senator from Tennessee, for the purpose of making
i the motion which I now propose to make, and I
trust it will be received, which is, to strike out
from the second schedule all that which relates to
information respecting the places of birth of the
slaves. I hope that the Senate will reconsidcr the
vote incorporating schedule number two, so that
I may have an opportunity to make this motion.
Mr. DAVIS. No vote, I believe, has been
taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote was taken
upon the motion to stiike out and inseit, and it
was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I hope that vote will be recon-
sidered.
The question being put upon the motion to re-
consider, it was agreed to.
Mr. KING. The proposition which I now
make is to amend schedule number two, by stri-
king out the words " places of birth." It is well
known that, owing to the natural course of things,
a great number of slaves are taken from one State
to another, and the purchaseis of such slaves
know nothing about their places of birth, and con-
sequently it is utterly out of their power to give
such information, and if it could be given it would
be perfectly valueless. They are known to have
been born within the slave States, but m which of
them is not known. There may be a few who can
tell, but the large majority of them cannot by any
