1S50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(addressing the Speaker) inquired if the morning
hour had expired ?
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. HARRIS inquired if it was in order to
move to proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table ?
Mr. VINTON. If the gentleman will let me
alone, I shall bring my remarks to a close in a
few minutes.
The SPEAKER. It is in order for the gentle-
man to move to proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. RICHARDSON'. I hope my colleague
will not insist upon his motion, but allow the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. HARRIS waived his motion.
Mr. VINTON proceeded with his remarks for
some minutes, when he was again interrupted by
Mr. ROBINSON, who said that the morning
hour having expired, he moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
WESTERN STEAMBOATS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that before
the question was put on the motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Robinson,] he (Mr.
McL.) would ask the unanimous consent of the
House to have a bill printed. He hoped the House
would receive the motion, as he was too unwell to
remain in the House until the committees were
called. It was a bill to amend an act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled, in whole or in part, by
steam, and to limit the number of passengers car-
ried on said vessels.
By general consent the bill was ordered to be
be printed.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Robin-son that the House proceed to the con-
sideiation of business on the Speaker's table.
Some conversation followed, after which—
The question was taken, and the affirmative vote
was declared to be €8.
Mf. ROBINSON asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The negative vote was declared to be 50.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Brown,
of Mississippi, and Jackson, of New York, were
appointed.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Speaker how
many minutes of his hour the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had left?
The SPEAKER said, about twenty minutes.
The question was then again taken, and the
vote stood—ayes 85, noes 53.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order, to be the bill No. 214, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military "Academy at
' West Point, which bill had been returned from the
Senate with amendment.
Mr. BAYLY desired, he said, to state the char-
acter of the amendment made by the Senate, in
order that the Chair might determine whether it
was necessary to commit the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. B then explained the change made in the
bill, in relation to the salaries of professors.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, submitted
to the Chair, as a point of order, that the rule of
the House required that this amendment should
first be considered in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide that
point, not being aware of the character of the
amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON. It increases the appropri-
ation.
The SPEAKER. If the amendment contem-
plates an additional appropriation, it must, in the
opinion of the Chair, be considered in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. It increases slightly the amount
of the appropriation, but 
The SPEAKER. Then it must be considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. .
Mr. WHIT-E was understood to inquire of the
Speaker, whether it was not competent for the
House to concur in the amendment at this time
without referring it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The House cannot, by the
rule, consider a proposition involving an appro-
priation of money, without its first having been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The bill and amendment were then referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
CALIFORNIA.
The bill next in order was the bill from the
Senate providing " for the admission of the State
of California into the Union."
The bill having been read twjpe by its title—
There was a great spring for the floor.
Mr. BOYD obtained it. If (he said, address-
ing the Speaker) I understand this bill, its com-
mitment is not necessary. Does it contain an ap-
propriation ?
The SPEAKER. The bill does not contain
any appropriation, and does not therefore require
to be committed.
Mr. BOYD. Then I propose an amendment
providing for the establishment of the territorial
government of Utah. And I have only to say,
that it is precisely the same amendment as I pro-
posed to the Texan boundary bill, and afterwards
withdrew. My object is to have the sense of the
House 
Mr. VINTON, (interposing.) I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. BOYD. I do not intend to call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Vinton.) The gentle-
man from Ohio will state his point of order.
Mr. VINTON. It is, that the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] is not
germane to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] makes the point of order that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Boyd] is not in order to this bill. The Speaker is
of opinion that the decision made by himself when
the other bill was under consideration, covers the
point of order made by the gentleman from Ohio;
and, in conformity with thatopinion, rules that the
amendment is in order.
. Mr. VINTON. I appeal from the decision, and
inquire of the Speaker whether the appeal is de-
batable ? ■
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. VINTON said he proposed, then, to submit
a few remarks on the appeal.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked that
order might be restored in the Hall.
After the lapse of some time—
Mr. VINTON proceeded with his remarks- He
said that as the Speaker had placed his decision
upon the principle of that made the other day on
the Texan boundary bill, he (Mr. V.) desired to
say a word on that point. That bill came from
the Senate. It was a bill to settle the boundary
line of the State of Texas, and nothing else, except
to pay a sum of money to Texas. According to
his understanding of the matter, nothing was in
order on that bill except an amendment changing
the line of boundary or the amount of money to
be paid. There was not a word in the bill about
territory acquired from Mexico. It had nothftig
to do with territory acquired from Mexico. Would
the Speaker have decided, if he had moved to
amend the Texas boundary bill by a proposition
to establish a circuit court in the State of Texas,
that it was a proper amendment? He thought not.
Yet such an amendment would certainly have been
as germane as an amend ment providing a territorial
government for New Mexico. Now, here was a
bill to establish a State government for California,
and to admit her as a State into the Union. The
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky pro-
posingto establish a territorial government forUtah,
had no connection whatever with it. A State and a
Territory were not akin to each other. The ad-
mission of a State was an act in the exercise of a
power vested in Congress by the Constitution, and
was an act of an entirely different nature from the
organization of a territorial government. He ob-
jected to the introduction of this question of a ter-
ritorial government in this bill.
Mr. McCLERN AND. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio has taken an appeal from the
decision of the Chair ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative, and
stated that the question was on the appeal taken
by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will not, at this late
stage of the session, protract the debate on this
appeal. The point of order has been discussed in
this and in the other branch of Congress, from
time to time, during the whole session; it is a loss
of time to continue the discussion further at this
late stage of the session; and I rise to terminate it
by moving the previous question upon this appeal,
or by moving to lay it on the table.
The SPEAKER. What motion does the gen-
tleman make?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House? Upon this question the gentleman from
Illinois moves the previous question. -
Will the House second the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. SCHENCK called for the reading of the
53d rule.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
appeal on the table,
Mr. RUMSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The 53d rule was read:
"No motion or proposition on a subject different fron 
that under consideration shall be admitted under color of
amendment. No bill -or resolution shall, at any lime, be
amended hy annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
The question being upon laying the appeal on
the table,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 86, nays 116; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertaon, Andeison, Averett, Bay,
Bayly. Beale, Bissell, Bokee, Bowie, Bowlin, Rojd, Breck,
Biooks, William J. Blown, Buel, E. Carrington Cabell,
Georee A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clmgman, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Dimmick, Dunham, Edmund-
toii, Eliot, Alexandei Evans, Ewing, Featherston, Puller,
Gentry, Gerry, Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Hall, Haralson,
Ishain G. Hurii.s, Thomas L. Harris, Hajmond, Hibbard,
Hilliarri, Hoagland, Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Janres L. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Keir, LrfHer,
Levin, Job Mann, Marshall, M.rsou, McClernand, McDon-
ald, McDowell, MeLauahari, Robert M. MeLane, McMul-
len, Morehead, Morton, Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee,
Phcenix, Powell, Robbms, Rose, Ross, Savage, ShepperJ,
Frederick P. Stanton, Strong, Sweelser, Thomas, Ja.-ob
Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson, Toombs,
Walden, Watkins, Wellborn, William*, and Young—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A*he, Baker, Bennett,
Brngbfnn, Booth, Bowdon, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Bur-
rows, Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Col-
coek, Cole, Corwln, (Jrowell, Deberry, Dickey, Disney,
Di von, M iry, Direr, Duncan, Durkee, Nathan Evans, Filch,
Fowler, Fieedley, Giddings, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, [J.il-
hnvav, Hal Ian, Sampson W. Harris, He barf!, Henry, Holla-
day, Holmes, Houston, HowlS, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, Julian, Geoige G.
King, James G King, John A. King, Preston Kins, Inttie-
field, Horace Ma n, Matteson, McGauirhey, McKi*sock,
Finis E. Mel-tfiau, McQueen, Mc Willie, Meacham, Meade,
Millsori, Moore, Moins, Morse, Nelson, Newell, Ogle,
Olds, Orr, Otis, Peck, Phelps, Pitman, Poiter, Puiiiam,
Reed, Reynolds, Robinson, Root, Ruinsey, Saekett, Saw-
telle, Schenck, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, Serlflon, Sil-
vester, Sprague, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stetson, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van
Dvke, Veoable, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth,
White, Whittlesey, Wilson, and Woodward—116.
[Mr. McLANE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hammond, was detained from his seat for this
day, and had paired off with a gentleman from
New York, Mr. Conger.]
So the appeal was not laid on the table.
• The question recurring, " Shall the decision of
'the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" and the question first being upon the second
of the demand for the previous question,
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired, in case the pre-
vious question were seconded, how long it would
continue in operation.
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
exhaust itself upon the appeal.
Mr. GIDDINGS repeated the question of Mr.
Richardson, and received from the Speaker a
similar reply.
The previous question was seconded; and
The main question was ordered.
The main question was, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. BINGHAM, Mr. GOTT, and many othera
demanded the yeas and nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was then
