1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
the history of animals that have disappeared from
the world ? By these you may learn a knowledge
of the age of the earth; you get, literally speaking,
the ancient history of the world; but what is the
use? Sir, I do not know that you can convert
these physiological facts, if they be so, to any
actual utilitarian purpose. You cannot effect any
particular object, but you add to the general mass
of human knowledge. You search for the dis-
tance of a fixed star, or its satellites, seen only by
a telescope, and yet after enough is known for
navigation, I do not know that you can apply that
particular knowledge to any very special purpose.
Of what possible wlUily is the knowledge of them?
Where was the utility of the late discovery of the
new planet, and of a thousand other scientific facts
and explorations which can hardly be converted
to any very practical purpose in legislation. And :
yet I suppose it would be perfectly legitimate for
our astronomer here at the Observatory to enter
upon a series of observations for the purpose of
ascertaining any of those facts; and if such facts
were ascertained, they would be useful—useful, as
extending the sphere of useful knowledge. That
was what I meant, when 1 made use of the word
"useful," though I might have used, perhaps,
more precise and appropriate language.
Mr. BADGER. My friend has made himself
extremely intelligible now; his curious and useful
being precisely the same thing. The discovery of
every new fact, whether curious or not, is an en-
largement of human knowledge; but in lus state-
ment he said that the fact here would be curious,
and besides that, useful also. Now what is his
explanation? Why, it enlarges the bounds of
human knowledge. So does every discovery; but,
if it. cannot be applied to any practical purpose
under the sun, it is curious, merely—serving to
gratify the speculation of those who are engaged
in scientific pursuits. This particular knowledge,
if gained, would be like the discovery of a new
star as he says—which could not be made avail-
able for any practical purpose—curious certainly;
but when the Senator said, in addition to that, that
the inquiry here would be useful, 1 supposed he
meant something more. I take it there is some-
thing of use implied in the term useful; but now
it turns out that by " curious" and "useful" he
meant the same thing. Now, I do not deny that
upon a proper occasion we may send an explor-
ing expedition—for the purpose of ascertaining
curious facts—around the world; but upon the
present occasion we are endeavoring to ascertain
statistical information for the benefit of the coun-
try, and as a country; to aid our legislation, to
enable us to understand the condition and state of
our country, with a view to governmental action;
and it turns out that the fact to be discovered has no
relevancy, no practical purpose to which it can be
applied—nothing which either directly or indi-
rectly can affect our action in any legislation or
governmental capacity. It is, therefore, so far as
we are concerned, at least, a mere curious and not
a useful fact or question.
Mr. BUTLER. In relation to the remarks
which have been made, perhaps it is just I should
say that this part of the tables I am inclined to
think originated with southern gentlemen, and
1 have never imputed to northern gentlemen an#
design to obtain the information with a view to
make war on southern institutions. No one has
ever supposed any such thing, and I was surprised
(hat any one should give it any o her suggestion.
I now say this much. 1 know, sir, that there is a
discussion going on at this time in the southern
portion of the United States—perhaps in the
northern portion too—on this very subject. A
very philosophical discussion is being carried on
by a very distinguished physician at Mobile, and
others, involving the very information, or con-
nected with the information that may be obtained
in this way. I am utterly opposed, however, to
using our proceedings heie, as a vehicle for infor-
mation of a philosophical kind for other persons.
The opinion does obtain, I must say candidly, in
the southern part of the United States, that the
mulatto or mixed man is shorter lived than the
black; but the decided impression is, that he has
moie intelligence—that he rises in the scale of intel-
ligence. That is the decided opinion entertained
there. These are mere speculative views; but as
the Senator from Kentucky wishes to have every-
thing given with so much exactness, the census
taker will have to carry about with him an instru-
ment, to which we must give a Greek name—a
phrenometer—to measure the line of difference be-
tween the minds of the black and the white; they
must have some phrenometrical instrument to
gratify the curiosity of the philosophers. If it is
our purpose to publish documents to accommodate
the tastes and views of speculative philosophers, I
do not see why we should not inquire who has
most sense, a black man or a mulatto. I believe
the general opinion is, that the mulatto exceeds the
black both in intelligence and pride. I understand
that the individual now at the head of the republic
of Liberia, is a mulatto, and I believe there is no
instance of the mulatto coming in contact with the
black in which he does not assume the superiority.
These are mere speculations. I believe they have
originated, in some measure, both at the North
and at the South. But I rose merely to say that I
never imputed to northern gentlemen any im-
proper design in desiring to obtain this information;
and I was surprised that any northern gentleman,
or any one else, should ever have given it any such
direction.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to say to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that if he will give us
this article which he has invented, I will send the
machine round with the census takers to apply it
to the minds as well as to the bodies of the popu-
lation. [Laughter ]
Mr. DICKINSON. As gentlemen are propo-
sing to take the admeasurement of mind in those
of different color, I would simply suggest that it
be taken by the square root. [Laughter.]
Mr. YULEE. It is very clear, sir, that this
information will not be useful for any purpose of
legislation; but I think that if it should be the de-
termination of the Senate to enter on the investiga-
tion, the bill must be recommitted to the commit-
tee; for, as now proposed, it will be utterly without
effect in obtaining the desired information. The
Senate will perceive, by leferenceto the tables, that
it is to be applicable only to the slave population
of the country; whereas, without proceeding fur-
ther, it is very well known to every gentleman
that the population of the mixed colors is mostly
belonging to the free classes. Then, sir, it pro-
I poses to inquire simply in respect to the slaves; if
| a female, the number of children; but it does not
distinguish whether the female is black or of a
I mixed color. You can obtain no result whatever
in the direction intended, from anything which
can come within the return made in obedience to
these tables. The tables which the committee
have reported are utterly wide of the object by
which the Senator from Kentucky says they were
governed, and a recommittal would be necessary.
I shall therefore vote to strike out the part pro-
posed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The remark of the gen-
tleman from Florida may have some truth in it,
and a change may be necessary in the table as it
now stands; but as the table was reported by the
committee, it gave you the name of the female, her
color, the number of her children, her age, and
everything about her; but you have mutilated it
so by your amendments that a change may now
be necessary
Mr. YULEE. The name would not have given
us the color, whether she was black, ash-color, or
mulatto.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman is quite
mistaken, there was a column for color.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say but one word
before the question is taken. I see, sir, m eveiy
stage in the progress of this discussion, confirma-
tion of the view which 1 have held from the first,
that it should be reduced to the limits of the enu-
meration. You see at every siep the field enlarge.
We had natural science before, we had s'atistics
of every kind, and now the subject of controversial
theology is added to it. You had before astrono
my and other branches of natural science involved
in the discussion; but now you see contioversial
theology introduced into it, and the whole question
is becoming so comnlicdted, expansive, and in-
volved, that I despair of seeing any practicable
result until everything is stricken out but the enu-
meration. I must be excused if I trouble the
Senate too much upon this subject, for 1 feel on
account of my own State a very deep interest in
it, that this enumeration should be taken as the
Constitution requires it to be taken. We have at
this time but one Representative in the other wing
i of the Capitol, and yet with our present popula-
tion, even should the ratio be increased to one
hundred thousand, would be entitled certainly to
three if not to four Representatives. I shbuld con-
sider myself wanting in the duty I owe to my
State, if I were to refuse to exercise what feeble
powers [ have for the purpose of facilitating the
passage of the census bill, seeing that it is being
loaded down with everything that the imagination
of man can conceive of, and that it will be utterly
impossible lo pass the bill in time to comply with
the requirement of the Constitution, and by that
means my State will still remain without her due
representation at the other end of the Capitol.
1 repeat that, under these circumstances, 1 should
feel myself wanting in the duty I owe to my State,
if I did not exert all my feeble powers to facilitate
the passage of the hill; and the only course by
which I see any hope of accomplishing that, is to
get rid of everything but the performance of the"
constitutional duty to take an enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States. That is now
with me the grand aim, the prominent idea, and
the great duty which I have to perform, although
I might be willing, on ordinary occasions, when
it could be done without injury to the public in-
terests, to engage in these philosophical explora-
tions, and to appoint a score of philosophical
men to explore every region of natual science,
although it is a questionable power, or rather
not questionable, for I believe we have no such
power. But, admitting that we have such power,
and that we might by construction entertain such
a proposition, and exercise such a power, this is
no time to do it, and we cannot do it now without
serious injury to a great public duty. Therefore
1 hope that all these things will be stricken out of
the bill, and that it will be reduced to a practicable
form, and one strictly in conformity with the Con-
stitution, and that we shall be left to the duty of
performing our constitutional requirements.
The motion to strike out was then put and car-
ried .
Mr. BORLAND. I now move to strike out
column number ten, headed " deaf, dumb, blind,
insane, or idiotic."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. It has been
customary hitherto to gather these facts.
J Mr. BORLAND. I will only remark that the
| objections 1 have urged to the others I think
j apply with equal force to this A difficulty would
| arise at once in obtaining the information relative
! to the insane or idiotic. I think that every objec-
tion urged to the others applies to this.
The question to strike out was then put and lost.
Mr. BORLAND moved to strike out column
eleven, headed " the degree of removal from pure
blood."
The motion was carried, on division.
Mr. YULEE. As the table now stands I be-
lieve there remains nothing but a column for the
li name of the slaveholder, one for the number of
slaves, and a column for the specification of age,
! sex, and color. Now it would be perfectly impos-
i sible to obtain the specific age of each individual
I slave, because if you go on a plantation of one hun-
! dred negroes you are told by the proprietor that
! there aie one hundred, but he cannotundci take to
j| give the particular age of each of the hundred. I
: propose to substitute for the whole of that a fonu
| which I think the committee themselves ill adopt
i! after the amendments which have been made ill the
I] table. The first column will contain the name of
i the owner of the slaves; the next the number of
1 slaves; the next the number of mules under fifteen;
! the next the number over fifteen; then the number
i! of males over fifty, ami so on with the females.
That would be the only way to make these general
returns, but it would be perfectly impossible^ to
: give the specific age of each sUve. I propose this
1, as an amendment. If'gentlemen pleate, they may
add another column of the number of slaves over
the fio-e of eighty. 1 think it will be found that the
i proportion of aged slaves is very great.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts^ If i
my mem-
ory serves me, and 1 call the etleniion of toe oen-
ate to the fuct, there was in former statistics of
this description usually a discrimination rn-sng
from one to five years of age, lire to ten, ten to
fifteen, fifteen to twenty, and so on. That has
been done in former censuses, and t neve r heard
that there was any particular difficulty in doing it.
It has been thoiignt desirable to me.ke the ccnsus
thus particular m oruer that we might see the
progress of the population, and it has been hith-
