678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
erto deemed important information, and obtained
without difficulty.
Now, sir, the proposition as this table stands is
to bring it to the same result, but by a little
shorter process. It is to take the name of the
owner and the age and number of the slaves, and
when that is done you have got all the data neces-
sary when you come to prepare the condensed
table or compendium, and it would be easy to
arrange them in any classification that may be de-
sirable. It is a much more simple mode. Per-
haps there may be a difficulty in obtaining the
precise age of all the slaves, but it can be ascer-
tained certainly with sufficient accuracy, and I
hope the table will be permitted to stand as it ts.
Mr. YULEE. The object of the amendment
is this. The Senate determined to strike out the
column which contained the names of the slaves,
but the column requiring the specification of the
age of the slaves had reference to a column in
which the names of the slaves would be recorded.
The practical difficulty of the table as it now
stands is, that you would be obliged to go over
particulars in respect to each individual slave on
the plantation when there is no necessity for it.
The table which I propose to substitute answers
every practical purpose. It gives you the number
of slaves between the age of fifteen, at which they
usually commence to work, and the age of fifty
when they usually do full work, and the number
of slaves beyond fifty, when they begin to cease
to be of much use on the plantation. That is all
which is practically useful to be known in the sta-
tistics of this description of the population of the
country. It seems to me that the amendment
gives us a compact table, giving us all the in-
formation we require, and which can be obtained
with less labor than that proposed by the commit-
tee, and be more convenient and useful.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. One word in
reply, i cannot conceive of a more simple mode
to obtain the end we have in view, than the table
as if now stands. It is simply, as amended, to
take the number of the slaves, and their age, sex,
and color? Now does not every gentleman per-
ceive that he has here ail the information to enable
him to make any classification he sees fit, m the
simplest form in which it can be obtained ? One
won! more in regaid to the publication of the re-
turns. It is the classification only which is to be
published. The facts bem# all obtained, you can
make a compact classification of these facts, and
that n what is intended to be published. The ta-
bic has the simplest form possible, and I hope it
will stand.
Mr. DAYTON. I merely lise to say, that you
destroy the entire value of these tables, asa matter
o( reference and coinpauson, by these changes in
the mode m which you make the returns. By
changing the mode of making the return every ten
yeais, you destroy the whole value of the statis-
tics for reference and comparison. Now here is
the classification ten years ago: slaves under ten
years of age, slaves over ten and under twenty-
four, slaves over twenty-four and under thirty-six,
slows over thitty-six and under fifty-five, slaves
over fifty-five and under one hundred, slaves over
one hundred. Now, if you adopt the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Florida, you change
the mode of classification, and no comparisons can
be made, none at all; but as it now stands the table
enables you to make the comparison, for you can
make the classification as well from the return in
thi^ foim as in that of the last census.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Yulee was
thfn tejccted.
The qu< stion then recurred on the motion to in-
sert table two, as amended, which was adopted.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out the whole of the bill after the enacting
clnuse, and nisei t as an amendment the bill sub-
mitted by Mr. Dawson.
Mr. BELL proposed to amend table number four
of the original bill, by adding a column for " the
value of machinery on plantations." He said, I
will only repeat what i said befoie, that it seems
to me there is a large amount of capital vested ml
madimt-ry and applied to agricultural purposes, j
such a«! for the cleaning of cotton and the manu-
facture of sugar, not embraced m any other table.
1 believe the chairman of the committee will not
o1 iK'ct to the amendment.
Mt\ DAVIS. No, I am quite willing to accept
Mr. BELL. Perhaps upon each sugar planta-
tion there are ten, fifteen, or twenty thousand dol-
lars' worth of machinery.
Mr. BORLAND, (in his seat.) On some plan-
tations there is as much as fifty thousand dollars'
worth.
Mr. BELL. On the cotton plantations also the
machinery i-s very valuable. My object is to show
the resources of the country and the wealth em-
ployed in planting. There is a table exhibiting
the amount invested in manufactures, and it is but
right and proper that the amount of capital vested
in machinery of this description on plantations
should be reported, as it is also a portion of the
wealth and resources of the country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make one sugges-
tion to the gentleman who offered the amendment.
This matter was considered pretty extensively by
the committee, and there was a column embracing
the subjects which he has now in view in the ori-
ginal tables presented, and which was left out, and
which was headed " the value of farming imple-
ments and machinery." The reason for leaving
it out was, that we thought that if we went into
the investigation of every plough, and hoe, and
cart, and every agricultural implement upon the
plantations, that it would take more time to get the
information, perhaps, than to enumerate the in-
habitants; and 1 now wish to suggest to my friend
from Tennessee, whether he will not modify his
amendment by adding " when it exceeds five hun-
dred or one thousand dollars."
Mr. BELL. The amendment is limited to ma-
chinery.
Mr. DAVIS. It is limited to the machinery on
the plantations.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That will do; I am sat-
isfied.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
wJuch was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The beading as it stands I think
is not well devised for obtaining the information
sought for. I therefore propose, before the word
animals, to insert the words "vedue of," and stuke
out 44fatted and sold for," leaving the word
"slaughtered," so that it will read "value of ani-
mals slaughtered during the year."
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
NMr. CHASE. I wish to move an amendment,
to insert two columns, one showing in what crop
theie has been a partial or total failure, and the
other showing the aveiage product of the crops.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will turn to page
six, he will find a column wilh these questions:
First, "Has this season produced average crops ?"
Second, "What crops are short'" And third,
"To what extent.'" These questions, [ think,
will cover ail the information desired.
Mr. CHASE. Well, then, instead of pressing
that motion, I will withdraw it, and move to insert
this inquiry, "What is the average crop?" IViy
reason for wishing to insert this question in the
schedule is, that wheat is quite an important item
to the people of the w estern country, and it will
be desirable to that poition of the countiy to have
information upon this t>ul>jcct.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator, if he will examine
the schedule, will perceive that the first question
is, "Has this season produced an average crop?"
I do not think you can make it any better.
Mr. CHASE. ] do not know that I can; but 1
think it will be a little more satisfactory to the
farmers of the West, if the Senator will agree to
the suggestion. I understand these schedules
were matte up by the Senator from Illinois, for
the purpose of bunging forward this general idea.
The questions in the schedule reported by the
committee are these: " Hus this season produced
average crops > What crops are short ? And to
whatextent?" It will cover it if you add, after
" to what extent," " the average crop." We now I
get the amount of one year by the schedule given j
here, and only one yeai; whereas, by "theater- !
age crop" we get what is very desirable to have
known; and I know that the conductors of a< ri-
culittral papers, and farmers in the western coun-
try generally, leel a great degree of interest in
these questions. If my friend will agree to this
amendment, 1 know that it will satisfy them. Mv
amendment is, to add after the words " to what
extent, the words "and what is the average
crop per year."
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against this amend-
ment; yet, if there was a reliable plan by which
this information could be obtained, I should vote
for it, and for ample means to obtain it; but in
place of benefiting this bill, I think such amend-
ment will be a great injury to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I wjll put the Senator in pos-
session of the plan of the committee. This sixth
table, called the social table, has no reference to,
and is not connected with, any individual or any-
individual's farm, but it is designed that the ques-
tion should be answered for a county or a town,
or a section of country; as, for example, you go
into a township, and there you have persons to
take these statistics, who will ascertain from the
best sources of information they can, what is the
average crop of wheat or any other crop, whether
it falls short, and if so, to what extent. This
question is to be put as to a town, if you please;
or a county if you please; and that is the mode by
which this average is to be ascertained, which is
supposed to be much more correct than any in-
quiry made as to a particular farm. All useful
statistics are to begot more or less in that way—
those which relate to wages, to paupers, or to
crime. This information is to be collected in a
mass—that is, for counties and towns.
Mr. RUSK. I understand that. I think stilt
the same objection applies to it; but, as I said, I
would vote for it if we could get information with
accuracy, so that it would be reliab'e. But will
this plan be so ? The marshal and his assistants
can inquire of just whom they choose, and an
answer may be given, under a feeling of ambition
to make a larger amount, or, on the other hand, it
may be given withoutany regard to tiuth. 1 think
the information cannot be reliable. There is no
time given to the marshal to do this; and I think
you will find that a mass of matter will be col-
lected, even if he has it, that will be useless.
There are other means of obtaining this informa-
tion which I think are better; the agricultural so-
cieties are much more reliable, and the Commis-
sioner of Patents is collecting information of Ihia
sort, and I certainly would prefer relying on that.
If this plan is adopted, you will stop the other
sources, which are more reliable, in my opinion,
than this, which appears to me to be a complicated
system, and one which will add agreat expense to
obtain it, and after all it will be a sort of informa-
tion not reliahle. If it were reliabe, how is it to
be used ? The publishers of newspapers cannot
go to the expense ot publishing a mass of matter
that would fill many volumes, and circulating it
among the people. If information is to be had" on
this subject that is reliable, it will have to be ob-
tained through the agricultural societies, or you
will have to go to an enormous expense in pub-
lishing matter which will never be re„d. If there
was some plan of obtaining information with uc-
curacy, it would he important to have it, for it is
desirable in itself and would be creditable to the
country; but I think it is totally impracticable.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to say that the assistant
marshals are to have districts not exceeding twenty
thousand persons; they are compelled, by "the very
terms of the act.^o go to every farm m that dis-
trict, and if they .visit every farm and inquire what
is the crop of vv lieat usually raisetl on the estate,
they will ceitainly have the means of making out
what is the average crop, and this too without
essentially impeding their operations; provided
those who give the information can be relied upon,
their mfoimation will be correct. Now, if you
get this information from the newspapers, you
must first take it from those who raise the prod-
ucts, and it seems to me the plan is as reliable as
any that can be devised.
Mr. SHIELDS. The only object i have in
urging this is, that the information may be given
which will be correct as to one section of the
countiy. Last year, unfortunately, we had a
shoit crop, and the inquiries made iii the amended
form will better suit our people. Our editors are
writing to us to sccure this amendment, and we
think it important to have it passed.
1 lie question being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill. Tins section
provides that the returns shall be made by the
marshal to the Seeretaiy of the Interior by the 1st
of October. A subsequent section provides that
the assistants shall make their returns to the mar-
shals before the 1st of October. But between the
