1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 7,
The question recurring, " Shall this bill pass I"
The previous question was seconded, and
The main question was ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, Mr. GOTT,
and others demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " Shall this bill pass?" was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 150,
nays56; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alberkon, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Hay, Bennett, Binaham, Bissell, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Breck, Brigas, Brooks, W. J. Brown,
Buel Burrows, Chester Butler, T. B. Butler, Joseph Cable,
1. P 'caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler,
Clarke, Cole, Cm win, Crowell, Dickey, Diminick, Disney,
Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Eliot, Alex-
ander Evans, Nathan Evans. Ewing, Pitch, Fowler, Freed-
ley Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Gilinore, Gorman,
Gotl Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Hailoway, Hamilton, Harlan,
Thomas L. Harri-., Haymond, Henry, Hihbard, Hoagland,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, A. Johnson,
James L. Johnson. Jones, Julian, Kerr, George G. King, J.
G. King, John A. Kin?, Preston King, Leffler, Levin, Little-
field Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matteson,
McClernand, McDonald, MeGaughcy, McKissock, McLan-
 han, Robert M. McLane, F. E. McLean, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, (.'Ids, Ous, Peas-
lee, Peck Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Weed,
Reynolds, Richardson, Rolibins, Robinson, Root, Rose,
Ro".. Rumsev, Sackett, S.iwtelle, Schenek, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spraeu , Stanly, '1 haddeus Stevens,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Taylor, James Thompson, John
B. Th- nipson, Tlnuman, Tuck, Underhill, Van Djke, Vin-
ton Walden, Waldo, Watklns, Wentworth, White, Wllil-
tle«'ev VViUlrick, Williams, Wilson, and Young—150.
N.\yS—Messrs. Ahlon, Ashe, Averett, Baylv, Beale,
Bnwdnn. Bovd, A. G. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell, Geoige A.
Caldwell, Clinnmiiii, W. R W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, De-
beriv, Etliniindson, Fealhersion, Green, HaraUnn, Isham
G Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Hilhard, Holladav, Howard,
Hubbard, Inse, Joseph W. Jackson, Robert W.Johnson,
Km'man, La Sire, McDowell, McMullen, McQneen, Mc-
Willie Meade, Millson, Morse, Moiton, Orr,Outlaw, Owen,
Parker Powell, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Thomas, J .cob Thompson,
Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wellborn, and Woodward—56.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and that that motion be laid on the
table. ...
The SPEAKER suggested that the question
should first be taken on the title of the bill.
The title of the bill was then read, and agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Richardson, and haying been decided in the
affirmative, the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill had been passed was laid upon the
table.
UTAH.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
of taking up the bill to establish the territorial
government of Utah.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is
in order, but the committee must determine what
business it will take up.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, I move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CROWELL moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. PHELPS asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And the question having been taken, the House
refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Harris, of Illinois, and was decided m the
affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Mc-
Clernand in the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN announced the regular busi-
ness before the committee to be the special message
of the President relating to the admission of Cali-
fornia, and the bill of Mr. Doty on the same
subject.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that the Sub-
ject be laid aside, and that the committee take up
the Senate bill to establish the territorial govern-
ment of Utah.
The CHAIRMAN made a remark not heard.
Mr. BOYD inquired if it was in order to offer
a substitute.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, withdrew the
substitute he had heretofore offered to Mr. Doty's
BOYD. Then I propose the adoption of
what I send to the Chair.
He sent up an amendment, as a substitute for
the bill, and stated that it was the amendment
which he had offered some days ago, for the es-
tablishment of a territorial government for Utah,
and which he had subsequently withdrawn. He
suggested that the first reading be waived, and that
the bill be read section by section for amendment,
Mr. VENABLE. I rise to a question of order.
I ask for information in the first place whether the
Utah bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? *
No response was heard from the Chairman.
Great confusion prevailed.
Mr. BOWLIN. I move that the bill be read
section by section for amendment.
Mr. BOYD. I should be glad if we could have
order. I do not understand what we are about.
The CHAIRMAN. It is proposed that the bill
be read section by section for amendment.
Mr. BOYD. That is my proposition.
Mr. HARRfS, of Illinois. Before the reading
commences, I would like to inquire of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, whether the bill he proposes
is a copy of the Senate bill ? whether there are
any changes ? and if so, what they are ?
Mr. Doty here withdrew his bill to admit Cali-
fornia as a Slate.
Mr. BOYD. As every gentleman on the com-
mittee understands what the Senate bill is, I pro-
pose, by unanimous consent, that we avoid travel-
ing step by step over the various intervening
questions to reach it, and at once to take up the
Utah bill as it was sent to us from that body. If
gentlemen object, we can act upon the bill I pro-
pose.
The CHAIRMAN. Is the unanimous consent
given to take up the Senate bill ?
No objection was heard.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that no objection is made.
Mr. FOWLER. To read the bill section by
sections ?
The CHAIRMAN replied affirmatively.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the Chairman have the
goodness to call the committee to order, so that
we can hear and see what is going on.
The CHAIRMAN called to order, and requested
gentlemen to take their seats.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to es-
tablish a territorial government for Utah" was
then taken up.
The first section was read, as follows :
"Belt enact.etI, S[c., <fc., That all that part of the territory
of the United States'included within the following limits,
to wit- hounded on the west by the State of California, on
the north by the Territory of Oregon, and on the east by the
summit of the Rocky Mountains, and on the south hy the
thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude, be and the same is
hereby created into a temporary government, by the name
of tile Territory of Utah; and when admitted as a State, the
said Territory, or ami portion of the same, 'Judi be rereired
into the Union, with or without slavery, ns their constitution
may prccritie at the time of their admission: Provided, That
nothing in this act contained shall be construed to inhibit
the Government of the United States from dividing said
Territory into two or more Territories, in such manner and
at such tunes as Congress shall deem convenientand proper,
or from attaching any portion of said Territory to any other
State or Territory of the United Slates."
Mr. WENTWORTH. There is one proviso
in this section of the bill; and there may not be a
more appropriate place to add another. I move
the following amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
know what bill we have before us?
The CHAIRMAN replied, the bill from the
Senate establishing a territorial government for
Utah.
The amendment proposed hy Mr. Wentworth
was read:
"That neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
for crime whereofthe party shall have been duly convicted,
shall exist in any ot the Territories acquired by the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo."
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to say this to
the House—1 will not detain them a minute—that
I would like if the committee would allow the
amendment to be voted upon the bill here in com-
mittee, so as to bring us to a test vote upon this
question in the House. I am not so blind to the
existing state of things in this House as not to
know that this amendment will be voted down;
but in the spirit of amity and concord [a laugh]
which has prevailed generally for a few days past,
I hope the House will consent that the small mi-
nority now in favor of the Wilmot proviso may
have the opportunity of recording their votes upon
the question.
Mr. HARALSON was understood to raise the
point of order against the amendment of Mr.
Wentworth, that it was irrelevant and out of or-
der, as it applied to the Territories for whieh Con-
gress had already provided territorial governments,
and was not confined to the Territory to which this
bill related.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to sustain
the point of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Let the Clerk modify
it to make it in order.
The amendment was read in its modified form,
as follows:
" That neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
for crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed, shall exist in the said Territory."
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Wentworth,
Mr. BOOTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Savage and
Fowler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 78.
So the amendment was re jected.
Mr. BOYD. I move that the committee rise,
with the view of closing the debate.
Mr. MEADE. 1 have an amendment to offer.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, appealed to
Mr. Boyd to withdraw his motion to rise, stating
that it was not necessary, because no disposition
had been shown by any gentleman to debate.
Mr. MEADE. I offer an amendment to come
in at the end of the first section of the bill, carrying
out the principle of non-intervention.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" That all laws heretofore passed by Congress prohibiting
Alrican slavery in any Territory lying west of the Missis-
sippi river, be and the same are hereby repealed."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. MEADE. I take an appeal fiom that de-
cision. -
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative without
a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed,
Mr. SEDDON moved the following amendment,
to come in immediately after the provision that the
Territories when formed into States should be
admitted with or without slavery, as the people
should in their constitutions declare:
" And that prior to the formation of State constitutions,
there shall be no prohibition by reason of any law or usaee
existing in said Teriitory, or by the action ol the territorial
legislature, of the emigration of all citizens of the United
States with any kind of properly recognized as such in any
of the States of the Union."
Mr. S. said: I offer this amendment,Mr. Chair-
man, for no purpose of mere delay or obstruction,
but in good faith, to obtain an expression of the
sense of the committee. It is not my purpose to
comment upon the details or character of the meas-
ures which, by itsactionon yesterdayand to-day,
it is clear this House has resolved to consummate
and pass. I feel too strongly and deeply the gross
iwrong and outrage they inflict on my section and
sState to characterize them in terms at once just
jand befitting the decorum of this place. This, the
last in the series, is indeed the least objection-
able, because it is based on the semblance of
non-intervention, and may be considered as hold-
ing out the profession of not excluding from
the poor remnant of the magnificent acquisitions
obtained from Mexico, covered by its provisions,
the citizens of slavehoiding States with their prop-
erty. From all the residue, I fear, the southerner
with his property must be held forever excluded—
from the wide domains and exhaustless treasures
of California by positive prohibition, now con-
summated and ratified by the legislative sanction
of this Congress, and from the whole extent as
well of the territory purchased from Texas as of
that included under the designation of New Mex-
ico, both by the .supposed opeiation of Mexican
law, and the well-known determination so recently
evinced by the people on whom present power is
conferred to exclude the institutions of the South.
The only chance remaining to the South is in that
isolated desert portion of the Great Basin, which
has been abandoned, from its worthlessness, to the
Mormons; and even in regard to that,I wish now
to test whether there is really to be, on the part
of the South, the privilege of participation in its
enjoyment. I wish, sir, to see if the principle of
