1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
time of the returns to the marshal by the assist-
ants, and the time when returns are to be made to
the Secretary of the Interior, a comparison and
arrangement must be made by the marshals.
Now, if the returns of (he assistants are delayed,
as they may be, till near the 1st of October, it
will be impossible for the marshals to have their
returns made out at that time. I move, therefore,
to strike out the words " 1st of October," and to
insert the words " 1st of November."
Mr. DAVIS. I think that will be necessary.
The question was taken and the motion agreed
to.
Mr. CHASE. There is another amendment to
which I should like to obtain the assent of the
Senate and the chairman of the committee; it is to
ascertain the amount of a product which is becom-
ing quite important in the State of Ohio, and other
States of the West, and which is entirely omitted
in these tables; I refer to the product of wine,
though perhaps I am not so much interested m
that product as some other Senators.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think the Senator will find that
is in the hill.
Mr. CHASE. I see that in schedule four, in the
fortieth column, cider wine is put in; I would
amend so as to make it cider and wine. I do not
know what cider wine is, unless it is cider cham-
pagne.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I wish to ask a
question. If the amendment proposed stands in
one column with the conjunction "and" we will
then have the items of wine and cider put both
together, and we will have information which will
be of no use in regard to either of these articles.
How can this amendment be of any value unless
we have two distinct columns ?
Mr. CHASE. When t saw the column headed
"cider wine" I supposed it must mean "cham-
pagne." Now, if cider manufactured into cham-
pagne is worthy of being; made a subject of inquiry
—1 do not know that the Senator from New Jer-
sey feels any particular interest in this particular
item, [laughter,]—-then I think that wine made
from the grape should have a fair consideration.
I will move therefore to strike out the word " cider
wine," in schedule four, column forty, and insert
after column thirty-five the word " wine."
Mr. DAYTON. The Senator from Ohio says
that the wine made in that State is made from
grapes. That is some information; for I did not
know whether it was so or not.
Mr DAVIS. The committee would have been
glad to have given this article a separate column;
but they found themselves under the necessity of
crowding into this social table some five or six
added columns; and the difficulty now is, (hat
there are more columns than can conveniently be
arranged upon one sheet of paper and leave room
enough to put figures in. They cannot be multi-
plied nor added without producing inevitable con-
fusion. There seemed to be so much important
matter in relation to various manufactures and
machinery that we were under the necessity of
crowding many articles of minor importance to-
gether.
Mr. CHASE. The motion 1 made was to
strike out the column headed " cider wine," and
add a column for wine.
Mr. DAVIS. Move to strike oat cider, if you
want to get rid of that.
Mr. CHASE. I believe I understand my own
motion. This whole column relates to what is
sold during the last year. I propose to put the
amount of this article which is produced during a
year in a separate column. If it remains in the
column where it is, we do not get the amount pro-
duced.
Mr. DAVIS. The wine is mainly sold, I sup-
pose.
Mr. CHASE. Tt is sold after some years, but
we do not set the amount of produce by the
amount of sales at all; we may get the sale of the
article produced years ago. We have in the
county in which I reside five hundred acres in the
grape culture, and the quantity is increasing, and
the culture becoming more important; and if any
product is entitled to betaken it is this. Placing
it where it is, we only get the quantity sold, and
not the quantity produced, which is a very different
thins. I hope,as i't does nothing but merely take
this out of one column and put it into another, the
Senate will agree to the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest that
the Senator will fully accomplish his object by
adding the word "and." It is very easy to repre-
sent the matter by a " W" for wine, and a "C"
for cider.
Mr. HALE, But that column is under the
head " produce sold."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, if you want the
words " produce raised" and not " sold," all you
have to do is to put the word^'and" between
them, and you will have it.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Chase, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I lisetoofferan amendment to
schedule four. I am opposed, indeed, to all amend-
ments, and am in favor of striking out the whole
bill, except the enumeration; but as we are to go
into an extensive system of statistics, I propose to
add a column for the purpose of ascertaining a
matter of great interest to the State I in part repre-
sent; and I hope the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky will not think the paper is already too
crowded to admit it. This is a very important
product in my State, particularly in my county.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Ohio in
reference to the growth of grapes. I have a great
interest in that. I hope the Senators from Kentucky
and Massachusetts will extend their kindness to
the State of Arkansas and insert a column so that
we can ascertain the number and weight of whet-
stones produced in that State. [Great laughter.]
I would add another column for this purpose, to
be numbered forty-eight.
Mr. CHASE. I would suggest whether that
column should not come in immediately after the
column for axes.
Mr. BORLAND. It makes no difference where
it comes in, provided it is there. I believe the
State of Indiana is interested m this article; 1 have
understood that a large number were produced
there. I offer the amendment to add a column, to
be headed, "number and weight of whetstones,"
and as some gentlemen seem to think it is not a
serious matter 
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest, if he is serious
that the article should be noticed, that it comes
under the head of manufactured products; perhaps
not the weight, but everything relating to the value
does.
Mr. BORLAND. Perhaps the larger portion
of those sent out of my State are not manufac-
tured; they are sent out in a raw state, as they
come from the quarry. I beg leave to say I am
serious; and strange as it may strike the minds of
Senators, it is in my State a very important prod-
uct, and will be more so every year. In the
county in which I reside, I take occasion to say,
it is the principal product, and is the principal arti-
cle of export fiom that county. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will perceive, by a
glance at schedule five, that there arc a number of
questions in relation to products of industry; and
as this comes strictly under that head, I am sure
he must see that ample provision is made for as-
certaining all about" whetstones." [Laughter.]
Mr. BOR.LAND. I am too much opposed to
the whole bill to insist very earnestly on this
amendment, but I do hope that this article will be
provided for, if others of certainly much less im-
portance are to be provided for.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. KING. I beheve that the proposition
made by the Senator from Georgia is under con-
sideration, which is to stiike out and insert.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is under consid-
eration if all the amendments are made.
Mr. KING. I suppose the oiiginal proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts and the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia are both
subject to amendment. I observe that a provision
is made for the marshal executing the duties him-
self, m place of the assistant. The bill itself does j
not make provision for that. I propose that the
marshal shall take charge of the subdivisions when
he can do so without any interference with the
provisions of this act. I wish simply to make it
conform to the other provisions of this bill.
Mr. HALE. What section is it?
Mr. KING. It is the end of the third section
of the bill as offered as an amendment by the Sen-
ator from Georgia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
amend the proposed substitute for the original bill,
and insert at the end of the third section the fol-
lowing words:
" Provided, that the marshal may take the census of ope
of said subdivisions when he can do so without prejudice
to the duties enjoined upon him by this act."
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to insert after the
word " therein," in the fourth line of the fourth
section, the words " subject to the approval of the
circuit or district judge of said district." The
object of the amendment is to establish a check on
the power of appointment of the marshals—to
require the proposed deputies to be submitted to
the approval of the judge of the district. The
power of appointment proposed in the bill, in my
opinion, is too extended to be given to any indi-
vidual without some check upon its exercise. At
all events, this amendment, if it does not result, as
I believe it will, in much good, can do no harm.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from New York as to the operation of his
amendment. As 1 understand it, the power of
approval is given to the circuit or district judge.
Now, the marshal is a federal officer within my
State, as is the district judge of the United Slates.
We have circuit judges of our own Government,
and the question is, whether this power over a
federal officer is to be devolved on the State courts?
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly not. I do not
wish to devolve on a State officer duties which he
has no right to discharge.
Mr. DOWNS. I think it is better that this
amendment should not be adopted, inasmuch as it
will tend to delay the operation of the bill. Some
of the districts are very large—as, for instance* the
western district of Louisiana, some five hundred
miles in extent—and it would occupy much time
for the marshal to bring all his appointments be-
fore the United States judge for confirmation.
And, when he got there, he would probably find,
if it was in the summer time, that the judge had
gone to New York. Besides, it is not usual to
require these appointments to be approved by
the judges, they being usually made by the mar-
shal on his own responsibility. He goes over
the State, and has a better opportunity to judge of
the fitness of his deputies. The amendment can
produce no good, and will lead to delays that may
defeat the taking; of the census altogether.
Mr. DICKINSON. It will subject the marshal
to some trouble, no doubt, but to none that is.
very material. But, as to bringing his deputies
miles to go before the judge, he would not be
obliged to go a rod. All he would have to do
would be to select his names, and submit them to
the circuit judge, and let him act upon them. As
to appointing his deputies on his own responsi-
bility, so docs the President make appointments
on his own responsibility, but he submits them to
the Senate for approval. The amendment will not
result in any serious delay, and i think operate as
a salutary check on the exercise of this power of
appointment.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. One of the great evils in this coun-
try, deplored by many gentlemen, is the mixing
up of the judges of our higher courts into political
controve)sies and quarrels. It was thought to be
a great evil that a judge on the bench of the Su-
preme Court should ever be a candidate for the
Presidency; and yet it is now proposed to drag
the district and circuit judges from their high
duties into this little petty business of the ap-
pointment of deputy marshals all over the United
States. It seems to me to be bringing them  nto
a vortex from which they ought to be removed as
far as possible. Besides, if you adopt tins amend-
ment, it will not control the marshal. He can
nominate, and the judge may njer.t, and then he
can nominate again. Any delay of this kind will
defeat the operation of the bill, and 1 hope, there-
fore, it will be left as it is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will merely
say that this bill, in this matter of appointment,
follows the usage of the Government ever since
the first census was taken.
Mr. DICKINSON. The district judge has now
power to remove a deputy marshal, and i but pu>-
pose that he shall do m this special case what he
has now power to do under the general law.
Mr. BRIGHT. The effect of this amendment
will be to embarrass greatly the officer upon whom
we throw the responsibility of taking the census.
