680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
The marshal is made responsible for the faithful
and accurate discharge of his duty in connection
with this branch of the public service. The time
for the discharge of these duties is limited by this
bill, and rigid penalties are imposed on the various
marshals in the event of their non-performance.
I can imagine that these marshals would be greatly
embarrassed by giving the judge or any other per-
son supervisory power over the appointment of
their deputies.- Being made responsible for the
discharge of their duties, it is but just that he
should have tlie full power to select his deputies.
The circuit judge in the case referred to by the
Senator from New York [Mr. Dickinson] merely
confirms the appointment of those who have power
to serve process and exercise the duties of assistant
marshals in the circuit courts, but may have no
power over those assistant marshals appointed to
take the census. I hope under the circumstances
the Senator from New York will withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. I know the judges have
no such power now, but I propose to give it to them.
I prefer that the question shall be taken on the
proposition.
Mr.DOWNS. The Senator from New York
has by 110 means satisfied me, and I hope he has
not satisfied the Senate, that his amendment is
advisible. If the Senator had had the experience
of some of us, of the delays incident to such a
thing as he proposes, in the new States of sparse
population, he would not insist upon his amend-
ment. The law now requires the United States
District Attorney or Judge of the Circuit Court to
approve of all bonds given to the United States,
and I have repeated instances where months of
delay have occurred from not having these officers
at hand. Therefore, I think the adoption of this
amendment would result in the most serious de-
lay in the carrying out of the bill. It is a very
strange idea to vest this power of appointment m
two individuals, separate and distinct, who cannot
confer together. The marshal can know in his
journeys across the State, who are the lit persons
for his deputies, but how is the judge to obtain
any such information ?
Mr. BALDWIN. A single suggestion. In my
judgment it is not com petent for Congress to impose
on the judges of the United States any duties but
such as are recognized to be within the province
of judicial conduct; and if we undertake to impose
this duty upon lliem, the probability is that most,
if not all, of the judges will decline to discharge it.
Mr. FOOTIC, I move that the Senate adjourn.
Cries of "Question," "question."
Mr. EOOTE. I will withdraw the motion if
tfcere is any prospect of tiie question being taken.
The question was taken on Mr. Dickinson's
amendment, and It was rejected.
Mr. ATCHISON. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND. I move to amend the third i
schedule by striking out the eighth column, the j
heading of which is, "Diseases or causes of death." j
Now, sir, I hold that it is impossible to obtain that i
information. ' I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs !
leave to state that this whole schedule has been
stricken out by the committee, and another substi- I
tuted for it. ,
Mr. BORLAND. I was not aware of that. i
Mr. 1'OOTE. I move that the Senate go into !
Executive session. '* \
Air. HALE. I rise to a question of order. Is .
it in order while a question is pending to make I
such a it'ofioij ? I
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
while a question is pending on the bill. The ques- j
tion then recurs on the motion to strike out all after j
the enacting clause .if the bill and to substitute in i
lieu thereof the proposed amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would inquire whether,
in the opinion of the Chair, the substitute would be
amendable after its adoption :
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now move to strike out
the words "Secretary of tiie Interior " wherever
they occur in the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the
words "Census Board."
Mr. I'DOTS, As this motion will evidently
produce an extended and very animated debate, I
oeg leave to move now that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. Oh no, let \ts go through
with the bill.
The motion to adjourn was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dickinson's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I move to amend the
substitute by adding, as an additional section, the
following:
Beit further enacted, That the preparatory piintmg ren-
dered neccs-ary by tins act, so far as tiiu sdiweis not alieady
done, shall, in order to give dispatch to business, be done
under conti act with the census board, on fifteen days' no-
tice, by the lowest bider.
Mr. BORLAND. This is a subject which I
think ought not to be passed without consideration.
It involves more, perhaps, than Senators are aware
of, in the consideration of this bill. The whole
question of the public printing will be under con-
sideration to-morrow, and it can be considered
then. It involves, also, the question of how much
printing has been done, and what kind; and I do
think it is a question which will require discussion.
I do not think we have time to consider it now,
and I move that the Senate adjourn.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, Jlpril 10, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
The SPEAKER said he had received a com-
munication from Mr. McLanaiian, a member of
the select committee appointed to investigate the
Galphin claim, slating the fact of his necessary
absence from this city, and asking to be excused
from service on the said committee. The Speak-
er was understood to say (though turning to the
other side of the House, he was doubtfully heard)
that the Chair had no power to supply the vacan-
cy, unless by direction of the House.
'Mr. BURT moved that Mr. McLanahan be
excused from service on the said committee, and
that the Speaker proceed to appoint another mem-
ber m his place.
The motion was agreed to; and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Mann, of Pennsylvania, to fill the
vacancy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, the joint resolu-
tion from the Senate, to authorize the payment of
$12,000 to the Winnebago Indian s; witli the view
of having it referitd to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Objection was made by IVir. DUER.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired of the
Speaker, what was the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. It is the call of the commit-
tees for reports; and the question pending before
the House is on a lepoi t heieioforc made from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. McLANE said that there were a number
of important reports to be made. He felt it to be
his duty, therefore, to insist on the regular order
of business.
Mr. GOODENOW desired the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a motion. Objected to.
PENSIONS.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the unfinished business
to be the joint resolution heretofore reported from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, enti-
tled "A joint resolution explanatory of certain acts
therein mentioned;" which was read as follows:
-Rcso/1 ed by the Senate ami Home of Reprcsentatircs of the
United Str-tei of America in Uongre-n tuKmbled. Thai ttle
provisions ol the second motion of the au entilli'd ''Ail act
' amending the act entitled, 'An au granting half n.iv to
j 'widow* or orphan's, nheie thur htkhamls and fathers
j 1 have died of womnia received in the military service „f
! 'Glutei) States,' " approved Jnlv twenty-one. eighteen
| hundred anil loriy-ciahl, extended by the act ot'Felimarv
j twenty-two, eighteen hiiMhcd and forlv-n.ne, shall he ton-
siuuxl to ernhiacc the ividovs and orphan's of all per-ons
i deMss-iateil therein, who died while m actuaMcivice in the
[ late war until Jiexico, or in going to and returning irom the 1
tame , and also t,i ine wkiovvs and oiphain, of all ,-uch nei- '
son- as, having been houoiahly dischaiged, or lnvino- le- I
| sig.icci, shall have med i.fter the pas-age of said last-men '
| ati'' 0r wh0 llia-' herealti r die, of wounds received. I
Tt^'t ',e c[:ntlf1while m said .service : ProndeJ, !
TIl.lt the army lolls -bowing the death of any of said pe- i
that*tact aJmy'sllaU be "U'heieiit evidence to establish j
And the question immediately pending was on j
the demand heretofore made for the previous
question.
The question was taken, and the affirmative
vote was declared to be 65.
The noes were not counted.
The SPEAKER said that there was a second.
Mr. CASEY inquired of the Speaker whether a
quorum had voted ?
The SPEAKER said the negative vote had not
been counted. But if the gentleman called for a
count, the Chair would count. Did the gentleman
insist on a count?
Mr. CASEY said he did.
The negative vote was then counted, and was
declared to be twelve.
No quorum voting.
Tellers were asked and appointed, (Messrs.
Calvin, of Pennsylvania, and Johnson, of Ar-
kansas.)
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, requested the
Speaker to state what the question was. He
(Mr. J.) could find no member in that part of the
House who knew anything about it.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
Mr. BOYD called for the reading of the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER said that if gentlemen would
allow order to be restored in the Hall, and would
pay attention to the resolution when it was read,
it would not be necessary to repeat the call for its
reading.
Mr. WALDO said if he could have the unani-
mous consent of the House, he would briefly
explain the objects of the resolution.
No objection having been made,
Mr.W. said that the resolution had reference to
two classes of cases, concerning which there was
now some difference of opinion. The first embraced
the widows and orphans of the officers and soldiers
that died in actual service in the late war with
Mexico, or in going to and returning from the
same; and the second embraced the widows and
orphans of those officers who, having been honor-
ably discharged, or having resigned, had died
since the passage of the acts mentioned, or who
might hereafter die, of wounds received or from
disease contracted while in said service. Persons
in the first class, applying for the five years' half
pay of a husband or father, were required to prove
not only the death of the person on account of
whom the claim was made, but they were also
required to prove that such death was actually
occasioned by reason of wounds received or disease
contracted while in the line of his duty. It had been
supposed, that the act of February 22d, 1849, was
intended to relax this rule, and to require no other
proof than the death of such person while in ser-
vice. The language of that act continued Mr.
W. is somewhat ambiguous, and it has been so
construed as to leave this rule in force. A strict
observance of this rule often operates as a denial
of a just claim, for it not only requires the appli-
cant to prove a fact that happened m a foreign
country, but it requires proof of a fact next to an
impossibility, to wit, the cause of the person's
death. To relieve the helpless, and many times
indigent, from this burden, and to carry out the
true meaning of the act of February 22J, 1849,
this resolution provides that the provisions of our
present laws shall embrace the widows and or-
phans of persons designated in the acts specified,
who died while in actual service, in the late war
with Mexico. So that the applicant being other-
wise entitled, will only be required to prove the
death of the person from whom he claims, with-
out being required to prove the cause of such
death.
In relation to the second class: As the law is
now understood, the widow of an officer who was
honorably discharged, or who resigned, and after-
wards died of wounds received, or from a diseasa>
contracted in service in the line of his duty, can-
not receive the benefiis of said acts, which she
might have done but for such discharge or resigna-
tion. This resolution embiaces this class of cases,
and places the widow and orphans of such officer
upon the same ground they would have stood if
such officer had not been discharged or had not
resigned. In this case, proof must be made that
the death was occasioned by reason of wounds
received or from a dns-ease contracted while in said
service.
This resolution will increase the number of pen-
sioners a little, and as a consequence will enlarge
