1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
the appropriation for the payment of pensions.
But the amount will be inconsiderable, and as it
will carry out the humane provisions of our pres-
ent laws, I sincerely hope it may pass. I have
simply stated the objects of the resolution without
ureing any reasons for its adoption.
Mr. SACKETT said he desired to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can be in-
dulged only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question.
The affirmative vote stood, ayes 94; noes not
countcd.
So there was a second.
And the mam question was ordered to be now
taken,
Which main question was, first, on the reference
of the joint resolution to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and, should
that motion be voted down, on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
And the question having been taken on the mo-
tion to refer the joint resolution to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it was
decided in the negative—ayes 63, noes 69.
So the House decided that the joint resolution
should not be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
And the question then recurred on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GOTT moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER said the previous question had
not yet exhausted itself.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays on the engrossment of the bill, but
withdiew the demand.
Mr. SACKETT moved that the joint resolution
be laid opon the table. And he said he hoped the
House would indulge him with a single remark.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the joint resolution be laid upon the table, and was
decided m the negative, without a division.
So the House decided that the joint resolution
should not be laid upon the table.
The question then recurring on the engrossment
thereof—
Mr. WALDO said, that as there seemed to be
some misunderstanding in relation to the resolu-
tion, he would move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the House had refused to refer the joint
resolution to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. But, yielding to the wishes
of gentlemen around him, Mr. W. waived his
motion for the present.
The question again recurring on the engross-
ment of the resolution—
Mr. H1LLIARD called for the reading thereof.
Mr. CROWELL called for the yeas and nays
on the question of engrossment.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the resolution
is called for. The resolution will be again read
when order is restored—not else. It would be
unnecessary to read the resolution so many times,
if attention was paid to the reading.
Mr. SACKETT inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er the previous question was exhausted >
The SPEAKER. It is not yet exhausted.
The resolution was then again read; after which,
The SPEAKER proceeded to ascertain whether
the demand of Mr. Crowell, for the yeas and
nays, was sustained.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken, and the joint res-
olution was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. The ques-
tion now, 1 believe, is on the passage of the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has not yet
been read a third time. It has been ordered to be
read.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
by its title; and the question being, " Shall this
bill pass ?"
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said that he
was perfectly willing that the first portion of the
resolution should be adopted. But the latter part
he regarded as entirely wrong. It would add con-
siderably to the expenses of the Government. He
had unt had sufficient opportunity to examine the
resolution, so as to fix his own construction on it.
By this provision, if a man dies, although he may
have been a deserter, his widow is entitled to a
pension. Or, if a man should die perhaps twenty
or thirty years afier he has left the service, still
his widow will be entitled to a pension. He did
not believe that the House could have had any
intention to sanction such a provision. It made
no distinction between the merits or dements of
the individual, in his opinion, no member would
consider himself justified in giving his vote in favor
of such a system. Whether a man has deserted
the service, or been honorably discharged—wheth-
er he dies during the war, or not for thirty or fifty
years afterward, his widow is to be entitled to a
pension.
He requested the Clerk to read the second branch
of the resolution, which runs thus:
"And also to the widows and orphans of all such per-
sons, as, having been honorably discharged or having re-
signed, si),ill lia.e died after the passage ot" said last-men-
tioned act, or who may liereafior die, of wounds received
or from disease contracted while in said service."
He did not think that the House could bring
itself to sanction this clause of the resolution.
Should a soldier die while in the service, or in go-
ing to or returning from the seat of war, he was
willing to take the evidence of the army roll, and
give the widow a pension. But he was not willing
to extend the pension to the widows of all who
died, whether they were meritorious cases or not,
or whether the soldier died during the war, or ten
or twenty years afterwards. It might be alleged
that the mail had died of a cold, contracted during
the war, and which had settled m a pulmonary
disease. And how was this to be proved ? The
adoption of this provision would he the creation
of a new class of pensions; and this he was un-
willing to do in this irregular way, and without
proper deliberation. There ought to be some limit
to the cases on which this resolution was intended
to operate. He hoped the resolution would not
pass m its present form.
He hoped some gentleman, who had voted in
the affirmative on ordering this resolution to a third
reading, would move to reconsider that vote. He
had uniformly voted in the negative, but if he had
a right to make such motion, he would move its j
reconsideration. With the consent of the friends
of the measure, the subject might then be laid ovet
for the present, to enable the House to look into
the phraseology of the resolution, and to act with
a better undei standing of the whole matter.
He moved to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution had been ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SACKETT expressed the hope that the
motion to reconsider would prevail. He thought
the passage of the joint resolution would consti-
tute a very bad precedent indeed. The first part
of the resolution which the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] seemed willing to adopt,
constituted enlistment and death a sufficient evi- j
dence to granta pension upon. That was all there
was of it: service had nothing to do with it. He
thought this would be a very bad precedent. It
would be opening the door to a new class of pen-
sioners, and a very laige class—having no merit—
the claim to pension being based not upon service
but upon enlistment and death. He was opposed
to the resolution. Pie hoped the motion of the
gentleman from Mississippi would prevail.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he
hoped the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sack- j;
ett,] and the friends of the bill would agree with ;j
hiin and let the resolution go over, in order that it ;
might be printed, and the House be enabled to see ,j
what class of pensioners it did include. 1
Mr. SACKETT said he had no objection to '
that.
Mr. VENABLE saw no necessity for postpon-
ing the resolution. If he understood the joint res-
olution, it was confined to persons who died of
disease contracted, or of wounds received, in the- :
Mexican war. The gentleman from New York
said, that enlistment and death only were required
to constitute ground of claim for a pension.
Mr. DUER interposed, and inquired if the bill 1
did not make the rule of evidence—the fact of
death ? j,
Mr. SACKETT, (in his seat.) Certainly.
Mr. VENABLE said he might be wrong, but
he had paid particular attention to the reading of !'
the joint resolution four times. If a man died in j
the service, the fact was sufficient evidence for a 'j
pension; but if lie did not die in the service—he !j
did not care if he died twenty years afterwards— Ij
if it was proved that he died of wounds received, jj
or diseases contracted, in the service, his widow
should receive a pension.
Mr. SACKETT stated, in explanation that
(being upon the Committee on Pensions) he could
say, that the joint resolution was not based on the
principle at all of granting pensions to the widows
of those who had died of wounds received, or of
diseases contracted, in the service. It was simply
based upon the fact that the soldier enlisted in the
service, and that he died—no matter whether he
died of wounds received, or of diseases contracted,
in the service, or not.
Mr. VENABLE (resuming) said if He could
get the joint resolution he thought he could satisfy
| every gentleman upon this subject. The gentle-
| man from New York might be a member of the
Committee on Pensions—how he had got his in-
formation as to the provisions of the joint resolu-
tion he (Mr. Y.) knew not. But lie (Mr. V.)
preferred to look at the language of the resolution
itself.
The resolution having been sent him by the
Clerk— 1
Mr. VENABLE read the joint resolution, (as
above given.) The English language (he said)
cfouid not be plainer.
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. VENABLE. Certainly.
Mr. SACKETT wished to ask the gentleman
whether the statement he (Mr. S.) had made was
not fully sustained by the resolution—that if the
man died, after having enlisted, from any cause
! whatever, he was entitled to a pension?
1 Mr. VENABLE replied, Not ai all. it did
seem to him that the construction of the gentle-
man was the most singular construction of the
English language of which he had ever heard.
The resolution provided for the widows and
orphans of those "who died in actual service in
' the late war with Mexico, or in going to and re-
'turning from the same,'5 and also of those who
"having been honorably discharged, or having re-
' signed, shall have died after the passage of said
Mast mentioned act, or who may hereafter die of
' wounds received, or from disease contracted while
4 in said service.^ If there was any principle on
which a pension law should be passed—on which
I the benefits of pensions should be extended to the
I widows and orphans of soldiers, this was the
: i honest principle. With what semblance of justice •
j should the widow and orphans of a man who lived
j to return home and dragged out a miserable life,
J perhaps of twenty years, in consequence of wounds
j received, or disease contracted, in the servjee of
| his country, be excluded from ihe benefits of pen-
j sion ? while the widow and orphans of the man
1 who died on the battle-field received their pen-
| sion.
| If a pension law were right under any circum-
stances it was right in these. It was right to give
to the widow something, some compensation for
the years of anxiety and care spent over her hus-
band who fell under the effects of disease contracted
or of wounds received in the service. Because
his life was spared for a longer or a shorter period,
should his widow be excluded from the benefits of
pension? The resolution was founded in justice,
and he hoped it would be passed.
He insisted that it was not necessary to post-
pone the subject until to-morrow, because the
resolution could not be made plainer. If gentle-
men were not satisfied with its provisions, let them
come up and vole against it. He was satisfied
with it, and wished it now to be passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he wished
to make a rernaik in reference to this subject.
: For about a month there had been no call of the
: committees at all. The morning hour was the
only time afforded in this House for the transaction
of any business. The whole time of the House
continued to be consumed entirely in general de-
bate. The hemp resolation had held ihem for a
considerable time. This resolution, he supposed,
would hold them a considerable time longer. He
■ was anxious, and he believed the majority of the
House were anxious, that there should be a call
; of the committees, and that the House should pro-
gress with the regular order of business. He
, therefore moved the previous question, and he
hoped the House would sustain the motion,
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
The SPEAKER. Befoie the House proceeds
