1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Sept. .9.
^ed hy the said Supreme Court, without regard to the value
of the matter, pioperty, or title in controversy; and except
also, that."
Mr. S. remarked that there was a provision in
the bill which allowed writs of error and appeals
to the Supreme Court in all matters exceeding a
thousand dollars in value, and there was a provi-
sion for writs of error and of habeas corpus where
the liberty of the person was concerned. He had
moved to strike out a passage from which it might
be plausibly referred that property in slaves was
recognized as one of the existing laws of the new
State. It might be said that it was intended to
apply only to cases where there was a claim for
fugitives from service or an action on the case for
damages where a slave had been enticed away
from his owner in his own State. It was true that
it was applicable to such cases, but it was not
limited to them, and it was also fairly to be implied
from the phraseology of the act that slavery was
recognized as existing there by authority of law.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the Committee rose and reported the bill to
the House without amendment.
And the question was stated to be on ordering
the bill to a third leading.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked the previous
question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken,
Mr. FOWJLER asked the yeas and nays, but
withdrew the cail.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded the pre-
vious question.
There was a second, and the main question (on
the passage of the bill) was ordered to be now taken.
Mesais. BOYD and FOWLER asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question °Shall the bill pass?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 85;
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. AlbertsoruAlston, Anderson, Ashe, Aver-
ett, Bay, Bayly, Bealp,Bissefl, Bukee, ttowlin, JBo>d, Bruek,
Brigga, Brook-, William J. Biown, Chester Duller, Geoige
A. C.ildvveU, Joseph P. Cald Ca.-ey, W. R. W. Cobb,
Darnel, Driberry, Dumnick, Disney, Dunham, Edmuadson,
Ehot, Alexander Evans, Kwtug, Fuller, Gentry, Gerry, Gil-
morc, Goiman, Hall, HaiaUoti, lahaui G. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Haymoud,Hibhard, HiUtard,Hoagland, Houston,
Howard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jamts L.
Johnson, Jones, ICauhinn, Kerr, La S&re,Leffler, Levin,
Lutlfftcld, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, McUlernand, Mc-
Donald, McDowvll. McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Finis
E. McLean, McMullen, McWillie, Morehead, Morton, Out-
Jaw, Owen, P.?rker, Peaslee, Pitman, Potter, fiichardson,
Robbins, Robinson, Rose, Ross, Savage, Shepperd, Stanly,
Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard H. SLanton, Strong, Jacob
Thompson, Jamea Tuompsion, John B. Thompson, Thur-
man, Toombs, Walden, Waikins, Wellborn, VVildrick,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—97.
NAYS— Messers. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bingham,
Booth, Bowdon, Albert G. Brown, Bmrows, Burt, Thomas
B. fUuler, Joseph Oable,Calvm,Catnpbell, Chandler, Clarke,
Colcoefc, Cole, Cotwiu. C'towtrfl, Uick«'y, Diaoh, Doty,
Duer, Duncan, Ourkoe,N.ithan, Evans, Featherston, Fiuh,
Powlei, Gidduigs, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Harlan, Samp-
son W. Harris, (iebaid, Henry, llolladay, Holmes, Howe,
Hubbard, Kuntei, Inge, William T. Jackson, Julian, George
G. King, James G. Kins, John A. King, Presion King,
Hoiaee Mann, Matte«?on, McKissnck, McQueen, Meach.un,
M 'ade, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Olds. Otis,
Peck, Iteed, RuynoUU, Root, Rmtisey, Sacketi, Sawtelle,
Schenrk, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester, Sprague, Thad-
deu-i Stevens, SteHon, Sweetser, Taylor, Tuck, Van Dvke,
Vnitou, Waldo, Wallace, Wentvvonn, and Woodward— f5.
[The following gentlemen did not vote, having
paired off, viz: Mr. McG-aughey with Mr.Thomas,
Mr. Cartter wnh Mr. Morse, and Mr. Hamil-
ton with Mr. Wilmot. Mr. Hamilton staled
that he should-have voted for the bill. Mr. Put-
nam (who was not wnhm the bar when his name
Wd3 called) asked leave to record his vote against
the bill. Objection was made.]
[Mr. Bull, of Michigan, would have voted for
the bill, but was absent, having been suddenly
attacjjed with severe illness during the considera-
tion oJ the bill and compelled to leave the Hall,]
Si the bill was passed.
The title of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
thai motion on the table.
Which latter motion was agreed to.
So the bill stands passed, and the House adjourn-
ed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, September 9, J85Q.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, rose and sent to
the Clerk's table a resolution which, he said, he
asked the unanimous consent of the House to in-
troduce.
The resolution was read for information^ as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That (the Senate concurring) the President of
the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, adjourn their respective Houses sine die on Monday,
the 2Jd Stptcmber, instant, at twelve o'clock, m.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. MOORE objected to its introduction.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, to enable me to introduce
the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. X give notice that 1 shall
offer an amendment.
The" confusion in the House was very great, and
business was suspended for a period.
Mr. HARRIS I will state to the House 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man will suspend his remarks. It is impossible
to proceed with the business whilst there is so
much confusion. Gentlemen are requested to sus-
pend conversation, and to allow order to be re-
stored.
After a pause—
Mr. MOORE rose and said, he withdrew his
objection to the introduction of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the objection is withdrawn by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moore ] Is there any ob-
jection to the introduction of the resolution?
Mr. HALLOWAY rose and objected.
Mr. HARRIS, i move that the rules be sus-
pended, to enable me to introduce the resolution.
And the question, "Shall the rules be sus-
pended?" was taken, and decided in the affirmative,
two-thirds voting in the affiimative.
And the resolution being thus before the House,
Mr. HARRIS said, 1 have not a single remark
to make. I shall not cull the previous question.
I desire that the sense of the House shall be tested
upon the question of time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I movg to
amend the resolution, by striking out the 23d, and
inserting the 16ih, so that Congress shall adjourn
this day week. It is my intention to call the pre-
vious question, but before I do so 
Mr. VINTON. If the resolution is to be pushed
through in this way, I move that it be laid upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] is entitled to the floor.
The gentleman will suspend his remarks until
order is restored.
Mr. VINTON. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKEIl. The gentleman will suspend
his remarks until order is restored. And the
Chair must request gentlemen by name to take
their seats and suspend conversation, if order can
be restored in no other way.
Another pause followed.
Mr. INGE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. INGE. 1 wish to know if the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] when he offered
the resolution, did not demand the previous ques-
tion upon it?
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Harris.) Did the
gentleman demand the previous question ?
Mr. HARRIS. I did not. I declined to do so,
because, as 1 stated, I wanted to test the sense of
the House upon the question of time.
The SPEAKER. I'he Chair understood the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] to
move the previous question. Does the gentleman
withdraw the motion ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I do so for the purpose of
making a very few remarks. 1 am willing that
the day which some gentlemen designate—this
day three weeks—should be submitted to the
sense of the HouSe. 1 shall, however, insist upon
the amendment 1 have offered, and 1 wish to
state- 
Mr. HIBBARD. I desire to give notice that I
will move to amend the resolution by inserting
this day three weeks—the 30th of September.
Mr. THOMPSON. If there is no objection I
1 will yield the floor to the gentleman to submit that
amendment.
j The SPEAKER. The amendment may be re-
I eeived by the unanimous consent of the House,
j No objection being made,
| Mr. HIBBARD thereupon moved to arfiend the
j amendment by substituting this day three weeks,
! (i. e. Monday, September the 30th,)as an amend-
j mentto the amendment.
I Mr. THOMPSON. One word. I know very
j well that unless we fix a day for adjournment we
:j shall probably consume much time m unnecesary
, debate. I believe that there is a universal disposi-
tion to adjourn. The session has been longer
than that of any Congress that has ever assembled,
and 1 believe that if we go to our work in good
l earnest, and with a determination .to act, we can
I dispose of the necessary business by this day
I week. I believe that there is a disposition in
j every part of the House to get through as soon as
[ possible. One thing 1- know—that if we should
extend the time os proposed by the amendment of
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,]
it will still be impossible for us to take up the pri-
vate calendar, or to take tip much of the business
of the House in which members feel interested.
That can lie over. Under the rules every Senate
bill which comes here will remain in the same po-
sition 
Mr. BURT interposed, and said, I rise to a
point of order. I desire to know whether this
question is debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. THOMPSON proceeded with his remarks.
Under the rules of the two Houses, bills which
come to this House frdm the Senate will retain
their position in the calendar which they now
have. We must count upon doing at the next ses-
sion much of the business which should have been
transacted at this. I say, and believe, that within
one week from the time when the day of adjourn-
ment is fixed, a very large number of members
will leave this city and go home, and I am unwill-
ing that members who feel disposed to stay here
and transact the public business, should have the
burden of it thrown upon them, whilst others,
feeling more independent, leave Congress and al-
low the business to be transacted by those who re-
main. I am anxious to return home. I believe
that is the prevailing feeling m the House. I think
that the necessary business of Congress maybe
disposed of in one week, if we will take it up in
earnest. We can meet at ten in the morning—
take a recess—and sit until eight or nine o'clock in
the evening. And we can do more in that week
than in the nine months we have been here. I
hope, therefore, that my motion will be agreed to;
but in order that the sense of the House may be
fully tested on the question of time, I shall not call
the previous question.
Mr. VINTON said, there was no member of
the House more anxious than himself to bring the
session to a close, but the House ought to remem-
ber that nearly the whole of the ordinary business
of the session remained to be done. We are not,
in fact, further advanced in business than we usu-
ally are in the month of January. We have
devoted nearly the whole of this long session to
business that was wholly foreign to the ordinary
subjects of legislation. No one of the great ap-
propriation bills has yet become a law, and nearly
two thirds of alt the annual appropriations remain
unacted upon here. There is a great mass of bills
lying over which ought to be acted upon; and un-
less they are disposed of before Congress adjourns,
will scarcely be attended to at all. The effect will
be to crowd into the next session the legislation of
two years. He thought we could not, in justice
to the public interests, adjourn earlier than three
or four weeks.
Mr. BAYLY. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompsok] cannot possibly be more anxious
to go home than I am. 1 have not been out of the
limits of this corporation since the meeting of Con-
gress. I believe, however, that it is impossible
for Congress to get away in a week, and I do not
believe it can get away in two weeks. I desire to
call the attention of the House to the present con-
dition of the public business. Not one of the ap-
propriation bills has yet passed 
Mr.THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (interposing )
Did you ever know of appropriation bills being
passed till a week of the end of the session ? I have
been here eleven years, and I have never known it.
