THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1850.
Few Series No, 112.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether the gentleman
meant to say that no appropriation bills had passed
this House till within one week of the adjourn-
, ment of Congress, or had become laws?
Mr. THOMPSON proceeded. 1 mean to say
passed by Congress. We all know that the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill takes more time
than any other of the appropriation bills. That
bill is now before the Senate. They may send it
back here to-morrow, and 1 have never known a
time when the appropriation bills were passed by
this House within two weeks of the end of the
session.
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) It is true, as is sug-
gested by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson,] that the appropriation bills have not
heretofore become laws until the last week of the
session. But there are two of the appropriation
bill, that have not yet been considered even in Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union; I
allude to the army and navy bills. And there are
but five appropriation bills which have passed this
House: the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill;
the Indian appropriation bill; the pension bill; the
Military Academy bill, and the post office appro-
priation bill. Every one of these bills has come
back with amendments, which have yet to be con-
sidered. The House can certainly get away in a
week if it will go blind—force through the busi-
ness, and pass the bills without consideration.
But I do not think the appropriation bills can be
passed in less time than six oreightdays. I move
the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
(being first on the amendment of Mr. Hibbard)
was ordered to be now taken.
The yeas and nays on the said amendment
were asked and ordered.
The question was taken and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 114, nays 67; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Bayly, Bennett,
Bingham, Bisseli, Bokee, Booth, Bovvhn, Breck, Bmgs
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph
P. Caldwell, Campbell, Carttcr, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
W. R. W. Cobb, Cole, Corwin, Crow^H, Daniel, Deberry,
Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Elio't,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller,
Gentry, Gott, Gould, Green, Gunnell, Hallovvav, Hampton,
Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hebard,"Henrv, Hib-
bard, Billiard, Hoagland, Houston, llowe, Hunter, William
T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, George G. King, Preston
King, Leffler, Levin, Horace Mann, Matteson, McClerriand,
McDowell, McKis30''k, McLanahan, Finis E. McLean,
Meacham, Miilson, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Ogle, Olds, Otis, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Peek, Phoenix,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Rose, Rum-
sey, Saekett, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Silvester, Spraguc, Stanly, Frederick I
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, I
Taylor, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wat- !
kins, Wentwortb, Wiidrick, and Williams—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, Alston, Anderson, i
Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale, Bowdon, Boyd, AlbertG. Brown, |
William J. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A. < 'aldweli, I
Chngman,Dickey, Dunham, Edmundson, Ewmg, Feather- 1
ston, Gerry, Giimore, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson,
Ishaui G. Hams, Sampson W. Ham*, Holladay, Holmes,
Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andew Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, James" G. King, John
A.King, La Sere, Littlefield, Job Mann, McDonald, Mc-
Gaughey, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Miller, Morns,
Morcp, Orr, Phelps, Powell, Robinson, Ros-5, Seddon, Thad-
deus Stevens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thomp-
son, Toombs, Van Dyke, Venable, Wellborn, and Wood-
ward—67.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended—
Mr. SCHENCK. The amendment which has
been agreed to is to strike out one and insert three
weeks—is it not?
The SPEAKER. The amendment agreed to
is the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, to strike out one, and insert three.
The question recurs upon agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended. If the amendment is voted
down, the question will then be on agreeing to
the original resolution to adjourn in two weeks.
Mr. SCHENCK. The question, then, is be-
tween three and two weeks? Those who wish to
adjourn in three weeks, will vote aye; those who
wish to go home in two weeks, will vote no f
The yeas and nays were demanded.
112
Tellers were asked and ordered on ordering the
yeas and nays, and Mr. Fbatherston, and Mr.
Butler of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 32, noes 321.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. As the question seems not to be
understood in the House, if order can be restored,
the Chair will repeat that the question is on agree-
ing to the amendment as amended. To simplify,
those who are in favor of three weeks will vote
" aye," those who are in favor of two weeks will
vote " no."
The question on the amendment as amended
was then taken, and resulted—yeas 117, nays
71; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Bayly, Bennett,
Bingham, Bisseli, Bokee, Booth, Rnwlm, Breck, Brigg^,
Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, E.
Carrington Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Cartter,
Ca^ey, Chandler, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole,
Corwin, Ciowell, Daniel, Deberry, Dickey, Dimmick, Dt>-
ney, Dixon, Dotv, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Giddings,
Gott, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hailoway, Hampton, Harlan,
Raymond, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, HtUiard, Hoagland,
Houston, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, James L.
Johnson, Kerr, George G. Kii)g, Pieston King, Lcffier,
Levin, Matteson, McClernand, McDowell, McKissock,
Meacham, Miilson, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Ogle, Olds, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phcenix, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richard-on, Rose, Runway, Saek-
ett, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Shepperd, Sil-
vester, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Thnddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Tay-
lor, Janies Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Vinton,
Walden, Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Wiidrick,
and Williams—117,
NAYS—Messr*. Albertson, Allen, Anderson, Ashe, Avor-
ett, Bay, Beale, Bovvdon, Boyd, Albert G. Blown, William
J. Brown, Butt, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Clingmari. Dunham, Edmund-on, Ewing, Fontherston,
Fitch, Gerrv, Giimore, Goiman, Hall, Hamilton, HaralM>n,
I^ham G. Harris, Samp-son W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, fnge, Joseph W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Ju-
lian, Kaufman, James G. King, John A. King, La S&re,
Littlefield, Job Mann. McDonald, McGaughey, McLanahan,
Finis E McLean, McQueen, McWilhe, Meade, Morris,
Morse, Orr, Outlaw, Phelps, Powell, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Schenck, Seddon, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Toombs, Van Dyke, Venable, and Wood-
ward—71.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution as amended, and, being taken, it
was decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution was adopted.
And it was resolved that the present session of
Congress shall terminate on Monday the 30th of
September.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DICKEY, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported correct the bill for the admission of
the State of California into the Union.
The bill was signed by the Speaker.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD rose (he said) to a priv-
ileged question. He asked the House to grant
him leave of absence from and after Monday, the
23d inst., during the remainder of the present ses-
sion.
The SPEAKER inquired of Mr. Littlefield,
under what rule of the House the request was pre-
ferred ?
Mr. LITTLEFIELD read the 66th rule of the
House, as follows;
<l No member shall absent himself from the service of
the House, unless he have leave, or be sick, or unable to
attend."
Mr. L. remarked that the rule, by .implication
at least, gave the House the right to grant leave of
absence.
The SPEAKER put the question, and declared
that the noes had it.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD asked for a division,
which being had, the question was decided in the
affirmative, and the request was granted.
LIBERIA.
Mr. REED asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution; which was
read for information:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to furnish this House, if it be not incompatible
with the public interest, the report on the preseiit condi-
tion and prospects of Liberia, by the Rev. Mr. Gurley, fate
special agent from this Government to that Republic,
The resolution having been read—
Mr. McQXTEEN rose and objected to its intro-
duction.
Mr. REED moved that the rules of thejjouse
be suspended, to enable him to introduce the reso-
lution.
Mr. RTTRTasked for the yeas and nays.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were asked and
ordered, and Messrs. King, of Rhode island, and
McQueen were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOWLIN. 1 should like to ask a ques-
tion, the answer to which will influence my vote.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BOWL1N, (continuing.) Whether this 
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed.
Mr. ALLEN called for the reading of the reso-
lution; which was read.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was taken, and resulted—yeas 124, nays 66; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alhertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Bennett, Bingham, Bisseli, Bokee, Booth,
Briggs, Buriows, Chester Butler,ThomasB. Butler,Calvin,
Campbell, Casey,Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin, Crowelf,
Dimmick, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gtny, Gorman, Gott, Gould,
Giinnell, Hailoway, Hampton, Raymond, Hebard, Henry,
Hoagland, Howe. William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson,
Kerr, George G. King, Jauie* G. King, John A. King, Pres-
ton Kmg, Leffler, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Matteson, MiKi«sock, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Mor-
ri>, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis, Peaslee, Peck, Phcenix,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Richardson, Robinson,
Rose, Rum>ey, Saekett, Sawtelle, Schenck, Schermerhorn,
Si'hook-iaft, Silvester, Sprague, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong, Sweet-
ser, Taylor, James Tnompson, Thurman, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Waldo, Wentworth, White, and Williams—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bav ly, Beale,
Bowdon, Bowlm, Boyd, A. G. Brown, Burt, E. C. Cabell,
George A. Caldwell, Caitter, CJinginan, W. R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Deberry, Edmundson, Feafcherston, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, IshamG. Hariis, Sampsoh W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hibbard, Holladay, Howaftt,
Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W.- Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson. Jones, Julian, La Sere, McCiernanfl,,
McGaughey, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, McCiueen, Mc-
Willie, Miller, Miilson, Olds, Owen, Parker, Pheips, Pow-
ell, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Shepperd,Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Walden, Wat-
kins, Wellborn, Wiidrick, and Woodward—G5.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
THE TEXAS BOUNDARY.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the amendment of
this House to the Texas boundary bill.
RESIGNATION.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following letter:
Washington, September 9,1850.
Hon. Sir : 1 am about to departfor the Slate of California,
and before doing so, 1 think it is my duty to resign the seat
I now hold in the House ofRepiesentatives of the United
States, as a Representative of the 3d Congressional district,
in the State oliWw Hampshire.
I would respectfully n quest you to announce my resigna-
tion to the [louse, and to notify the Goveinoi of New Hamp-
shire thereof, that the vacancy may be supplied according to
the laws ol that State. With sentiments of high re«aid and
esteem, vour obedient servant, JAMES WILSON.
Hon. Howell Cobb,
Speaker of the Ho. of Reps. U. S..31s£ Cong.
On motion by Mr. TUCK, by consent, the
Speaker was requested to communicate the fact
of the vacancy to the Governor of the State or
New Hampshire.
Mr. CARTTER asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Raolved, That the Committee of Accounts be authorized
to audit and pa> the accompanying account tor repairs of
furniture, &c., in the Hall ol the House, which have of ne-
cessity been made since the parage of the resolution of the
House on the 9th or May la^t lestric.ting expenditures for
furnishing or refuting the Hall.
No objection being made,
The resolution was received and agreed to.
