1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
Also, the petition of 71 citizens of the township of Com-
merce, in the State of Michigan, asking the express prohi-
bition of slavery and the slave trade in all the territories of
the United States.
AUo, the petition of 67 citizens of the same township,
agniiM the admission of any State into the Union, unless
slaverj- isexprosly prohibited by the constitution thereof.
Also, the petition of 262 electors of the county of Oak-
land, in the Stale of Michigan, for the establishment and
protection of freedom in the territories of ihe United State*.
Also, the petition of 254 electors of Oakland atbres>aid,
against the admitf-ion of rnoie slave States into the Union.
Also, the petition of 252 electors of Oakland aforesaid,
for the repeal of all laws sustaining slavery in the United
States.
Af-Oj fhe petition of 268 electors of Oakland aforesaid, to
secure a trial by jury to pe^ons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition ot 75 electors ol the towns-h p of Com-
merce, in the State of Michigan, asking that u trial by jury
may be granted to persons chinned as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 7i citizens of Commerce aforesaid,
for the repeal of all laws upholding slavery or the slave
trade.
liy Mr. WILSON: The petitions of Asa Shaw and others,
of Lyme; ol Stephen Jewett and others, ol Rendge ; ot Ud-
W'liil S. Gushing and others, students ot Dartmouth Col-
lege ; ot Rev. I>i. Lord and faculty of Dartmouth College ;
or Simeon lde and others, oi Claremoiitj or Daniel W. Far-
ren and others, of Troy; ol Jeremiah Waterhonse and
othe«>, of Winchester; of John Thorndike and others, ot
Weare, all of New Hampshire, praying tor a reduction ol
postage.
AIm , the petitions of Lyman Spauldlng and others, of
Jaftre} ; of J. D. Uibbs and others, of'Jaffrey; of the citizens
of Suihvan ; of A-*a H. Fisk and others, of Dublin; oi Jacob
Glea.-on and others, of Dublin, ail of New Hampshire, and
ah in opposition to the extension of slavery, and against the
continuance of flavery m the District of Columbia.
Al.v), the petition of Z. S. Barstow and 55 others, citizens
of Keene, New Hampshire, prajing that national disputes
m<ty be settled by aibitrauon, to prcoervc the peace ot the
woi id.
AI>o, the renionstiance of John H. Fuller and others,
citrons of Keene, New Hampshire, against the extension
ol Woodvvorth'a- patent lor tiic planing machine.
B> Mi. SAWTELLE: The petition of J. L Brooks and
29 others, etuzen^ and electors of Skowhegan and Bloom-
iield, in tne county ot Sonier-et, and Sta:e ot Maine, praj-
ing lor the repeal of all laws by which slavery and the slave
trade is authorized or sanctioned in the city of Washington,
or the District of C< Juinbia, and in the event ot their non-
repenij that the seat ot Government may be removed to
some more suitable location.
AI o, the petition of Samuel Soule and 35 others, citizens
of the same place, piaymg that no Slate he hereafter admit-
ted mto the Union, unless the constitution of &uch State
shall e,\pies>ly prohibit the existence ot slavery withiu its
limit':.
AUo, the petition of C Fletcher and 32 others, citizens of
the s.inte place, praj ing that tla- erv and the slave trade may
be e^pi essiy prohibited by act of Congress, in all theiem-
tones of the United States, and that slaves be secured the
riihtofuial by juiy.
13 y Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee: The petition of Eliza-
beth Huntmans, of Hawkins county, Tennessee, praying
Congress to grant her a pension in consequence ot the
revoiuUoiiHty services of her husband.
By Mr. ALBERTSON : The petition of Valentine Saner-
helm, a regular soldier in the levolutionaiy war for the term
of three jears, under the command of General Anthony
Wayne, praying Congtess to pass a law granting him some
relief.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of John Clark and 100
others, citizens ol Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to repeal all laws by which slavery or the slave
ttade i< authorized and sanctioned in the city of Washing-
ton or tne District ol Columbia ; and that in the event of their
lion repeal, the seat of the National Government may be
reimivt d to some suitable location.
Also, the petition of D Byers and 101 others, citizens of
the same place, praying Congress to provide by law that
whenevei a person :-ha!f be air<ctcd as a fugitive slave in
any State other than that in which he is alleged to be held
to service, he shall not be dcliveied up to the claimant, or
his agent, except on the finding of a jur> tlmt he i  the slave
of the claimant.
Al-o, the petition of J. S. McClelland and 98 others, citi-
zens ot the same place, piaymg Congress hereafter to ad-
mit no State into the Union unless Hie constitution of sucn
Suite sJiall expres-sly piolubuihe existence ot slaveiy within
its limits.
Abo, the petition of Geotge Ilughes and 94 other*, ciu-
Zf ns ot the same place, praying Congress to expressly pro-
hibit by -nw slaveiy and the slave trade iu all the territories
ot the United "States.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois: The petition of A. Reader
and other citizens of Woodford county, Illinois, for cheap
postage and repeal of the frankinj: privilege. |
Al-o. the petition ol M-N. Miles and 24 citizens of the !
same county, for the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted j
bj Congress tor the support of slavery m the District of Co- I
lumbii. i
Also, the petition ofM.N. Miles and 21 others, citizens '
of the same county, praying Congress not to udmit any j
more slave States into the Um n. i
Aho, the petition of M. N. Miles and 20 others, citizens j
of tne same county, piawng Congress to secure to alleged j
fugitives the rieht oi trial by jury. j
Bv Mr. STETSON: The petition of Leeman Stockwell ;
and'l66 otin rs, for grants of publh- lands to actual settlers. ;
By Mr. CABLE, ot Ohio: A petition from Daniel Mar- j
shab and 64 other citizens ot Saline township, Jeffe son j
ci>unt\, Ohio, for free States, free territoues, and trial by |
jui> tor fugitives. |
Also, a p. tition fiom John Myers and 22 oth< r citizens of i
Knox township. Jefferson cmiiry, Ohio, for the same olijecN j
liy Mr- DUHKKE: Tne petition of Rufus Kmg and 34*5 :
citizens, legal voters of the city of Milwaukie, m the State j
of Wisconsin, against the admission of any more -slave
States into the Union.
Also, the petition of Edward D. Holton and 348 citizens,
legal voters of the city ot Milwaukee in ihe State of Wis-
consin, tor the protection and establishment ot freedom in
the territoms.
Also, the petition of Ira E. Goodall and 343 legal voters of
the'eity ol Milwaukee, in tavor ol securing to alleged fugi-
tives the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of citizens of Prairie du Sac, in the
State of Wisconsin, for the establishment and protection ol
freedom in the teriiioues.
Also, the petition of the same, against the admission of
anymore slave Statts into the Union.
AUo, the pennon of Uie same, 'or the repeal of all laws
enacted or adopted by Congress lor ihe support ol slavery in
the District of Columbia.
Also, the p« tition ot the same, in favor of securing to al-
leged fugitives the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition ot G. H. Baker and 50 others, citizens
of Ceresco, in the State of Wisconsin, in lavor of seeming
to alleged inguives the right ol trial by jury.
Also, the petition ot B. C. Church and 54 others, citizens
of Union, m the State ol Wisconsin, lor the establishment
an i protection of fieedom in the territories.
Also, the petition of the same, against, the admission of
any more slave States into the Union.
AIM), the petition of the s-ame, in favor of securing to al-
leged lugums the right of tual by jury.
Also, the petition of the same, for the repeal of ali laws
enacted or adopted by Congress for the support of slavery
in the District ot Columbia.
j By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
i DeKalbcounty, lor a mail-route from Peru via Troy Grove,
Paupau Grove, Shaboneh's Grove, DeKalb Centre, Coiton-
Ville, Brush i'oint and i aeey, to Belvukre,
Also, the petition of citizens ot Bristol, Kendall county,
Illinois, in lavor of granting the tight ot Uial by jury to fugi-
tive slaves.
By Mr. CARTTER: The petition of 70 electors of Lex-
ington township, Stark county, praying Congress t > provide
the right of trial by jury lor fugitive slaves, &c.
Also, a petiti n icinoiisuating against the admission of
an\ more slave States.
By Mr. FOVVLEd: The petition of Mulyar Weston, Ja-
bez Keep,and45otheis,citizens ot Duxbuiy,Massachusetts,
praying tor a reduction of postage on piepaid letters to
two cents.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
Blooming Grove, Orange county, New York, for the prohi-
bition ot slavery in the territories, ot the United States by
an act of Congress.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, for the repeal of
all laws adopted by Congress tor the support ot slavery in
the District oi Columbia.
Also, ihe petition ot the same citizens, to secure to fugi-
tives the right ol trial by jury.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, against the ad-
mission ot more slave Slates into the Union.
Also, four several petitions ot cmzi ns and electors ol
Denmark, Lewis county, New Yoik, tor the .-ame objects.
Also, four several petitions of citizens of St. Lawrence
county, New York, lor the same objects.
By Mr. CLARK.li: The j < tition ot Eliza Kirby, relict of
Edmund Kn by, pray ing an nmendim nt in ihe pension I >\\s.
Also, four several petitions, signed by James Wait and
50 other--, citizens ol Jefferson county. New York,—one
asking that alleged fugitive slaves be entitled to a tual by
jury; one asking the repeal of all laws for the suppoitof
slavery in the District of Columbia ; one to exclude slavery
from the territories; and one against the admission ol any-
more slave States.
Also, the petition of B. F. Skinner and 29 others, citizens
ot the county of Jefferson, New Y'ork, asking specific duties
on n on.
BvMr.DUER: The petition of John Woodall and others,
of New Haven, New Yoik, praying for a tual by jury to
fugitive slaves.
^ Also, the petition of Altnon Lindsley and other?, of the
same place, praying lor ihe abolition of slaveiy and the
slave trade in the District ol Columbia.
Also, the petition of Ihe s-ame, against the admission of
any more slave States into the Union.
Also, tli- petition ol John Woodall and otheis, of the same
place. praying lor the prohibition ot slavery and the slave
trade m all ihe territories ol ihe United States.
By Mr. JACKSON, of New Vork : Tne petition of Joseph
E-ty, J. S. Lee, ami 225 others, citizens ot Ithaca, Tump
kins county. New York, piaying that a law he passed by
Congress, giving to fugitive sinves the right of trial byjuiv.
Also, ihe petition ol W. D. henry, Charles Wagntr, and j
86 others, citizens of Yates county, New York, on'the same i
subject. ,
Alto, the petition of B. G. Feiri«> N. Critfpnden, and 65 1
others, citizens oi Ithaca, Tompkins Cou.dy, New York, on
the subject ol cheap posuue.
Also, the petition ot Josiah Dnnham, J. H. Ilardy, and 23
others, citizen? of Ehnyra, Lhtmung county, New York,
praying that ihe dutn s on loreign iron, which w ere collet, ted
under the tanff of lb'46, at the time of its enactment, be now
made specific,^o that our interest- may be shielded, and
that our own lahor may be elevated and compensated.
i'y Mr. DOTY: The petition of Thomas Reynolds, S.
W. Gay, andjothers, lor a land office at Wauonah, the port-
age between tiie Netmnh and Wisconsin livers, m the
county ot Columbia.
Also, the petition of R. A Law, J. S. Buck, and others,
for an appiopriation of bind to construct a load fiom Green
Bay, m Wisconsin, to St. Paul's, in Minnesota.
Also, the petition of Sergeant Jomi Cummu.s, for pay for
services as a  ting Assistant Commissary ot Subsidence, at
Fort Crawiord.
Also, the petition of II. H. Smith, Thomas Davis, and
otheis, lor an appropriation for a light-house at'i wo Riveis,
in t:ie county ot Manitowoc.
Also, the petition of John W. Taylor, Henry J. Davidson,
P. H. Smith, and others, tor n mail-iouse fiom Plymouth iu
Sheboygan county, b\ Eik Heart, New Holstein, Charles,
town and Stockbridge, to Menusha, in Winnebago county.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, $prU 10, 1850.
Mr. WALES. I present a petition of citizens
of the State of Delaware, against the admission of
slavery in any of the'territories of the United States,
by proper legal eriae.tniems, and for the prompt
admission of California into the Union as a State.
1 have looked through the signatures attached to
this petition arid 1 find that it is signed by citizens
of respectability and intelligence—men wiio.se
opinions are entitled to consideration. Without
] reading, I move that it L e relened to ihe Commit*
| tee on Territones.
! It was so referred.
i Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial of
, John S. Glasson, an officer in the navy of the
United States, commanding the fcchooner Falcon,
asking that the puze money resulting from cap-
tures of certain vessels made by him during the
late war with Mexico, may be distributed among'
the ciew of the said vessel; which was leferred to
the Committee on Naval A/Fairs.
Also, a memorial of Gilbert Cameron, asking
that a contract be made with him to complete the
wings of the Patent Office, on the ground of his
having been the lowest bidder under the advertise-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. RUSH presented the petition of John S.
Gibson, asking the remission of a fine imposed on
him for the non-peiformance of service on route
No. 6,012; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
the District of Columbia, asking that the olKce of
chaplain m the public service may be abolished;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Saybrook, in the
State ot Connecticut, asking the adoption of meas-
ures for the settlement of international contiovei-
sies; which was relerted to the Cummittee on
Foreign Relations.
Also, a petition of citizens of Seneca county, in
the S-ate of New York, and a pennon from citi-
zens of Jackson, in the Siate of Mississippi-, asking
a reduction of the rate3 of postage; which were
refeired to the Committee on the Post Orfiee and
Post Roads.
Also, two petitions of inhabitants of Medina
county, in the State of Ohio, asking the rejection
i of the resolutions submitted by Mr. Clay" on tne
' 29th of January last, arid that slavery may be pro-
hibited in all territories now free; that slavery and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and
the slave trade between the States may be abol-
ished; and that the provisions of the act of 1793
for the recovery of fugitive slaves may be repealed; -
which were oidered to he on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Beaver county, in
the State of Pennsylvania, a petition of citizens of
Berkslme, Vermont, a peuuuu ol citizens of Me-
dina county, Ohio, a petition of < itizensof Hudson,
Ne-w Hampshire, a petition of citizens of Elling-
ton, New Yoik,a pennon of citizens ofCiansum,
Rhode island, and three petitions of citizens of
Muine, generally asking that slavery and the slave
trade may be prohibited by law in all the temto-
ries ot the United States; winch were oideted to
lie on the table.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Maine, a peti-
tion ot citizens ol MassachusHts, a petition oi'cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, and two petitions ot citizens
of New York, asking that no State may hereafter
be admitted into this Union whose constitution
does not expiessly prohibit slaveiy within us
limits; winch wtre oideied to lie on the table.
Also, two petitions ol citizens of Maine, a peti«
tion of ciwzcns cf New Yoik, a petition of citizens
of Rhode Island, a petition of citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, a petition of citizens of Vermont, and two
petitions of citizens of Ohio and Illinois, asking
that slavery and the slave trade may be abolished
in the District of Columbia, or the seat of Gov-
ernment removed theietrom; which weieoideied
to he on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Yoi k, a peti-
tion of citizens ol Pennsylvania, and a petition of
citizens of Maine, asking lhat the light of trial by
juiy may be secured by law to lu^iuve slaves
i arrested in any State other than that in winch the
| service is claimed; winch weie ordered to lie on
I the table.
