684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Also, five petitions signed by male and female
inhabitants of Pennsylvania, asking the immediate
abolition of slavery And the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, asking
the rejection the " eighth" in the series of resolu-
tions submitted by Mr. Clay on the 29th January
last; which were ordered todie on the table.
Also, a petition signed by male and female in-
habitants of Portage county, in the State of Ohio,
asking that slavery may be prohibited in all the
territories of the United States, and abolished in
the District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON rose whin these petitions were
sent to the Secretary's desk and said: 1 did not hear
the purport of these memorials; will the Senator
again state what they pray for?
They were returned to the honorable gentleman.
Mr. HALE then restated the endorsement of
one which prayed that slavery and the slave trade
might be prohibited in the territories of the United
States.
Mr. CLAY. Is that petition printed or is it in
manuscript?
Mr. I-IALE. The signatures are in manuscript.
Mr. CLAY. How is the heading of those me-
morials ?
Mr. HALE. Some are in writing and some are
in print.
The memorials were all again presented, one of
which, at his request, Was handed to Mr. Clay by
a page.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, 1 will make
a motion which I think will promote the dispatch
of business; it is that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire have leave to present all such petitions to the
Secretary, and that he be authorized to make the
usual disposition of them. This would save much
time, as almost every day nearly half the usual
morning hour is consumed by the presentation of
such petitions.
Mr. HALE. I wish to remark to the Senator
that he is mistaken 
• [The honorable gentleman yielded the floor that
a message might be received from the President ot'
the United States.]
Mr, ATCHISON. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. HALE. I was going to say that the Sena-
tor is altogether mistaken with regard to my occu-
pying time here every morning. Instead of doing
so, I determined long ago to lay them by as they
came to mo, arid to come here with these petitions
but once a month, and then to make a general de-
livery. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY. I cannot allow this occasion to
-pass without calling to the attention of the Senate
a fact connected with most of these petitions. Sir,
the moment a prospect opens in this unhappy
country of settling our differences, these disturbers
of the peace, these abolitionists, put themselves m
motion—the Jays, the Phillipses, and others in
other quarters—and they establish a conceited and
ramified plan of operations, and I want to expose
it to the Senate, i-lere, sir, is a little bit of punted
paper (holding up the petition which had been de-
livered to him) scattered throughout the whole
country. Some of them found their way into my
own State. I presented them the other day from
Lewis county, primed, I have no doubt, at a com-
mon centre, and dispersed throughout the country,
in order to produce a common effcct, and to make
an impression on this body as if they were speak-
ing the public sentiment in this country.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to suggest to the Senator from Kentucky
that these petitions have all been passed upon.
Mr. CLAY. But 1 have one of them in my
own hand, sir; and the Chair does not know how
my remarks may terminate, nor what motion I
may make.
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
called to order. He will take his seat till the
point of order is ascertained.
Mr. CLAY. State your point of order, sir, and
I will answer it. State your point of order.
Mr. HALE. I am not to be disturbed by any
loud talk either before or behind.
Mr. CLAY. Weil, go on; no man speaks
louder than yourself.
Mr. HALE. 1 rise to a point of order. I am
addressing the Chair. I will not submit to inter-
ruption.
Mr. MAN GUM. I rise to a point of order.
The Senator from New Hampshire has no right
to proceed with his remarks, unless he reduces his
point of order to writing.
Mr. CLAY. If gentlemen will have a little pa-
tience, there will be no need for these questions of
order. I have a right to make a motion to take
up these petitions and refer them to a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is ap-
pealed to on a point of order. The Senator from
New Hampshire will state what it is.
Mr. HALE. The point of order I was about
to state is this: The Chair had ruled that these
petitions had all been passed upon, and the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky says he has one of
them in his hand. I suppose the petition he has
in his hand is one which I sent to the Chair, and
was passed upon and disposed of; and it did not,
therefore, come into his hands without being dis-
posed of. That is the point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of order
then involves a fact of which the Chair had no
knowledge.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Kentucky
stated that it was one of the petitions which he
held in his hand.
Mr. CLAY. I want to know whether I may
not proceed with the observations which 1 was
addressing to the Chair, and then conclude them
by a motion to refer these petitions to a committee.
I wish some learned friend, some of the learned
parliamentarians, would state whether he thinks it
is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that question is
presented to the Chair, it is the opinion of the
Chair that the motion must precede the argument.
Mr. CLAY. Very well, sir; then 1 will make
my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I may be mis-
taken, and if 1 am 1 shall be glad to be corrected.
Mr. CLAY. Well, then, 1 make the motion to
precede the argument, though that is not my
opinion. 1 will tell you what is the law. If a
member gets up and makes a speech of an unsea-
sonable length, intending to follow it with a prac-
tical motion, the Chair may require him to state
what his motion is. That was once done in a
memorable case in which Mr. Randolph made a
speech of about an hour against a proposition not
before the House, and not submitted by him,
when he was about to make a motion that it was
inexpedient to declare war, 1 called him to Older,
and lie was pronounced out of order.
The invariable practice, and the lational prac-
tice of every deliberative body upon earth, is to
allow a member who is going to make a motion,
to preface that motion by brief and peitinent re-
marks relating to the motion. 1 think, sir, 1 know
the law on the subject, and have reason to know
it. Well, sir, I do not know that I shall present
any such motion, but I have a right to put myself
m order by making such a motion, and 1 trust the
honorable Senator who is listened to by myself
with as much complacency as anybody, will not
manifest any very great impatience at my calling
the attention of the Senate to this minified and
concerted plan of the Abolitionists to circulate their
little bus of printed petitions adapted to all the
variety of cases; one for abolishing the slave trade;
one for abolishing slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; one for removing the seat of Government fiom
this District; ill every shape and modem which they
can bring up the question of slavery. 1 trust that
neither the Senator nor his friends, in the House
or out of the House, will manliest any great de-
gree of impatience while I call the attention of the
Senate and of the country to the l'act, and show
that the object is to manufacture a sort of public
opinion m Older to make an impression upon us
at a moment when we are endeavoring to heal the
wounds of the countiy and to reconcile its dis-
tracted and unhappy pails.
Sir, of all the bitteicst enemies toward the un-
fortunate negro race, tliere are nune to compare
with these Abolitionists, pretended filends of;
theirs; but who, like, the Siamese twins, connect !
themselves with the negro, or, like the centaur of !
old, mount not the back of a hoise, but the back i
of the negro to rule themselves into power; and in }
ordar to display a luendship they feel only for !
themselves, and not for the negro race. No, sir; j
there are not worse enemies in the countiy ol the |
negro race than these ultra abolitionists. To what
sorts of extremity have they not driven the slave-
holding States in defence of their own rights, and in
guarding against those excesses to which they have
a constant tendency.
Now, sir, I have said all I intended to say. I
have some of these petitiQns, which I wish had
been presented to some other person as the medium
of communication to the Senate; but they shall not
deceive me by this attempt to create a false im-
pression as to the real state of feeling throughout
the country. I will make the motion, if the gen-
tleman insists, to take up these petitions; I have a
right to do it, though I have no desire to do it.
No wish being expressed that the motion should
be made,
Mr. CLAY continued. Sir, while I am up I
will present some petitions; not exactly of the
same character, but which relate to business be-
fore the Senate. One of them is a petition signed
by a great number of people, some of them very
respectable, from my own knowledge, in the city
of Philadelphia, recommending to Congress the
passage of a measure in regard to Mr. Griinnell's
prosecution of the search for Sir John Franklin
and his companions.
The petition presented was from merchants and
other citizens of Philadelphia, setting forth that it
is deemed essential to the success of Mr. Gi innell's
scheme to have thirty seamen belonging to the
United States navy, over whom the discipline of
the navy may be extended, in order that the search
for Sir John Franklin may be effectual. It was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLAY also presented a petition from Wil-
liam Tell Zollickoffer, asking to be allowed a pen-
sion for services in the late war with Mexico;
which was referied to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, from citizens of Indiana, asking that those
who served in the last war with Great Britain,
and in the Indian wars, may be allowed bounty
land. The memorial sets forth that they served
the country either in some wars with Indian tribes
or in the last war with England; that the officers
and soldiers that served in the war of the Revolu-
tion have had their declining years made comfort-
able, and their feelings solaced, by a grant of pen-
sions, and those who served in the late war with
Mexico have received grants of bounty lands; thus
leaving those who served in the Indian wars, and
in the last war with England, as the only class
who have not, in one way or another, received
| some mark of remembrance from the nation, and
some bounty to compensate the perils and suffer-
ings incident to service in the tented field. The
memorial was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affdiis.
Mr. HALE. I wish to take occasion to make
a single lemark, as allusion was made to me by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky. He coilti-
seled me to a good deal of patience. Now, I
thought, sir, if I had been old enough to advise
; that Senator, that he stood m need of it before I
j did, and more than I did.
I Mr. FOOTE. I call the Senator from New
i Hampshire to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire is called to order; he will take
his seat.
Mr. FOOTE. I withdraw the call, at the sug-
gestion of friends around me.
Mr. HALE. 1 thought the honorable Senator
j, from Mississippi would not be so unkind as to re-
;j fuse me an opportunity of making a personal ex-
■ pldnation.
Mr. FOOTE, Ceitainly not.
, Mr. HALE. I was simply going to say, that I
thought the manner of the Senator, "in speaking to
me, alter I had the door, and while I had the fiooi—-
however our situations may differ—however hum-
ble I may be as an individual—I thought that the
I manner of the honorable Senator did not accord
with the equality of rights that gentlemen have here
on this floor. 1 am notarrogant and piesuming. I
desire, in the humble sphere of my duty, to do it;
and, sir, I need not tell the Senator that 1 shall do
it; and that no insinuations, no threats, no talk,
loud or low, coming from any quarter, under any
l circumstances, will deter me from it. I have but
, one light to guide me—the light of my own con-
science—to walk in the path of my duty. There
■ I must go; and no exhibitions of any sort, coming
from any quarter, at any time, will have the least
j influence upon me at all.
