686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
certain individuals who are known to be particularly
ambitious of having an active participation in the
distribution of the spoils of office; who, m fact, are
rather ♦'notorious" for attempts to monopolize the
whole official patronage under the Federal Govern-
ment, will take seasonable warning from-the hint
now imparted, and that they wUl understand that
some of us are resolved to m^et them with this po-
tent remedy, and put an end to their local conse-
quence at home, by defeating every nomination
which they may have had the least agency in
bnngjiwj before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. As these remarks have been called
forth, sir, by what I have done in presenting peti-
tions here, i wish to put myself right on a partic-
ular subject.
iMr. POOTE. I did not allude to the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I am glad to hear it. I was
goin<j to tell the Senator from Mississippi, that if
he had alluded to me, he might as well have saved
his breath for some more valuable ourpose, because
I wish to state to the Senate that since I have been
in this city f have never, except upon one occa-
sion, had the patronage of a single individual in
my hands. I have never given ad vice except in one
single instance, and then it was because I happened
to be the only man from New Hampshire in the
city, and even then [ was so unwilling to take the
responsibility of giving advice that i consulted
with the Senator from Massachusetts, who has
resided there, and that man has been confirmed.
That is the only solitary appointment I have ever
tendered advice ab  ut, or been asked about by
this Administration^since it came into power. No
friends of mine have anything to gam or lose by
any influence of mine of this sort. I have never
tried to exercise any, and I never mean to. So
much for myself; if anybody else is hurt, they
may take care of their own sore places. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FOOTE. All that l have to say is, that I
did not intend to allude to the Senator from New
Hampshire, i never suspected him of having the
least influence with the Administration. [Laugh-
ter.] [ never susppcted such a thing. 1 never
heard him charged with having the least influence
with the present patriotic Executive. God forbid
that a suspicion so unjust to the Executive should
ever enter my mind! [Laughter.] He might
have saved himself the trouble of vindication, as I
distinctly disavowed any allusion to him. If there
are any persons here or elsewhere that feel—to
use the language of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire—that they have "sore places," and will
point them out, f will say at once whether or not
I jefer to them, because I am perfectly willing to
be understood. I think my allusion is understood
to some extent, and will be understood by the
country; and I wish to be understood by the coun-
try as being solemnly resolved to act upon the
principle which I have named.
Mr. BADGER. I move to lay the question on
the table.
Mr. CLAY". Will the Senator withdraw the
motion for a moment'
Mr. BADGER.' Certainly, sir—certainly.
Mr. CLAY". Mr. President, it has been my
constant course, through a conviction of its ex-
pediency, to receive generally petitions whenever
they a e presented to us for any object at all within
our power, or respecting which it can be doubtful
whether we have the power or not. 1 adopted
this course many years ago, upon full reflection,
believing that that would happen which afterward
did happen—that they would connect the subject
of abolition with the right of petition, and they
would acquire additional consequence from such a
union of the subjects. But, sir, this petition is a
very dliferent thing. It is the first time, 1 think,
that any su'-h petition was ever presented. What
is it, sir? Why, that the whole negro population
of ihe country should be enrolled in the militia.
Mr. HALE. No; that petition has been dis-
posed of.
Mr. CLAY. Then I will make a motion to
take it up again, and make a motion in which, I
hope, we may have a unanimous vote. Was the
petition l<*id on the table?
Mr. RUSK. I will withdraw my motion, so
that u goes upon the table.
Mr. CLAY. I will move then to take up the
petition on the subject of the enrollment of the
slaves of this cauntry in the militia, for the pur-
pose of making a rrtotion, and, without further
argument upon the subject, invite the Senate to
act upon it; expressing a hope, and I shall call for
the yeas and nays for that purpose, that this peti-
tion will be rejected by the decisive, and indignant,
and unanimous vote of the whole body. I move
you, sir, to take up the petition, and I will then
move to reject the prayer of the petition, and call
for the yeas and nays.
The motion to take up the petition having been
put and carried—**
Mr. DAVIS; of Massachusetts, said: I ad-
dressed the Chair, I believe, before the question
was put.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think my motion will
take up any time.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going to say that the hour
has arrived for taking up the special order.
Mr. CLAY. Oh, let us come to a vote upon
this matter first. 1 move to reject the prayer of
the petition, and I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SE WARD. 1 have voted for the yeas and
nays upon this question, as, m my whole life and
the whole of my legislative experience, 1 have
never voted against the yeas and nays, and never
hesitated to record my opinion. This petition
was presented by me, among sixty or seventy
other petitions, from the citizens of various parts
of the Siate of New York yesterday, and therefore
a word is due from me upon the subject, and that
woid will be spoken with frankness, with respect,
and with firmness, if 1 shall be able to combine
those three sentiments. The fact of the presenta-
tion of this petition by myself has drawn down
upon me severe censure, if i understood the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] m the
remarks which he made. In reply to those le-
marks, and to the remarks of no other Senator, I
have to say that I have heretofore—without troub-
ling the Senate with any argument m defence or
vindication of my views upon the right of peti-
tion—distinctly stated that I deemed the right of
petition an inherent right of the citizen, an inde-
feasible right, just as much as the right of suffrage,
a right to be forfeited only by crime. I hold it to
be the indefeasible right of every human being to
petmou a higher power. I submit myself to all
applications and all demands, m private and in
public life; and this natural and inherent right of
man is specially secured and guaiantitd, as t un-
deistand the Constitution, to every citizen of this
country. I therefore present, as one of the organs
thijpugh whom application must be made to this
legislative body, every petition that is submitted
to me for that purpose, i withhold none. I de-
fend and vindicate those which I rise in my place
to defend arid vindicate, and 1 leave witnoui vindi-
cation or defence, and for future consideration,
those which i present without vindication or de-
fence. This is my rule of action. Other Senators
have a diiferent rule. They think they have a
right, and that they are bound to discriminate be-
tween petitions which they will present to this
body, and those which they will not. I do not
impugn their motives; 1 do not assail them in the
least. I should have lived to but little purpose,
Mr. President, as long us I have lived, if 1 had
not learned from my own infirmities the obliga-
tions of justice and charity to the motives of others.
I shall not shrink from the performance of what
is my duty, under any cucumstances of censure.
1 go a little further in explanation, because J shall
vote for receiving this petition. X shall vote against
the resolution to reject it.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) The motion is to
reject the prayer of the petition.
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honorable Senator
from Kentucky for the information. I understood
it to be a motion to reject the petition itself.
A Senator. Oh, no; to reject the prayer of the
petition.
Mr. SEWARD. I am very glad to receive the
explanation. It furnishes me an occasion on which ;
I can, with great pleasure and satisfaction, mani- J
fest the spirit which I entertain and cherish in re-
gard to the Constitution and all the institutions of ;
this country. j
1 have had occasion to say heretofore, that !
while I believe that all men have " natural and in- i
alienable rights to life, hbeity, and the pursuit of I
happiness," and that it is the fundamental pur- !
pose of this Government to; secure these rights, j
that at the same time such institutions as exist \\
among men should be held and maintained until
they can be peaceably, lawfully, and constitution-
ally changed. 1 am in favor, as I have said, of
the emancipation of the slaves in this country, and
in all countries; but, as I have said before, I am in
favor of obtaining that object only by peaceful,
lawful, and constitutional means; and where the
Constitution interdicts, there i stop. To receive
this petition, and reject its prayerasone that ought
not to be granted, is in exact accordance with the
course I have before proposed in regard to petitions
for a dissolution of the Union. Jt belongs to the
States where slavery exists to abolish it there.
To arm and organize the slaves would be a means
of violence to effect emancipation unconstitution-
ally, in violation of State rights.
And now, whatever may be intended for me,
here or elsewhere, I beg honorable Senators to
understand thi§ as the rule of my conduct for the
future. I shall never assail the motives of any
member of this body. 1 shall neverdefend myself
against any imputation of motives made against
me. If such imputations are made, in whatever
shape they may come, as they have done in va-
rious shapes here, I shall pass them by m silence.
They will not in the least disturb my equanimity.
I will venture further to assure those who may
make them, that they will not in the least degree
change my social and private feelings in regard to
them. Ajnd f shall pursue this course for the sim-
ple reason, that if a different one was pursued by
me towards others, 1 should expect it to have the
same effect upon them, which any want of kind-
ness, or courtesy, or respect towards me on their
part has upon me; and that is just exactly no effect
whatever—no effect at all. They must consult
their consciences, their sense of propriety; I shall
consult mine; and when I shall retire from this
body, at the expiration of my term of office, every
member who shall continue here with me will find
that I have vindicated this rule of action. 1 have
never retorted nor retaliated; I never shall.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to say a single word, and
that is, lo express a hope that theie will be no
further discussion, but that the vote will be taken,
and taken in the manner I have suggested, with a
solemnity and unanimity which, I am sure, will
have a good effect. The petition, be it remem-
bered, has been received. There can therefore be
no reproach against the Senate for not receiving it.
The question now is, shall its prayer be granted?
And that prayer is to do what no man can conceive
or dream of without horror and dismay. The
proposition is to embody every slave in the United
States in the militia of the United States. Sir, I
tiust honorable Senators are prepared to vote upon
thus question. The Senator who sits near me [Mr.
Seward] has, in a very calm, orderly manner,
expressed his views. Though we may not agiee
with him, let us say nothing more, but go to the
vote, and vote, by a singular instance of unanimity
and decision, against the abominable prayer of the
petition.
The motion was put from the chair, and the
yeas and nays having been taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchi«on, Badger, Bell, Benton, Bor-
land, Ur.uihury, Orujbi, Butler, Cha^, Clarke, Ui.iv. Cooper,
Corvvm, Duvh of Md-« u-htwu>, Davtou, Dk kiiim-n, hod -u
of Iowa, D>ds[r> of Wworwn, Dmglass, FHch, F. r>|p,
Greene, Hale, l-Jmnhn. Hunter, Jones, King, Maitgum, Ma-
son, Mdltr, Morion, Notre, Fearc«.', rht-lp.-, liiek, S^tu*-
tran, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul6, RpiuHiic*, Turney,
Underwood, Wales, Walker, Wtbaier, Whitcomb, and
Yul«e-4d. '
NAYS. None.
i So the motion was unanimously adopted.
I PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED,
j On motion by Mr. HUNTER,
Ordered, That the petition of Chmles Taylor, on the files
of the .Senate, be rWeiM-rt to the Committee on Tensions.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TURNEY gave notice of his intention to
morrow, or some subsequent day, to ask leave to
introduce a bill supplementary to the act entitled
" An act for the payment of horses and other
property lost or destroyed in the military service
of the United States."
SYNOPTICAL INDEX TO LAWS?
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, Tliut ihe Secnnarv of the Striate be aulhoiized
to contract with Mi-ssrs. Littl.j & Brown 101 Iwclv.- humiiod
and fifty eop.es ot'the Synoptical Index prepiued by dneo-
Uon of the {senate, and to umhraee m addition thy laws of
