■ 1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept, 9,
ment, then, by striking out that portion which re-
lated to Mr. Millet.
Mr. SWEETSER renewed his point of order
upon the amendment as modified.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, before
the question was decided, he hoped the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] would modify his
amendment, so as to pay mileage also to the Sen-
ators elect from New Mexico, Mr. Weightman,
and Mr. Cunningham.
Mr. FITCH. I think I shall decline the prop-
osition. I will wait till they present themselves
to take their seats.
Mr. JONES moved to amend by striking out
the word "Delegate," and inserting "agent."
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment was not
in order, as there was already an amendment to
the amendment pending.
Mr. SWEETSER appealed from the decision
of the Chair ruling the amendment of Mr. Fitch
in ord,er. It seems to me (said he) that we are
pressing this matter to a point too far——
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said, in his
opinion the appeal was not debatable.
Mr. WOODWARD suggested to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] that he bad made an
important omission in his amendment. There had
been elected a person as a member of Congress
from New Mexico, as well as a Delegate; and if
the last election did not supersede the first, the
member of Congress should at least be placed upon
a footing of equality. The gentleman from Indi-
ana should include the mileage for the member of
Congress also.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chan
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the amendment of Mr. Fitch was ruled out of
order.
The question recurring upon the amendment—
Mr. HOUSTON moved the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
"And that the Cleik of the House cause the Executive
Mam-iim lo be nirnMird with a complete set of the Doen
mi nt.-'and Journals of Congress up to the present tune, anil
that the sum of live hundred dollars is hereby appropriated
outot any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropu-
ated, for that purpose."
Mr. H. said he regarded it as proper that an
appropriation should be made for the purpose
of furnishing the Executive Mansion with the
reports and documents of Congress. Some days
ago, he had made an attempt to introduce a
resolution to this effect, but he did not succeed in
his object. It was not until recently that he had
become aware that the Executive Mansion was
not supplied with these documents. lie had al-
ways supposed that it was the custom to furnish
the President with these books, in the same man-
ner as the several departments were supplied with
them. He had learned, however, that this was
not done. There could be no doubt that it ought
to be done; and he hoped, therefore, that his
amendment would be adopted. He thought it
would be obviously improper to refuse to supply
the President with these documents. He had oc-
casion for them for the purpose of' daily reference
in the dischaige of his official du:i. s, aiid now,
he is compelled, whenever the necessity for a ref-
erence occurs, to send to some one of the depart-
ments. He hoped that the House would adopt
this amendment, so that the President may here-
after have the means of reference at hand.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he should
oppose the amendment. He regarded this proposi-
tion as laying the foundation for a great Execu-
tive library, for he knew that it would end in that.
An appropriation of §500 was now asked to fur-
nish the President with the reports and documents
of Congress. Next year there will be $1,000
asked for; and the year following it will be $2,000;
and so we shall go on until we shall have built up
a great Executive library. He was opposed to
the proposition altogether.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment, it was ordered to be taken by tellers.
Mr. Featherston aad Mr. Ogle were ap-
pointed tellers; and the question being taken, the
result was announced—ayes 63, noes 64.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question being on the amendment as
amended—
Mr. VINTON said he was quite sure that the
committee had overruled the decision of the Chair,
a few moments since, without having a sufficient
understanding of the subject. He would now
move to amend the amendment by inserting after
the word " mileage," the following words:
" And that Hugh N. Smitii and Almon W. Babbit, late
claimants for seat* in the House of Representatives from
New Mexico and Utah, he allowed their per diem from the
day of ttieir arrival m Washington, to the day when their
claim to a seat was rejected by a vote of the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and also the sum of $2,000 each for their mile-
aae : Provuled, That no per diem shall be allowed for any
time previous to the commencement of the session of Con-
gress."
Mr. SWEETSER objected to the amendment
as out of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided, that after the re-
cent decision of the committee, he was compelled
to rule it out of order.
Mr. VINTON appealed from this decision of
the Chair.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" when there appeared—ayes 41, noes G8.
There being no quorum voting, tellers were
demanded, and Messrs. Waldo and Ogle were
appointed.
The question was aaain put, when there ap-
peared—ayes 46, noes 78.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
Mr. VINTON ihen defended the amendment to
the amendment, stating that he had put the amount
of the compensation to the Delegates who pre-
sented themselves here from New Mexico and
Deseret below what was given to the Delegate
from Oregon, and provided that the per diem
should be allowed from the time when these Del-
egates presented themselves in this city to the time
when they were rejected.
Mr. STRONG said, it was due to the Commit-
tee on Elections that he should state, that while he
rose in opposition to the payment of this com-
pensation in the manner now proposed by the res-
olution, he was in favor of paying these gentlemen.
He had certainly been always of the opinion that
under the circumstances in which these.gentlemen
had presented themselves, it was quite proper that
the House should compensate them for their ex-
penses and their lost time. But he did not think
that they ought to be put on a footing, in regard to
mileage and per diem, with the Delegates who
have seats in this House.
Mr. SWEETSER called the gentleman front
Pennsylvania to order. Instead of opposing the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, in com-
pliance with the rule, he was, in fact, advocating it.
Several Voices. No; he is opposing it.
Mr. STRONG. So he was understand by every
gentleman except his friend from Ohio. He was
saying that, it was bad policy lo put these gentle-
men on a footing with the Delegates having seats
on the floor. This objection was, however, ob-
viated by the terms of the amendment. But when
he was asked to allow these gentlemen a per diem
of eight dollars and the full mileage, it was evident
that they would then be on the same footing with
the regular Delegates on this floor.
Mr. VINTON asked if that was not conform-
able to the practice of the House in similar cases'
Mr. STRONG resumed, stating that, in former
cases, the Delegates had a right to that amount of
compensation under the act of 1817. But in this
case, these gentlemen coukl only be regarded as
applicants for the courtesy of the House. They
did not stand on the footing of former Delegates;
they had no claims in common with them. They
presented themselves here simply as the agents,
the one of a Territory not organized at all, and the
other of a Terntoiy not recognized. He was de-
sirous to move an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIR decided that as there was already
pending an amendment to an amendment, any
further amendment would not now be in order.
Mr. STRONG said, that as his amendment
would not now be in order, he would merely say
that he would be willing to pay these agents their
mileage and a per diem of $4, or their full per
diem and no mileage. But i( we were to give them
their per diem and mileage, as to other Delegates,
we should be establishing a precedent which would
bind us hereafter.
Mr. SWEETSER asked if it was not compe-
tent for him to offer an amendment to the amend-
ment?
The CHAIR decided that it would be out of
order.
The question was then put, tellers being, de-
manded and granted, and Messrs. McWillie and
Levin acting as tellers, when the result was an-
nounced as follows—ayes 68, noe.s 42.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was then agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the billjbe laitf aside,
to be reported; which was agreed to.
. TREATY WITH MEXICO.
Mr. BAYLY, as? chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, introduced a bill providing
for the further execution of the treaty with Mex-
ico, concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, and appro-
priating $3,360,000, for that puipose.
The bill having been read—
Mr. DISNEY moved to amend it by adding the
following words, viz:
"To be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury on the
notification of the Secretary of Stale."
Mr. D. I have a few words to say in regard
to this amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (interpos-
ing,) said, he felt constrained to raise a point of
Older. This bill had been introduced ill Commit-
mittee of the Whole, and not referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole by the House. This, he
thought, was entirely wrong. It certainly was
not warranted by the rules of the House.
Mr. BAYLY said, the gentleman might be right
in regard to the point of order if the fact was pre-
cisely as he had stated it. But the gentleman
would recollect that the subject had been referred
by the House to the Committee of the Whole ore
the state of the Union when the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill was referred. This bill, in the
very terms in which it was now presented, had
been stricken out of the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, ill consequence of the rule of the
House which declares that a bill for carrying out
the stipulations of a treaty cannot be connected
with any other subject.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, he thought it was too
late to raise the point of order, the bill having been
to some extent acted upon.
After some further conversation on the point of
order by Messrs. Bayly, Boyd, Thompson of
Mississippi, and Haralso*,
Mr. BAYLY withdrew the bill.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee take up
for consideration the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy at West
Point.
The motion was agreed to.
This bill had been returned from the Senate with
amendments.
The amendments were read by the Clerk.
1. Striking out from the item of pay of officers,
instructors, cadets, and musicians, " $79,764,"
and inserting " |87,43fi."
2. Striking from the item for commutation of
subsistence, " 85,621," and inserting " $9,263."
3. Striking from the item for forage of officer's
horses, " §1,800," and inserting " $1,864."
4. Striking from the bill the following, viz:
"That henceforth the Professor of I>rawmg and the Pro-
fessor of French, shall be entitled to receivo the sum of
§1,500 per annum in addition to quarters and fuel now al-
lowed by law, in lieu ot the sum now received by them,
and that .$626 be and the same is hereby appropriated, out
of any monev m tile Tieasury not othet wise appiopriated hy
law, m addition to the oilier appiopriaiions made m this bill,
; to carry this proviso into effect; and that no prnfe^or of the
Military Academy shall he entitled to draw forage, or in lieu
! thereof, for more than one horse, to be owned and actually
kept in service."
I And inserting in lieu thereof, the following:
' "That hereafter, in lieu ot the pay proper, ordinary ra-
; tions, (orage and servants, heretoiore received under iheac-
! of April 14, 1812, the Prolessois of Ensineering, Philosophy,
1 Mathematics, Elhics, and Chemistry, shall be entitled to
! receive $2,01)0each, per annum ; and the Professors ofDiaw-
. in? and French, $1,500 each, per annum."
' 5. Striking from the item for clothing for otheers' ser-
I vants, " $420" and inserting "$430."
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to explain to the com-
| mittee the character of this amendment, so that
! they may vote understanding! y upon it. The
' change which has been made by the Senate is
simpfy this: In place of paying the professors as
the officers of the army are paid, by having their
compensation made up of various it'ems, such as
pay proper, allowance for subsistence, allowance
for servants, for horses, forage, &c., the Senate
proposes to pay them a round sum; and in doing
this, they have reduced the pay of one of the pro-
