1850.
THE CONGftffi&KOftAL' GLOBE.
17811
fesscYs—the Professor of Engineering—some forty
odd dollars, and have slightly increased the pay of
the Professor of Chemistry, the Professor of
Ethics, and the Professor of Natural and Experi-
mental Philosphy. The pay of the Professor of
French and the Professor of Drawing, is left pre-
cisely as it stood in the bill when it passed this
House. The effect of the amendment is to reduce
the pay of one of the professors and to increase the
pay of some of the others it establishes the pay
of all the professors at $2,000, with the exception
of the Professor of French and the Professor of
thawing, who are to receive $1>500 each.
Mr. JONES remarked, that the course pursued
in regard to this bill appeared to him to be exceed-
ingly irregular. He would venture the assertion,
that it was the first time in the history of the legis-
lation of Congress, thatageneral appropriation bill
coming back from the Senate with an amendment,
had been referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, without first go-
ing to the Committee of Ways and Means, in order
that that committee might examine the amend-
ments and report to the House whether it should be
concurred m or rejected. It might not do any
great harm to take this course in this particular case;
but (continued Mr. J.) suppose the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill should come back to
this House, as it usually does, and as it will un-
doubtedly, with a number of important amend-
ments which no member of this House has a suffi-
cient opportunity to examine, and you refer it forth-
wiih to the Committee of the Whole House on the
stateof the Union; would such a course be proper ?
He thought it would not. It was a practice that
■should not be adopted by the House. This bill
ought yet to be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, so that that committee might examine
the amendment and report to the House whether
it should be concurred in or not.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to say, in reply to my
friend from Tennessee, who is also a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, that I concur to
a great extent in the remarks that he has made, but
it will be recollected that the bill has been referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union by order of the House*, and if there
is any impropriety in that proceeding the House
alone is accountable for it; if there is an irregularity
it has been committed by the House itself. And
I beg to say in refercncc to that irregularity, that
so far as the committal of the bill is concerned,
whether it be sent to the one committee or the
other, is a matter to be determined by the character
of the bill or of the amendments to it. After the
explanation which I made in reference to it, the
House came to the conclusion that there was no
occasion to send the bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and they accordingly sent it to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, i do not myself conceive that there is any
irregularity, but if there be, the House is responsi-
ble for it, and not the chairman of the Committee
ofWays and Means.
Mr. JONES. 1 am aware that it is the House,
and not the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that is responsible for the irregularity
of sending this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of th£ Union without a reference of it
to the Committee of Ways and Means; but it was
done at a time when the matter entirely escaped
my notice, or I should have endeavored to have it
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I think, sir, that it should go to that commitee
now; and for the purpose of testing the sense of
the House upon the question, I move that the
committee rise and report the bill to the House,
and ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, in order that it may go to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. EVANS rose and said, that there certainly
could, in this instance, be no occasion for the
course recommended by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.] Every one must be aware
of the nature of the chartges proposed by the Sen-
ate; they had already been explained by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Bayly;] and when the Committee of Ways and
Means made its report of the bill, were committed
to it We could expect no further light than had
already been thrown upon the subject.
Mr. JONES asked Mr. Evans to explain the
nature of the amendment made by the Senate;
which he did at some length.
Mr. EVANS then proceeded to say, that the
Professor of French at West Point was Mr. Agnel,
a gen tleman justly popular with the corps of cadets
for his estimable qualities, and one who would be
valued everywhere for hi3 fine acquirements as a
scholar, his acquaintance with the languages and
literature of Europe being minute, varied, exten-
sive, and exact; the salary proposed for him was
not too much for his acquirements, and, indeed,
in his (Mr. E.'s) opinion, not enough.
The Professor of Drawing is Mr. Weir, a gen-
tleman of the highest attainment in his profession,
and the artist who painted the beautiful picture m
the Rotunda of the embarkation of the Pilgrims;
a picture not only surpassing all the others there
collected, but one which has excited the admira-
tion of visitors from every part of the world.
He trusted the bill would not be sent to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but that the commit-
tee would report it at once to the House.
Mr. JONES renewed his motion that the com-
mittee rise and ask to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD said: Mr. Chairman, I will
take my five minutes in giving my own opinions
upon this West Point Academy.
I am not an enemy to the science and instruc-
tion imparted in that school, fori know of no place
where an equal amount of military education can
be had, and we need all that can be imparted to
those who command our armies and have the great
responsibilities growing out of that duty.
But, sir, I do desire to change the whole prac-
tice of our armies, growing out of our West Point
school, so as to give a much more thorough edu-
cation to the soldiers as well as the officers.
'This never can be done under the present sys-
tem, where none are enlisted as common soldiers
but foreigners, who enlist for mere support, or the
drunken loafers of the cities and towns.
If I had influence in the councils of the country,
I would so usethis expensive Military Academy at
West Point as to increase the power and elevate
the condition of the rank and file of the army.
This could be done by requiting the graduate at
West Point, after he had completed his education
at the public expense, to return to the district which
had given hun his education, and there teach the
youth desirous of entering the army, and after they
had been fully prepared, provide that all such as
had sufficiently improved and gave evidence of ca-
pacity and soldiership, might1 be eligible to office,
and that promotions should begin with such.
As matters now stand, no soldier, however wor-
thy, can hope fora higher position. This and the
very low pay now given a soldier, keep all high-
spirited young men out of your army us soldiers.
West Point is the only door through which they
can enter to fill an office, and act as impartially as
we may in filling this school, yet it is mostly filled
with a few favored children of fortune, and it will
not be long until most of those will be the children
of officers who have been themselves educated
there, and through whose extensive influence none
others can successfully come in competition for a
place in the army. These soon become a sepa-
rate class in society, and will claim the positions
occupied by their fathers whenever pursuits are
difficult to obtajn which lead to fortune and hon-
ors. The same may be said of the navy and the
naval schools.
I would have them employed in each one of the
"industrial pursuits of the country," free for the
entrance of all the youth. After proper training
in their pursuits, the army should construct all of
its buildings and barracks, and make its roads and
bridges, and no longer be the great and heavy
charge it now is on the country. Now you have to
hire and pay out of public taxes, nearly every day's
labor performed for the army. The sailor also
should be better instructed, and should have a
chance for promotion when he exhibited intelli-
gence, courage, and energy.
The seamen should construct their ships, and
fight in them, and keep them in repair, so far as to
greatly diminish the public charge, and increase
the use and efficiency of the navy.
You would not then find such trouble in detail-
ing officers for duty abroad, as you have now, for
if constantly employed they would be glad of a
chance to go abroad. There would not then be
the difficulty of inducing officers to go on a distant
voyage as now, for all would desire to go.
There would not be such crowds of cadets,
midshipmen, and lieutenants, to fill the first tables, *
and be first waited upon at every .city hotel, as
complained of now by travelers, for they would
be more usefully employed, and at less expense to*
themselves and country.
Your officers and men in both army and navy
would be more energetic, more useful every way,
and less charge upon the toiling millions*, and
above all, with better pay for the soldiers and sea-
men, and not so large for the officers with-constant
occupation for both, and a chance of promotion
extended to the meritorious common HoWier and
seaman, there would be more of brotherly feeling
between officers and men—more of energy and
talent in the army as a whole—and the idea of a
separate class between officers and men would not
be felt as it now is.
It would quiet the existing prejudices against
your military and naval schools among all classes
except the favored few, and, m my humble judg-
ment, increase the power and popularity of both
these arms of our country's defence.
Mr. SC ft ENCK moved that the bill, asamended,
be laid aside to be reported to the House.
The CHAIRMAN remarked, that the amend-
ment had not yet been adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK said he hoped that the amend-
ment would be concurred in. It was a very plain
and simple proposition, and one which required
no investigation by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. MORSE obtained the floor. He said he
certainly did not desire to occupy the time of the-
committee with an argument concerning the ad'
vantages to be derived from the Military Academy
at West Point. But he had hoped, after the bril-
liant achievements of the graduates of that institu-
tion in the Mexican war, that the crusade which
had been carried on on that floor for so many years
against that institution, would at last have been
permitted to cease; and he would here take occa-
sion to say, that he was somewhat surprised that
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hubbard,]
who was usually remarkable for his keen per-
ceptions of right and wrong, and for his practical
notions upon all subjects, should have indulged in
such a course of remark as he had upon this occa-
sion. He desired to say to the committee, that •
it seemed to him to be but proper, and certainly
much more in consonance with the manner of do-
ing business in this country, that the pay of the
professors at West Point Academy should be pro-
vided for in the form proposed by theSenate.. .AH,
those fictions of law, or fictions of military ser-
vice, by which horses, forage, servants,<fec., were
provided for in a time of peace, were, in his view
of the matter, extremely ridiculous He greatly
preferred paying to these gentleman a stipulated
sum, in lieu of all those allowances; and he had
no objection whatever to the amount proposed to
be given to them. It could not be expected that
the services of men of talent and acquirements
could be procured for a less sum than $1,500 a •
year. It was but a small compensation. And in
reference to the drawing department, over which
Mr. Weir presided, the committee were, perhaps,
not aware that it was one of the most important
branches of a military education. It was an un-
disputed and indisputable fact, that those skilled
in that science, the officers of the engineer depart-
ment, had performed most important services
during the progress of the war with Mexico, al-
though they had not received the credit and ap-
plause which was justly due to thetn. They
were ^bltged to expose their lives while engaged
m taking drawings of the enemy's fortifications.
He knew a young man in Louisiana, who drew
for General Scott the whole plan of the fortifica-
tions around the city of Mexico; for which ser-
vice, important as it was, he received only the ap-
proval of the general; and in its performance he 
encountered as much peril as an officer in battle.
While engaged in the duty of collecting that ac-
curate information, which was necessary to enable
the army to operate successfully, he was struck -
by no less than three spent bullets from the forti-
fications of the enemy. As an evidence of the
importance of that branch of the service, and of
the estimation in which it was held, he, need only
refer to the fact, that the first five graduates in each
year—those most distinguished for their acquire-
ments and good conduct—were the men who were
selected to enter the engineer department.
So much fer the peculiar merits of the amend-
