1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
the present session of Congress, at a price not exceeding
three dollars a volume, primed and bound in the style o: the
Slamtes su Large, published under the authority ol Congress
by said Little & Brown.
THE CENSUS BILL. •
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
the special order of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
special order was the unfinished business of yes-
terday, the census bill, and that when the Senate
adjourned the following amendment was pending:
" Be it further enacted, That the prepar .tory printing len-
dered necessary by this act, so far as the same is not already
done, shall, in order to give dispatch to bu-intss, he dune
under contract with the census hoard, on fifteen days1 no-
tice, by the lowest bidder."
Mr. SMITH. I wish to make a suggestion or two
to the gentleman who offered the amendment, [Mr.
Whugomb,] by which I hope to be able to induce
him to withdraw his proposition. My friend from
Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] when the original bill
■was under consideration, very early in the debate,
made a similar proposition to the Senate; but, after
some explanations which I made at that time, he
saw fit to withdraw 11.
Mr. BORLAND. No, I did not. It was re-
jected.
Mr. SMITH. Ah! I thought my honorable
friend had withdrawn it. If the amendment is
adopted as suggested by the Senator from Indiana,
it would involve this entire subject in inexplicable
difficulty, and in my opinion it would be utterly
impossible to execute the law atall, particularly at
this late day. I understand that the census boaid
has already made a contract for the paper and pre-
liminary printing that is required in order to carry
this law into effect. Whether the contract was
advertised for or not, I do not know, but I will
state, for the information of the Senate, that it is
necessary, in order to enable the census takers,
the marshals and their deputies, to do this business
properly, that there should be put into their hands
a very peculiar kind of paper. Paper of a very
fine quality is required; it must be made entirely
of linen; it is a paper which must be made by
hand and which cannot be made by machinery;
and I have to say, ill the first place, that if this
printing is to be put out at contract to the lowest
bidder, it will be totally impossible for the con-
tractor to procure paper in time for the proper ex-
ecution of the contract. Moreover, paper of this
sort has been procured by a priming concern in
this city; it has been procured at a very gieat
expense; it must all be made by hand, as 1 before
observed, and not by machinery, and, therefoie, if
what has been done—and done properly, I sup-
pose, under the law passed at the last session
of Congress, by the census board. I have not
been pariicu.ar in inquiring into the subject; but I
take it for granted that they have acted in con-
formity with the law—if this is all to be set aside,
and the business now put into the hands of
new contractors, 1 would ask the Senate, in what
condition will the matter be placed > The new
contractor would have to supply himself with this
paper, which, as I have explained, is made in a
peculiar manner, and which, I venture to say, could
not be procured between three and six months. In
addition to this, even if there was time to carry
any measure, such as is contemplated by the hon-
orable member from Indiana, I do not believe that
any contract you could make upon the principle of
givino- it to the lowest bidder, would be executed
in such a manner as the public service requires. I
caie not what may be the stipulations ot the con-
tract; I care not what guarantees you may demand
f the public printer—of any man who may give
.he lowest bid for the public printing—you never
can get the contiact executed m such a manner as;
the public interests require. You would get an
inferior quality of paper. The paper which is
now in the hands of the contractors with the cen-
sus board, is very nearly of the strength and qual-
ity of bank paper. It is a very supeiior kind of
paper. I believe specimens of it have been laid oil
the tables of honorable Senators. Now you may
stipulate in the contract, that the piinters shall
furnish paper that has all the strength of bank
paper, but 1 deny that you could have any guar-
antee that the contract would be fulfilled, lhe
paper will be of an inferior quality; and by the
tune the blanks reach Washington, from the hands
of the marshals and their deputies, the documents
will be in such a state as to be illegible, and of no
42
use for the purpose of making up the abstract that
is ultimately to constitute the census. 1 hope,
therefore, that upon further consideration, the
honorable Senator from Indiana will not press the
amendment; or-, if he persists in it, 1 hope that the
Senate will not pass it. Even should this bill be
carried through here to-day, and sent to the House
of Representatives, it cannot be passed there unul
the end of the month, and then, after the fort-
night's notice provided for in the amendment, the
contract is to be given to the lowest bidder, and
the materials procured; so that it would probably
be the end of August or the beginning ol Septem-
ber before the Government could begin distribu-
ting the blanks through the thirty States, and I do
not know how many Territories, which compose
this Union, stretching from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific coast. If this amendment is to be made a
part of the law, we may just as well come to the
conclusion that we will pass no law. If you com-
pel the census board to enter into a new contract
with the lowest bidder, out of perhaps forty com-
petitors, the work will be undertaken at a rate at
which it cannot possibly be done, and an inferior
paper will be used, which will crumble to pieces
in the hands of the marsnals. I repeat again, that
you may as well come to the conclusion to disre-
gard altogether the requirements of the Constitu-
tion on the subject of the census, as adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. WH1TCOMB. Before saying anything
in reply to the Senator from Connecticut, 1 de-
sire to modify jthe amendment by substituting
the word "ten3* for "fitteen." 1 modify the
amendment in order to obviate, as far as possi-
ble, the objection on the score ol length of tune, but
1 am far from being satisfied of the propriety of le-
jectmg the amendment. The principal objection
made by the Senator is, that the work requires to
be done on paper of a pai titular quality, made en-
tirely of linen, and that it would be impracticable-
for all the papermanufactories in the United States,
near enough to Washington to be available, to
make this paper by the tune it is required by the
exigencies ot the bill. Well, suppose that that is
the case—and I confess 1 am very incredulous
of it—the persons that have this supply of fine
| linen paper would have so much the more advan-
| tage in bidding for the job. i do not see, therefore,
| how the public or thegentleman's friend will suffer
I by the operation. But, sir, i am confident that
there would be competition enough for us to get
the work done in ample time for alt the requirements
of the bill. Now, we are all of us, I believe, as-
sured that there has been a belief prevalent in some
quarters that there is sometimes favoritism dis-
played in the distribution of patronage of this de-
scription, and I will say that the Senator from Con-
necticut should be one of the first to desire that a
different direction should be taken, in having this
printing done, than has been contemplated, tor the
purpose of excluding every possible suspicion of
this kind. 1 know that i should be very "soiry to
have such a responsibility piaced on any friends ol
mine, on account of the imputations that might be
cast upon them. We have nof yet been informed,
although a similar motion to tins was made the
other day, what has been the character of this ex-
isting contract which the gentleman insists has been
made. What is the amount to be paid for the
work ? If it had been a reasonable, amount, it seems
to me we should be informed ol it, tor the purpose
of disarming suspicion. Why are we not thus in-
formed ? 1 hope it is all right, but 1 should be fat-
more sure that it is all light if my amendment ob-
tains; and I am the more anxious that the amend-
ment should obtain, because objection is made to
it. I shall not suppose, sir, thai any gteat toss of
time will result liom the adoption of this amend-
ment. I apprehend ihat it an indication is made at
this early period of the course that will be pursued
by the Senate hereafter, that every prepaiation will
be made for supplying this paper and doing this
printing, and those who would desire to compete
for it will have their attention drawn to the fact,
and will be ready, the instant the proposals are
published, to make their bids. 1 believe the amend-
ment wouid have a salutary elfec.t in ge ting this
woik cheaper and better done. We have heard a
great deal said, sir, of the great expense of the
public printing to the country, and of the imperfect
manner in which it is done 1 should say it is be-
cause the contract is not sufficiently well made, or,
if well made, because it is not enforced. Let the
contractor understand that, if the work is not done
by him in the manner required by the contract, he
will be subjected to the penalties attached to the
breach of the contract. The fault lies in not hold-
ing the contractors to strict accountability for the
manner in which the work is done. We know
that there is an impression abroad that this is a
matter of favor. I wish it to be a matter of favor,
but a matter of favor to the public treasury. These
are the reasons why I shall vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe I can give the
Senate some of the information which the gentle-
man from Indiana calls for. I havfe thought it my
duty to go to the printing office, and I have ob-
tained some at least of the information. This
contract has been made, sir, for paper, to the ex-
tent of three thousand reams, and each of these
reams cost six dollars; but in the contract for
three thousand reams, at six dollars per ream,
the Government have a right to take two thou-
sand additional reams, if they think proper, at the
same price, thus making the contract for five
thousand reams, at six dollars per ream, which
will be thirty thousand dollars for paper. This
contract will, I presume, be interfered with to
some extent, if the gentl* man's amendment pre-
vails, and therefore I think it ought not to be
adopted, because of its interference with the con-
tract already made. I understand that three
thousand reams have already been furnished, and
of these, four hundred reams have aheady been
used in printing schedules one, two, and three.
Very little of it—not more than two reams—have
been used in printing schedules four, five, and six;
but most of the printing which has already taken
place is upon schedules one, two, and three, bemg
the schedules which the committee adopted, so as
not to interfere with the printing aheady done.
In the work already done, there have been 180,000
sheets already printed and ready for distribution;
those 180,000 sheet*, if you make any material
alterations, would all be lost. The committee, in
adopting the schedules of the census board which
have been primed, were to some extent governed
by the fact that these 180,000 sheets had been al-
ready printed and finished. There has already
been paid for paper under this contract six thou-
sand dollars, out of the ten thousand dollais which
were appropriated by the last Cungiess for the
use of the census board; the other four thousand
dollars of that ten thousand dollars have not yet
been used, as far as 1 understand. These are the
facts which the gentleman from Indiana desired to
have, so far as the contract heretofore has been
entered into and made.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, by whom this pa-
per was provided, and under what authority?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It was provided, as I
understand, by the census board, under the au-
thority of the act of last session. By that act an
appropriation was made of ten thousand doilajs,
which sum was placed at the disposal of the rem us
board, with the view of enacting them to procure
paper and prepare blanks suitable for going on
with the work at the proper time.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire whether
this paper will be available m case the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana be adopted ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that the
gentlemen composing the census board have put
out their proposals tor printing the forms, and that
the woik hns been pa.itIy executed.
Mr. WALKER. This paper, as 1 understand,
belongs to the Government, having been bought
with the money of the Government.
Mr. SMI I'H. Not atall.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will yield the floor to
the Senator fiom Connecticut after i shall have
made one single remark, which is, that the six
thousand dollars that have been paid for the pa-
per were paid out of the ten thousand that were
appropriated at the last session. This is my un-
derstanding, lh' uj{h i may be wrong.
Mr. S.V11TH. The facts are ihese. The cen-
sus board was established by an act of the last
session, and authorized to do this work; that is to
say, to piocure the proper materials, and to do
tiie prinunSi and deliver the work when finished
to the Government. The paper all belongs to
Gideon & Co. The census board made a contract
wilh Gideon & Co. for the work to be delivered
when finished. In the mean lime, all the mate-
