1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 9 
ment of the Senate. But he must be permitted to
express his unqualified surprise at hearing the at-
tacks upon this institution again renewed. This
■was not the first time that he had heard it charac-
terized as on aristocratic institution. It was no
such thing. The Constitution of the United States
had imposed the charge upon Congress of making
all necessary provision for raising an army and a
navy to be ready for service when required. And
he would ask, when was it ever known in any civ-
ilized country in the world that officers of the
army capa$e of performing efficient service could
be found in the walks of private life ? It was also
said that favoritism prevailed, and that only those
were permitted to graduate who were the protegee
of persons in high stations in the Government.
But (said Mr. M.) every congressional district is
entitled to send a cadet to the academy. Where,
then, is your favoritism?
Sir, men in this country will not educate them-
selves for military service, unless they are destined
to be employed in that service, and to derive their
subsistence from it, and he who is no^ educated
for it is unfitted for the service. We live in an age
that is purely utilitarian, and no man will devote
a large portion of his time to the acquirement of a
kind of knowledge which he does not expect to
be able to turn to profitable account.
I had hoped, sir, that we would have heard no
more of this ridiculous talk about silk stocking and
white kid gentry, after the demonstrations that we
have had of the efficiency of these men—men who
have imbued their hands—yes and their white
gloves, if you please—in the blood of the enemy.
1 had supposed that the fault-finders would have
been silent for at least a year or two; that they
would have ceased from their attacks upon what is
really one of the most important objects within
the whole range of the multifarious interests of
thisscountry, whether it be an aristocratic institu-
tion or not. Sir, our noble and gallant volunteers
would never have been enabled to do half they did
if they had not had the benefit of the aid, advice,
and example of those who were educated in mili-
tary science.
If it can be shown that we can at all times dis-
pense with an army—if we can, by the grace of
God, settle all our national controversies without
resorting to the "ultima, raiio," then it will be
time enough to dispense with military education;
but so long as we are voting six or eight millions
of dollars annually for an army, for God's sake do
not act so ridiculous a part as to cut olf the means
of education from those who are destined to serve
the country in that branch of the public service,
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to, and
The committee thereupon rose and reported
progress in the Military Academy bill.
Mr BAYLY. I move the usual resolution
closing debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on this bill in five min-
utes after it snail again have been taken up.
And I beg leave to say to the House, that the
Senate has concurred m the joint resolution which
we have this day adopted, terminating the present
session in three weeks from this day; and from
my own familiarity with the business of the
House, I can btate that if so much time is taken
up in general debate as the House seems disposed
to allow, we cannot get through with the business
before us.
Mr. JONES. To correct the irregularity of the
proceedings, I move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of Union be discharged from
the consideration of the bill, with a view to us ref-
erence to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER.. The motion cannot be enter-
tained, pending the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] which is a privileged ques-
tion. And the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] can only be made upon a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I suggest to
the Speaker that the report of the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Bhould be amended, so as to include the bill which
had been laid aside to be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The action of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on that
bill, can he reported heieafter.
The question was then taken on tha resolution
of Mr. Bayly, and it was adopted.
So the House decided that all debate on the
Military Academy bill should cease in five minutes
after it should a^ain have been taken up in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Ou motion of Mr, BAYLY, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Bowlin, of Missouri,
in the Chair.)
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the proviso
inserted by the Senate, by striking out the words,
" and the Professors of Drawing and French,
$1,500 each per annum," so as to put these profes-
sors on a footing with the Professors of Engineer-
ing, Philosophy, Mathematics, Ethics, and Chem-
istry, by changing their salaries to $2,000 per an-
num.
Mr. GRINNELL. My amendment proposes ji
to put all the professors on the same footing. ji
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gentle- jj
man from Tennessee is first in order. i|
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 hope it will be voted ji
down. 11
The. question was then put on the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and it
was not Mgreed to.
Mr.GRINNELL. 1 hope that my amendment
will be reported.
The amendment was read again. !l
Mr. G.said he trusted the amendment would
be adopted. The gentleman who was at the head
of the department of drawing was highly accom-
plished m his art, and the compensation proposed
hy the bill was not an adequate remuneration for
his services.
Mr. GREEN (who from his position could not
be distinctly heard by the Reporter) was under-
stood to express his opposition to the amendment.
Mr. GRINNELL temarked in reply, that Gen- [
eral Totten, who had the charge of this depart-!
menf of the Academy, had, in his official commu- j
nication to the Secretary of War, recommended \
precisely what he had proposed in this amend-;
ment.
Mr. BAYLY said, he thought the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Grinnell] must be
under a misapprehension in regard to the recom-
mendation of General Totten. That officer had
certainly spoken of the importance of the Profes-
sorship of French and Drawing, but he did not
think they should receive the same amount of pay
as the oiher professors.
Mr. GREEN, again, in a few remarks not aud-
ible to the Reporter, opposed the amendment.
He preferred that the House should simply con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendment, tellers were demanded. They were
not ordered.
The question was then put, and the amendment
to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend |
the amendment by striking out $1,500 and insert-
ing $1,800 as the salary of the Professors of Draw-
ing and French.
The question was put, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the Senate, it was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise and
report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee thereupon rose and reported to
the House the bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriation for the pay and mileage of members
of Congress, and the Military Academy bill, with
the Senate amendments thereto.
The bill to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tion for pay and mileage of members of Congress
was then read a first and second time by its title.
And the question being on its engrossment.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. STRONG asked him to withdraw the
motion to enable him (Mr. S ) to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY waived the motion.
Mr. STRONG moved to amend the clause of
the bill providing for the per diem of the Delegates
from New Mexico and Utah, by inserting after
the words per diem the words iS of $5."
The SPEAKER. There are no amendments
pending to this bill. It was reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, U hus not been referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
House has nothing to do with amendments offered 1
there. The bill comes to the House simply as a
bill.
Mr. JONES. Did not the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,} by consent, withdraw the
bill from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
Mr. BAYLY. No. That was the Mexican
instalment bill.
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, desired to
know whether there was not some mode by
which separate votes might be taken on the spe-
cific items.
The SPEAKER explained, that it could only
be (fleeted by moving to amend the bill. If the
previous Question should be withdrawn, the House
would proceed to vote on such amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired whether, if the pre-
vious question was seconded, he could not call a
division on the items?
The SPEAKER. No—because the question
will then be on the engrossment of the bill. The
only way to attain the object would be to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, and
the House will then proceed to vote on amend-
ments.
Mr. STRONG withdrew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
strike out the amendment appropriating $50,000
for books, and also the appropriations for the
claimants to seats from Deeeret and New Mexico.
Mr. SWEETSER. Can I call for a division ?
The SPEAKER stated to Mr. Thompson, that
his motion was not in order. The gentleman
could not include in one motion two sections of
the hill, where there were intervening sections.
Mr. THOMPSON. They are all one section,
and it is so much of a single section of a bill that
I propose to strike out *
The SPEAKER. The Chair mustregard them
as two separate and, distinct propositions. There
can be no division in taking the question, but the
votes may be taken on the questions as submitted,
Mr. THOMPSON. Then I move to strike out
the appropriations for the Delegates from Deseret
and New Mexico.
Mr. WHITE. I call the previous question.
The question was taken and the vote stood—
ayes 86, noes not counted.
So there was a second, and the main question
(first on agreeing to the amendment of Mr,
Strong) was ordered to be taken.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked the
ye^s and nays; which were refused.
The question was taken, and by ayes 75, noes
53, the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment of Mr Thompson, of Mississippi, to
strike out the whole section.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Mr. Mc-
Mullen and Mr. Stevens of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported—
ayes 49, noes 86.
So the House refused to strike out the section.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays.
He withdrew the demand, stating that he should
renew it upon the passage of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
The question being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. BAYLY asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH inquired if they could have a sepa-
rate vote upon the appropriation for the books?
The SPEAKER leplied in the negative.
Mr. FITCH. Then I go against the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. MORRIS asked for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER said it would be read by gen-
eral consent.
Objection was made.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon the pas-
gage of the bill.
The question was taken, and the vote was yeas,
78, nays 77.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative. So the House refused to pass the biii.
