688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
rials, the paper, the work, the machinery, &c.,
belong to Gideon & Co. If these gentlemen
should happen to be the lowest bidders, they will
of course go on and complete the work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would like to see the act
under which this was done.
Mr. BRIGHT. Those Senators who are con-
versant with the legislation of last session on this
subject must be apprised that no authority existed
on the part of this board to make any contract
binding on the Government for the furnishing of
paper or blanks. I have a very distinct impres-
sion, too, that the law then passed was in conform-
ity to what was thus understood by the Senate.
The law reads as follows;
"That the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, and
the Postmaster General shall consutute and be a board, to
ho styleil the Census Board ; that it shall be the duty ot the
said board to prepare and cause to be printed such foirns
and schedules as may be neces-ary for the full enumeration
of the inhabitants of the Unitnd States ; and also proper
fonns and schedules for collecting, in >tatistical tables,
under proper lipids, such information as to imnes, agricul-
ture, commerce, manufactures, education, and other topics,
as will exhibit a full view of the putMuts, industry, educa-
tion, and resources of the countiy; it being provided that
tlie number of said inquiiics, exclusive or the enumeration,
shall not exceed one handled, and that the expense incur-
red in prcpaiing and punting said forms and schedules shall
not exceed ten thou.-aud dollar."
Now, it will be seen from the reading of this
act that the appropriation of ten thousand dollars
is not sufficient to meet the expenses which have
been incuned in the printing necessary to be done.
Ten thousand dollars was but a small moiety.
The object of this appropriation was to enable this
board to do as it had done, and that they might
address inquiries to different parts of the Union,
consult different imere.-ts, and ascertain what
would be the best plan on which to commence
their labors, and that they should prepare the
forms not in the whole, but such as they might
deem proper, and that these forms should be re-
poited to Congress when they met at this session,
and be adopted or not, as Congress might see fit.
I appiehend, sir, it was not contemplated at that
time that this board should adopt forms that should
operate upon us, and that we should be compelled
to adopt, or that they should go to work under
this law and enter upon contracts for the entire
printing necessary to be done; such a state of
things was not conj^nplated. It was merely in-
tended that they should prepare the forms, and
present them to us for our consideration, and that
we should alter or amend, as we did on yesterday,
if we thought necessary; and that, after such sciu-
tmy, Congiess wa.s to determine as to vvlmt in-
quiries shall be adopted under the appropriate
heads, and that a general law should be passed
for faking the census embracing fhe contract of
printing with it. This is what I understand to be
the law, and it is the only interpretation, I appre-
hend, that the law will bear. i
JVJr. PEARCE. I differ with the Senator from |
Indiana entirely. I recollect the whole course of j
legislation at the last session on this subject dis- j
tinctly. I beg leave to state that eatly in last :
session a bill was reported from the committee by j
the Senator from Massachusetts, but it was never :
taken up. There was an amendment or substitute >
for the bill proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, but neither the bill nor substitute was acted
upon. Theie was a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in the House of Represent-
atives, and that bill, too, the House would not
take up. In this state of affairs, Mr. Palfrey, a
member then, though not a member now, intro-
duced by general consent, the bill nearly in the form
in which it was passed. He made a short speech
upon that occasion, and the only speech that was
made, in that speech he decluied that the arrange-
ment of all these details was properly a matter of
executive duty, and could be much better attended
to by a board, organized as he proposed, of mem-
bers of the Executive Departments, than it could
be by Congress, and the recurrence uf this ques-
tion has led to much of the extended discussion
that has taken place upon this bili since it was
taken up. It was stated, £ believe, by him, and it
was an understood fact, that Congress never had
upon a prior occasion thought of carrying out
these details by legislation. These details have
always been referred by the law in general terms
to the Secretary of State, who made ail the arrange-
ments that it was thought necessary to make to
carry the work to completion, without reporting
to Congress. There is not a word in this law
about reporting these tables to Congress. On the
contrary, we have good reason for asserting that
the House of Representatives who reported, this
bill excluded any such supposition. I admit that
in regard to this point there is some little contra-
riety of opinion. The bill was opposed by some
gentlemen because of it, both in this Chamber and
the other House; nevertheless it turned over all
these details to the members of the Executive
Departments for their final adjustment. It is said
that the Senator from Massachusetts thought
otherwise; but I apprehend that he had not at
that stage of the session examined the subject
very minutely, and he did think that these forms
could be reported to the Senate, or he would
not have expressed that opinion, and he was
the only member who did so. It was an opin-
ion in which he was mistaken: and all we
have to do is to look at the bill, and it will be
plainly seen, I think, that it is made the duty of
this board to prepare and cause to be printed what-
ever forms and schedules may be necessary, said
forms and schedules to be submitted to Congress
for their approbation. The bill says expressly
that they are to prepare all such forms and sched-
ules as may be necessary for the full enumeration
of the inhabitants of the United States. Now, if
they prepare forms and schedules simply, they
will not be doing all that is necessary to be done
for the proper enumeration of the inhabitants of
the United States; and it is a great absurdity to
print forms and schedules which may or may not
be used in ascertaining the enumeration of the in-
habitants of the United. States. In addition to
that, I would state that the appropriation of ten
thousand dollars is insufficient tor the printing of
all the forms, though it is much more than suf-
ficient for the preparation of the forms to be sub-
mitted to Congress. As the bill was originally
drawn up in the House, it contained a provision
appropriating onehundied thousand dollars as a
sum sufficient to cover all the expense of paper
and printing; but in the Senate, for what reason I
do not know, the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars was stricken out, and ten thousand dollars
inserted. Now, this sum is vastly more than suf-
ficient to pay the expense of prepaung the forms
to be submitted to Congress. From the whole
history of the affair, 1 tnmk it can scarcely be
doubted that if they had given any other construc-
tion of the duty imposed upon them by this law
than they did, they would have been neglectful of
their duty. They would not have saved the time
which was the object of this bill to do. The gieat
object of this bill was to have the work done in
time, so as to have the census fairly taken. That
could not have been, if the forms were to be sub-
mitted to Congress for approval, and subjected to
the delay necessarily attendant thereupon. 1 think,
therefore, that these gentlemen, who made a short
report at the beginning of the session and another
one since, to be found m executive document No.
38, would not have discharged their duty under
the law if they had not done precisely what they
have. I think they have done right, and if it be
the pleasuie of the Senate to pass a law changing
the forms, they can do so, but! see no good to be
attained by it.
Mr. BRIGHT. What may have been the im-
pressions made upon the minds of Senators of
what was done m the other House, it is impossi-
ble for me to say, and what may have been the
import of the report I shall not attempt to state,
because I do not think it necessary. 1 insist upon
the position that it did not enter into the contem-
plation of Congress, m passing this law, to give ,
to the board the absurd power of forcing upon us i
a certain set of forms, whether we weie willing to
adopt them or not. A limitation was made in the
law confining the number of inquiries to one hun-
dred, for the purpose of giving Congiess the power ,j
to decide what questions should be proposed by ji
the deputy marshals, and what should be the i!
character of those inquiries. Many southern Sen- [|
ators have objected to the collection of any statis-
tical matter whatever. The appropriation of ten
thousand dollars was for the purpose of defiaying
the incidental expenses resulting irom preparing
the forms and agieemg upon the kind of inform-
ation proper to be obtained. Now, the most suc-
cessful reply to the argument of the Senator from
Maryland, with reference to the expense of print-
ing the blanks, is found in the fact that the bill for
printing the census documents in 1840 amounted
to oyer two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. PEARCE." I would remind the Senator
from Indiana that that amount includes not only
the expense of preparing forms and schedules to
be sent out to the marshals, but the whole printing
of all the documents after the returns were ob-
tained, the compendiums, &c. The printing of
the forms and schedules did not cost a tithe of that
sum.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am aware of that, Mr. Presi-
dent, but the effect of that bill will be to transfer
the entire printing that will result from taking the
census to whoever is entitled to it under this bill;
for it is clearly evident that whoever prints the
forms will subsequently, as a matter of course,
print the tables referred to by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE, (in his seat.) Not at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will look at the
law he will see that it is broad enough to cover
the whole of the printing connected with the ta-
king of the census. I ask the chairman of the
committee if he does not so understand it?
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the honorable
Senator what my understanding of it is.
There is ample provision in the bill that was
reported by the committee for the printing. What
the particular provision of the amendment is in re-
lation to the printing I am not informed. I have
not heard,it stated, nor have I run my eye over it.
I do not recollect the provision upon that point
that is contained in the bill that was offered by the
Senator from Georgia. This amendment of the
Senator from Indiana purports to be an amend-
ment to the bill of the Senator from Georgia, and
not to the original bill. I can state to the Senator,
if he desires it, what were the provisions in the
bill that was reported by the committee m relation
to the printing. There is a provision that the Sec-
retary of the interior, whose business it was to
take charge of this matter, should, under the pro-
visions of a law passed in 1846, let the work to
the lowest bidder. So far as regards the printing
of the blanks, for which paper has been already
provided at considerable expense, the bill proposes
that that printing be left in the hands of the census
board. All the rest of the printing, except these
tables, is thrown into the Department of ihe Inte-
rior, to be let out according to the provisions of
the act to which reference is there made, to the
lowest bidder. That embraces the great body of
the printing. The exception to this is the tables,
which aie left to be printed by the census board.
They have engaged, as has been stated by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, printing and
paper, as they supposed they weie authorized to
do under the act; and I will state further, that on
one or two former occasions there has been con-
siderable difficulty experienced in obtaining suita-
ble paper, and much delay has been thereby occa-
sioned. In order to obviate the occurrence of
such difficulty again, the census board have en-
gaged what they believe to be suitable and proper
paper—that is, paper of the proper size and of the
proper quality to print the blanks upon; and their
reason for engaging it is what is stated here;
though not expressly provided for in the bill, it is
understood that some preparatory arrangement of
that sort would facilitate the woik. They have,
therefore, engaged several thousand reams of pa-
per of a peculiar quality and size. It appears to
me, therefore, that we should leave this part of the
printing in the hands of the census board, and re-
serve the other to be regulated by the Department
of the Interior, that department being authon 7.(9
by law to let it out to the lowest bidder.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 adhere to the original propo-
sition, that whoever, under this bill as now framed,
prepares the tables about which we are speaking,
will have the printing of the whole of the docu-
ments; for the punting of the forms is nothing
more nor less than the punting of the subsequent
compilations to be contained in those forms which
are to be scattered through the different States of
this Union, i state, knowingly, that the printing
of the census, in 1840, of these forms and of the
subsequent compilations of them in the shape of
books, cost nearly three hundred thousand dollars.
But admitting that the Senator from Maryland is
correct in his statement that the printing proposed
to be done by the bill is confined to the forms to
