1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept; S,
The amendment having been agreed to, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the amendment
having been concurred in, the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill grants to the State of Missouri the right
of way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad from St. Louis to such point in
Cass county, on the western frontier of that State,
as may be designated by the Legislature, with the
right also to take necessary materials from the
public lands adjacent to the road; providing, how-
ever, that the right of way shall not exceed one
hundred feet on each side of the length thereof.
The bill also grants to the State of Missouri,
for the purpose of aiding in making the road,
every alternate section of land designated by even
numbers, for six sections in width on each side, and
doubles the minimum price of the sections which
remain to the United States. It also provides that
the road when made shall be a public highway,
for the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge upon the transporta-
tion of any property or troops of the United
States; and that tlie United States mail shall at all
times be transported thereupon, under the direc-
tion of the Post Office Department, at such price
as Congress may by law direct. The road is to
be completed within ten years, or the grant will
be revoked.
GRANT IN AID OP A RAILROAD IN INDIANA.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider Senate bill No. 290, being the bill
granting the right of way, and making a grant of
land to the State of Indiana, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from a point on the boundary
line between Indiana and Illinois, near its intersec-
tion with Lake Michigan, to the city of Indianap-
olis, and a branch to intersect the Southern Mich-
igan Railroad at or near a point where the same
enters the said State of Indiana.
This bill is similar in its provisions to that
which makes a grant of land for a like purpose to
the State of Missouri.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and no amendment being proposed, it was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
COASTING TRADE BRITISH N. AMERICA.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to consider Senate bill No.
308, being the bill to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to permit vessels from the British
Worth American provinces to lade and unlade at
such places in any collection district of the United
States as he may designate.
Mr. WALKER. 1 would ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if this bill proposes a relinquish-
ment of duties, or anything of that kind ?
. Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Nothing of the
kind. It merely relates to lading and unlading.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with the approbation of the President of the
United States, provided the latter shall be satisfied
that similar privileges are extended to vessels of
the United States in colonies hereinafter men-
tioned, under such regulations as he may prescribe
to protect the revenue from fraud, to permit vessels
laden with the products of Canada, New Bruns-
wick, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Prince
Edward's lsland,,or either of them, to lade or un-
lade at any port or place within any collection dis-
trict of the United States which he may designate;
and if any such vessel, entering a port or place so
designated, to lade or unlade, shall neglect or re-
fuse to comply with the regulations so prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, such vessel and
the owner or owners, and master thereof, shall be
subject to the same penalties_as if no, authority
under this act had been granted to lade or unlade
m such port Or place.
PORT OF ENTRY AT MILWAUKEE.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill " to establish a port of entry at Milwau-
kee, in the State of Wisconsin, and for other pur-,
This bill had ,been->reported from the Committee
on Commerce with an amendment as a substitute
for the entire bill; which was agreed to.
No further amendment being made, the bill was-
reported to the Senate, the amendment concurred
in, and the bill ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill provides that " all the territory, har-
bors, rivers, and waters on the eastern shore of
the State of Wisconsin, bordering on Lake Michi-
gan and Green Bay, including so mufch of the ter-
ritory, harbors, rivers, and waters of the State of
Wisconsin, heretofore embraced in the District of
Chicago, as are contained within the limits and
jurisdiction of the State of Wisconsin, shall be
constituted a collection district, to be called the dis-
trict of Milwaukee, and a port of entry for said
district is established at Milwaukee; and South-
port, Racine, Sheboygan, and Green Bay shall be
ports of delivery only. And that there shall be
appointed, in pursuance of la.v, a collector of the
customs for the aforesaid district, who shall reside
at the port of entry created by this act, together
with such other subordinate officers of the customs
as are provided for bylaw." The compensation
of the collector is fixed at two hundred and fifty
dollars per annum, " together with such commis-
sions and fees as are authorized by existing laws."
It also provides for the appointment of " deputy
collectors of the customs, to reside at the respective
ports of delivery constituted by this act."
BUREAU OF AGRICULTURE.
On the motion of Mr. STURGEON, the bill to
establish an Agricultural Bureau m the Department
of the Interior was made the special order for Fri-
day next at one o'clock.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
The bill to increase the pension of Isaac Watts
Griffith;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth L. Blackburn;
The bill for the relief of the administrator of
Major Frederick D. Mills, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Charles A. Kellett;
The bill for the relief Charlotte Lynch;
The bill granting the right of way, and making
a grant of land to the State of Alabama, m aid of
the construction of the Tennessee, Mississippi,
and Alabama railroad.
CALIFORNIA, TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, UTAH.
The Clerk of the House of Representatives, R.
M. Young, Esq., appealed below the bar, and
announced that the House of Representatives had
passed Senate bills entitled:
An act for the admission of the State of Cali-
fornia into the Union.
An act to establish a territorial government for
Utah.
He also said the House of Representatives has
passed Senate bill entitled "An act proposing to
the State of Texas the establishment of her north-
ern and western boundaries, the relinquishment
by the said State of all the territory claimed by
her exterior to said boundaries, and of all her
claims upon the United States," with an amend-
ment, in which I am directed to ask the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro (em., at a later period
of the day, laid before the Senate the bill "pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment of
her northern and western boundaries," which had
been agreed to by the House, with an amendment
establishing a territorial government for New
Mexico.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ate the propriety of dispensing with the reading of
the amendment of the House of Representatives.
Their amendment is, word for word, the New
Mexican territorial bill which passed the Senate
some days since, which they have added to the I
Texan boundary bill, without altering either. I
therefore move that the Senate concur m the
amendment of the House.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, if I am not la-
boring under a misapprehension, there is an
amendment of the House to that bill other than
that of which the Senator from Illinois speaks. I
would ask for the reading of that amendment of
the House. j
The PRESIDENT. There is an amendment
other than that mentioned by the Senator from Il-
linois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg pardon; I recollect the
other amendment.
The Secretary read the following amendment
of the House: •" i . ,
"Sec. 19. -Arid be if.furt.her enacted, That no citizen of the
TTnited States shall be deprived of his life, liberty, or piop>-
erty in said Territory, except by judgment of Ms peers or the
laws ol' the land."
Mr, CHASE. I move to amend that amend-
ment of the House by striking out the word
" citizen," and inserting the word " person;" and
by striking out the words, "except by judg-
ment of his peers and the laws of the land," and
insert" without due process of law." This will
conform it precisely to the language of the Consti-
tution.
Mr FOOTE. I hope there will be no debate ori
this question. We will vote down the amend-
ment.
Mr. CHASE. Nor do 1 wish to debate this
motion. It is nothing more than a proposition to
substitute the language of the Constitution for the
language of the House. If we are wiser than our
fathers, let it be voted down.
Mr. FOOTE. The amendment is wholly un-
necessary, any way. We all know that; and I
do not want any delay in this matter."
The PRESIDENT. The question will first be
taken on the first amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, to strike out " citizen," and insert " per-
son."
The amendment was rejected.
The question was next taken on the second
amendment of Mr. Chase, to strike out " without
judgment of his peers or. the laws of the land,"
and insert " without due process of law," and it
was rejected.
The question then recurred on concurring with
the amendment of the House.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. CHASE asked for the
yeas and nays on the question of concurrence.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, were as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien. Bright,
Cass, Clay, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Dougfas,
Downs, Fetch, Foole, Houston, Jones, King, Mani*uni,
Morton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Ru-k, Sebastian, Shields,
Smith, Sjjruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, and Wliit-
cmnli—31.
NAVS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase. Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dod^e of Wisconsin, Ewing, Hamhn, Seward,
Upham, and Winthrop—10.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The House had also amended the title of the
bill by adding to it, " and to establish a territo-
rial government for New Mexico."
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate con-
curred in this amendment of the House.
At a still later period .of the day, the three en-
rolled bills, embracing four important measures,
were received from the House, with the signature
of the Speaker, and were signed by the President
of the Senate.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOUSTON, pursuant to an intimation
given last week, made a personal explanation of
some matters charged against him by a member
of the House of Representatives, in a letter pub-
lished some time since, in the columns of the
Southern Press. In the course of his remarks he
read various extracts from documents on file in the
War Department, and from letters written by
General Jackson, to refute the accusations of the
writer of the letter. A report will appear in the
Appendix, and also of the subsequent remarks
made by Mr. Butler.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS, SINE DIE.
The following resolution was received from the
House of Representatives :
Resolved^ (the Senate concurring) That the President of
the Senate attd the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives adjourn their respective Houses sine die on Monday,
the 30th ot'September, instant, at 12 o'clock meridian."
On the motion Of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
the Senate proceeded to its consideration.
Mr: DAVIS. 1 move to amend the resolution
by striking out the word " thirtieth," and insert-
ing " twenty-third."
Mr: FOOTE. 'I" -h'ave; conversed with a great
many gentlemen-—business, members of this body
—and 1-belteve'the'general opinion is that if we
address oursefves in a proper manner to the dis-
charge of our-duties, we can get through them in
two weeks. I trust, that under this consideration;
the amendment may be adopted, for I am very
anxious to get home.
Mr. WALKER. As one representing a new-
State, which has had but little legislation in regard '
to it.-since it came into the -Union,-:! .imist say that
I prefer the resolution as it-came from the House
