692
Mr. WHITCOMB. To confine it to all other
printing except the forms and tables?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I believe that includes all
of the preparatory, printing.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is very much
mistaken. They have ordered three thousand
reams of paper, and have already printed one
thousand reams of forms and schedules. It has
been stated that this expense will be something
like $200,000, but it is impossible that it can at the
very most exceed $50,000. Their contract ia for
three thousand reams, with the right tg extend it
to five thousand; and the paper and printing cost
#10 a ream. The printing of the whole of the
compendiums may cost $250,000 or §300,000. If
the Senator will restrict his amendment to the
printing other than forms and schedules, I will
vote for it cheerfully.
Mr. MILLER, i ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken on Mr. Whitcomb's amendment,
it was adopted, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, Butler, Cans, Ciia^e, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa,
Dodjre of Wisconsin, Downs, Felcli, Foote, Hamlin, Hun-
ter, King, Mason, Norrin, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Turney,
W-ilKer, Whitcomb, and Yulee—2§.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Clarke, Clay,
Cooper, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Greene, Manguni,
Miller, Morton, Pearcc, Phelps, Sewaid, Smith, Spruanee,
Underwood, and Wales—19
Mr, WHITCOMB. To make the bill as re-
ported by the committee correspond with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Georgia
as first amended, I now offer the following amend-
ment to the original printed bill, so that the Sen-
ate may choose between the two on the final vote:
After the words " the contract" m the third line
of section 21, insert the words " with the lowest
bidder."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 wish to present a test
question to the Senate in reference to the compen-
sation of the marshals, and therefore I move to
strike out of the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia the ninth section providing that the com-
pensation of the marshals shall be so and so. My
object in making this motion is to bring the const-
deration of the Senate to the different modes of
compensation provided for the marshals, and to
get it to decide between the plan of tiie committee
and the plan of this amendment. I therefore shall
move, if the-motion I have made to strike out shall
be adopted, to insert in place of the matter stricken
out that which has been adopted by the committee
as the plan of compensating the marshals. A very
ahoit statement will furnish the reason for making
this motion. I haie taken a county twenty miles
square, and I have made an estimate according to
the plan of the bill offered by the Senator from
Georgia to show the amount oi' compensation
which will be given according to the steps or dif-
ferent grades of compensation provided for in the
bill; and the result of it is as follows: seventy-six
inhabitants to the square mile will give you thirty
thousand four hundred people, and will give you
a compensation of §603; seventy-four to tlie square
mile will give you a population of twenty-nine
thousand six hundred, and a compensation to the
marshal of $704. Tnus the individual who does
the least work gets $132 the most money. The
next step in this process is that a population of
fifty-one to the square mile will give a compensa-
tion of $306. If there are forty-nine to the square
mile, it will give a compensation of $588, and in
that case the one who does the least work gets
$282, or nearly more than double the money
the individual who dues the most work. The
next jump, so to express it, in this scale, is to
take a population of twenty-six to the square mile.
In that case the marshal will receive £,312, accord-
ing to the amendment of the Senator from Georgia;
while twenty-four to the square m:le gives a com-
pensation of $384, or £>72 less to the man who does
the most work than to tne man who does the least.
Take the last position of nine to the square mile.
In that case the marshal will receive ;j2b0 for a
population of three thousand six hundred, whereas
when the rate is twenty-six to the square mile, the
marshal gets $313 lor taking ten thousand four
hundred. Thus the man who does but one-third
of the work gets almost as much money as the
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
April 10,
man who takes a population of ten thousand four
hundred.
Mr. SEWARD. Will you swear to that cal-
culation? If so, I will vote with you.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir, it is a mere
mathematical one. This system of injustice and
inequality runs throughout the amendment, and
there is no remedy for it except to take a little
schoolmaster-arithmetic. Questions of science
have been repudiated here—everything of that
kind having been stricken out of the bill; but as
this is a mere question under Oldfield's School-
master's Arithmetic, 1 hope it will be adopted.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest that, upon the
motion of the Senator from New York yesterday,
in all the other parts of the bill where the words
"Secretary of the Interior" occur, they were
stricken out, and the words "Census Board" were
inserted. IJow, I want to inquire whether, to
make this congruous, the same change should not
be made heie m these sections?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state, that the amendment has been read
as it was amended in Committee of the Whole in
the original bill. Amendments have been made
to this ninth section, and the Secretary has read it
with the amendment.
Mr. HALE. If I understand it as read, the
ninth, thirteenth, and fourteenth sections of the
original bill are proposed to be inserted in the
place of the section which has been stricken out.
On the motion of the Senator from New York
yesterday, we struck out m the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia, the words " Secretary of
the Interior," and inserted the words "Census
Board." 1 think this is necessary in these sec-
tions, which it is proposed to insert, in order to
make the whole congruous.
Mr. BADGER. The Secretary has read it
without introducing the amendments.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend this amendment
in this way, and I believe it will be acceptable to
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am disposed to accept
it. I think it is right. We wish to make com-
pensation to the marshals; and m these provisions
for compensation reference has been made to the
Secretary of the Interior. The Senate has stricken
out the ninth section; and now the motion of the
Senator from New Hampshire is to modify this
reference to the Secretary of the Interior, so as to
substitute the census board ; that i's, so as to use
the words " Census Board" instead of " Secretary
of the Interior."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment is
modified, as suggested, auu the question is on the
amendment, as modified.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I understand the amendment
as read, it gives the same discretionary power to
the census board which was given to the Secretary
of the Interior; that is, to make an extra allowance
to assistant marshals, when in their judgment it is
proper. I will make a suggestion, which I think
will be very appropriate; and that is, that the dis-
cretionary power, as to this extra pay to assistant
marshals, be vested in the district judges m the
different States. That was tne law of 1840, and
there is a leason for that law, and that this power
be vested in the judges in pieference to this board.
Each district juoge is piesumeu to he better ac-
quainted with the geography of his own State,
and a better judge of theamountof travel requited,
than this board. I would therefore suggest that,
instead of this board havrtig this power, it shall be
vested in the district judges. 1 only suggest it,
as there may be some good reason for the plan
that has been chosen. ■
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is a matter of very
little concern. I would suggest to my fnerid from
Indiana that the discretion is with releience to the
marshal, not the assistant marshal. The compen-
sation of the several marshals in Florida, or the
territories, will be such as the Secretary of the
Interior may direct. It does not apply to the
assistants who take the census in the different dis-
tricts, but in those large lemtoues it was thought
theie might be some propriety in making some
extra allowance; and, therefore, that discretion
was given in that patticular case. The assistant
is a matter of so little concern, that it was hardly
thought necessary to say anything in regaid to
him.
Mr. BRIGHT. I must have misunderstood
the terms of the bill.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
further amendments, the question i3 on striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting the
substitute.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have an amendment to
offer before the question is taken. I move to strike
out all after the word "and," in the sixth line of
the seventeenth section, and insert the following:
"And lay the same before Congress at the next
session thereof." The purpose is this, that theie
should be no misapprehension in regard to that
portion of the printing; it is to be subject to the
future action of Congress. I suppose, by a fair
construction of this section, it would not give
power to this board. Still, as the word superin-
tendence is in the section, 1 wish to have the mat-
ter made perfectly clear. *
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. BRADBURY. As I am in favor of the
original bill, anil design to vote for it, I will move
the same amendment in section twentieth of the
original bill. I move to strike out the words " af-
ter use" and insert 
Mr. DAVIS. These words have been stricken
out already.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I will move to amend
that section by adding: "And lay the same before
Congress at the next session thereof."
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make one re-
mark to the Senate. I hope they will reject this
amendment, although amended in various parts.
If you adopt it as now amended, you will adopt it
without these changes which have been made in
the different schedules; because these changes
have not been carried into the amendment. I hope
it will be rejected, and that we shall take the bill
with the changes in the schedules, in some of
which there have been very valuable ones made.
Mr. KING. 1 believe the Senator is mistaken.
I think the amendments, asunderstood at the time,
have been made in the amendment of the Senator
from Georgia. So that the schedules are the same
in the bill as reported and the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is this difference he-f
tween the original bill and the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia. I moved to strike out of
the original bill the words " Secretary of the ln-
i terior," and the Senate refused to strike them out.
; In the amendment of the Senator from Georgia,
: the Senate did strike, out and insert the words
j " Census Board." That is the diH'eience.
i Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate will permit me, I
J will state that there is another difference. As the
! Senate arranged the original bill, they struck out
four of the tables reported by the committee upon
! my motion, and they left two tables, the agncul-
; tural and social tables. I think these tables are
| greatly superior, and they are now proposed for
j the consideration of the Senate. The four first
I tables of the census board we adopted yesterday,'
! leaving these two tables with a decided improve-
1 ment upon thos€*proposed now to be adopted; and
j if the Senate wish to come to a conclusion on this
, point, settled yesterday—that is, the motion of the
[ Senator from New York—although I suppose it
would be strictly out of order to move that with
| regard to the original bill, yet 1 hope, by the
I unanimous consent of the Senate, he will be per-
1 mitted to submit that motion with regard to the
I original bill, if he wishes to do so, and test the
i sense of the Senate on that question.
I Mr. DICKINSON. If there is no objection, I
I will make that motion.
I Mr. DAVIS. 1 hope there will be no objection,
j Mr. DICKINSON. I move, therefore, to in-
sert in the ongitial bill the words " Census Board"
in lieu of the words "Secretary of the Interior.5'
Mr. DAVIS. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to inquire what is the
precise question before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves to strike out the words " Secre-
tary of the Interior," wherever they occur in the
original bill, and insert in lieu thereof the words
