1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 10*,
Mr. HAMLIN. I voted against the amend-
ment proposed by the. Senator from Mississippi
only from a desire to fix a certain time now, fear-
ing that a vote disagreeing with the House of Rep-
resentatives would defeat the fixing of any perma-
nent time. This led me to vote against that
amendment. I shalljote against the motion to
postpone, because I feel that unless we fix the time
now, some one may in the course of a few days
propose a still lo"ger period. I hope, .therefore,
that the question will be taken now on the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EWING. Well, I will withdraw the
motion to postpone.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the resolution of the House of Representatives,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the Senate
go into Executive session. There are nominations
of Kentuckians which have been pending since the
commencement of the session, and I should like to
have them disposed of.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened.
PRIVATE B1I.L.
On the motion of Mr. CASS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill for relief of Hiram Moore,
and John Haskell.
Mr. WALES moved that the bill be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Patents.
After remarks by Messrs. CASS, WHIT-
COMB, DAWSON, and DAVIS of Massachu-
setts, pending the motion to recommit, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, September 10, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
LIVERPOOL MAILS.
Mr. BOKEE asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Rewired, That the Committee on tlifi Post Office and
Post itovU h« iil-tructed to inquire into the expediency of
bo amending the contiact toi earmn« the mails between this
country ami Great Britain, as to ri'q.iire each steamer em-
ployed in the service to slop at the port of Galway, in Ire-
land, gums to ami returning from Liverpool.
Objections were made-
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the unanimous
consent to 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, objected to any
business not in order, and catted for the regular
order of business.
PAY AND MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
this morning is the consideration of the report
made from the Committee of the Whole on ihe
state of the Union yesterday evening, being a bill
to supply a deficiency in the apnropnation for the
pay and mileage of members of Congress for the
present session.
The Chan- (continued the Speaker) has to an-
nounce to the House that the vote was improperly
Stated to the House, by mistake at the desk, and
the proceedings on the bill from that time necessa-
rily fall. The Chair now announces, upon the
passage of the bill—yeas 78, nays 76. So the bill
is passed.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. HIBBARD, and Mr. JOHNSON of Ar-
kansas, demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOWLER withdrew the motion.
The title of the bill was agreed to without amend-
ment.
GRANT OF LAND FOR A RAILROAD.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked and obtained
leave to take from the table, for the purpose of ref-
erence, the following Senate bill, which, on his
motion, was read twice and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, viz: " A bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Alabama, in aid of the construction of the
Tennessee, Mississippi,and Alabama railroad."
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The SPEAKER- The next business in order
13 upon concurring in the amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
the Military Academy appropriation bill.
The amendments were read, (as reported in yes-
terday's proceedings.)
Mr. BAYLY. Has the previous question been
ordered on the passage of the bill?
The SPFAKER. "It has not.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union were concurred in.
The SPEAKER announced, as the next business
in order,"the report from the committee of investi-
gation relative to certain claims allowed hy the
late Secretary of the Interior.
THE MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. BAYLY asked and obtained leave to report
a bill to provide for carrying into execution in fur-
ther part the 12th article of the treaty concluded at
Guadalupe Hidalgo; which was twice read and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
the regular order of business.
JUDGE IRWIN.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked and
obtained leave to report from 'the Committee on
the Judiciary, asking leave to be discharged from
the further consideration of a petition of James
Dnnlop and other members of the bar of the city
of Pittsburg, referred to them, calling for an inves-
tigation into the official conductof Judge Irwin, of
Pittsburg.
He remarked that the petition hatl been before
the committee for some time past, and there was
no evidence brought forward. |
The committee were discharged, and the petition i
was laid on the table. -
THE LATE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR.
The regular order of business, being the report
of the select committee, made by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] from the select
committee appointed to inquire whether Mr.
Ewing, late Secretary of the Interior, had not re-
opened and paid certain accounts, and whether he
had not improperly paid interest on others, &c.,
&c.—
Mr. VINTON (who was entitled to thefloorfor
twenty minutes, the remainder of his hour) re-
sumed the. floor, and concluded his remarks (which
will be found in the Appendix,) in opposition to
the report of the majority of the committee, and in
I vindication of the action of the late Secretary of
the Interior
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, addressed the
House in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, and
in vindication of the report. Mr. B. had not con-
cluded, when—
Mr. EWING interposed, and inquired of the
Speaker, whether the morning hour had expired.
! The SPEAKER said it had expired .
Mr. EWING moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he should
prefer to close his remarks now, unless it should
i be the judgment of the House to proceed to other
! business.
i The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, made a report on certain bills as cor-
rectly enrolled.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to
authorize the payment of invalid pensions in cer-
tain cases," v/as read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The Senate bill to establish a territorial govern-
ment for New Mexico coming up in order, was,
on the motion of Mr. HALL, ordered to lie on
the table.
NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA RAILROAD.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to
grant to the State of Alabama the right of way
and a donation of public land for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad from the point
at which the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad
crosses the Tennessee river to the town of Chat-
tanooga ," coming up on its first and second reading,
Mr. EWING said : I move to put the bill uporr
its passage. It gives the right of way to the
Nashville and Chattanooga railroad through.the
public lands in the State of Alabama, and donates
to the State alternate sections along the line of the
road, for the purpose of aiding in its construction.
There is no useful policy in referring the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands, for they have
had the general subject before them, andreported
measures of precisely the same character in regard
to other public improvements; and we had as well
now settle the general principle. The donation in
this case is a matter of small importance, for the
road only passes through the State of Alabama
for a short distance, and there are no public lands
in the States of Georgia and Tennessee. I am
not very anxious for the grant on account of this
small interest, and the right of way is the matter
of primary importance. But, sir, the principle is
of great importance, and if others are to be bene-
fited, we claim the same right, and shall insist on
the full benefit of the measure.
The power of donating the public lands to the
States within whose borders they are situated is
of too familiar application and too frequent prece-
dent now to be overthrown; and its application in
the cases before us are so proper and expedient as
to be amply justified in its exercise. It is a fact
beyond ail dispute, that the passage of a road
through the public domain contributes vastly to
the settlement of the land, and greatly enhances its
value. It therefore is an advantageous mode of
sale on the part of the Government, as is shown
by practical results; and it increases the wealth,
population, and general property of the State
where they are situated. The Government has
certainly the right to sell her lands in the most ad-
vantageous manner; and it is her duty, inciden-
tally, to advance, as far as possible, the welfare of
all her citizens.
The States of Tennessee, Georgia, South Caro-
lina, and Kentucky, are peculiarly interested in the
passage of this measure. Two of them have been
entirely shut out hitherto from any direct connec-
tion with the Atlantic seaboard, and millions of
their products have been wasted in their hands
for want of a sufficient market. Georgia and
South Carolina have been for years separated, by
an almost insurmountable barrier, from any com-
merce with their western sisters. The citizens of
these States have subscribed the money for the
construction of this improvement, and it is already
in progress. If we cannot pass through the lands
granted, we are stopped in midway of our career,
and will be compelled to alter the line of our road,
and may thus seriously jeopardize the fate of the
whole scheme. Immense interests may hang on
the fate of the measure, and I therefore hope it
will receive the favorable consideration of the
House.
Mr. VINTON said, that there were a great
number of bills which rested upon the same pitn-
ciple as this bill. All of them had been referred to
the Committee on Public Lands. He thought the
bill had better take the regular course, and go to
that commiitee. He. therefore, made the motion.
Mr. EWING said that if the bill should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Linds it would,
as a matter of course, be reported back to the
House by that committee, because it involved the
same principle as other bills which had been be-
fore them. The road was in process of construc-
tion, and it was very important that the bill should
be acted on immediately. In the present state of
the business of the session, delay might result in
the defeat of the bill. He hoped it would not be
referred.
Mr. VINTON was understood to say, that ifthe
bill was so amended as to strike out the grant of
land, and leave only the right of way, he would
not object to it. But if that principle was insisted
upon, he should adhere to his motion to refer the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EWINGr said that the Commiitee on Pub-
lic Lands had already passed upon the principle.
The SPEAKER inquired of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Ewing,] whether the bill made
an appropriation of .money ?
Mr. EWING said, it did not.
Mr, VINTON insisted on his motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Gen-
try and Mr. Vinton, as to the particular parties-
for whose benefit the grant would be made; Mr. .
