1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sepfc 10,
to a seat, if I entertained a doubt as to his quali-
fication or the leg <lity of his election, and I should
demand, as a member of this House, that his cre-
dentials should be submitted to the House, and a
vote taken upon the question of his admission, I
have an undoubted right to do sd; and if one fifth
of the members join me in asking for the yeas and
nays, they would necessarily be recorded. 1
would have a right to question whether the James
Thompson presenting himself for admission was
the Janes Thompson who had been elected by
the electors of Erie county, Pennsylvania.
The whole proceeding only shows that where a
preconcerted plan is formed to set aside those safe-
guards which the law provides for the preservation
of the purity of elections, the purpose may be ac-
complished.
Sir, I feel as great a reluctance as any gentleman
on this floor to stand in the way of the admission
of thess gentlemen. They have come here under
great disadvantages; and when the committee shall
have examined the matter, and made their report
to this H>use, I shall be exiremely glad if I find
that I shall be justified in voting for thetr admis-
sion.
1 move, sir, to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. WOODWARD rose, and being recognized
by the Speaker, was proceeding to address the
Chmr. lie was called to order, and
The SPEA ECER remarked, that no debate was
in order pending the motion to lay the appeal on
the table. Before putting the question, hosvever,
the Chair would read the provision of the Consti-
tution relating to this subject. It is as follows:
" E icii H >tiae shall be the julge of Hie elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members."
Tne gentleman from Pennsylvania has submit-
ted, as a point of order, that the members elect
from California, presenting their credentials under
the seal of the State, the Chair is bound to admit
them, and swear them in without a icference of
the question of admission to the House. The
Chair overrules the point of order, and holds that
the question of admission must be decided by the
House. Prom this decision the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has taken an appeal, and the gentle-
man from Lousiana moves to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. KAUFMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
but upon the remonstrance of gentlemen about
him, withdrew the demand.
Mr. CARTTER renewed it. The yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question was put on the motion to lay the
appeal on the table, and it was, without a division,
decided in the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. ROBINSON obtained the floor. He said
it was not his purpose to occupy much of the time
of the House in the discussion of this question;in
fact he would not attempt to discuss the constitu-
tional point which had been mooted by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.]
Mr. KAUFMAN". Wn! the gentleman give
way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr ROBINSON. 1 prefer to go on. 1 want
to get these gentlemen admitted before we ad-
journ.
Whatever, sir, may be the merits of the great
constitutional argument of the gentleman from
North Carolina, he is entitled at least to the credit
of having made the first discovery of the point in
that argument. This Government has been going
on for half a century, admitting new States upon
the very same principle, so far as the admission of
Representatives on this floor is concerned; upon
which these Representatives from California claim
to be admitted; and my purpose is only to call the
attention of gentlemen to this most extraordinary
fact, that aiter Congress has been engaged upon
this subject almost exclusively for aoout ten
months, and after an overwhelming majority of
both Houses have declared themselves in favor of
admitting the State of California into the Union,
yet the seats of her Representatives, now, as a last
resorf,are to be contested on this floor, and their
application for admission to be rejected.
If I understand the principal point made by the
gentleman from North Carolina, it is this: that no
man can claim to be the representative of a State
unless he has been elected in pursuance of a law
enacted by the Legislature of that State prescnb-
J0OP the time, place, and manner of holding the
eLecUops. Now, I have examined all the prece-
dents that I have been able to find since this ques-
tion arose, and so far as that examination has ex-
tended, 1 find that every one of the new States,
except Missouri and Texas, sent Representatives
here, and they were admitted to seats on this floor,
without any law having been previously passed by
the Legislaiure of such State designating the time,
place, and manner of holding the elections.
If any gentleman will take the trouble to exam-
ine the course of proceeding adopted by the new
States, he will find that the conventions which as-
sembled for the purpose of forming constitutions
for them have, before adjourning, as was the case
in the California convention, added a schedule to
the constitution, providing that at a certain period
thereafter the people should elect representatives
to Congress, and also their State officers. Never in
any instance except in the two that I have named,
so far as my information extends, has the Legisla-
ture been obliged to meet in order to designate the
time, place, and manner of holding the elections.
Here, sir, is the constitution of my own State,
which was formed at the tune of her admission
into the Union, in 1816. 1 will read the clause
which refers to this subject. It is as follows:
" Tbe president of this convention shall issue writs of
election, dnecied to the sheriff* ot the several counties, re-
quiring Un'in to cause an election to be he'd lor Governer,
Lieutenant Governor, Representative to the Congress of the
United Statte-, membersol the Geneial Assembly," &c.
Not a word, you perceive, about the Legislature
prescribing the time, place,and manner of holding
the elections, but, on the contrary, writs were di-
rected to be issued by the president of the con-
vention for the holding of the elections. No
Legislature was convened to pa3s any law on the
subject. The same course was pursued by Wis-
consin, by Iowa, and by Florida, a State of your
own sunny South. But there is another objection
taken to this, and it is, that m most of these cases
the constitution had been adopted before the
members of Congress were elected. Granted.
But here is a case before U3 to meet that objection.
Here is the constitution of Michigan; the sixth
section of one of the articles of that constitution
reads thus:
" The first election for Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
members of the Suite Legislature, and Representatives
in the Congress ot ihe United States, shall be held on the
first Monday in October next,and on the succeeding day."
And again, in section 9th we find the following:
" This constitution shall be submitted, at the election to
be held on tu<> first Monday in Oetobei next and on the suc-
ceeding day, for the ratification'or rejection to the electors
qualified by this constitution to vote at all election--," &c.
The constitution was to be submitted to the
electors for ratification* or rejection on the very
same day on which members of Congress were to
be elected. There was no convening of the Legis-
lature to prescribe the time, place, and manner of
holding the elections. And was the admission of
the members thus elected objected to? Not at all.
But there was, I suppose, at that time, in this
body, no astute constitutional lawyer distinguished
as the gentleman from North Carolina, to raise
such an objection.
Sir, the gentleman from Louisiana was pleased
to say, that by the admission of these Represent-
atives, we were about to override all constitutional
forms and statutory provisions. Will the gentle-
man not accord to those who occupy the other
end of this Capitol the possession of at least
some knowledge of what the constitutional re-
quirements are? Is he not aware, or has he for-
gotten, that this very day they have almost unani-
mously admitted the California Senators to their
seats; and that one of the few Senators who voted
against their admission was a Senator fiom his
own State?
Mr. MORSE (the floor being yielded) said that
when he spoke of overriding all constitutional
forms and statutory provisions, he was speaking
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
astute (as the gentleman seemed fond of the
word) cnairman of the Judiciary Committee, who
had held up to this House, as a principle of law,
that the consent of the Speaker of this House was
sufficient for the admission of a member who pre-
sented himself with prima facie evidence of having
been duly elected, i say (continued Mr. M.) that
the Speaker has no power to admit him at all. A
member must be admitted by the consent of the
House, either tacitly given or expiessed by a vote.
Mr. ROBINSON. I stand corrected, sir, by the
gentleman's explanation.
Mr. MORSE. I now want to see whether this
principle will be maintained.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, reiterated
his former assertion, that the Representative elect
having in his possession prima facie evidence of his
election was entitled to be sworn in, and the ques-
tion of the legality or illegality of the proceedings
under which the election was held was a question
to be subsequently determined.
Mr. MORSE (still retaining the floor bjr the
courtesy of the gentleman from Indiana,) said he
did not intend to make an argument, but the gen-
tleman had tauntingly referred to the fact that one
of the Senators from his State had voted for the
admission of the California Senators. He would
ask the gentleman if he could not perceive the
difference between the two cases? In the ca3e of
the Senators, they had been elected by the Legis-
lature under the provisions of the Constitution;
but these gentlemen, who were claiming tcf be
elected by the people, were not elected according
to the requirements of the Constitution.
Mr. ROBINSON. I understand the point which
the gentleman makes, and I understand also, that
the gentleman from North Carolina urges this as
one of his main objections to the admission of these
gentlemen, to wit: that California was not a State
until yesterday. That is a point that was decided
by the Senate a few hours ago. A motion was
made to refer the subject of the admission of the
Senators elected to the Judiciary-Committee, and
it received no countenance in that body. They
declared that she has been a State ever since the
adoption of her constitution. That was the decis-
ion of the Senate, sir, and I only mention it for the
purpose of showing how entirely opposite is the
view taken of this matter by Senators, and by the
gentlemen who oppose the admission of the Cali-
fornia Repiesentatives in this House.
But the gentleman from North Carolina puts
this question: If the constitution of California had
not been adopted, and Representatives had been
elected, would not such election have been null and
void ? If the constitution had never been adopted,
of course a constitution could not have been trans-
mitted here as the constitution of California, and
Representatives would not have been elected. But
the constitution was adopted. Well, sir, thesame
principle obtained upon the organization of Iowa,
Wisconsin, and all those other States that 1 have
named; the very constitutions they were about to
adopt prescribe the qualifications of voters for Rep-
resentatives and directed the holding of elections.
It is not my purpose, sir, as I said, to continue
this discussion at any great length, and I will now
move an amendment to the motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, so as to provide that
the Delegates from California be admitted and
sworn in, ieaving the question of the legality or il-
legality of their election to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Elections; and upon this motion I call
the previous question.
The amendment is as follows:
"And that the Speaker proceed to administer the oath
prescribed by law to Ed wart Gilbert and George W. Wright,
as members of this House, from the State of California."
Mr. TOOMBS requested the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, in
order to enable him to make a few remarks.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will withdraw it if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. TOOMBS replied that he would renew it.
He desired merely to say a word or two in refer-
ence to the remark# of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. RoBmsoN.] He had expressed a will-
ingness to allow the California members to be
sworn in, and then to refer the subject to the
Committee on Elections. After their credentials
were read, however, and after a reference to the
fundamental law of the Territory, he thought it
was perfectly apparent that they were not entitled
to be sworn and admitted.
The gentleman from Illinois, (pursued Mr. T.)
says that there are precedents; that there are in-
stances of the admission of members under simi-
lar circumstances; that members from New States
who have been irregularly elected, have hereto-
fore been admitted. So they may have been; and
members from the old States may in many cases
be irregularly elected; and yet, if no question is
raised, they occupy seats'as members of this
House, in the same mariner as if they had been
legally elected. 1 contend sir, that those prece-
dents are of no value, it is not a sufficient an-
