698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
so simple in its provisions and its character that a
child may understand it. He was sorry that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.Stevens]could
never sneak on any subject without throwing out
gome reflection against the South.
Mr. STEVENS (Mr. Stanly yielding for ex-
planation) said he had thrown out no reflection on
the South. He should have made the same ob-
servations if the bill had been for the benefit of the
'-North. But the North would not come here to
.ask for such a measure.
Mr. STANLY (resuming) said he had hereto-
fore voted in fuvor of the protection of our domes-
tic industry, and he would be gratified to do so
again. Whatever protection may be required to
place the iron-works in Pennsylvania on a prosper-
ous footing, he would be always ready to vote for,
in spite of the remarks which had been made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. This is a very
small matter. It is merely a bill for the extension
,of the time for the payment of duties. The con-
tract existing between this company and the Post
Office Department is to the amount of nearly
§100,000 a year. And this alone was ample se-
curity to the Government. On so simple a matter
he was surprised that such an opposition should
be raised.
Mr. CASEY was understood to put an inquiry,
whether the iron had been all imported, or there
was yet a quantity to be imported ?
D®r. STANLY was understood to say, that the
iron had been imported.
Mr. SACK.ETF asked if there would be any
incumbrance on the road which would diminish
the security held by the Government?
Mr. STANLY replied in the negative, and
moved the previous question.
The demand for the previous question~was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
now taken.
The yeas and nays were asked, and refused.
The House refused to refer the bill to the Com-
miteeof the Whole.
And the question recurred on agreeing: to the
amendment proposed by Mr, Venable, the ques-
tion was taken, and the amendment was agreed to.
The question then being on ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 79, nays 72, as follows:
YE\S—Mcs-ts. Alston, Anderson, Andrews, A^h*1, Bpn-
n<- , BowfJtui, Bowie, Brings, Altxit G Brown, Tlmnia.- B.
Jimlrr, E. C. C.iDMl, Joseph P. (J-ildwcll, t,\iin|,b<>ll, Clarke,
CoiMj !f, Dein'rrv, Dixon, Duer, Duiker, Ewirig, Goodwnoiv,
Gorm.m, Gotf, Haralson, Sam^-on W. lhirns, Haymow!,
Ililii.tr U >U'ard, Jo-rpfi VV. j ickMm, Jhijics L. Johnson,
W Johnson, Juii .ji, (£ nitman, Gror^ G. Kmg,
John A. Kins;. M.tife.son, MeKis-ock, Fim-* E. MeLfsm,
Mctiueen, iYleVVillie, jYfuachum, Mori-head, Nc;!j>oh, Ori,
Oli*>, Peek, Flielp-J, Potter, PiHtiam, Reed, Reynold-., Rob-
bm-., Robm-nii, itunr-'^Vj Schernierliorn, Schoolcr.ifr, Shep-
peril, Spauhiuig, Sumly, Fredenek P. Stanton, Rielmid If.
iS tan ton, A. II. Stephens, S\ve«:t-ei,Tayloi, Thom is, Jacob
'J'ljonijj-dii, I -hn B. Thomp-on, Thurinan, Toombs, Tuck,
UnderhlU, Venahle, Vinton, Watktns, Wrilborn, White,
William^, Wilson, and Winthrop—79.
NAYS—^Iessrs. AlbeiHmi, Alexander, Allen, Bay, Bavly,
Biuuhain, Booth, William J. Brown, Bnel, Chesi«*r Bniler,
Jo>eph Cable, Calvin, Carrier, Cav#>y, Cleveland, W. R. W.
Cobb, Coleoek, CroweN, Dickey, Diimmek, Doiy, Dunham,
F.'lmuixison, F"Wter, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gjdding-;,
Giim >re, {fall, H unilton, Hammond, Harlan, Isliam G. Har-
rn, Heniy, Hoagbind, Howe, Hubbard, Hige, Andrew John-
sou, Jnno^. Preston King, Lefflcr, Litilefifhl, Hoiace Maun,
Mason, McDonald, tioheri M. McLane, McMullen, Miller,
Moore, Moiris, Parker, Pea-lee, Pitman, Powell,
Iiicbard-sun, Uoekwell, Sava«e, Seddon, Spras>ue,Thad<ii'iis
bieven>, St >t#on, James Thompson, William Thompson,
V\ allien, Waldo, Wallace, Wentworth, Whittlesey, and
Wihnot—72. '
So the bill was ordered to a third reading at this
time.
And the bill having been read a third time, and
the question being: on the passage thereof,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays; which were refused.
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 81, noes not counted.
So the hill was passed.
Mr. ASE-IE moved a reconsideration of the vote,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Mr. C AllTTER asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN" moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY asked the gentleman to withdraw
the motion.
The SPEAKER said, if the motion should be
withdrawn, the regular order of business would
be the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. KAUFMAN withdrew the motion.
REPORTS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, commencing (where the call
was last arrested) with the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu*
ttonary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases; which were ordered to he on the
table and be printed, viz:
The petition of Mary B. Francisco, the widow
of Peter Francisco, for a pension;
The petition of Sianna Griffin, formerly Sianna
Kibby, for a pension in right of her late husband,
who was disabled in the United States frigate
Brandy wine, in the spring of 1826; and
The petition of J. W. Whitfoid and fifty-six
other citizens of Hickman county, Tennessee, ask-
ing for an increase of pension to Jordan Milam.
Orkmotion by Mr. W., the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the following cases; and
they were oidered to lie on the table, viz:
The petition of Mott Wilkinson, a soldier of
Indiana county, Pennsylvania, for an increase of
pension;
The petition of Anna L. Scott, for a pension;
The petition of Nehemiah Holden, of Brown
county, Ohio, for increase of pension;
The petition of Catharine Adair, widow of Gen-
eral John Adair, of the war of the Revolution, for
arrears of pension;
The petition of Hannah Weston, for a pension;
and
The petition of Jonathan Hutchins, of the
county of Randolph, Indiana, foi bounty land and
pension for services rendered by him during the
war of the Revolution.
Mr. WALDO also, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, to which had been re-
ferred the joint resolution of the Senate to grant
pensions to certain widows, from the 4th of
March, 1841, to the 4th of March, 1843, made an
adverse report thereon.
Mr. WALDO called for the reading of the re-
port; and it was read.
Mr. W. then said, that he supposed there might
be some gentlemen, not at this moment in their
seats, who might desire to be heard on this sub-
ject, although (.lie committee had instructed him to
move to hiy the report on the table. Perhaps the
fairer course would be that the report should be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, that it might not now take up
any of the time of the House. If any gentleman
desired that such a motion should be made he was
willing to submit it.
I am desired (continued Mr. W. after a mo-
ment's pause,) to make the motion. I therefore
move that the report be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
it be printed. Gentlemen can there discuss it if
they are so disposed.
The motion having been agreed to, the report
was refeired to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and ordered to be punted.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill granting a pen-
sion to Alice Markland, which was lead a first and ,
second time by us title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report accompa- !
nying, ordered to be printed. !
Also, from the same committee, to which had I
been refened the memorial of the administrator '
of Sarah Stokes, repoi ted a joint resolution for the i
relief of the administrator of Sarah Stokes, de- !
ceased; which was read a first time by its title. '
Mr* W. explained that an act had passed last !
Congress, on the 5th of August, 1848, allowing a :
pension m this case, which was a vety meritorious '
one; but that the widow died just seven days be- I
fore the day on which the pension was to com- i
mence, consequently the administrators could not !
lay claim to the money. This bill was intended !
to authorize the money to be paid to the adminis- I
trators. He hoped that the bill would be read i
thiuugh, with a view to its passage. !
There being no objection,
The bill was read a second time, and ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed was read the third time and passed.
Mr. SACKETT, fiom the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported the following bills,
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, referred to a committee of the
Whole House, and, with the reports accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of John Morrison;
A bill for the relief of Adam Garlock;
A bdl for the relief of Rebecca Freeman, the
widow of Pearson Freeman.
Mr. S. also., from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the petition of Joseph Merchant,
a revolutionary soldier, asking for an increase of
pension; and it was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
On motion by Mr. S., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of the executors of Carter Page, praying
for the commutation due to the deceased as a
captain in the army of the Revolution; and it was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. GORMAN, from the Committee on Revo-
luiionary Pensions, made an adverse report on the
petitions of Samuel Gilman, of John Jones, of
Kentucky; of Jeremiah Sullwell; of Uriah Wilson
and others; of the citizens of the State of Pennsyl-
vania; of the citizens of Wyoming and Livingston
counties, in the State of New York; praying the
passage of a law, placing those persons who served
in the Indian wars of 1795, on the same footing of
those who served in the revolutionary war; which
report was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. MATTESON, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Flanagan, which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report accom-
panying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. AVERETT, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Jonas
D. Piatt, which was read a first and second time
by its title, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEFFLER, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Peter
Frost, which was read a first and second time by-
its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. LEFFLER, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the legal represent-
atives of John Jackson, for a pension for the loss of
an arm in the action with Serapis; and it was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. GERRY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to permit him to make several reports
from the Committee on Naval Affairs. He said
that when that Committee was last called, he was
confined to his room by indisposition.
No objection was made; and
Mr. G., from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
reported the following bills, which were severally-
read a first and second time by their titles, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
reports accompanying, ordered to be printed, viz:
A bill for the relief of William Gove;
A hill for the relief of Benjamin Cressey;
A bill for the relief of Lot Davis;
A bill granting a pension to Asel Wilkinson;
A bill for the relief of James W. Wilkins.
Mr. G., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the memorial of Samuel T. Ander-
son, of Baltimore, Mary land, asking fora pension
to the 1st July, 1845; winch was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
On motion by iMr. G., the Committee on-Naval
Affairs was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of Ursula E. Cobb, the
widow of the late Charles Cobb, of the United
Stales navy, for a pension on account of the death
of her husband from disease contracted in the ser-
vice; and it was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WALDEN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills, which
were severally read a first and second time by their
tides, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
