700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Mr. A* moved that the resolution be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES. I propose immediate action on
that resolution, by moving that it be laid upon the
table.
After a brief conversation between Mr. CASEY
and the SPEAKER—
Mr, KAUFMAN said that if the matter was to
be laid upon ihe table he should insist on the read-
ing of the report. He thought the report should
be printed, so that gentlemen might have an oppor-
tunity of seeing it.
Mr. CASEY asked Mr. Jones to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. JONES said it was not necessary to the
reading of the report that his motion should be
withdrawn.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Kaufman.) Does the
gentleman from Texas call for the reading of the
report ?
Mr. KAUFMAN. Not until the question is
taken on the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on his
morion, which were refused.
The question was then taken. The motion to
lay the resolution on the table was rejected—
And the resolution was referred to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to establish
post roads in California, Oregon, Minnesota, and
New Mexico; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for
the relief of D. R. McNair; which was read twice
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and with the report accompanying ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution providing
for an adjustment of the accounts of John B. Col-
mesnil, President of the Ohioand Mississippi Mail
Line Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution in relation to the mail matter in-
tended for members of the two Houses of Con-
gress; winch was read by its title; when
Mr. S. asked that the resolution might be put
upon its passage.
The resolution was then read as follows:
IlesolveJ, That the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby direeied to eau^e all mail matter intended (or the
members and officers of the two Houses of Congress, to be
made tip in parcel-, sepai ate and apart from tile mail mat-
ter intended for the City Post Oflke, and delivered dnectly
at the Capitol, or to the postmaster of the two Houses, so as
to avoid ih^ delay in the reception of the mail by tne mem-
bur.*, which exists under the present ariaugeinent.*
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that the great
embarrassment which attended the mails of the
House, was in the mails which went from Wash-
ington. Letters and papers were laid over several
days, in his own case he could say four and five
days. He repealed, that the mads coming to the
House should be made up in separate packages.
He moved an amendment; which was read, as
follows:
"And, also, that the Postmasters of the two Houses be
directed to make up and dispatch from their respective
offices, all the matter which maybe deposited therein by
the member* and officers of either House."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If in order for
him to do so, he would accept the amendment.
The resolution had received the unanimous appro-
bation of the committee. The amendment did
not. It met. his own views, however. He thought
it just and proper that the whole matter should be
under the Postmaster of the House.
The SPEAKER said, that as the resolution was
a report from a committee, it was not in the power
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton]
to accept a modification.
Mr. JONES, stating his understanding of the
effect of the measure, said he could see no sort of
necessity for its adoption.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said the gentle-
man from Tennessee did not seem to understand
the post office system. If he did, he would see that
there would be no more difficulty in the proposi-
tion now made than there was in establishing a
single new post office in an obscure village. The
letters directed to members of Congress would not
have to be sent in separate parcels from all the
post offices, but would be put into the general
mails, and when they came to the distributing
offices—say at Richmond or Baltimore,they would
be put into separate bags and sent directly to the
Capitol—instead of first going to the city post
office—which \*ould be just as easy a matter as to
send the mail for Georgetown to the office there.
The process was simple and plain, and he did not
see how the gentleman could misunderstand it.
Mr. JONES said he thought he understood it.
But he took it that, according to the gentleman's
own statement, the proposition was tantamount to
establishing two additional post offices for the
members of Congress.
Mr. STANTON. I said one.
Mr. JONES said that the gentleman must fix an
office, then, in the Rotundo, between the Senate
and House of Representatives, where the mem-
bers of the two Houses could get their letters; for
this House would not be willing that the Senate
should receive their mails first, and distribute
them, and send over to them that part which
belonged to the House, nor would the Senate be
willing to wait for the same process to be gone
through in the House before receiving their mails.
But supposing, as the gentleman from Kentucky
had said, that the result would be, the creation of
only one new post office, how were they to get their
mails separated at the depot here, and brought
up to the Capitol, unless there should be a sepa-
rate mail bag made up for the Capitol, unless
a Congressional mail brig weie made up at the
different distributing post offices, or one which
should only be opened at the distributing post
offices, and the Congressional mails put into it,
and directed to the Capitol, for the members of
Congress? He entered further into details; to
illustrate the perplexities and the expenses which
the proposition would involve, and said it was but
an illustration of ihe practice under the Government,
from the President down to the lowest officer.
They came into office; they were not willing to
go on in the good old-fashioned, plain, practical
way of transacting business; but every officer must
have some new plan, must originate some system
that would mark the era when he filled that par-
ticular office. This was, perhaps, the project of
the Postmaster of this House to have the mails
all over the country, made up in separate bags
for the members of Congress, and sent to the
Capitol under a new system, that shall be estab-
lished, perhaps, by Mr. Johnson, the Postmaster
of the House, electioneering the members of Con-
gress, to get them to adopt jr, because members of
Congress cannot wait after the mails ariive m the
city, to have them sent up to the Capitol. He
thought it would be full as well for the members
to go to the city post office and get their mails
themselves. At any rate, if there was to be any
alteration of this character, let there be but one
post office established for the members of both
Houses, and one postmaster and one set of mes-
sengers,and of horses and carts employed, instead
of two separate establishments, as there now was
—involving double service, and double expense,
and all for no purpose which he could see, unless it
were to augment the contingent expenses of the
two Houses as much as possible. One postmaster,
and one set of messengers, and one set of horses
and carts, could do all the business, as well as
three or four. He hoped if the House could make
jio improvement in the matter, that they would let
it go on in the old way.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said if he was
not perfectly satisfied that this proposition was
right and proper, and would greatly subserve the
interests of the members of this House, and of
their constituents, he would be the last man to
propose it. He regarded this matter as one of
great importance, and so considering it, the poor
pitiful expense of a few dollars and cents would
not interfere with his action. He had not come
here—his constituents had not sent him here to
quibble and stickle about a pitiful sum of money,
when their interests and the interests of the public
at large were involved. He proceeded to refer to
the facts, that the mail reached this city at seven
o clock, p. m.—that instead of receiving it in
about half an hour afterward, as they ought to,
it did not reach the members of Congress, under
the present system of distribution, until about nine
o'clock, when it was too late (the mail of the next
morning closing at nine o'clock of the preceding
evening) to admit of their answering the letters of
their.constituents by the next morning's mail, but
their answers were obliged to lie over in this city
two days, waiting for the next mail (westward.)
It was to obviate this great inconvenience and injury
to members of Congress and their constituents,
that the proposition had been brought forward.
No inconvenince whatever could result from it.
And he thought when the gentleman from Tennes-
see became a little better advised of the operations
of the post office system, he would be convinced
that the proposition would result in disadvantage
to nobody. The whole plan was, that the distrib-
uting postmasters at Baltimore, Richmond, (fee.,
should place all the mails for members of Congress
in separate mad bags, which, when they arrived
at the depot in this city, should be taken by the
messengersof Congress directly to the Capitol,
and thence be immediately distributed. He was
satisfied that no inconvenience, or increase of ex-
penditure, would be occasioned by the change pro-
posed. The postmaster of the House, or of the
Senate—as the case might be, to whichever house
the Congressional mail was first sent—would im-
mediately send over to the postmaster of the other
House the mail belonging to that House, whence
it would be immediately distributed. He agreed
with thegentleman from Tennessee, that too many
persons were employed, and he would have no
objection whatever to abolishing the post office,
with its messengers, &c., of one House, leaving
but one post office for both Houses. Whatever
course might be taken in regard to this matter, he
hoped the proposition he had reported would be
adopted.
Pending the question,
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House ad-
journ, but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. BURT, who appealed to the House—hav-
ing been absent on account of indisposition, when
the committees were last called previous to to-day,
and having to-day been absent from the House, in
attendance upon the special committee, (engaged
in the investigation relative to the Galphin claim,)
—to allow him to make several reports, which had
been lying in his hands for sometime, from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection being made,
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, Sen-
! ate bill to increase the commissariat of the United
| States army; which was committed to the Com-
i mittee cf the Whole on the state of the Union, and
j ordered to be printed.
; On motion by Mr. B., the same committee was
discharged frorfi the further consideration of the
following cases; and they were oidered to lie on
the table, viz:
The petition of sundry citizens of the frontier
counties of the Des Moines river, m the State of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a military post
| at Lizzird Fork, on said river, for the protection
of said frontier against the incursions of the In-
dians.
The petition of Joseph Hollahan, Gen. George
Cad wallader, and four hundred and ninety citizens
and seamen of Pennsylvania, asking that the same
rewards may be granted to seamen serving in the
Gulf and Pacific, in the war with Mexico, as was
granted by Congress to persons serving in the
j army and marine corps in Mexico.
! The petition of Francis Schuman, praying for
j a pension and bounty land, on account of service
: and disease contracted by hardships and exposure
in the late war with Mexico;
The petition of James H. Rogers, of Texas,
praying- compensation for military service in 1836,
in the Florida war;
The petition of the heir3 of James Greer, de-
ceased, praying for compensation for use of an
invention for boring gun barrels, for which he held
a patent between 1817 and 1831;
The petition of Richard Pool for services as a
volunteer in the war of 1812.
Mr. B. also, from the same Committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of John Shaefer,
of the city of Dayton, Ohio, praying for ariears
of pay and bounty land as a soldier in ihe war
of 1812; which was ordered to lie on ihe table and
be printed.
