1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 11,
out and certified by the judge and inspectors.
CJnder these provisions of the law, it is almost im-
possible that there should be mistake, and cer-
tainly impossible that there should be fraud, un:
less all the officers of the election should be par-
ties to it. It was in accordance with these pro-
visions of the law, that the election in Penn dis-
trict. was conducted, and the returns are therefore
supported by the oath of the five officers who su-
perintended the election at each precinct. The
minority of the committee have attached import-
ance to the fact, that they have not sworn that
they did make true returns, but only that they
would; and they argue, that had the oath been
subsequent to the return, instead of antecedent,
the case would have been widely different. 1 am
unable to perceive the propriety of the distinction;
and I think the House will search in vain for any
principle upon which it rests. A false oath in
either case would equally subject the affiant to in-
dictment for perjury; and the sanction of the oath
is therefore in both cases the same. There is no
escape, therefore-, from the conclusion, that these
official returns are notonly " prima facie" correct,
but that they are supported by the oath of five
persons, who could not be mistaken.
Now, sir, what is the evidence adduced to de-
stroy the credit due to a return thus made, thus
certified, and thus supported? Let me call the
attention of the House to the East, the larger pre-
cinct. Why, sir, five persons appointed by a
partisan, a "Rough and Ready" meeting, at-
tempted to keep on the outside of the window a
list of those who voted on the day of the election.
During most of the day the list was kept by but
one of this committee at a time, while the others
were elsewhere engaged, and occasionally absent
from the polls. When the election closed, it ap-
peared that two hundred and sixty nine more per-
sons were recorded upon the official list, kept in
pursuance of law, by these sworn officers, than
were marked by this outside window committee
as having voted; and the contestant contends that
the official should yield to this irregular list, and
that this House should adopt, as the true result of
the election, the account which the window com-
mittee kept, and reject that kept by the sworn
officers of the law. How far this outside list^
should be permitted to impair the credit justly due
to the official return, depends of course upon the
opinion which the House may entertain of the
accuracy with which it was kept. I trust that I
shall be able to demonstrate from the evidence ad-
duced, not only that its correctness is entirely un-
supported, but that it is utterly and completely
destroyed by the allegations and the evidence ad-
duced by the contestant. It will not be possible
for me to do more than refer to the evidence.
Were there nothing in the case conflicting with the
list kept by the outside window committee, it
must be apparent that it would be deserving of
but the smallest confidence. Those who kept it
were mere partisans. They did not act under the
obligation of an oath; they were responsible to no
one; they had no other motive for accuracy than
fidelity to party, and even that was rendered in-
operative by the fact that their list passed from
one to another, and whatever of icsponaibility
they had, if any, was thus divided. But,sir, no
man can examine the evidence without being sat-
isfied that it was utterly impossible that their list
should be accurate and complete, no matter what
efforts they made to make it so. The crowd
which always surrounds the window at which the
votes are received in every densely populated dis-
trict; which did gather about the window at this
election, as is proved; the noise, the loud talking,
and the occasional rush, must distract the atten-
tion of any one within the crowd, and render it
impossible for him to obtain and mark the name
of each voter as he offered his ballot to the inspect-
ors. It was in the centre of this crowd, sur-
rounded by this confusion, where the gathering is
ever most dense, that a single member of this win-
dow committee stood, with a list of taxables in his
hand,.to make a record of the votes received, if
it could be supposed that it was in his power to
abstract himself from all that was passing around
him, he had still other difficulties to encounter. It
is not pretended that any member of the window
committee was personally acquainted with any con-
siderable portion of the voters in Perm district. He
could only obtain the name of the voter from hear-
ing it announced by the inspector to the clerks.
As the inspector is stationed at the window, and
the clerks in the back part of the room, that an-
nunciation could with difficulty be heard by the
person outside. It is also often the case that the
voting proceeds with great rapidity. When that
was the case, it may readily be conceived that Mr.
Smith, or Mr. Bohler, or whoever kept this out-
side list, could not find the names upon the assess-
ors' list to mark them as rapidly as the votes
were received. The assessors' list, it will be
seen upon examination, was not alphabetically ar-
ranged, and the effort to find the name to mark it,
necessarily withdrew the attention of him who
kept the list from the voting at the window. But,
sir, there were other difficulties in the way of the
accuracy of this outside list, which no efforts and
no care could overcome. Upon it, all those who
voted within the room could not be recorded, nor
is the number of such usually small. There the
officers always vote; there the aged and infirm
often vote, in order to escape from the crowd and
confusion which commonly exist on the outside
of the window; and there, too, it is common for
all those whose votes are challenged to deposit
their votes, after having proved themselves quali-
fied before the judge. How many such there were
in this case does not appear, but it is fair to pre-
sume that what is everywhere common existed
here. The window list upon its face bears evi-
dence of the fact, that what might have been ex-
pected actually occurred. Certainly but one, and
probably not even one, of the officers of the elec-
tion are marked upon it as having voted. Even
Simon M. Gaul, the assessor, to whom it may be
presumed particular attention would be directed,
and William Jacoby, a member of the window
committee, and one who assisted in keeping the
list, are among those whose names are not marked
as having voted, and yet it is proved by the con-
testant himself that all these persons did vote.
When such persons were overlooked, how can it
be urged that the outside list makes any approx-
imation to completeness?
Now, sir, if the case rested here, there ought to
be no doubt. No miin accustomed to weighingtesti-
mony could conclude that a list thus kept was suffi-
cient to overcome the presumptions m favor of the
official return. At bestit is but negative testimony,
and that the negative testimony of a single witness.
The accuracy of the list at any time of the day is
wholly dependent upon the testimony of that one
person who kept the list during that time, and
that only amounts to a declaration that he did not
observe others voting than those whose names he
marked. Arrayed against this outside ltst thus
kepi—against this mere negative evidence of a single
witness, is the official record fortified by the oath
of five persons, whose sole business it was to keep
that record; whose opportunities for keeping it
were such as to render mistake impossible, who
unitedly attest its accuracy at alt hours of the day,
and who could not have perpetrated a fraud unless
each one had been a party to it. Where is the
weight of the evidence ? Throw aside the consid-
eration that the official return is " prima facie"
correct, and who will aver that the outside list is
entitled to the credit which is due to that kept by
the officers of the election? And yet, sir, the
whole case of the contestant rests upon the as-
sumption that this outside window list is an accu-
rate and complete enumeration of those who voted
at that e'ection.
But the evidence does not stop here. Mr. Lit-
tell has submitted the testimony of George W.
Manson, and another list kept by him within
the room occupied by the officers of the election.
His testimony may be found on page 12 of the
printed evidence, and his list on page 143, of the
same document, marked R. W. G. That list is
confessedly incomplete, and I shall show hereafter
that the contestant has proved it so, and yet it proves
that the outside window list is utterly unreliable—
unworthy of the least confidence. Mr. Manson
marked upon his list the names of five hundred
and one persons as having voted—one hundred and
twenty-two more than were marked upon the
outside list kept by the window committee. Even
the minority of the committee are forced to admit
the probability of the omission of occasionally a
name, or a number of them, from the list of the
window committee; but what can they say to this
omission of one hundred and twenty-two names,
proved by the contestant to have been omitted—a
number equal to about one third of all which the
window committee marked as having voted ? Wil}
they say that the outside list is the true account,
and gravely ask this House to reject the official
return, and couut the votes as the Rough and
Ready committee noted them ? Sir, the claim is
absurd, if testimony is to be weighed in accord-
ance with the'common, the acknowledged rules,
the completeness of the outside list cannot be pre-
sumed, nor can it be regarded as satisfactory evi-
dence of anything, except that those peisons
voted whose names are marked upon it. Yet, str,
I repeat that this'list is the only evidencef*lhat the
two hundred and sixty nine persons did not vote?
who, as Mr. Littell asserts, were fraudulently re-
turned as having voted. 1 cannot but regard the
attempt to set it up against the official return a 
extraordinary presumption upon the credulity of
the House. '
But, sir, permit me, for a minute, to leave the
argument, to look at one phase of the ease pre-
sented by the contestant's evidence. Mr. Manson
noted five hundred and one persons aa having'
voted at the East precinct. The number officially
returned was six hundred and forty-eight. Now,
if it be assumed that Mr. Manson's list was com-
plete—that no others voted except those whose
names are marked upon his list, then one hundred
and forty-seven votes were illegally counted in the
East precinct. If to these be added the one hun-
dred and sixty-seven,.—all that are claimed by the
contestant as having been improperly counted ir<
the West precinct, the aggregate is three hundred
and fourteen If all these be assumed as having
been counted for Mr. Robbins and be rejected, he
has still a majority of ninety-six votes; for, as 1
have already stated, by the official return his ma-
jority was four hundred and ten. This would be
enough to dispose of the case. But I cannot ad-
mit that Mr. Manson's ljst is complete. He him-
self acknowledges that it is not, and there are
many reasons that lead irresistibly to the con-
elusion, that it is only accurate so-far as it goes.
He had other duties to perform besides keeping
that list. He was an inspector. As such, it was
his duty to receive the ballots; to announce file-
name of the voter to the clerks; and to distribute
the ballots, thirteen in number, in as many ballot
boxes. When the voting was rapid, this must
have been nearly all that he could do. He must
also have been occasionally absent between eight
in the morning and ten in the evening, and yet be-
tween these hours the polls were, by law, unin-
terruptedly open. His list bears intrinsically the-
marks of being incomplete. John J. Bohler, one
of the window committee, is not marked upon it
as having voted. But more than all this: The
outside window list, incomplete as it must be, and'
as it is proved to be, contains the names of sev-
enty-four persons marked as having voted, who
are not marked upon Mr. Manson's list, 1 have
carefully compared them, and I have here (show-
ing it) a list of the names of these persons, sev-
enty-four in number, who are marked upon the
outside list A and B as having voted, but who
are not marked upon Mr. Manson's list. And yet
if those seventy-four be added to Mr. Manson's
list the aggregate is only seventy-three less than
the official return, and this, it must be observed, is
proved by the contestant's own evidence. But I
return to the argument. J have said that the out-
side list, upon which the contestant's case rests, is
not only unworthy of confidence, but that its re-
sults are positively disproved. I proceed to sub-
stantiate the assertion. The lists A and B
(pages 23 and 41 of the prinied testimony; prove
that all of the electors recorded upon the official
list (C, page 60) voted, except the two hundred and
sixty-nine whose names the contestant has speci-
fied upon page 15 of the report, and 73 of the printed
testimony. These two hundred and sixty-nine
Mr. Littell alleges did not vote, and relies for the
support of his allegation upon the fact that they
ate not marked as having voted upon the outside
window list. 1 call now the attention of the
House to the extraordinary fact that Mr. Manson,
the contestant's witness, proves by his oath and
by his list, that one hundred and seventy persons
voted who, Mr. Littell asserts upon the faith of
the outside list, did not vote, and whose ballots
he claims should be deducted from the official re-
turns. On page fifteen of the report, and on page
seventy-three of the printed evidence, the contest-
ant avers that two hundred and sixty-nine per-
sons, whom he names, we're recorded upon the
