702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
be passed in time for the navigation and commerce
of the present year. It may still be done in time
for the fd(( trade, and enable us to get off the vast
surplus we have there to a foreign market.
" The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS. I present the memorial of A. P.
Brittiogham, asking compensation for a vessel
and cargo seized and condemned by the Mexican
authorities in the year 1835.
The circumstances of this case are rather pecu-
liar, and I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to them for a moment- These depredations were
committed prior to the year 1835, and before the
first treaty with Mexico for indemnity was made
in 1839. But as that treaty was considered by
this claimant highly unsatisfactory, and much
against his interest, and as there was a condition
in it that those who claimed under it waived all
further claim, whether their demands were allowed
or rejected, he protested against it. He sent his
protest to the Government, and had it submitted
to the commissioners; but it turned out after-
ward, as he ascertained, that on a power of at-
torney, which he had given to another person
before the treaty of 1839 was made, to settle the
affairs relating to this vessel and these losses, but
with no view i«i reference to the treaty of indemnity,
and without any knowledge, and on a false repre-
sentation that he was out of the United States,
while in fact he was in the United States, they
presented his claim to the commissioners, and they
acted upon it by making an award which was
cut down by the commis. ion to the sum of some
five hundred dollars. Thisclaim has been recently
submitted to the board of commissioners, under
the treaty of 1848 with Mexico. The commis-
sioners say that, inasmuch as the claim was pie-
eented to that board and acted upon, they have a
difficulty whether they could go into the claim
again under the present circumstances. It is
evident to my mind, that he being misrepresented,
and ihe power of attorney being given with no
view to the powers exercised under it, and long
before the treaty was made, the party was not
bound by the award. He refused to receive it.
Indeed, he did not even know that an award was
made umil wuhin a few weeks, on his coming
to Washington. But still the hoard of commis-
sioners have a difficulty on the subject, and he
now presents this memorial, and asks that Con-
gress may in some form express an opinion
whether it is not a case which the commissioners
ought to entertain and decide upon. 1 therefore
present the memorial, and ask that it may be re-
let red to the Committee on Foteign Relations.
The memorial wus so leftn.red.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Illinois, who has just now
presented a petition for the free navigation of the
St. L:\wrence, to a motion which I desire to sub-
mit—which is, that the petition or memorial should
be printed, and that an extra number of copies
maybe printed, if the Senate should think proper.
The memorial, as I understand it, prays that Con-
gress may adopt measures to secure the free nav-
igation of ihe river St. Lawrence; and one of the
grounds on which the prayer is founded, is the
alleged insufficiency of the New York canals to
transport the produce of the West to our own
great sea-port and commercial emporium. It is
of course, as the Senator from Illinois will see,
and as all the Senators will see, a question of deep
importance to the fiscal as well as to the commer-
cial interests of the State of New York, and there-
fore one that may require the attention of the gov-
ernment of that State. I desire now simply to
have the whole subject in such a situation that it
can be presented to them for their consideration.
In point offacr, it is well understood that our ca-
nals were begun in the year 1817, and completed
in the ye«r 1835; that since the year 1835 they
have been undergoing fhe process of enlargement;
that this process of enlargement was temporarily
suspended during the commercial pressure of 1837,
but that, since the canal was completed, there has
been a very great increase of facilities for trans-
portation by the opening of a branch canal from
Syracuse to Oswego, thus relieving a portion of
the rmial; and that the whole of the Erie canal is
under a process of enlargement, the completion of
which will not be long delayed. We believe that
when the canal shall be enlarged, as is proposed,
Oft a scale of seventy feet wide and seven feet deep,
it will furnish adequate facilities for the transport-
ation of all the produce of the West; and we*were
not aware that, even as it is, it failed to deliver all
the produce from the vicinity of the lakes, destined
to be delivered in the port of New York. We be-
lieve that, when enlarged, the vast increase of busi-
ness from the West, as well as from our own
State, will enable us to reduce the rate of toils
upon the canal, and the expense of freight, so as
to supersede the necessity of procuring any other
channel for that trade, at a sacrifice of any great
national interest. I ask, therefoie, the Senator's
consent to my motion-that the memorial may be
printed, and that some extra copies may be also
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I say to the
Senator from New York that there were some
papers sent in from the departmentsometimeago,
touching some important subject of this character—
something in relation to commerce. They were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed, but we have never seen them.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will relieve the whole sub-
ject, then, by making a motion which will accom-
plish my purpose. 1 will move that, instead of
being printed, it be read. If it be ordered to be
read, it will 1 understand go on the Journal and
be published in the daily reports of the proceedings.
Several Senators. Oh, no—no.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will renew my motion
that it be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not make the motion
to print, for Hie reason that I expect to present a
memorial of a much more extended character on
some subjects relating to this matter, and perhaps
drawn up with more care and ability. Jn many
respects, this memorial is well drawn, and 1 shall
be glad to have it printed, and will vote for the
motion of the Senator from New York with a great
deal of pleasure. I will merely remark, that I am
sorry that the Senator from New York should have
made an argument so early against giving us an
outlet for our western produce. We do not expect
to dimmish the trade of New York. We expect
the trade of the Northwest will be more than five
such canals c-in do, and therefore there should be
no jealousy shown toward opening an additional
channel, if it is not opened, the effect will be to
drive a great part of the trade-down the Illinois river
to some other outlet, if we cannot get it through
the St. Lawrence. 1 shall vote for the motion
to print.
Mr. SEWARD. I barely desired to state the
considerations why 1 wish this memorial to-be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question on
printing goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FOOl'E presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, asking a grant of land to
aid in the construction of the Mobile and Ohio
Railroad; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. UPH.AM presented the petition of John P.
Skinner arid the legal representatives of Isaac
Gieerie, asking to be released fjom a judgment
against them as sureties for the late pension agent,
'1 homas Emerson, of Vei mont; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, of citizens of Vermont, remonstrating
against the further extension of the patent for
Wood worth's planing machine; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON,
Ordered, That ihe petition of Richard S. Coxe, on the files
of the tieiiate, be reierr«'d to the Committee ou the Post
Officio and Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS FROM MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented resolu-
tions from the Legislature of Mississippi; which
were read by the Secretary, as follows:
Wiietea-, it i  represent* d to tin  legislature thut sundry
officers* dud ^ildirr-s of rue war of 1^12 an, noiv citizens of
thH commonwealth ; and wiiere.is, the State <>l Mi.-siSsippi
recognizes the validity oi their title to the "latitude o( pos,-
tcritv, and as one oi the Coniederacy to the success of
who.-x amis they contributed, <.iaio.s her proportionate
share of the national glor> acquired by the brilliant achieve-
ments in woicti the) participated ; and wheita>, also, it is ,
manifestly unju-t that th. ir valor and good conduct Miould
be Joryotteii and go umewaidtd m tne enthusiasm excited ,
by more lecent but not more mcittoriousf-ervjceoj there-
fore, , I
Be it resolced by the Legislature of Ike State of MissUeippi,
That our Senators in Congress be in^iruued, and our Rep-
resent -lives requested, to use tiieir influence m obtaining,
during the present session of the Congress of th« United
States, the passage of a law extending the provisions of the
act of 1848, granting land or script to the volunteer soldiers
of the late war with Mexico, to the officers and soldiers of
the war of 1812.
And be it further resolved, That inasmuch as this is a sub-
ject in which a majority if not all of the Mates are con-
cerned, the Governor oi this Siate be, and he is hereby, re-
quested to transmit a enpy of this memorial and resolutions
to the governors of all the States in the Union, and ihroush
them to the several legislatures, with the respectful recom-
mendation that they take such action in the premises as to
them may seem best.
And be it farther resolved, That copies of tnis memorial
and resolutions be sent to our Senators and Representatives
in Congress, with the n quest that they introduce the >anie
into their respective branches a« soon as may he practica-
ble, together with such bill « r bills as they may deem ne-
cessary to carry out the wishes of tlna Legislature.
JOHN J. McRAE,
Speaker of the House o/ Rc prest%ntafiies.
JOHN I. <;UIOjV,
Presulent of the Senate, pro tern.
Approved, March 9,1850.
John A Quitman.
RESOLUTIONS FROM MICHIGAN.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, it has seldom fallen
to my lot to perform a more acceptable duty than
that which now devolves upon me. I present to
the Senate the resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan, rescinding the instructions which re-
quired the Senators from that State to vote for the
application of the Wilmot proviso to the territories
of the United States. This is a peace-ofTering
upon the altar of our common country. As such
it was intended, and as such I trust it will be
received. In this broad land, extending from
ocean to ocean, there is no community, old or
young, whose attachment to the Union is stronger
or more enduring than that of the people of Michi-
gan. They stop to count neither its cost nor its
value—their political arithmetic contains no such
problems. They see, and fee', and know all it
has done for their fathers and for themselves, and
with the blessing of God they appreciate what
it may do for their children. W hat has it cost us?
Neitherour freedom, nor ourreligion, norourintel-
ligence, nor our happiness, nor one of the great
elements which constitute the pride, and power,
and prosperity of nations. "-And its value is writ-
ten upon every page of our progress, and ought to
be inscribed in living characters upon the heart of
every American. While there are some—few,
indeed, 1 trust—who are trying to calculate the
value of the Union, that Union is baffling all human
calculations by doing a mightier work than history
has recorded, or than it has ever entered into the
heart of man to conceive. There are members of
this body, and I am among them, who were born
while this great empire was yet claimed among the
colonial dependencies of England, Weaie contem-
poraries of its struggle f^r freedom; we arc wit-
nesses of the acknowledgment of its independence,
of the establishment of us confederated govern-
ment, of its progress from infancy to maturity,
from weakness to power, and of its wonderful ad-
vancement, intellectually and materially, in every-
thing that constitutes the prosperity of nations in
their individual and jn their aggregate capacities.
All this we nave seen, and in much of n we have
borne a part, sometimes, indeed, in difficult—I may
say in perilous, cncumstances, but always with an
abiding hope that these would be overruled in
metcy, as they have been by the kindness of Prov-
idence, and that our march would still be onward.
And (Inward it has been, till the name of American is
a name of honor throughout the world, and the flag
of our country, wherever it is borne, wa\ es proudly
! in the breeze, the ensign of a people neither suffer-
i ing injury with impunity, nor inHicmg it without
necessity. In what other country, ancient or mod-
ern, has it been given to the same men to witness
in youth the infant struggles of national freedom
against such fearful clispdrity, and in ajre to parti-
cipate in the public councils under circumstances
as proud and glorious as those which sunotuid us,
arid which tell us what the Union has done and is
doing, and, if left untouched, is destined yet to do.
Fur calculations we have convictions-, for experi-
ments experience; and I am sure there is not one
among us, on whom time has set his mark, who
does not regard this confederate Government, after
the religion of God, as the best hope of his de-
clining age, and the nchest legacy he can leave to
those to whom human nature clings with fond
affection on the vciy brink of the gtave.
I am proud, sir, of this testimonial of fidelity to
the integrity of the Union, given by the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, in the name of their constituents,
the people of that Stata. The sentiment itself is
