704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
new bill. I hope the committee will call for the
bill, and let me have the advantage of seeing it,
that I may know whether this is my bill or a sub-
stitute. All I complain of is, that bills have been
sent to the department, and have been suppressed,
and other bills come back here, and members hav-
ing discharged their duty at an early period in
the session cannot have the fact known.
Heie the conversation dropped.
MR. BELL'S RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. FOOTE. I would ask if the hour has not
arrived for the consideration of the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose that the special order
was my motion of the other day; if it be not, I am
certainly anxious to have the motion taken up and
acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that the first business in order will be the
- resolutions submitted by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. If it be not moved, the next business in
order will be the California message. If that be
not moved, the next business in otder will be the
resolutions of '.he Senator from Tennessee, and
the motion of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In iea;ard to the California
message, unless there is some Senator who is de-
sirous to speak upon it, it may as well be laid on
the table. The same question comes up on the
bill reported for the admission of the State.
Mr. UPHAM. I believe I had the floor on this
subject some ten or fifteen days ago; but I have
been confined to my room since then, and am not
able to-day to speak on the subject. I move that
it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other subjects
will be considered as having been passed over,
and the next business in order is the resolution of
the Senator from Tennessee, and the motion of
the Senator from Mississippi in reference thereto.
_ Mr. FOOTE. I move that subject be now con-
sidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. If there is a prospect of
there being a vote taken, I will not interfere with
this matter; but if we are to go on with the ordi-
nary general discussion, without beginning or end,
I shall ask that it be laid over, and that the Senate
take up the deficiency bill.
Mr, FOOTE. It is my desire, as I stated when
I moved the postponement of the further consider-
ation of the subject till to-day, that the vote should
be taken at this time. I suppose there is no gen-
tleman who desires to be heard on the subject. j
Mr. BENTON. I think it fair to make known
to the Senator from New York that I will take up I
a little tune on this subject. I said to the Senate, '
when this subject was up some days ago, that
during the sixty years in which we have been admit-
ting new States into the Union, there had been no
example of combining any other subject with the
question of the admission of a State, and that this
was the first example proposed to be set of such
an indignity to a State. As some gentlemen then
thought i was mistaken, I have taken the trouble to
verify the fact since. I have examined sixty years
of legislation on the subject, and the admission of
seventeen States, and I am now ready to go on and
verify what I said to the Senate the other day.
This will of course interfere with the Senator from
New York, and I desire to give him this notice that
he may know what I have to refer to.
^Mr. FOOTE. I will my ask friend from New
Yotk to bear with me, and allow this subject to be
considered now.
Several Senators. It is up for consideration
now.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator's motion is
not heard.
Mr. FOOTE. I make none; for I understand
the subject is now before the Senate for consider-
ation.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not wish to"run coun-
ter to the feelings of the Senate. I certainly
should be glad to get this motion of the Senator
from Mississippi out of the way as soon as possi-
ble, for, together with kindled motions, it has in-
terfered with the public business for a long: time,
and if the vote is to be taken, I certainly shall make
no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia on
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Baldwin.]
Mr. BENTON. Did the Senator from New
York hear what 1 uttered for his especial benefit,
that before this vote was taken I had sixty years
of legislation to examine?
- Mr. DICKINSON. 1 will ask the Senator from
Mississippi if it will not answer all his purposes
if this subject should be laid over until the defi-
ciency bill is disposed of?
Mr. FOOTE. By no means. I look upon this
as the most important question that can come be-
fore us, and I cannot consent to its postponement.
I will do anything else almost to accommodate my
friend from New York,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I dislike to interfere with the
questions pending, but I give notice that 1 shall
feel it my duty to move the California bill be taken
up whenever I can get the floor.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I gave, as one
of the reasons why the Senate should mix up
nothing with this bill for the admission of Cali-
fornia, the fact, that in the sixty years of legisla-
tion on the subject, and in the admission of seven-
teen States, there has been no example of mixing
up any other matter with the admission of a State,
but that every one has been admitted by itself, or,
at all events, in company with another, so that the
circumstances were equal. It was supposed that
there was some error in that statement of mine,
and I deem it a very material thing, as it is pro-
posed that we should now commence with doing
by a new State what is without precedent in the
annals of legislation, and which many feel to be a
deep indignity to that State, that 1 shall, by refer-
ence to the cases of admission of new States, show
that such a thing has never been done before.
The first of the States which was admitted was
Vermont. She was admitted by the act of the 1st
of February, J791, and nothing could be more
brief and simple than that act of admission. It is
entitled li An act for the admission of the State of
Vermont into the Union"—a title which, of itself,
excludes the idea of anything being mixed up with
it. It, says:
"The State of Vermont having petitioned the Congress
to be udnuitf (1 a member of Umj Umiu.t States, be it enacted
by the Senate nnd Hou~e of Rpprrst'titiUives of the United
States of America in Congress assembled, and it is hereby
enacted and declared, that on the fomth day ot March, one
thousand t-even Imudicd and ninety one, the &ai<« State, by
the name and st>le of {the Stale of "Veunont,' shall be re-
ceived am] admitted into this Union as a new ami ertite
nii-inberof the United Scares or' America," approved ISth
February, 1791 (L Stat at Large, p 191)
That is the acr, sir, for the admission of the first
State, and its simplicity and unity is worthy of all
praise.
The next was the act for the admission of Ken-
tucky, of the 4th of February, 1791. It consents
to the formation of the new State, and provides
that, "on the 1st day of June, P92,1' it " shall
' be received and admitted into this Union as a new
' and entire member of the United States of Amer-
' ica." The act embraces no other subject. (See
1 Stat, at Laige, page 189.)
Then comes Tennessee. She was admitted by
the act of June 1, 1776 The act is in the briefest
possible form, and contains no other subject what-
ever. (Sec 1 Stat, at Large, page 491.)
Then comes Ohio. The act was to authorize
the formation of a constitution and State govern-
ment, "and for the admission of such State into
theUnion." In this case, the acts authorizing the
people to form a constitution and providing for the
admission of the State into the Union, were one
and the same. The admission was to take effect
upon their complying with the requirements set
forth, and it was therefore a complete act, and
contained nothing but what related to the admis-
sion of the State. Afterward there was an act i
passed for the due execution of the laws of the j
United States within the State of Ohio, and that !
act declares the State to have become one of the
States of this Union. (See 2 Statutes at Large, ')
page 201.) Neither of these acts embrace any jj
subject but what relates to Ohio, and the making ;!
of the laws of the United States obligatory upon j!
Then comes Louisiana. -She was admitted on H
the 8th of April, 1812. That act includes nothing ''
that does not relate to that State. (See 2 Stat, i;
at Large, page 701.) It has been supposed that jl
it did, but on examination of it, it will be found jj
that it contains nothing but what relates to the li
admission of the State, and to perfect that ad-
mission by giving force to the laws of the United
States within the State. The first section is, that
Louisiana be admitted into the Union as an inde-
pendent State, and provides for heradmission. The
next section is to give effect to it, by allowing her
one Representative in the House of Representatives,
The next is, that the laws of the United States
shall be enforced there, and then judicial circuits
and some officers are provided for. There is noth-
ing in it but what provides for perfecting the ad-
mission, and what would have been contained in
an act by itself, if it had not been joined to the act
of admission. In this particular there is a little
diversity of action. On some occasions, the act
which admits a State provides for the extension of
the laws of the United States to the State, but in
a majority of cases it is all reserved and put in an
act by itself, and the admission stands alone.
Indiana was admitted by joint resolution of the
11th December, 1816. (See Stat. at Large, p. 399.)
The resolution is entirely clear of any other matter
than the mere admission.
Mississippi was admitted by joint resolution of
10th December, 1817, and it contains nothing be-
sides the simple admission. (3 Slat, at Large, p.
472.)
Illinois was admitted by the joint resolution of
3d December, 1818. It contains nothing but the
simple admission. (3 Stat, at Lnrge, p. 436.)
Alabama was admitted by joint resolution of
14th December, 1819. It contains nothing but the
admission. (3 Stat, at Large.)
Maine was admitted by the act of 3d March,
1820. It is a naked admission—nothing more.
(3 Slat, at Large, p. 544 )
Missouri was admitted by joint resolution of
March 2, 1821. It contains'nothing but admis-
sion, and a condition for the State to perform. (3
Stat, at Large, p. 645.)
This is the case in which the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] had supposed something else
was mixed up with the act of admission; but it is
clear he confounded the act which authorized the
meeting of the convention to form a State consti-
tution with the joint resolution for the admission
of the State itself. The joint resolution was pos-
terior to that time; it was passed the year after;
and for that joint resolution the State of Missouri,
and the whole Union, were indebted to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky himself. It is, that the State
should comply with certain conditions, and upon
a certified copy of the constitution being filed in
the Department of State, the President should by
proclamation declare the admission complete, and
the State to be in the Union; all of which was
done, and in fact occasioned very little delay, for
i the General Assembly of Missouri met very soon
' after the adjournment of Congress, and passed an
act of compliance, which was sent to the Presi-
dent, and he, by proclamation, declared the State
in the Union.
Michigan was admitted by the act of the 22d
January,1837, and it is a naked admission.
Iowa and Florida were admitted by the same act,
on the 3d March, 1845. The act contains nothing
that does not relate to those States. ! have the
acts here, and have looked over them, and that is
the only instance in which two States were coupled
together in the same bill at the time of their admis-
sion. They were put together, it is true, but they
were subjects of equal dignity, and there was noth-
; ing in the act which related to anything upon
j earth but themselves and the extension of the laws
■ of the United States. Here is the only exception
j up to that time, and that exception has been over-
i ruled before, as I will show. Before that time, I
j say, it was overruled, since it was before that Ar-
, kansas and Michigan were admitted. They were
j before this body at the same time. Their consti-
| tutions were referred to the several committees at
the same time, and they were reported upon in
separate bills. They were conducted through this
Chamber pari passu, but they were not put in the
same bill. It was held to be the right of each State
to have a separate consideration, and, that being
pressed, there was no junction at all—they passed
separately.
Arkansas was admitted by the act of the 26th of
January, 1837. It was a naked admission, (See
Stat, at Large, p. 144.)
Texas was admitted by joint resolution on the
1st of March, 1845, and Wisconsin was admitted
by the act of 3d March, 1847. The act for the
