PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1850.
New Series No. 45.
admission of Texas relates only to what concerns
the State, as does the act admitting Wisconsin.
Now, the admission of « new State into the
Union is a mere question of constitutional au-
thority. Congress has written authority for the
admission of States, and in some cases the duty
becomes obligatory upon Congress to admit a new
State. That is the case in every instance in which
the Government of the United States is under obli-
gation or compact to admit a new State when it
shall fulfill certain conditions. That is the case
with respect to California. By our treaty with
Mexico, new States are to be admitted from the
acquired territory as soon as it can be done con-
sistent with the principles of the Constitution.
That is the treaty, sir.
So we have our constitutional authority and a
treaty obligation upon us for acting on the subject.
California has fulfilled every requirement which is
necessary to entitle her to the rank of a State, and
has a population far beyond what has been re-
quired from any other new State; for while it is
certain that there was from one hundred to one
hundred and fifty thousand men there at the time
her constitution was formed, which would imply
what we call a census population of six or seven
hundred thousand souls, yet in all cases of admis-
sion heretofore ten or twelve thousand men, re-
sulting in a population of sixty or seventy thou-
sand souls, according to the census account, was
deemed sufficient.
California then has the constitution in her hands,
which gives the Senate of the United States undis-
puted constitutional authority to admit her. She
has the treaty with Mexico in her hands, which
makes it obligatory on the Congress of the United
States to admit her, when she presents herself
under the circumstances of that treaty. She has
done so. Here, then, is the case of a State—the
Constitution in one hand, and the treaty with
Mexico in the other, and sixty years of the uni-
form practice of the Government in such cases in
her favor. Constitution, treaty, and sixty years'
practice, with one single deviation, all in her favor?
And now, sir, it is proposed that she shall be made
an exception, and subjected to the indignity of
being mixed up with a subject of which she has
washed her hands—and washed them too, sir, for
the precise, deliberate purpose of preventing her
admission from being made dependent upon or
mixed up with any such subjects. Sir, this is
what she has done, and now to undertake to mix
her up with all these subjects—the subjects con-
nected with slavery in the United Slates—is, in
my opinion, wrong to her, and an indignity. Sir,
it is an indignity to her, and such an indignity as
goes to rebuke her, and to tell her that she has
done what she ought not to do, in undertaking to
clear herself of a subject which she knew was an
annoying and distracting one in the United States,
and with which she therefore wanted nothing to
do. Now, to mix her up with these subjects, after
she has, in the most solemn manner in her consti-
tution, cleared herself from them, and for the'ex-
press purpose of having free admission here, is a
great indignity to her.
Mr. DICKINSON. If this debate is to proceed
further now, I shall move to lay the subject on-the
table, for the purpose of taking up the appropria-
tion bill. If the vote is to be taken, however, I
will make no such motion.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the Senator will permit me
to 3ay a word or two. 1 pledge myself not to. oc-
cupy more than five minutes of time.
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, in reference to the
cases referred to by the Senator from Missouri, of
the admission of States heretofore, I can only re-
mark, that each of those cases depended upon a
particular state of circumstances existing at the
time of its admission. With regard to Missouri,
it was the only State in which there was that spe-
cies of agitation and division, prevailing in this
country which unfortunately exists now; and in
that case only, of the States admitted into the
Union, was acourse somewhat similar tothatnow
proposed adopted. And what was that course?
45
In the act which was passed by Congress for the
admission of Missouri into the Union—that is to
say, authorizing1 her to form a State constitution
and government for herself, and to come here for
admission—in that very act was inserted a clause
on the subject of slavery north and south of the
line of 36° 30'. What was done on her final ad-
mission? Upon her final admission, it was made
to depend on a condition relating to the African
population of the United States. Missouri had
inserted in her constitution a provision against the
admission within her limits of free negroes; and
that occasioned division and agitation in Congress.
Well, she was admitted, upon the condition that
she should, by a solemn and effective act of her
Legislature, declare that no portion of her consti-
tution should be so interpreted as to violate the
Constitution of the United States—in other words,
that if free negroes had the right by the Constitu-
tion of going to Missouri, that she should not ex-
clude them under the provisions of her constitu-
tion. Well, in order to exclude any legislation or
action by Congress on the subject afterward, the
President was authorized by proclamation to de-
clare the compliance of Missouri to the require-
ment made in the resolution of admission; and
upon her complying with that requirement, and the
President's proclaiming that fact, then, and only
then, was she admitted into the Union.
Now, sir, the Senator places himself behind pre-
cedents. I say, sir, that each case of the admis-
sion of a Stale was under peculiar circumstances,
and I shall not take up the time of the Senate to
go over the whole of them. But here is a great
subject agitating and distracting the country, and
it is proposed, in the spirit of compromise and
concession, to connect together two or three anal-
ogous subjects—perfectly analogous; and the Sen-
ator gets up, and intrenching himself behind va-
rious precedents, talks about the indignity to be
inflicted upon California. "Will the Senator tell
me how she is threatened with indignity? Sup-
pose she is admitted, and a territorial government
established, and all in one bill, California comes
forward through her representatives and is admit-
ted. And where is the indignity ? We have heard
it again and again announced, in the most em-
phatic terms, that indignity was to be rendered to
her, without any definition, without any explana-
tion, and without any showing how this indignity
is to arise.
Sir, I said I would not take up more than five
minutes of the time of the Senate, and I will re-
deem my pledge. The simple question is, whether
it is an indignity or not on California to connect
her in a great scheme of national compromise, the
object of which is the restoration of harmony,
peace, and concord to this people? If there is any
indignity inflicted on her in that, it is an indignity
in which the whole country shares with her, but
which I am utterly unable to comprehend, from
anything said, or which has taken place.
Mr. BENTON. "What, sir! California con-
cur in some scheme of pacification ! California,
standing outside of the Union, a stranger, to be
associated as regards the question of admission
with other topics, in a scheme of pacification in
which she is to concur! The Senator from Ken-
tucky puts it on the ground that she is not to be al-
lowed to come in here without having the question
of her admission associated with other questions,
with a view to pacification, and talks about Califor-
nia concurring in such a proposition! Compromise!
Talk of California concurring in such a proposition!
Sir, she is concurring in the sense in which a slave
bound to a stake concurs m relation to what is done
to him. That is the sense in which she concurs.
Sir, she has no voice in the matter. She is not con-
sulted—not allowed to come in. And is she to be
bound by a general scheme of which she is to be
a party, and yet to have no voice in it ? I have al-
ways understood, sir, that it takes two to make a
bargain, but it would seem that in this case it takes
thirty—thirty States—to make a bargain; and one
of the parties to be bound by that bargain—the
party to be the most bound by it, to®be the sub-
ject of the binding—is to have no voice in the mat-
ter. That party is only to receive the bonds, to
acquiesce—to concur in them, without the power of
a negative. That is the proposition. Sir, it is an
indication of what is intended. But it is to meat?
incomprehensible thing, that such a proposition
should be made. It will be inflicting a serious in-
jury upon California, as I have heretofore urged,
if you swell the bill up with doubtful questions,
some of which are denied in point of constitution-
ality—some of which are disputed on the ground
of expediency—all of which are brimfull of points
of difficulty. Jt is an injury to California, first to
be delayed, and next to be subjected to the contin-
gencies of agreement on all these points. That is
the injury.
Sir, it is an indignity to California to be mixed
up with things that do not belong to her admis-
sion as a State. If there was another State at this
moment ready to come into the Union, it would
not be an indignity to put such State into the same
bill. Still I say it would be wrong. The bill
should rest upon its own foundation. It should
have a separate consideration.. Each State has a
right, under the Constitution, to be admitted upon
her own merits, and each should have a sepa-
rate consideration. 1 will not again go over the
subjects with which it is proposed that California
shall be mixed up. God Almighty only knows
how many they will be, under the latitudinous,
boundless order given to this committee. 1 know
not, sir, how many subjects there are to take cog-
nizance of, but I intend to endeavor to ascertain
before they go to the committee. I, sir, according
to my reading of the Constitution, am of opinion
that there are very few points on which Congress
has jurisdiction in connection with the subject of
slavery—very few points; and those few arise out
of the construction of the Constitution. And of
those few, Mr. President, in which there is a clear
constitutional authority in Congress to interfere
with the subject of slavery, there are several which
this Congress and all former Congresses have re-
fused to touch—which I would myself refuse to
touch; and therefore I will not delegate to any
committee the power to touch them. 1 care not
what gentlemen may compose the committee.
There are subjects, it is true, which may be taken
up by the committee—ordinary subjects—in re-
gard to which it will be perfectly immaterial as to
how the committee is constituted—whether they
are taken from either side of the great dividing
line, or whether ta1<en from either of the two great
political parties. I believe that the result will be
the same in either case, and that there is no neces-
sity for drawing geographical lines, or party lines,
in anything that the committee has to do upon the
subject here. That is a point that I will notgo into
now, but I shall have occasion to do so heieafter.
I come back to the main point; and I say that
there are but few points upon which Congress has
the right to touch slavery at all, and of these few
there are several—there are four at least, ana I
have heretofore referred to them—which 1 would
not grant any committee the power to touch.
For the present, sir, the question is to exempt
California from the consideration of this com-
mittee. Now, sir, we have debated, thoroughly
debated, the subject, but it is very questionable in
my mind whether it is not a mere question of
order, which refers itself to the Chair—whether,
under an attempt of the committee to take cogni-
zance of the subject of California, a question of
order may not be made to ascertain whether or
not, under the words of this resolution, California
is referred, and that without any debate on the
subject. Sir, it would have to be shown that the
State government of California, her constitution,
is something that has grown out of the institution
of slavery in the United States, in order to give
the committee jurisdiction. 1 deny that it has
grown out of the institution of slavery in the Uni-
ted States, or anywhere else. It Iras no connec-
tion with it all; and to be forced into violent con-
junction with it,.or to be treated as having been
born of slavery, is a thing which I undertake to
say will be resisted to the last.
I wish  sir, to say to the honorable Senator from
