706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Kentucky, to whom we are all so much indebted
for the admission of Missouri, that the act which
he quotes is a bill, not forher admission as a State,
but a territorial bill. Missouri was a territory at
the time when the compromise act of 1820 was
passed. It was as a territory that that act was
made applicable to it. And what has since taker
place, has illustrated the truth and correctness of
the decision made by President Monroe's Cabinet
at the time, when one of these questions was sub-
mitted to their decision, whether Congress had
jurisdiction over slavery within the territories out-
side of the limits of the States, and to what the
word "forever" applied—whether it applied to the
territory while it continued a territory, or whether
it applied to the State after a State was formed.
Their opinion, as we are informed, was, that the
word "forever" applied only to the territory, and
had no application to a State at all; and that, sir,
has been the decision on the part of this identical
territory, as I remarked to the Senate some days
ago, thus left outside by the compromise act of1820,
when annexed to the State of Missouri. From
territorial soil, from which slavery was forever
excluded, it became State soil, and subject to State
authority, and slavery went into it insianter, and
has been there ever since. This full and practical
illustration of the principle I have affirmed, is the
decision of Mr. Monroe's Cabinet. Yes, sir; it
was the Territory- of Louisiana to which the act
applied which the Senator from Kentucky has
quoted, and which is called the compromise act.
But now comes the act of admission itself, and
for which, 1 again repeat, we were so much in-
debted to the Senator fiom Kentucky—that is, that
Missouri should be admitted into the Union upon
an equal footing with the original States in all re-
spects; and with respect to the fundamental con-
dition, it is contained in the fourth clause of the
twenty-sixth section of the third article of the
constitution, submitted on the part of said State to
Congress, to the following effect: It shall not be
construed to authorize the passing of any law, and
that no law shall be passed in conformity thereto,
by which any of the citizens of the other States
shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any of
the privileges and immunities to which such citi-
zens are entitled under the Constitution of the
United States; provided that the Legislature of
said State, by a solemn public act, shall declare
the assent of said State, and shall transmit to the
President of the United States, on or before the
fourth Monday of November next, an authenti-
cated copy of said act; whereupon, and without
further proceeding on the part of Congiess, the
admission of said State into the Union"shall be
considered as complete. That is the substance of
the provision of the act, sir. I was here at the
time—I was cotemporary with these proceedings,
and had occasion to admire the manner m which
superior minds could remove apparent obstacles.
It was, to he sure, like the case of Columbus
making the egg stand on its end. The admission
of the State of Missouri was resisted—great re-
sistance was macfr to her admission, which seemed
to divide the whole Union, and from which fear-
ful consequences were apprehended. At that
time the point of admission hung upon this, that
by the clause in the Missouri constitution, which
is here particularized, free negroes were prohibited
from corning into the State. "That was the clause.
The objection was, that it would interfere with the
Constitution of the United States, and be the cause
of difficulty between the States, because in many
of the States now, and perhaps in all of them
once, free negroes had the privileges of citizens.
Tfiaf was the objection. The answer lo that was,
that if there was a provision in the constitution of
MNsoum (hat would come into opposition to the
Constitution of the United States upon that point,
it would be null and void; and every authority in
the Sta'e—every judge in The State, every execu-
tive officer—was under oath to disiegard whatever
might be repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States. It was a clear case, sir, and so
represented and argued at the time; but it was not
satisfactoi y.
On motion^of the Senator from Kentucky, the
case was teferred to a committee, which commit-
tee brought in a declaration—it was nothing in the
world but a declaration—that gave to the General
Assembly of Missouri, and to all the authorities
of Missouri who have the execution of the laws j
in their hands, that they should not permit any j
constitutional provision of Missouri to interfere
with the Constitution of the United States, or, in
other words, that they would perform their duty
under the oath which they had taken to support
the Constitution of the United States; and if they
found anything in the State constitution repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States,
they would hold it to be imperative upon them to
maintain the latter, or, in other words, that they
would not violate the Constitution of the United
States—that is all. Now, this case of Missouri
is affirmed by the practice of sixty years'legisla-
tion in regard to the same subject. But I do not
rest upon precedent alone—that is a lawyer busi-
ness. It belongs to form. It belongs to a case-
hunting lawyer to search the files for precedents.
I do not go by precedent, except as it illustrates
the case in hand. I go by reason rather than pre-
cedent. I require these things to have a separate
consideration; and I refer to over sixty years of
legislation, not as a precedent to govern this body,
but as an example to show what has been deemed
proper by every Congress that has pieceded us.
That is whatl want.
Mr. DAYTON. I am opposed, Mr. President,
to the proposition, and though not intending to dis-
cuss it at all, yet as this proposition has had very
little discussion, as compared with the general
questions which have been discussed by the Sen-
ate and the country, I feel constrained to say a
few words. The distinct question now is, to refer
California, in connection with other matters, to
this committeexin the hope that they may unite
in some satisfactory adjustment for the conipto-
mise of all the pending questions in regard to
slavery. Now, Mr. President, I beg leave to ask
the Senate, and to submit it to the country,
whether, in this matter of referring California it is
not an actof indignity to her—whether you are not
doing an actof injustice to her ? I submit to the
members of this body now, whether there is the
slightest doubt that California will come into the
Union as a State, standing alone? Has it not
been said again and again on all sides of this
Chamber, and by the representatives of all shades
of political opinion, that California will come into
this Union; that she has a right to come here;
and that she will be admitted by a large majori-
ty ? Why then is it, I ask again, that she is to
be sent back to this committee of conference, ex-
cept for the purpose of using her with a view to
making more palatable some more objectionable
proposition ? You take the hazaid, by referring
California, ofdefeating her admission, in the hope
that you may bring something m along with her—
! she serving as a sugar-plum to sweeten the dose,
that you may swallow them all together. I ask
now, with very great rcspect to gentlemen of all
opinions in this Chamber, whether it is just to
California to place her in this peculiar position ?
She has a certain class of rights—not legal perhaps
—which we are bound to recognize; and when we
use her, not in matters connected with her own
advantage, but simply for the purpose of subserv-
ing the interests of party, I submit, with great
respect, that we commit an injustice upon her.
Cari any man doubt that this refeience of Califor-
nia to this committee, and bringing her back here
connected with bills for territorial governments and
the settlement of the Texan boundary, will tend
to hazard to some extent her admission, or if not
to hazard her admission, at least to decrease the
amount of votes which would be given for that
admission ? Is she not now, I submit, kept back
simply forthc purposeof sweetening the dose, and
making it more palatable to a majority of this
body? This, I submit very respectfully, is what
strikes me as obvious on the face of this matter.
If it is unjust to California, is it not equally unjust
to us, who desire to vote for the admission of
California, that you send her to your committee
of conference? They will take the question of
her admission into consideration, and connect it
1 with other matters, making the whole bill obnox- ■
! ious to us, as would be any bill of such a chaiac- ,
i ter, whereby we are compelled to vote against
! California. It is not only unjust toCahfornia, but ;
! unjust to the members of this body who are dis- '
: posed to vote for her admission standing alone. It j
is, I think, a false principle of legislation. Jt is |
wrong in itself. Here is one matter conceded to
be a clear question of right. The parties are here
making claim at our hands for admission, which
we refuse; and here are other matters more doubt-
ful in their character. Hence it is proposed to go
to log-rolling a little, and see if they may not all
be brought in together. I have no wish to occupy
the time of the Senate on this matter, but it seems
to me, with great respect to the opinions of others,
that the question of the admission of California
should be considered by itself. She has rights of
her own. If she is entitled to admission, let us
admit her; if she is not, let us keep herout; but
do not let us trammel California, by connecting
her with other subjects, so that we cannot vote for
her admission without doing her injustice. I am
opposed to such a course of proceeding.
Mr. KING. I do not intend, sir, to detain the
Senate with any protracted remarks, but merely to
appeal to gentlemen to let the vote be taken. Sir,
I suspect that the Senator from New Jersey would
not be so exceedingly desirous of admitting Cali-
fornia instantly, promptly, and without a mo-
ment's delay, had there not been a clause in her
constitution prohibiting slavery. I know very
well, sir, that when we tried here time and again
to give this very California a government that
would protect the rights of her citizens—that
would afford the means of punishing crime and
preserving order—that honorable Senator, with
others, resisted every effort that was made for that
purpose. Why, sir? Because there was not a
clause introduced prohibiting slavery. Those gen-
tlemen then had no such great desire to protect
that people, or to put them in a situation in which
they would be under the protection of the law,
unless they could get a provision which they knew
involved what is calculated to distract and divide
the country to the extent almost of the destruction
of the Government itself. And the consequence
was, that California, New Mexico, and all the ter-
ritories acquired from Mexico, had no government
and no laws, except such as were found existing
there at the time of the acquisition. In that state
of things, California set about forming a constitu-
tion for herself—whether stimulated to it or not is
not for me to say—she set about establishing a
State government for herself, from the necessity of
the case, with the view of securing the public
peace and tranquillity. In her anxiety to do some-
thing to protect herself, and to preserve peace in
that country, to which emigration is so rapidly
flowing, she thought proper to form a constitution.
Well, sir, the constitution formed m that way—
in that irregular way, as even the Senator from
Missouri is bound to admit—is presented to the
Congress of the United States, in order that Cali-
fornia may be received into the Union. And we
are told, that in making an effort to protect our-
selves and our property, to protect the lightsof
the citizens of the United States, we are doing a
great injustice to California. Now, sir, I was
here when Missouri was admitted. I know very
well that it was considered not a party measure,
but as a very favorable indication that Congress
gave of a willingness to bring her in without de-
lay, by requiring her assent to a particular pro-
vision that was introduced by the Senator from
Kentucky; but her Senators did not take their
seats until after this assent was given.
But we are told that California is a State. Well,
if she is a State, what are we debating about? If
she enmes here with all the rights of a State, there
is no further question about the matter. No, sir;
she is but a territory; and a territory she must re-
main until we by our action bring her into the Con-
federacy of States. California, in forming her con-
stitution, has done—what? Has she complied
with the requisitions of the Constitution of the
United States, which have always heretofore
been considered necessary to entitle a new State
to come into the Union? Will gentlemen tell
me that they are prepared to relinquish all
the territory of California} Will they tell me
that they are prepaicd to give up the whole of
the public domain ; And where is the guaran-
tee that it is not surrendered the moment you ad-
mit California into the Union ? Heretofore such
guaiantees have always been introduced into the
compact that we have formed with a new State
when seeking for admission. Instructions have
been always given to the territory, that when she
held a convention for the purpose of forming a
constitution, thesfe stipulations should be intro-
duced: that all navigable streams should he open
forever to the citizens of the United States, and
that the State should not impose tolls. Another
was, that the territory of the State should be given
