1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
eminently Federal, and one in which Democrats
could not be concerned.
Now, sir, my political fate is connected with
that of the Democratic party; and when the gen-
tleman comes here to denounce as anti-democratic
a principle which I mean#to sustain, I desire to be
heard about it: and I shall go back for my doctrines
to the fathers of the Democratic party, and not to
my friend from Mississippi, for whose opinions 1
have a great respect, but not so much as I have
for theirs. Now it so happens that the principles
avowed in that part of the report of the minority,
which the gentleman considers .so anti-republican,
at one time underwent a great deal of discussion
in this country.
A resolution was introduced into the Senate, in
1834, condemnatory of the President, in conse-
quence of the removal of the deposits. General
Jackson sent to that body a protest against the res-
olution, which rested in part upon the precise
principles contained in the report of the minority,
which has been so vehemently denounced by the
gentleman from Illinois, and the gentleman from
Mississippi. In that protest, which I have before
me, and a portion of which I shall read, General
Jackson took the precise ground taken by the mi-
nority of the committee. He maintained that the
three great departments of the Government—the
legislative, executive, and judicial, were each in-
dependent of the others in their respective spheres
of action; and that when either deviates from that
* sphere, it is not responsible to the others, further
1 than it is expressly made so in the Constitution.
* In every other respect, each of them is the coequal
* of the other two, and all are the servants of the
* American people, without power or right to control
' or censure each other in the service of their common
s superior, save only in the manner, and to the de-
cree which the superior has prescribed." It is
true he admitted, " subject only to the restraints of
' truth and justice, the free people of the United
* States have the undoubted right, as individuals
* or collectively, orally or in writing, at such times
* and in such language'awl form as they may think
* proper, to discuss his (the President's) official con-
« duct, and to express and promulgate their opin-
' ions concerning it. Indirectly also, his conduct
* may come under review in either branch of the
' legislature, or in the Senate when acting in its
* executive capacity, and so far as the executive or
'legislative proceedings of these bodies may re-
c quire it, it may be examined by them." But he
continued: "These are believed to be the proper
« and only modes in which the President is to be
i held accountable for his official conduct." "Tested
* by these principles,'' he added, " the resolution
i of the Senate is wholly unauthorized by the Con-
< stitution, and in derogation of its entire spirit. It
' assumes that a single branch of the legislative de-
1 partment may, for the purpose of a public censure
' and without any view to legislation or impeach-
' ment, take up, consider, and decide upon the of-
{ ficial acts of the executive. But in no part of the
' Constitution is the President subject to any such
< responsibility; and in no part of that instrument
' is any such power conferred on either branch of
1 the Legislature
it Will hardly be said that although the Presi-
dent may be, the head of a department is not en-
titled to the immunity here claimed by General
Jackson. It is certain General Jackson drew no
such distinction. Further on he said: " It is only
< in the exercise of its judicial powers, when sitting
* as a court for the trial of impeachments, that the
1 Senate is expressly authorized and necessarily re-
' quired to consider and decide upon the conduct of
4 the President, or any other public officer." The
same reasoning would equally apply to the House
of Representatives; and if General Jackson had
been protesting against a resolution of the House
of Representatives, he doubtless would havesaid—
he certainly with as much truth could have said:
" It is only in the exercise of its powers as the
grand inquest of the Nation, when sitting as a
grand jury to prefer articles of impeachment, that
the House of Representatives is expressly author-
ized and necessarily required to consider and de-
cide upon the conduct of the President, or any other :
public officerexcept in the cases already referred j
to by him.
Upon these doctrines Gen. Jackson went before !
the country, and he was sustained tn them by his j
party, and, among them, by the gentlemen who i
now so bitterly denounce them and all those who j
assert them. It is true, Gen. Jackson's protest
was much condemned by many of the best re-
publicans in the land: but it was not so much on
account of the principles I have been referring to,
as other positions taken in it. For instance, the
claim for the Executive of the right to the custody
of the public money, and the denial of the power
of Congress to i( take out of the hands of the ex-
' ecutive departments the custody of the public
« property or money, without an assumption of
* executive power and the subversion of the first
1 principles of the Constitution."
But I am not going into that matter now. I
have not referred to Gen. Jackson's protest to ap-
prove it. I do not subscribe to the full extent to
the principles contained in the part I have quotgd.
I think there may be occasions when either House
of Congress may with propriety discuss and con-
demn the conduct of public officers, without intend-
ing to prefer articles of impeachment or to insti-
tute proceedings with a view to legislation. There
might very well be occasions on which the con-
duct of public officers might be such as to author-
ize either house of Congress, as the guardians of
the public, to expose it, although there might not
be such evidence of a criminal intent as to justify
an impeachment, and the case might not be one
which could be reached by legislation. But this
is not such an occasion. There is no charge of
corruption here. An impeachment is not contem-
plated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state very candid-
ly and very frankly, that in my impressions of
this matter, I am satisfied that the corruption in the
ease of Mr. Ewing was such that I should have
asked this House to present articles of impeach-
ment against him.
Mr. BAYLY. Why not present them now.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Because he is out of
office.
Mr. BAYLY. If he has escaped you, why pursue
the matter further? If you cannot impeach him
now, there is an end of the case as far as that is
concerned. I think, I repeat, there are cases where
this House may properly investigate the conduct
of public officers, to show that there has been gross
incompetence, or flagrant misbehavior, for the
purpose of guarding the public interests, even if
it were not a case for an impeachment or requi-
ring legislation. But so far as this particular case
is concerned—I speak of the Barron case—I say
there is no pretext that there .has been anything
but an error of judgment.
Mr. BROWN, (the floor being yielded) said,
this claim was allowed, as it was believed, with-
out any law to sanction it; and there were a great
many other cases in which similar claims would
have to be allowed, unless this thing were ar-
rested. The object of the committee was to ar-
rest the allowance of the other claims, which
would otherwise be allowed also without law.
Whether this should be done by that House, the
committee did not pretend to decide; they merely
reported the facts, and left the House to decide
for it upon those facts.
Mr. BAY^Y. I am, for the first time, obliged
by the interruption. I was just about to attempt
to show, by circumstances, that the object of the
committee was what it is now avowed to be by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown*.] I
am glad I now have certainty in place of strong
probability, to base my argument upon. The gen-
tleman says the object of the report is to arrest
the allowance of these claims. It is, in effect, to
call upon this House to act as an appellate tribunal
upon the decisions of the Secretary of the Interior;
and that is precisely the thing that I deny the right
of this House to do.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the gentleman, as a mem-
ber of this House, to say whether, if a Secretary
of one of the departments pays out money without
the sanction of law, he does not feel that it is his
duty, as a representative of the people, to arrest it r
Mr. BAYLY. Yes; but it must be done in a
proper way.
Mr. RICHARDSON. How is the proper way.
Mr. BAYLY. My dear friend, I cannot enter
into an argument with you upon that point at pres-
ent. This is not the proper way, and I am
considering the case before us. The habit of my
mind is such, that when I am discussing a legal
question, I cannot get along w{th satisfaction to
myself unless I am permitted to proceed without
interruption, and in my own way.
I say, sir, that what is avowed to be the object
of this report is what I deny the power of this
House to do. This House has no judicial powers.
The functionsof this House are purely legistative,
except in cases of impeachment, where it acts as
the grand inquest of the nation; but it has none
in this instance. The House is not called on to
impeach anybody; but a long legal argument ia
made, to show that the Secretary of the Interior
has decided a complicated and difficult question
wrong. Grant the truth of the whole argument,
and you only make out a case of error of judg-
ment. Now, I am not going into an argument—
my time will not allow it—as to whether the Sec-
retary of the Interior decided right or wrong; and
I shall avoid itforanother and stronger reason.;—it
is not the question appropriately.before this House.
The ground I take is this: that the law of Con-
gress in resnect to these claims makes the Secre-
tary of the Interior the judge, and the judge of last
resort. The law provides no appeal'from his de-
cision, and the House has no right to interpose.
Congress, by its own law, has made that officer
the judge in the last resort in these cases, in which
the private rights of citizens are concerned. This
House has no more right to act as an appellate tri-
bunal in this case than it has to revise and reverse
the decisions of the Supreme Court.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman allow me?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman" from
Virginia yield the floor to the gentleman from Mis-
souri ?
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, sir, this time; but I give
notice that I shall not do it any more, if I can help
myself.
Mr. HALL. I only want to a9k the gentleman
if the people of Virginia have not always taken
the ground, that the opinion expressed by this
House in favor of allowing the Virginia claims
should be obligatory?
Mr. BAYLY. I answer in the negative.
Mr HALL. Then the gentleman is not so
well informed on the subject as I thought he was.
Mr. BAYLY, The House will judge whether
! am or not.
Mr. HALL, Does not the gentleman know,
that Mr. Green, of Virginia, based his argument
on the. ground taken in the resolution which passed
the House of Representatives in 1833, that the
House had a right to control the acts of the heads
of departments?
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, if he took any such
ground, which I doubt, he took very absurd
ground.
M r. HA LL. That was the argument of a gen-
tleman of Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, God forbid that any such
doctrine should prevail. It is with a good deal of
difficulty that I can get along with my argument
amid these repeated interruptions. I say that this
House has no right to sit as an appellate tribunal
upon the acts of the officers of this Government,
who are empowered by law to"decide in the last
resort cases in which individual rights are con-
cerned. It has been decided, over and over again,
by the Supreme Court, that in cases involving pri-
vate rights, where by law the accounting officers
of the Treasury are made the exclusive arbiters,
nobody can interpose. But there are gentlemen
endeavoring to get this House to reverse a decision
of the Secretary of the Interior, upon the pretence
that it is erroneous, and to arrest further decisions,
the effect of which interposition would be the di-
vesting of private vested rights. 1 repeat, this
House has no such power.
As I was about to say when interrupted, take
the case of the Supreme Court. Are there not
cases that go there, in which the pecuniary inter-
ests of the Government are involved? Suppose
that court makes a decision which this Houee re-
gards as being highly injurious to the public in-
terest, can we take it up here and review and
reverse it? We had a case before us the other day
m which something was said about this; but this
House scouted it. The city and county of Phila-
delphia attempted to collect taxes levied upon the
Mint. The case went to the Supreme Court. A
judgment was given for the taxes. They were
provided for in the civil and diplomatic bill. When
it was before us, the decision of the court was de-
nounced here as erroneous, and an attempt was
made to strike out the appropriation. But this
House decided that we could not go behind the
judgment of the court of last resort, by almost the
