1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
up—that the public domain should be secured to
the Government of the United States, and not to
the State herself. New States relinquished all
claim to the territory. W^iere is there any such
relinquishment in the constitution of California?
Do you find it anywhere? No, sir; there is no
such relinquishment on its part. And will any
Senator, who is a lawyer, and who understands
the force of terms, tell me that unless there is some
such relinquishment, the Governmentofthe United
States does not lose the domain the moment the
territory becomes a State, if such new State
should think proper to claim all the territory within
her limits? Are not these considerations sufficient
to induce the Senate to pause before they act upon
the subject, and ascertain whether it is not proper
to send the subject to a committee, whose duty it
shall be to investigate, and see if some mode of
proceeding cannot be adopted by which this omis-
sion maybe remedied—by which the evil thatwill
be inflicted upon us, if California be admitted with-
out some such provision, may be averted? And
I tell the Senator from New Jersey that he is en-
tirely mistaken if he supposes that every Senator
on this floor is ready and willing to permit the
State of California to come in instantly—if he
supposes that every Senator on this floor is willing
to acknowledge that California must and will come
in by an overwhelming majority. Sir, the honor-
able Senator, if he supposes this, will find himself
mistaken; he will^fir^d that unless some mode be
devised, that will render it agreeable to gentlemen
to admit California*as a separate quesfion, as a
matter disconnected with all others, to induce them
to waive their objections to these unexampled
irregularities, which there is an almost absolute
obligation on the part of the Government to dis-
countenance—unless some such thing is done,
California cannot come in; for let the intelligence
be spread before the country—not before one sec-
tion only, but before the whole country—let it be
understood in New England, that we are to lose
our domain there; that we have ascertained that
California, if she chooses to grasp it, has it in her
power to do so; that it is to go out of our hands;
and that we shall have no means of getting it back,
unless she voluntarily surrenders it—let this be
understood, and rest assured that even that section
of the country will not justify or approve the ad-
mission of California under such circumstances.
Well, where is the great evil, if it should become
necessary to^send California back, as Missouri was
sent back? We are told, and no doubt it is the
truth, that the people in California are almost in a
state of anarchy; that they cannot move along;
that they cannot get funds to support their Govern-
ment; that one portion of the territory is arrayed
against the other; that San Diego is arrayed against
San Francisco. And, by-the-by all that portion
of the territory lying south of San Francisco was
opposed to the formation of a State government.
They were anxious for a territorial government;
and in that they showed their good sense; for I
have no doubt a territorial government, properly
organized, would have been much better for them
for some years to come, than any State govern-
ment they could possibly establish. I have no
question of that.
My object in rising, sir, was to say, that while
I am most anxious to see this distracting: question
settled on some reasonable basis, one that can be
acquiesced in in every quarter of the Union; while I
am anxious to see fraternal relations and harmony
restored; and while, for the purpose of securing
these objects, I would be disposed to yield every- |
thing that I could yield consistently with my duty j
to my constituents and to the country; while I j
would be disposed, I say, to yield everything that j
I could yield under the oath that 1 have taken to j
sustain the Constitution, and consistently with the !
duty that I owe to the people whom 1 represent, |
and the country generally, I shall not be driven by j
any kind of proceedings to adopt a course which j
I believe, if persevered in, will neither be bene- j
facial to the country, nor put an end to these agi- j
tations, but which would undoubtedly augment |
them; in conscquence of which they would go on |
from day to day increasing, and .continually be- ;
coming worse and worse. j
When you come upon the question, you will |
probably get a majority to act upon this question !
alone, and determine to do nothing in reference to j
the 6ther questions, but leave them open to be j
acted upon for political or other purposes. But, 1
sir, [ tell you that if gentlemen attempt to interfere
with our rights, there will be no division among
us in the controversy. When every one feels, as he
should feel, that his rights have been set at naught—
that insult and injustice have been heaped upon
him—they will stand together, shoulder to shoulder,
in defiance of what they honestly believe to be op-
pression. Are gentlemen prepared to bring about
this state of things? Are they prepared to goad
the southern^people almost to desperation? We
are willing to bear with oppressions as long as
possible; we are prepared to sacrifice everything
that can reasonably be demanded or expected of
us, and even more, in order to preserve the Union;
but they must not drive us to extremities, or they
will find themselves at that point when they will
be compelled to calculate the value of the Union.
Mr. President, few men perhaps have been more
attached to the Union than myself; few men have
manifested, on every occasion where the opportu-
nity was presented to show it, a stronger desire to
maintain every principle thatbindstheStates of this
Confederacy together. I never lent myself to any
of the wild schemes that were got up some years
ago; 1 considered them visionary and unnecessary,
and in some degree dangerous; and therefore I
made all the opposition to them I could, notwith-
standing the action that was attempted by gentle-
men, whose motives I respected, but whose course
I deprecated and would not sustain.
I had no design, Mr. President, of detaining the
Senate when 1 rose to speak; but I must add, that
I trust in God that there will be patriotism, good
sense, and fraternal feeling enough in this body to
enable it to act upon these great and distracting
questions in such a way as will restore harmony
and peace to the country. We have been told at
times, by various gentlemen, of the glory, the
power, the magnificence of this country; and I feel
the truth of all these glowing descriptions as an
American; and I feel also that we are destined, if we
can avoid internal dissensions, to become the great-
est among the nations of the earth; but in order to
this, we must preserve peace at home—peace at
home. We have nothing at all to fear from abroad.
It is our internal dissensions, our internal bicker-
ings and strife, got up in some instances by un-
principled politicians, to advance their own selfish
purposes, and carried forward through the medium
of miserable fanatics, that are becoming stronger
and stronger every day, that is leading to results
of which God only knows the end. 1 hope that
the good sense of the Senate of the United States
will avert the evils resulting from the efforts to
which I have alluded, and that we will be enabled
to save this glorious Union from sectional division,
and fulfill the destiny which I have no doubt
awaits us.
Mr, DICKINSON. I moved early in the course
of the morning to proceed to the consideration of
the deficiency bill, but I withdrew my motion m
order that a vote might be taken upon this ques-
tion. I then gave way to one Senator, who wished
to make some remark*, and then to another, and
as, in consequence of this delay, we are very much
advanced in to-day's session, I declare it my in-
tention not to insist further upon takingup the de-
ficiency bill to-day. But i would call the attention
of the Senate to the fact, that we have been engaged
now some five months in doing nothing but at-
tempting to legislate for negroes not in New Mex-
ico or California, and forgetting to legislate for
twenty millions of the white citizens of our own
country, whose destinies are in our hands. I now
give notice that I shall move to-morrow morning,
immediately after the necessary morning busi-
ness, to take up the deficiency hill, and shall call
the yeas and nays upon the motion as often as ob-
jection is made to taking it up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The remarks of the Senator
from Alabama are of such a character that I feel
compelled to a say a few words m reply. Upon
the discussion of a proposition to create a com-
mittee to consider the questions at issue, he goes
into a discussion of the bill for the admission of
the State of California. And, sir, I cannot but
think that it would be much bettef to defer that
discussion until we get the bill up, or rather to
proceed at once to the consideration of the bill
providing for the admission of California. I feel
bound, sir, to say, that I think the Senator is en-
tirely mistaken in the fact which he asserts, that
if the present bill for the admission be'adopted, the
public domain of that country will not belong to
this Government. But, sir, he is mistaken en-
tirely, for my bill for the'admission of California
is in the usual form. It is framed on the same
principle that bills for the admission of States
heretofore have been framed, and the Senator will
find, upon examination, that it is an exact tran-
script of two or three of the bills that have been
presented for the admission of new States into
this Union. I am well aware of the compacts of
which he speaks. Those compacts are not generally
parts of bills admitting new States into the Union.
They have been generally separate bills, passed at
different times. They were matters of compact, not
generally embraced in the same bill; and the one re-
ferring to my own State was not a part of the bill
admitting my own State. Hence my attention
has been drawn to this subject, and I am prepared,
when the bill for the admission of California comes
up for consideration, to vindicate it against any
charges which may be made. I think that the
turn this discussion has taken ou?ht to admonish
us at once to proceed to the consideration of the
bill for the admission of California, which is a
practical question.
Mr. DOWNS. I would inquire of the Senator
from Illinois if he is aware that any new State,
having public lands within her limits, has been
admitted into the Union until the Government or
the constitutional authority of the State had entered
into a formal compact to cede the public domain to
the General Government?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The question of the Senator
from Louisiana fully proves the propriety of the
motion which I am about to make. If the Senate
will proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
admission of California, I am prepared then to vin-
dicate it from all the charges that may be brought
against it. I desire to have a discussion upon the
merits of the question, and upon the bill itself.
And, sir, if I cannot show that the bill is precisely
as it ought to be, and that not one of the objections
really exist which Senators advance, 1 will offer
amendments myself that will obviate those objec-
tions, so that they shall not be able to make even
criticisms on the subject.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to say one word ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, if it is by way of
suggestion.
Mr. FOOTE. I would state that, in my opin-
ion, immediate action upon the resolution I had
the honor to offer is in perfect harmony with the
objection raised by the Senator from Illinois. It
is certainly true that this committee will be raised,
probably, in a few moments, and the Senator can
then move to proceed to the consideration of his
bill—a motion which I shall always be happy to
sustain. I know that gentlemen here are desirous
of voting upon the question, and having the prop-
osition immediately before us. Let us raise this
committee without any further discussion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I have said, the whole
merits of the bill for the admission of California
can be discussed on this resolution, and the con-
sequence is, that discussion is to go on indefinitely.
My object in rising was simply to state that when
the California bill came up, I would be prepared
to show that it was framed m the manner in which
it should be. If I do not show this, I will offer
an amendment, as I before said, to obviate any
objections that may be made. In the progress of
the bill, Senators will be at libeity to offer any
amendments they may deem proper. The bill
must go through the ordinary stages before it is
passed, and there may be some alterations to be
made in it; for I do not undertake to say that it is
perfect; I do not pretend that it contains no errors;
every bill is liable to them. And now, for the
purpose of making a test vote on this question of
raising a committee at this time, I move that the
question of raising this committee lie upon the
table.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the Senator withdraw
his motion for a moment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have a very few words
to say, sir. When the question of raising this *
committee was before the Senate a month or six
weeks ago, I said to the Senate that, although I
did not'perceive that any considerable good was
likely to result from this proposed measure, yet
if it was desired by any considerable portion of
the Senate, and especially those who have taken
a lead on the subject, (the honorable member from
