Y08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Iientucky, arid the honorable member from Ten-
nessee, and others,) that'such a committee should
be raised, I should not oppose the motion. I sup-
pose that it would hardly Have had much opposi-
tion in the Senate if it had not happened that the
honorable Senator from Mississippi has used a
phrase, or prescribed a mode of proceeding; in his
resolution, calculated to alarm in a measure some
Senators. The instruction, according to his reso-
lution, is, that the committee shall mature some
scheme of compromise. Well, probably this word
scheme created some little apprehension.
Mr. FOOTE. That is not the phraseology of
the resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER. I am quite certain it is, sir;
let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read the resolution as follows:
"That the resolutions be referred to a select committee of
thirteen, with instructions to exert themselves for the pur-
pose of" maturing a scheme of compromise for the adjustment
of Kit pending questions growing out of the in.-tKutiou of
slavery, with the right to leport by bill or otherwise."
Mr. WEBSTER. Not that I suppose a mean-
ing was intended to be attached correspondent to
the phrase, or that it was to be taken in a strict
sense; but as I have said, taken in this sense, the
resolution has given rise to alarm in the minds of
Senators; and I am free to say, if it is to be taken
in that sense, I shall not agree to it in any way
whatever, because it seems to imply, or might
imply—1 do not suppose that such is its purpose—
that something is to be compromised away-—some-
thing that is of importance to the country; and as
we are dealing with the rights of the country, this
should not occur. Sir, I am inclined to unite with
those Senators who have taken the lead in this
discussion, and also a very large portion of the
Senate, and allow the committee to be appointed,
so far as by my vote it can be appointed; but to
avoid all possible misapprehension hereafter, I beg
to say that I shall not commit myself, and do not
now commit myself, to support any measure which
shall make the admission of California dependent
upon the sucecss of any other proposition what-
ever. I wish to say one other thing, sir. The
honorable member from Kentucky yesterday ob-
served, that the subjects which he regarded or
supposed proper for the committee to consider,
were the admission of California, provision for
the government of the teiritories, and the question
of the boundary of Texas. Now, I am afraid, sir,
that the question of the boundary of Texas is a
question which will necessarily coll for much ex-
amination, and probably bring on much discussion;
both in the committee and in the Senate.
One word fuither, sir. It does seem to me that
Jhe_ importance of the measure now before us, take
it either one way or the other, isgreatly overrated—
very much overrated. Mr. President, the honor-
able member before me, from the State of Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] desires to bring up his bill—his
clean bill—for the admission of California, and I
am ready to vote for it. But, then, if this bill were
now before us, the member himself must see, and
all the Senate must see, that it would be quite
competent for any gentleman, wishing to unite the
question of California and the question of the ter-
ritories, to move to insert territorial governments
on the bill, and you would thus raise the same
question. Well, if this committee bring in a com-
bined bill, any member of the Seriate may move
to strike out the territorial portions of the biil, and
take a vote for the admission of California alone—
so that, after all, we arrive at the opinion of the
rmijouty of the Senate in one way just as well as
in the Other. We. cannot avoid the question of
its sepaiation and of the combination any way.
)t must come up, and must come up in any way
that we proceed. Therefore, I do not think it of
much importance, nor indeed of any considera-
ble importance, because it stands upon the ground
of appointing a general committee to consider what
is best to be done to allay the existing agitation, !
and to satisfy all parties, according to the usual j
proceeding in ordinary cases. I have no objec- I
tion; something good may come out of it. They '
may express the opinion that it will not much, if i
it should in any degree, facilitate the settlement of i
these questions. W# have got a question now
upon which to take the votes of the Senate, and !
see what is the opinion of the majority of the Sen- i
ate as to the separate or combined consideration of i'
these questions. _ I make these remarks merely to J
prevent any unjust inference that may be drawn |i
from my vote, for 1 shall feel bound to support
any measure, as I have said, which shall make
the admission of California independent of any
other measure.
One word more, and I take my seat. We are
acting under discretionary power, devolved on us
by the Constitution, and for the exercise of which
we have entered into stipulations with Mexico by
the treaty of 1848.
I do not think it will advance us toward a con-
clusion, to set up at present any rights of Califor-
nia. Nor do I think, on the other hand, that it
advances us toward that just conclusion at all by
indulging in criminatory remarks upon the pro-
ceedings which have taken place in California,
without any previous authority derived from this
Government.
The facts are before us. The case is before us.
The constitution of California is belore us. We
are by the treaty to exercise our own discretion a3
to the time of admitting her. When she comes
with her constitulion, in conformity with the requi-
sitions of our constitution, and as she has un-
doubtedly the requisite number of inhabitants that
will constitute her a State, according to the usage
of the Government in cases of a similar character
heretofore arising, I am prepared, in the exercise
of the discretion which devolves upon me as a
member of this body, to admit her as a State; and
in voting for this committee, I repeat here that i do
it out of deference to the leading gentlemen who
have taken part in this discussion, and who have
broughtforward these resolutions—particularly the
resolutions of the Senator from Tennessee—rather
than from being sanguine of any benefit to arise
from it
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply to make a remark
with reference to the phraseology of my motion.
It will be recollected, sir, that I submitted a new
motion in a different form upon this subject; there-
fore it has happened that, with reference to this
motion, I forgot its particular terms. But I would
say, that if any one has felt alarm concerning it—if
the Senator from Massachusetts has experienced
any alarm—I think that that alarm would be re-
lieved by a proper consideration of the words used
in the resolution. If the word compromise had
heen the only word used, there might have been
some cause for entertaining fears that the motion
was destined to sacrifice the rights of either one or
the other section of the Confederacy; but, as I
was desirous of avoiding that, the motion was
prepared with reference to that particular object;
and it purports, according as it has been read in
our hearing, toauthonze this committee to assem-
ble for the purpose of making every effort to ma-
ture some scheme of compromise fur the adjust-
ment of all pending questions. All must be desirous
of having the questions at issue adjusted, and to
unite upon some scheme of adjustment that will
not involve a sacrifice of our rights. Still, as my
honorable fiiend from Massachusetts suggests,
there may he some occasion for alarm in the pai-
ticular terms of the resolution. After the pending
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut is re'
jected, as 1 doubt not it will be, we can modify the
original resolution where it speaks of a scheme of
compromise I am perfectly willing to strike out
the woid " scheme," and insert the word " plan,"
although I cannot undcistand how the phrase
" scheme of adjustment" can imply the sacrifice
of the lights of any portion of the Union. ] will
move, however, that the word "scheme" be
stricken out, and the word " plan" substituted.
The modification was made accordingly.
Mr. HALE. In looking over this resolution an
additional reason has suggested itself to my mind
against voting for it, which I wish to commend to
some of my friends on the other side of the Cham-
ber. Construing my oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, I look upon it as one
which binds me to support it entire in all its parts
Well, sir, there is no part of the Constitution in
which some gentlemen, representing the slavehold-
ing States of the Union, have been more zealous
and more earnest than they have in that construc-
tion which confines slavery within the States
strictly to the supervision, control, direction, and
government of those States. Now, sir, sometimes,
in the ardor of tne pursuit of an object, we may
lose sight of the ultimate consequences to which
it may tend, and it seems to me that my friend
irom Mississippi, who sits near me, [Mr. Foote I
m the a rdor of his patriotic emotion to adjust those
gi eat questions which are now agitating the coun-
try, is in great danger of sacrificing this vital prin-
ciple of the Constitution, which I feel bound to
sustain—that is, that the States have the entire
control of slavery within their own limits. I am
jealous of any legislation of Congress which shall
tend to abridge that power of the States, and it
seems to me that the resolution is obnoxious to
this censure, because one " of the pending ques-
tions growing out of the institution of slavery,"
according to the resolutions which look to the
organization of the Nashville Convention, is slave-
ry in the States, and the slave trade between the
States is another of them.
Now, sir, this resolution undertakes to commit
this delicate subject, which we ought all to be so
careful to keep within the separate sphere of Slate
legislation, to form a partof a consolidated scheme.
It proposes to take up and make Congressional
action of the whole. Why, X tremble for the in-
stitution of slavery, when 1 thmk of the conse-
quence of this proceeding, and of such action of
this Congress. [Laughter } Why, sir, it is to
take away the whole ground—to knock our whole
platform out from under us who have stood up
and defended the institution of the Constitution
against this system of general legislation. This
committee is for a plan of adjustment, or a scheme
of compromise for the adjustment, of all the pend-
ing questions growing out ef the institution of
slavery. One of the questions (fending when this
resolution was introduced, was io enroll the slaves
in the militia of the United States. Well, under
th is resolution, the committee must take cognizance
of that.
Mr. FOOTE. We adjusted that matter yester-
day.
Mr. HALE. Nevertheless it was one of " the
pending questions" when this resolution was in-
troduced. Another of "the pending questions"
is the abolition of slavery in the States, another
the abolition of the slave trade, and a great many
other questions of legislation, upon which those of
us who have been strict constructionists have been
so jealous heretofore, are all to be taken up and
thrown into a general measure. Now, with what
face can we rebuke those " intermeddling fanatics"
that come here with their printed petitions, asking
us to interfere with these matters, if, by such a
resolution as this, we have taken up all the sub-
jects connected with slavery, without any excep-
tion, and committed them to a committee of eight
for adjustment?
A Senator. Thirteen.
Mr. HALE. A large committee of thirteen;
that is worse still. For one, I am utterly opposed
to it. 1 do not desire to have cognizance of any
such things. What I have asked and always
desired of the General Government, in relation to
the subject of slavery, is, hands off—let it alone.
We do not want you to take cognizance of it, or to
do anything with it. Leave it as the Constitution
leaves it, and that is, as a Stale institution, sub-
ject to State action. But the terms of the resolu-
tion are indefinite; it does not tell what it proposes
to refer, but is in the broadest terms in which it
could be framed, "all questions." Now, all the
speculations in relation to the subject of slavery
that have been started, or that it is possible for
human ingenuity to conceive of, will, by the tenor
of this resolution, be submitted to the committee.
It seems to me to be one of the most dangerous
grounds that the Government has ever taken, and
one of the widest departures from the old system
of legislation, which used to prevail in the better
days of the Republic, when it was said that the
institution of slavery was left by the. Constitution
to the States, and that the General Government
had nothing to do with it.
Again, sir; a good many gentlemen here think
that Congress has no right to legislate over slavery
in the territories. Well, the resolution instructs
the committee to report a plan for the adjustment
of that also, because it is certainly manifestly one
of " the pending questions growing out of the
institution of slavery." 1 ask Senators to look
to this matter. I ask the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] who thinks we have no constitutional
power to legislate for the territories on the subject
of slavery, to be cautious how he votes for a reso-
lution that will commit us to Federal legislation on
the subject of slavery before we are aware of it.
I trust we shall look at it a long-time before we
adopt anything of the sort.
