1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
Again, taking another view of the matter, I must
be permitted to say that I concur entirely in the
views taken by the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Dayton,] who has expressed them much
better and with much more force than I can do.
I concur entirely with him. I say that this scheme
is unjust—unjust to California, and unjust to the
members of this Senate. If there are members
here who think that there is a-question before us
on which they can vote, and vote understanding!y,
I ask if it be just to them to take a measure of that
kind, and mix it up with something; else not analo-
gous to it, and entirely foreign to it. I have heard
out of this body—I do not know whether it is
true or not—that a scheme is on foot to mix up
with the question of slavery in the territories the
question of putting an additional duty on iron.
[Laughter.] I do not know why it would not be
just exactly as fair to bring in the question of rais-
ing the duty on foreign iron, and make it a part of
a general scheme of compromising all questions, as
it would be to mix up those that have been sug-
gested—the fugitive-slave bill, the territorial ques-
tion, the boundaries of Texas, and so forth. I
apprehend that it would be found more practicable
to bring into the question the duty on foreign iron,
and make it contingent on our action on these
questions, than to do the same thing with some of
these questions. These, sir, are some of the views,
in addition to those whichl suggested theotherday,
which compel me to vote against the resolution."
Mr. FOOTE. I do not rise to detain the Senate
by any lengthened discussion; but as the Senator
from New Hampshire has several times presented
the same view of the matter, without any reply
from me, I trust the Senate will bear with me
patiently while I make a short remark only in re-
sponse to him. He complains that I have made
my resolution too comprehensive. I did so because
the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] m the beginningof the session, as I thought
very appropriately, proposed, in a sphit of com-
promise, and with a view to the adjustment of all
the questions which have caused the springing up
of discord and unfraternal feeling between the two
sections of this Union, that ail these questions
arising out of the institution of slavery should be
settled or adjusted by us at the present time. He
submitted resolutions declaring; it to be expedient
thai we should make proper efforts to adjust all the
questions growing out of the institution of slavery,
and accompanied the resolutions with a speech,
the greater part of which I certainly approved of
at the time, and for which I was duly grateful to
him. I believed then, and I believe now, that such
a committee as the one proposed, might very well
take into consideration all the questions which
have thus been productive of discord in the country,
and cither by bills alone, or by bills accompanied
with a report, expressing their views upon the
whole question, do much to settle these questions,
to adjust these differences, and to restore and
secure concord and agreement once more in our
midst. And yet, sir, I have constantly declared
to my fnends, that if they conceived the motion
to be too comprehensive—and perhaps it may,
under present circumstances, be so considered—I
have not the least objection to limit it, according to
the discretion of those friendly to the general
object. For one, I should be very willing that it
should be confined to the bill for the admission of
California, the territorial bill, and the boundary
question between Texas and New Mexico; for I '
believe that if these were settled, all the remaining
questions could be easily adjusted. I doubt not
that the fugitive-slave bill will pass both houses
of Congress, and be satisfactory both to the South
and to the North, though I confess that, at the time
I brought forward the resolution, I did suppose
there would be some difficulty about that subject,
and it was my intention to have embraced it in
the resolution.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) Let it remain as it is;
there is no objection to the phraseology.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand that my friends
desire that the motion should stand as it is. I will,
therefore, propose no alteration. I was about to
read an amendment, in which I would acquiesce
in a spirit of compromise. I wished to be under-
stood that I should not stickie for phraseology. I
desire to gain the substance for which we have
been struggling, and 1 care nothing about words.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In order to get a test ques-
tion, I move to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. BENTON. Will the Senator withdraw it
for a few moments:
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to say, Mr. President,
that vvhat was said by the Senator from Massachu-
setts is fair enough in the abstract, but when you
come to look into its operation, it will be found to
be very unfair. He says it is competent for any
Senator to move an amendment. Certainly it is*,
and when we come to take up the bill, it will of
course be competent for any Senator to move an
amendment by adding to it; and thus we shall
have the expression of the sentiment of the Senate
upon it at once. This mode will save a great deal
of time, besides having the effect of getting at the
sentiment of the Senate, which is a material point.
The Senator from Massachusetts says it is not
material whether the question of combining the
different subjects is taken now, or after the report
of a committee. Sir, there is a very great differ-
ence, both in parliamentary law and in practice.
In the first place, if that committee goes out, it is
to be apprehended that it will be composed of those
who are determined upon one thing. If not, why
struggle for the committee? The names of the
proposed committee were read here some weeks
ago. I wish they could be read again now, if the
list is convenient, as perhaps it might be seen that
there will be a majority on that committee in favor
of doing the identical thin? in the committee room
which the Senator from Massachusetts has refer-
red to. There is a great difference in point of par-
liamentary law, and in everything, which side has
the onus, which side has the burden of proof,
which side has to establish the affirmative. Sup-
pose that, instead of taking the vote in the Senate,
where every Senator votes openly his own senti-
ments—and how Senators will vote I never in-
quire—it is carried into a committee room, where
there is known to be a niajonty in favor of the
identical thing which is contemplated here now;
they will make a conjunction of these subjects,
and report a measure which has to be attacked
here. The burden will then be thrown upon the
other side. It will come with additional weight
in its favor. After the feeling which has been
created by spreading all over the land that this is
a committee of compromise, a committee of har-
mony, a committee that is going to give peace to
the distracted country, which is going to reconcile
a nation of brethren to each other, and prevent
them from cutting one another's throats, whatever
that committee may report, will come back before
the country as a healing measure, and whoever
goes against that healing nostrum, will be looked
upon as a man in favor of dissension and against
peace, harmony, and conciliation. It is in that
poin-t of view, and in that character, that all those
will stand who shall oppose whatever this com-
mittee shall report. We are equal now—shall
we be equal then ? The Senator from Massachu-
setts says we are equal now, and that it is imma-
terial which is done. Then let it alone. We have
a bill here now before the Senate, ripe for action,
on which there is no doubt, and on which we aie
even; let us take up that bill, and vote upon it in
this Chamber, and not send it to a committee first.
But, sir, it is not even; the struggle here for two
months shows that it is not even. If the thing
was even, why struggle to get it into this commit-
tee? Why, sir, when we have a bill here, it is an
injury to California to send her back and create
delay by it. It is an injury to her to mix her up
with measures, some of them of a doubtful charac-
ter; it is an injury to mix her up with such things,
and an injury such as has never before been in-
flicted upon any State.
The Senator from Alabama says that California
is not yet a State, but a territory. The Senator
from Alabama will find that it would be as diffi-
cult to send the State of California back into the
territorial condition, as it would be to make a man
back again into a boy. But you are endeavoring
to make her come into the Union in a circuitous
manner—to make her purchase and buy the privi-
lege of excluding slavery from her boundaries.
Mr. KING. I entirely disclaim, sir, any inten-
tion of acting on the subject of California, either
admission or non-admission, in reference to the
question of slavery, whether it is or is not prohib-
ited in her constitution. 1 believe I can disclaim it
for nearly all my friends.
Mr. MANGUM. For all—for all.
Mr. KING. The only object I have in view is,
that as the subject-matter involved certain difficul-
ties, it might go to the committee for investigation,
to see how far we can get over those difficulties,
and thus bring California intq the Union without
prejudicing the rights of other States. No indig-
nity, certainly, is offered to California; there is no
disposition to do anything more than to protect
our own rights.
I disclaim distinctly any intention,either directly
or indirectly, or by any mode whatever, to operate
against the admission of California in consequence
of her having prohibited slavery. * I hold that
where a territory is organized with proper limits,
the people have a right under the Constitution to
say whether slavery shall exist there or not; and
if they choose to prohibit it, we have no right to
reject them on that account.
Mr. BENTON. Good, sir. But why is this
bill to be sent to another committee for considera-
tion, when it has been already reported upon by
one of the standing committees of the Senate? It
is to be presumed that the chairman and the mem-
bers of that committee have examined into all the
questions involved in it, and have found nothing
objectionable in it.
Now, Mr. President, if California is not to be
required to do what no other State has ever been
required to do, to purchase her way into the Union,
to buy her way into the Union, to trade and
traffic her way into the Union, why send her to
this committee, to be boiled down with other
measures, to get the essence out of the whole?
I object to California having to purchase her way
into the Union. There are certain compromises
to which she is bound to agree by the Constitution
of the United States, but outside of that we have
no right to mix her with any system of measures,
and make the question of her admission depend
upon giving something there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now ienew my motion to
lay the subject on the table.
Mr. TURNEY. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FOOTE. It will be recollected that this is
intended as a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbmy, Chase,
Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Diuton, Dodge or
Iow:t, Doited ot Wisconsin, Dotmla^, Felch, Gieenf, Hale,
Hamlin, Jonee, Miiier, Norri , Phelps Sewaid, Shields,
Smith, Spniance, Upnam, Wal<^, and Walker—2t>.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchibon, Badger, BHI, Boi land, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clay. Oilmen*, Davis of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Downs. Foote, Hunter, King, Manjjum, Ma-on, Mor-
ton. Pcarcp," Pratt, Rusk, S«l>apti«ri, Sould, Tiuney, (Jader-
wood, Webster, Whitcomb, and Yulee—28.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENTON. I have several times slated to
the Senate that there are two or three points on
which the Congress of the United States has no
right to touch slavery at all. These points have
been too often mentioned to need repetition, but I
have embodied them in the shape of amendments
which I shall offer, and I shall call for the yeas
and nays upon each amendment, in order that my
vote may stand recorded against giving to any
committee of this body the right to take into con-
sideration these questions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
nosv upon the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut. Does the Senator fiom Missouri
offer his amendment to that amendment.
Mr. BENTON. No, sir; I do not intend to
inteifere with that amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I do not
rise to enter into a general consideration of the
questions involved in the resolutions before the
Senate. Time enough has already been consumed
in such discussions, and I desire action. But be-
fore I vote upon the amendment now pending, I
feel bound to state the reasons for the vote I shall
give. The Legislature of the State I have the
honor in part to represent, have instructed me to
vote for no bill for the organization of governments
for the territories, unless such bill shall contain an
express inhibition of slavery therein. I recognize
the right to give such instructions, and I have no
constitutional difficulty in the way of implicit obe-
dience to them. I think it competent for Congress
to give a government to our territories, and to pro-
hibit slavery therein. It is a power that has been
exercised from the foundation of this Government
