1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
Mr. POOTE. I suppose there can be no objec-
tion that I should modify my own motion.
Mr MAKGUM. I will move, with the per-
mission of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
an amendment to his motion, that the resolutions
offered by the honorable Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Clay] likewise go to the committee.
Mr. FOOTE. I accept that amendment with
great pleasure.
Mr. HALE. I want to know if the yeas and
nays have not been ordered, and whether the
motion can be withdrawn?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered, and it cannot be withdrawn
except by consent of the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER. There has been no ordering:
of the yeas and nays on the general question. If
the instructions are withdrawn, then the amend-
ment falls, of course.
Mr. BELL. Every member proposing an
amendment or resolution, has it in nis discretion,
before it is amended by vote of the Senate,
and can modify or withdraw it; but after being
amended once, it cannot be withdrawn. It seems
to me there is no difficulty in this matter. If the
Senator from Mississippi thinks proper to with-
draw his motion, the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut falls, of course. •
Mr. CHASE. I will inquire if this discussion
is in order while a motion to lay on the table is
pending ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair still
thinks that, by the rule of the Senate, when a
question is in the possession of the Senate, it can
be withdrawn only by unanimous consent. In
the other bouse there is a different rule. On this
account the Chair will be guided by what has been
the usage of the Senate, if that can be ascertained.
Mr. KING-. The usage has been, without
scarcely any departure from it, to permit any Sen-
ator to withdraw a proposition before it is amend-
ed or changed by the action of the Senate; but
•when this has been done, it is not within the power
of the mover. But if the Vice President is right,
the majority can authorize it to be withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question then
is, whether leave shall be given to withdraw the
motion to instruct the committee?
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE withdiew the instructions.
Mr. FOOTE. I beg leave now to state, that I
accept the amendment of the honorable Senator
from North Carolina, and move that the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Tennessee, and those of
the Senator from Kentucky, be referred to a com-
'mittee of thirteen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi will please submit his motion to
writing. .
Mr. BENTON. I simply submit that we are
losing time, for the same amendment can be of-
fered to whatever motion is made.
Mr. FOOTE. I think the Chair understands
mv motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the motion of the Senator from Mississippi
to be, to refer the resolutions of the Senator from
Tennessee, and also those of the Senator from
Kentucky, to a committee of thirteen. The ques-
tion will be on this motion.
Mr. BENTON. I move the same identical
amendment to that, sir.
A Senator. W-hat amendment?
Mr. BENTON. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Connecticut.
A Senator. Let the amendment be read.
The amendment was read by the becretary, as
follows:
" But nolhin" in this resolution shall be construed to au-
thorise the said committee to take into consideration any-
tlnn™ that relates to the admission ot the State of California
into the Union."
Mr. BENTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and there
were—yeas 26, nays 28.
So the amendment was not agreed fo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the motion to refer.
Mr. BENTON. I beg that the amendments
that Isent to the table may now be offered.
The amendments were again read, as given
above. ,
Mr. MANGUM. I was about to remark, not
having participated in any portion of this discus-
sion, that there is not an individual with whom I
voted upon the last call for the yeas and nays, who
does not perfectly concur in the proposition enun-
ciated by the proposed amendment; and I call on
every gentleman, inasmuch as this has produced
no practical result toward the ultimate settlement
of this question, which I desire to see settled satis-
factorily to all pftrts of the country—North and
South, East and West—I call upon each and every
one of those admitting a perfect coincidence of
opinion, to vote them down, as they are only cal-
culated to embarrass. 1 do not wish to extend my
remarks; but I hope that we shall vote them down.
Mr. CLAY. I was about to propose an amend-
ment to the amendment, which I trust may meet
with tfie concurrence of the Senate, and obtain a
unanimous vote, as was obtained yesterday, when
a similar proposition was made. I move to amend
the amendment in the following manner:
<k Pyovuled, That tiy nothing herein contained shall the
committee be authorized to take into consideration tile two
following points."
I think it now reads:
"Prodded, That nothing in the motion contained shall
be taken into consideration so a  to afihm the existence of
any power in Congress on the four following points."
Then it will read that Congress has no power
to touch slavery as it now exists in the States; no
power to arrest the slave trade between the States;
and on the third and fourth points which the Sen-
ator has named, I believe the Senate has but one
opinion. 1 move this amendment to his amend-
ment; and I want Senators to affirm that there ex-
ists in Congress no power to abolish slavery in
any of the States of the Union, or to stop the
slave trade between them; and when we come to
the latter clauses, I shall propose two other amend-
ments.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to request the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky to withdraw his mo-
tion. I have some objection to it, as I had to his
own resolutions. These are all abstract specula-
tions, and ore not to be determined by any com-
mittee.
Mr. CLAY. I am not going to give any opinion
in any form, but it struck me that gentlemen, who
vote against the instructions as proposed by the
Senator from Missouri, would be placed in this
embarrassing condition, that if they vote to have
the committee take them into consideration, it
would be an implication that Congress has the
power to act on them, but by the adoption of my
amendment, it will be conceded that Congress has
no power to abolish slavery in the States, or the
slave trade between the States. However, I will
withdraw'the amendment.
Mr. KING. I think the Senator from Missouri
will see that his amendment now proposed is not
applicable to the subject. There are no instruc-
tions to the committee—none whatever. The
proposition is, to refer the resolutions of the Sena-
tor from Tennessee, and those offered by the
Senator from Kentucky, to a select committee of
;thirteen, to take into consideration the subjects of
'which these resolutions treat. Now, there are no
instructions that they should take into considera-
tion anything else, and although I entirely concur
m the view of the Senator from Missouri, that
Congress has no power whatever to legislate on
the subject of which these amendments treat, yet
I suppose there are those who have entertained,
and yet entertain, the opinion that they have power
over one of the subjects, and perhaps over two.
I could not myself vote against them, were they
elevant to the subject; but I do not consider them
within the forts, dock-yards, and arsenals, that also
comes under the same rule; and I think, therefore,
that under all the circumstances it is scarcely ger-
man to the subject, and perhaps, strictly speak-
ing, is not in order.
Mr. BENTON. I ask the clerk to strike out
the Word " instructions," and insert the word
"reference."
The amendment, as thus modified by Mr. Ben-
ton, was then read.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to say to the honora-
ble Senator from Alabama, that it was with no
view of embarrassing the Senate, or any member,
that I introduced this proposition. It was v ith
precisely the opposite view, and in accordance
with what I said the other day, in the poor re-
marks in which I gave my opinion that the
speeches of individual Senators will go further to
quiet the country, than anything in the world
which a committee can do; and it was with a view
of having the question presented, so that the vote
nlight be taken on each of these points, and for
the express purpose of letting the people of, the
United States see that they have been alatmed
without reason and against reason; that there is
not the least foundation in the world for supposing
that the Senate is going to interfere with the sub-
ject about which they are so alatmed, and that
there is no necessity for any scheme orcontrivnnce
to be hatched up to settle these questions. It is
in the bosom of every Senator to speak out at
once in a way to silence the agitation that exists
in the country. Sir, what is that agitation caused,
by ? It is about the abolition of slavery in the
States, and in the forts, and arsenals, and dock-
yards in the bosom of the States, so situated as to
make asylums for runaway negroes; the abolition
of the slave trade between the States and in this
District, which is said to be an entering wedge for
the accomplishment of the others. Now, sir, I
know the country is alarmed about these things.
We see it manifested in the resolves of public
bodies. I have seen as good and candid people
as there are on God's earth laboring under the
most serious alarm, and in the greatest nervous
excitement, when they talked on the subject of
slavery, supposing that Congress was going to
abolish slavery in the States. I endeavored to
i convince them that, whereas for sixty years Con-
gress had done nothing on this subject, they
should be satisfied that Congress would not touch
it, and especially when there is abundant proof
that lb ey will not exercise their undisputed powers
over it. ...
It has, therefore; been my determination from
the beginning, and is still, to obtain a vote in this
body upon each of these four points, sc as to re-
move the alarm which now exists in the country, •
and I have endeavored to frame them in such a
way as to embarrass no one% If you give leason
for embarrassment, you must expect it; and as
the Senator from Alabama thinks t) ere may be
embarrassment in voting on the quest,on of the
power of Congress to touch the subject of slavery,
I think that embarrassment will be removed by
showing the fact that Congress does not authorize
the committee even to think upon the subject.
Mr. President, I rejoiced yesterday when 1 saw
the honorable Senator from Kentucky add to the
long list of benefits he has conferred upon his
country another benefit by making that extraor-
dinary motion. I think he was fully justified
under the circumstances in making that motion,
because when that motion was made, it implied
not merely that the measure ought not to pass—it
implied not meiely that we could gne no pailiamen-
tary sanction to such a measure—but it rebukes
it as an improper thing. The motion to reject
one, and I think it was strongly
r   -
as relevant to the subject. No beneficial object j
can be accomplished by pressing these amend- ;
ments; for though I think there is a decided ma- I j them is a strong
ioritv m regard to the two subjects, the others ,1 made yesterday; and I do hope that t.ie same
would lead to a division, and probably much n motion will be made upon cach class of petitions
debate. If the Senator perseveres in nis amend- >: which come here to annoy us on the sis eject-
ments, I shall certainly call for the vote on each
subject, and give my vote in favor of the whole of
them. At the same time, I know that there will
be division in relation to the other two points.
But why send to a committee to determine what
we all believe and know is literally in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, if they
should attempt to take jurisdiction of it? The
prohibiting of the slave trade between the States
is a question over which it has been decided by
the highest tribunal in the land that Congress has
i no power. As regards the abolition of slavery
one
motio'n of the same kind upon each class. And it
is my opinion that the motion made yesterday in
tile Senate, in which the Senator spoke for himself
and upon the*spot, will have more influence upon
the public mind than all the arrangements that can
be made by committees, and that will be pieeiscly
the effect if this amendment is adopted. Sir, when
, the thing is carried into a committee, and considoed
j there, especially when the word " compromise" is
used in connection with it, tlteie is a tiebcf among
the people that there was a giving ami taking—that
the people are to be brought together by mutual
