1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 12,
the gentleman from Tennessee to say anythingcon-
cernirij the matter. I will state on my own pari, that
whilstthia House goes on forsimilarobjectsiomake
appropriations of land to other States and to private
coiporations, more particularly for the benefit of the
rich who travel on railroads, it should not hesitate
to complete a road for the benefit of the poor men
from all sections of the Union who drive their own
carts in the pursuit of new homes in the distant
wilderness. I have shown that this is the inain
road, and the only road by which the State" 1 rep-
resent can be penetrated from its eastern boundary;
that the road is in a most incomplete, wretched
condition; that our State is poor, and but little able
to encounter undertakings of this character. We
consider it unjust to be asked to do so, as it is the
duty of the Government to complete it. not only
as a military road lor which it is indispensable,
but as an avenue of communication by which the
common traveler may emigrate into our section,
and through it to California. We ask an appropria-
tion of alternate sections of the public lands to aid
us in building a r,.ad of this character, instead of a
railroad. 1 believe the request is one of as modest
character as was ever made to this House. It is
one which has been approved, and a bill passed in
the Seriate, and the House, upon examination,
will find the bill as completely guarded as it can be
to accomplish the object. 1 ask for the reading of
the bill, that the House may understand its pro-
visions, and that it may be put upon iis passage.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said that some
years since the Government of the United States
commenced a road from the banks of the Missis-
sippi, through what was known as a swamp, to
the banks of the St. Francis—a distance of about
forty miles—about helf of it had been completed,
and it was left unfinished in the middle of the
swamp. He thought if the Government had the
power to commence it and carry it thus far, they
c^rtamly had the power to continue it. It had
been the practice of the Government to appropri-
ate alternate sections of the public lands tor pur-
poses of this kind. There was a large amount of
the public lands lying on both sides of this road.
The road itself constituted a sort of levee, because
it had to be thrown up. As far as it had already
gone it had preserved large quantities of the pub-
lic land, and if carried through, it would for the
remainder of the route have "the same beneficial
effect, by increasing the value of the lands and
making them saleable, whereas otherwise they
would not be.
Mr WH1TE, remarking that he was not aware
of any reason why this bi'fl should not go to the
Commnree on Public Lands, as he believed all the_
other bills of a similar character had gone, moved
that reference, and called the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 call for the
reading of the bill.
Mr. BOWLIN wished to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has m >ved the previous question.
"Mr. BOWLIN. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw it. This hill is precisely like the rest
of the bills which the Committee on Public Lands
have reported.
The bill having been read—
Mr. VIN TON took the floor, and proceeded to
t make a remark, when—
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that no
remarks were in order, the previous question
having been demanded.  
Mr. VINTON said, he hoped that this bill would
not be voted upon until some fuither explanation
of its object had been given. ,
Mr. BURT desired to sugguest, that if the bill
was referred at all, it should be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. He would not
himself make the motion, because his friend from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] had asked that the bill
might be put upon its passage. But it seemed to
him (Vlr. B ) that there was more piopiiety in re-
ferring it to the Committee on Military Affairs
than to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question, " Is there a second to the demand
for the previous question ?" was taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative, without a division.
So there was a second.
Mr. WHITE made a remark not heard at the
Reporter's de^k.
Mr. JOHNSON^ of Arkansas. The proposition
- to send the bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs is not a eorrect proposition.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Atl remarks
are out of order, except by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will just say
to the House, that 1 am willing that the bill should
go to the Committee on Public Lands for the pres-
ent. As i do not wish to risk its passage—there
being some confusion, 1 will consent to suclj a
reference. 1 however much prefer that it be put
upon its passage.
The main question was then ordered, and being
taken, the bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The following bills from the Senate coming up
in their order, were read a first and second tune by
their title, and commuted as indicated, vi'z:
An act for the relief of Theodore L.^ Elliott.
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Maria Taylor. Referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act for the relief of Johit'Devlin. On mo-
tion by Mr. THOMAS, refeired to the Committee
of Claims.
An act granting to the State of Michigan the
right of way and a donation of public land for the
construction ol a ship canal around the Falls of
St. Mary's, m said State. On motion by Mr.
BINGHAM, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. _
An act making compensation to Walter Colton.
Reterred to the Judiciary Committee.
FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL. «
The bill liom the Senate, entitled "An act to
amend an act supplementary to the act entitled
lAn act respecting lugiuves irom justice and per-
sons escaping from the service of their masters,
approved February 12, 1793," coming up, it was
read a fiist and second time by its title.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the Moor. 1 am about, he said, to move to put
this bill upon its passage.
The reading of the bill was called for.
Mr. THOMPSON, (continuing.) Before I com-
mence the remarks which 1 propose to submit, 1
will ask that the bill may be read.
The bill was accordingly read.
JVir. THOMPSON then addressed the House in
explanation of the provisions of the bill, and in
favor of their adoption as a part of the great plan
I which had been devised for the pacification of the
country.
Mr. T. concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, appealed to
the gentleman to withdraw the demand.
Mr. THOMPSON declined.
Mr. STEVENS inquired of the Speaker whether
the bill had been committed ?
The SPEAKER. It had not been committed.
The bill came up in the order of business on the
Speakei's table.
Mr. STEVENS hoped (he said) that his col-
league [Mr. Thompson] would not insist on the
demand for the pievious question.
Mr. THOMPSON desired to be informed
whether his colleague [Mr. Stevens] desired to
reply to remarks which he (Mr. T.) had made.
Mr. STEVENS was understood to intimate
that he did.
Mr. THOMPSON. Then I will withdraw the
demand for the pievious question, if my colleague
will renew it.
Mr. STEVENS declined to renew it.
Mr. THOMPSON thereupon declined to with-
i draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FO W LER inquired whether it was in order
to move that the bill be committed?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the demand for
the previous question.
Mr GiDDINGS appealed to Mr. Thompson
to withdiaw the Demand.
Mr. THOMPSON declined.
Mr. CROWELL said that before the question
was taken, he would move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. BROOKS appealed to Mr. Thompson
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
He (Mr. B.) would renew it.
Mr. THOM PSON. Does the gentleman desire
to say anything against the bill?
Mr. BROOKS. I do not.
The SPEAKER., (to Mr. Thompson.) Does
the gentleman withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Crowell, that there be a call
of the House, and was decided in the negative,
without a division.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the demand for the previous question, and was de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 87, noes 69.
So there was a second.
And the question then was on ordering the main
question to be taken.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, asked for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (to the
Speaker.) Before that question is taken, is it in
order to move that the bill be laid upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table, and I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASEY. If the lull should not be laid
upon the table, will it be in order to move to refer
t ?
The SPEAKER. It will not—the previous
question having been seconded.
The question, " Shall the bill be laid on the ta-
ble?" was taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 67, nays 113; as follow:
Y£Ari—Messrs. Alien, Bennett, Bingham, Booth, Bur-
rows, Thomas B. Butler, Joseph Cable, CiUvnl, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Clalkfi, Cole, Corwin, Oovvelt, Dixon,
Doty, Dunean, Durkee, N.llliau Evans", Fowler, Freediey,
Gidduigs, Gott, Gould, Halloway, Hampton, ftarlan. Hay,
Hebard, Henrv, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Julian,
George G. -King, James G. King, John A. Kinff, Preston
King, Horace Mann, Matltoou, MrKinock, Meachain,
Mouie, Morris, Nelson, Oil--, Reed, Rotmison, Root, Ruin-
sey, Saekett, Sawtelle, Seliernlerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sil-
vester, Sprague, Tliaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Tlturinan,
Took, Underbill, Vrnlon, Waldo, Wentwortil, Whittlesey,
arid Wood—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe,
Avert tl, Bav, Bayly, Beale, Bls-ell, Bu d n, Bowie, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Breck, Briggs, Brooks, AlberrG. Brown, Buel,
Burt, Chester Butler, George A. Caldwell, Jo.-eph P. Cald-
well, earlier, Clmginan, W. K W. Cobb, Coleock, Daniel,
Deberry, Omnvuek, Disney. Dunham, E.lu   F.iiot,
Ewmg Featherston, Filch, Fuller, Gentry, Geiry, Guiuian,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Isliairi G.Harris, Samp-
son VV. Hairis, Thomas L. Harris, Haymond, Hibbard,
Billiard, Hoajlnnd, Holladay, Holmes, Houston, How-
ard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, James L. Johnson, Rnbeit W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, La ^-eie, Leffler. Liltlefieid, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, McCleinand, McDonald, MeGaughey,
McLanahan, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, MiGlHeeu,
McWillie, Meade, Miller, Millsmi, Morse, Minion, Oir,
O.i ~ ~ ' " ' ' " ' '
son,
Frederick I    , ...
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Venable, Waiden, Wallace, Waikms, Wellborn,
Williams, Woodward, and Young—113.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question recuning, "Shall the mam ques-
tion be now put?"—
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the main question
was ordered to be now put.
The main question was upon ordering the bill
to a third reading.
I Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
GOTT asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 105, nays 73; as follow:
YEAS Mesais. Albertson, Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Av-
ereu, Bay, Ba>ly, Heal*-, Bowdon, Bowie, Bowlin,
Boyd Br^ck, AlUf-rt G. Brown, VV. J. Brown, Bart, Che>ter
Butler, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Clmg-
inan, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Coleock, Daniel, D-herry,
Dtminick, Dunham, Sdmundson, Ehot, Swing, Featherston,
Fuller, Gentiy, Gerry, Gorman, Green,Hall, Hamilton, Hur-
, al-oii, Isham G. Harris, Samp.-on W. Hanis, L.
' Harns Raymond, Hihbard, Hilhard, Hougland, Holl 'day,
i Houston, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W Jackson,
I Andrew Johnson, James i,. Johnson, Robert W. Joluison,
! J me*, K.iulman, Kerr, La Seie, Leffler Liltlefti-ld, Job
i Mann Mar-hall, Mason, McClernand, McUoi.a d, Mc-
; Gangliey, McLanahan, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Me-
I Uiieen, MeWUhe, Meade, Miller, Milium, Muiae, Morton,
! Qrr Outlaw, Owen, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, P.,well, Uob-
' bins Ross, Savage, Seddon, Sheppud, Stanly, Frederick
P Sianton, Richard H. Stanton, T«t\lor, Thomas Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, John B. Thomson. Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Young—105.
JVAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bingham,
Bngw, Booth, Burrows, T. B. Builer, Joseph Cable, Calwn,
Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Coi win,
Crowell. Dickey, D.&nev, Dixon, Duty, Duncan, Du>kee,
NithAn 'Kvanf, Fitch, Fowler, Freediey, Guiding*, Gott,
Gould, Halloway, Hunpton. Harlan, Hay, Hebard, Henry,
Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Julian, Geotge G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, Horace
YfcWiiiit, Mead*', Miller, Mili&oti, Mox&e, Mutton, Ojr,
Dutlaw, Owen, Pat ker, Peai.iee, Phelps, Powell, Richard-
son, Bobbins, Ro *, lavage, Seddon, Shrpperd, Stanly,
Frederick P. Sianton, Richard H. Siautnn, .Taylor, Thomas,
