1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IBGt
Mann, Mafteson, McKissock, Meacham, Moore, Morris,
Nelson, Otis, Potter, Reed, Robinson, Root, Rumsey,
S.ickett, Sawtelle, Schermerhoin, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Sprague, Thaildeus Stevens, Stetson. Thurman, Tuck, Un-
derbill, Vinton, Waldo, Weutwortb, Whittlesey, and Wood
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved a
reconsideration of the vote, and that that motion
be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The bill wa3 then read a third time by its title.
And the question being, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. ROOT moved that there be a call of the
House, and on that motion asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
And the question, 14 Shall there be a call of the
House?" was taken, and decided~yeas 73, nays
100.
So a call of the House was refused.
[A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States.]
The question recurred upon seconding the de«
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
The main question was ordered.
The main question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. CROW ELL, Mr.GOTT, and others, asked
the yeas and nays.
They were ordered.
[Mr. CLEVELAND, when his name was called,
declined to vote, having paired off with Mr. Ste-
phens, of Georgia. He stated that had he been
permuted, he should have voted agamstthe passage
of the bill.]
The question, " Shall this bill pass r" was then
taken,and resulted—yeas 109,nays 75; as follow;
YE VS— M<'f-srs. Albertson, Alston,Anderson, Ashe, Aver-
en, B.iv, B.tjly, Brale, Bjsm.II, Bowuon, Bowie, Bowim,
Bo>d, &ret*k, AlbtMt G. Brown, William J. B«owri, Bu l,
Bun, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Chngman,
W. R. W. Col>h, Co cock, Daniel, Dfberry,Dim nick,Duu- |
ham Edinundson,Eliot,Ewmg, Featherston, Fuller,Gentry, i
Gf rry, Gilbi-*rt, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haral>on, ,
IshamG IlarrU, S. W. Harris Thomas L. Harris, Raymond, ;
Hibbard, Hilltard, Hoagland, Holiad-ty, Holmes, Hou - ;
ton, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Jo-eph W. Jaek-on, Andrew j
Johnson, J.ones L. J"hnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, ;
K lUhnan, Kerr, La Sere, L'ffltr, Litth field, Job Mann, >
M irshall, Mason, McClernand, Mi Donald, MiGaughey, [
McL tnahan, Finis E. McLean, McMullen, Mi-Queen, i
Me Willie, Meade, Miller, MiIImhi, Morton, Orr, Outlaw, .
Owen. Parker, Peas-lee, Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Rob- j
bins Ross, Savage, Seddon, Sliepperd, Stanly,,Fredf nek t
P. S antoii, Richard H. Stanton, Tavtor, Thomas Jacob ;
Thump-on, James Thompson, John B Thompson, Toomb-, ,
Viable, VValden, Wallace, Watluns, Wellborn, WilUrick, ;
William*, Woodward, and Young— lo9.
NAYS—Meori Alexander, Alltn, Baker, Bennett, Bmg- j
ham, Booth, Brigas Burrows, T. B. Butler, Joseph Cable,
Calvin, Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwm, ,
Crowell, Dickey, Diwifv, Doty, Dixon, Duncan, Durkee, j
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler. Freedlej, Giddinjja, Gnu, !
Gould, Hallowav, Hampton, Harlan, Flay, He bard. Hi nry, j
Howe, Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Julian, Georg ■ G.King, |
James G. Kins, John A. King. Preston King, Horace Mann, j
Matteson, McKi^sock, M>-acham, Moore, Morris, Nelson, j
On«, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Robnifon, Root, Rwro-ey, J
Sa. kett, SawtHle, Schernierhorn, Schoolcralt, Silvester, •
Spra ne, Thaddeu* Steven«, Stetson, Thurman, Tuck, Un- t
derlnll, Vinton, Waldo, Weutwortb, Whittlesey, Wood,
and Wright—^6. j
So the bill was passed. ^ ^ j
Mr. THOMPSON moved a reconsideration of j
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the j
table. }
Ordered accordingly. I
The title of the bill was then read and agreed to. .
Mr. EW1NG moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
MAIL STEAMERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
Sir: in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives,adopted Scptember2, 1850,calling
upon me to communicate the full and exact cost of
each of the lines of mail steamers now in the ser-
vice, &c., I have the honor to transmit herewith
reports from the Secretary of the Navy and the
Postmaster General, containing the desired infor-
mation. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, September 12, 1850.
On motion by Mr. GREEN,the communication
and accompanying documents were ordered to lie
on the table and he printed.
The bill from the Senate, entitled <c An act to ex-
tend the port of New Orleans," coming up in or-
der, was read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. LA SERE asked that the bill be put upon
its passage.
The bill was then read a third'time, according to
order, and passed.
* OATHS AND AFFIRMATIONS.
The b'll from the Senate, entitled " An act to au-
thorize Notaries Public to take and certify oaths,
affirmations, and acknowledgments, in certain
cases," coming up on its first and second reading—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STANLY said that it would be better that
the bill should be put upon its passage.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew his motion to re-
fer to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I suggest
that the Speaker should send a page to notify the
| members on our side of the House that the fugi-
| tive slave bill has been disposed of, and that they
i may now come back into the Hall. (Laughter.)
i On motion by Mr. THOMPSON* of Pennsyl-
j vama, a clerical error was ordered to be corrected
in the bill.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
THE FUGITIVE SLAVE BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to call the attention of
j' the House to the fact,- that a clerical error existed
j] in one of the sections of the fugitive slave bill,
jj which he desired might be corrected by unam-
;i mous consent.
j The SPEAKER. The bill has been sent to the
i. Senate.
|| RAILROAD.
;j The bill from the Senate, entitled, "An act for
ii the relief of the West Feliciana Railroad Com-
:j pany," coming upon its first and second reading—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, took the floor.
Mr. RUMSEV raised the point, that the bi!l
must be committed.
The SPEAKER said the billjnade an appropria-
tion of money.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi,
the bill was referred to the Committee ot the
Whole on the state of the Union.
TheSenate bill,entitled " An act for the relief of
the Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company,"
coming up in its order, was read a fiist and second
time by its title.,
Mr. MORION said that the subject-matter of
this bill had been investigated by the Committee
of Claims; and said committee had instructed their
chairman to report a bill ot like import. He would
therefore move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
The# question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The Senate bill, entitled " An act to provide for
a tn-monihly mail from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz and Tampico, Mexico, by steam vessels,"
coming up in order, was read a first and second
Ume by its title.
Mr. POTTER said that he was willing that
the bill should be put upon its passage now, if de-
i sired by its friends; if not, he would move us ref-
, erence to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road.
1 The bill was so referred.
Mr. MEADE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to report from the Committee on the
! Judiciary, a bill for the relief of a youth who had
injudiciously joined the army. His father was
I here at present. He (Mr. M.) asked leave to re-
port a bill for his rehei, and that it be put upon its
Mr. BOWLIN objecting, the report was notre-
.1 ceived.
it CHARLES F. SIBBALD.
,j The bill for the relief of Charles F. Sibbald
. coming up—
Mr. CHANDLER was understood to ask that
• the bill be put upon its passage.
i! The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported.
:i Mr. PHELPS moved to commit the bill to the
I Committee of Claims.
]\ It was desired, (he said) by the person for
'.! whose benefit this bill was proposed, that he should
I have the benefit of testimony, which was not avail-
able to him at the time of the previous examination
of his accounts by the Secretai y of the Treasury.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he wasopposeU to the
j reference of these questions to the Secretary of the
ii Treasury, or anybody else. (A laugh.)
, Mr. BAYLY said, as he understood this sub-
ject it was simply this: this man had had hrs case
adjudicated at the Treasury. An important finlc
in his testimony coufd not at that time besupplitd;
but it had sin«e been procured. It was simifar to
the question whether a court of justice upon the
discovery of new testimony of which the party
was ignorant at the time of trial, would order a
new trial.
Mr. PHELPS said, his attention having been
called to^this case by a person requesting him a
few days since to make no opposition when it
came up, he had examined reports of commit-
tees upon it, and more especially the reports of the
Solicitor, and of the First and Second Comptrol-
lers of the Treasury, who, in 1837 and 1838, had
reported that the petitioner was entitled to nothing.
He said that in 1842 an act had passed for the re-
lief of the party, and m 1846 a resolution on the
same subject, and that under the two, Sibbald or
his attorneys had received from the Treasury some
$70,000.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said, there
had been an adjudication of the claim by the
Tieasury Department, and $26,U0Q had been
awarded as the amount of damage sustained by
Mr. Sibbald. Mr. T. was proceeding to give a
concise history of the case, premising that Mr.
Charles F. Sibbald was the grantee of certain
lands in Florida which were valuable, particularly
on account of the timber growing thereon—when,.
Mr. CARTTER rose to a question ot order.
He desired to know whether ii was in order to
discuss the character and quality of this land, and
of the timber that it produced ?
The SPEAKER said, that in the opinion of the
Chair, the gentleman from Pennsylvania was in
order.
Mr. THOMPSON proceeded to state, that after
Mr. Sibbald had taken possession of this land, and
had built steam mills and made improvements to
the value of about $100,000, the Government of
the United States removed him from it, under a
law lequinng the Government to take possession
of all lands of that desciiption, and turned him
over to the courts of law for redress by an award
of damages. The Government had kept him out
of possession from 1829 to J83B, without any de-
cision having been.made in his favor. And by that
time his mills had nearly rotted down,and his other
improvements had been destroyed. The Secretary
of the Treasury had not been furnished with the
proper evidence in the cdse. If he had had that
evidence, there was no^doubt he would have al-
lowed the whole claim.
Mr. PHELPS remarked, that in many particu-
lars, as it appeared to him, the claim was not
sustained by the evidence. lie had been induced
to investigate the case with some degree of care,
and he would state briefly the principal facts. He
wa3 proceeding to do so, when
Mr. THOMAS interposing, and the floor being
yielded to him, said, that according to his under-
standing ofthis bill, it was one which must neces-
sarily be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair thmks that the
bill musi be referred.
Mr. PHELPS said, that being the case, he
would not detain the House with any further re-
marks at this ume, but would reserve what he had
to say until the bill should be reported back from
the committee.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
Claims; and on motion,
The House adjourned. *
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
Bv Mr. DOTY: The petition of Dime! F. Nt-wcoinb,
Allred A Bra\ tun, Cyi us Ro  t,aud oihercituena ot Colum-
bia and D«>d,ie counties, in Wi-cotts n, praying that a mail
loutk inav he established from VVart-rion, l ^ whv of Loiv«H,
Columbus Fall River, Otsego, Wjocena, and Fuit Winne-
bago, to VV'anonah.
JN SENATE.
Thursday, September 12, 1850.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to correct an error into which either myself or the
reporter fell in the few remarks which 1 made yes-
terday upon the resolution which 1 'offered, au-
thorizing the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to employ a clerk until the beginning
of the next session of Congress. I am reported as
