1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
thi-
every Senator, will quiet this agitation beyond the
possibility of any human being to reestablish it ?
Mr. HALE. As these resolutions are very much
modified since they were introduced, and as I now
understand the motion is merely to refer to the
committee the resolutions of the Senators from
Kentucky and Tennessee, I move to refer them to
the Committee on the Territories. I believe that
has precedence over a select committee; and on
that motion I ask the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion has
priority.
Mr. CLAY. Is the motion in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. I think it is.
Mr. CLAY. 1 think not. The pending; ques-
tion is on the amendments offered by the Senator
from Missouri. After that has been decided, then
the Senator from New Hampshire may move as
he has, but until then he is not in order.
Mr. HALE. I desire to suggest, that it is com-
petent to refer the resolutions and amendments to
the Committee on the Territories. My motion is to
do that; and 1 think it will be found m order, under
the 35th rule of the Senate. It is not necessary
that the amendments should be adopted. It is
enough tlicit they are simply proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Here is amotion
made to commit to a select*committee with instruc-
tions, and it is the impression of the Chair that
these instructions only relate to that motion; there-
fore, when a Senator moves to refer a subject to a
standing committee, a motion which has priority,
it does not necessarily include the instructions.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will withdraw his amendments, and let us
decide whether this matter shall go to a select or
standing committee.
Mr. I3ENTON. I wish to say a word before
this matter goes further. It is, to reiterate the dec-
laration, that I am doing nothing here to wrong
any person, or to wrong or delay the Senate; and
I am willing to do anything the Senate may de-
sire—to adjourn until to-morrow, and finish the
matter up then, after we have reflected upon what
is best to do, or to go on now.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope we shall notadjourn
until we finish this matter. If we do, it will occu-
py another day.
Mr. BENTON. I have made no motion.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion of Mr. Hale.
Mr. POOTE. 1 have a suggestion to make,
which, perhaps, is unnecessary, as the matter
must be obvious to the whole Senate. The great
object of the committee of thirteen was to embody
a moral influence in favor of some plan of settle-
ment which it is hoj>ed may have a good effect
here and elsewhere, and that is not to be attained
by referring this matter to the Territorial Com-
mittee. It was supposed that a report from «
committee of thirteen of the .most distinguished
men of this body—I speak without indelicacy, for
I have expressly declined being on the committee
myself—would have the most beneficial moral in-
fluence. It would not only be a combination of
moral influence, so far as those thirteen gentlemen
were concerned, but also of the whole moral in-
fluence of the committee.
Now, will not such a course have an effect here,
in the other House, and upon the country at large,
of the most beneficial character? And wilt it not
enable Senators and members of the other House
to vote more boldly, and resolutely, and safely,
for measures perhaps somewhat distasteful, as
they might have reason to suppose, to their con-
stituents, when they are authorized and enabled to
declare that they voted as they did upon the coun-
sel and example of distinguished gentlemen, whose
reputation and influence pervade the whole land.
Mr. DICKINSON. I, suppose this motion of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire car-
ries the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
with it. He has the right to move thus to carry
the amendment, arid I understood him so to move.
Am I right?
Hr. HALE. I took the amendments on apnn-
ciple of compromise, because they were not with-
drawn. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKINSON. I was going to say that I
should like to vote for the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, with slight modifications. It
is merely reaffirming the Constitution; and I think
it is about time that it was reaffirmed. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEMENS. I shall vote against this
motion, because, like the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, I want to vote on the proposition submitted
by the Senator from Missouri. I think that Sena-
tor will find he is mistaken, and that the Senate is
not so unanimous as he supposes. At all events,
I desire to put the matter to the test, and then I
am ready to move to lay the whole matter on the
table.
The motion to refer the whole subject to the
Committee on the Territories was rejected, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Brailbtiry, Chase,
Clarke, Oonvm, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge
of Iowa, Dorisje of Wisconsin, F'.lcb, Greene, Hale, Ham-
lin, Jones, Miller, Phelp^, Seward, Shields, Smith, Upllam,
and Walker—<33.
NAY-^—Messrs. Atchison, Rnflser, Belt, Borland, Bright,
Bnller, Cass, Clay, Clemens. Ddvi-i of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Douglas, Downs, Fonte, Hunter, King, Manyum,
Mason, Morton, Pearce, Piatt. Rusk, Seha-lian, s:iu!6,
Spruance, Turney, Underwood, Wales, Webster, WJiit-
comb, and Yulee—31.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CLAY. I recur, sir, to the first impression
I had with regard to disposing of these proposed
instructions. 1 will not go through the whole of
them, but m order to make myself more clearly
understood, I will read a portion. It now stands:
" Provided, That nothing in tlm reference shall be con-
strued to authorize fhe said committee to ,tak<' into consid-
eration anything that relates to Htherof the four following
subjects : 1st, the abolition of slavery within the States.."
This is sufficient for my purpose. Now, if we
rote against these instructions, which I for one am
prepared to do—for I am noteasily alarmed at any
erroneous implication-^-if we vote against them, it
will he an implication that we supposed there was
some power, for instance, over the abolition of
slavery in the States, when there is not a member
in this body, I hope, who thus thinks; and the
result may be, to continue ttoe agitation and pro-
duce excitement in regard to individual Senators,
and perhaps to the body. To avoid any such
implication, I propose to modify the several in-
structions of the Senator from Missouri, by making
them read as follows:
" Provided, That unthtnsr in this referpnep shall he con-
strued to assert or imply til*1 existence of any powm what-
ever in Congtess f«'r the abolition of si very within the
RMtrs, nor thr suppi ession of the slave-trade between lite
State*, nor that Confess ought to aholi?h slavery within
the forts, arsenals. do< k-y.irds and navy-yards of the United
State®, nor that Coiiaro* ought to abolMi sldveiy within
the District of Columbia."
I propose this as an amendment to the amend-
ment, of the Senator from Missouri, and have un-
derscored in his amendment what I desire to have
stricken out. Now, in that form I trust we shall
have a vote on it in the Senate to-day, approach-
ing in unanimity that which we* had on another
subject yesterday. Indeed, I do not see how any
Senator can vote against this amendment. I call
for the yeos and nays upon it.
Mr. BENTON. I heard distinctly the amend-
ment all but the last proposition.
Mr. CLAY. It relates to the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BENTON". And says nothing about con-
stitutional power?
Mr. CLAY. No; I worded it so especially,
because there is a difference of opinion on that
subject.
Mr. BENTON. Well, I believe that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky and my own
come to the same point. I believe so.
Mr. CLAY. Will you adopt it, then, if you
agree with me ?
Mr. BENTON. That is what it seems to me,
and approving of my own, 1 do not desire to
waive it.
Mr. CLAY. Ah !
The amendment of Mr. Clay was then read.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask a division of the ques-
tion.
Mr. BENTON. The extreme disposition I
have to get on harmoniously, disposes me to adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky. It
is not, however, as strong as the amendment I
offer. My object is to prevent the committee
taking any jurisdiction of those subjects; the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky permits the
committee to take jurisdiction, and at the same
time denies them the power to do anything.
And while I certainly prefer my own, I can see no
objection to a reference which tells the committee
to do nothing in the world on fhe subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senator from
Missouri understood to acceptthe Amendment of
the Senator from Ketftucky ?. > . /' •"/ •
Mr. BENTON. Why, all, this comes feudally
upon me. It is not so strotfg as my owft.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 3 sirouldlike*
for one, to have as a matter of information
propositions printed and laid on our tables. *
Mr. BENTON. This debate to-duy has b e eft
conducted in a way pleasantto my feelingfe/and f, *
doubt not to the feelings of the Senate. Agitating* -
exciting, and distracting as is the subject, yet
are acting upon it-like a calmn and deliberate
Senate, and i am willing to go home "and sleep
upon it, and come back to-morrow, and finish >i
up harmoniously and understanding^ to all. In-
telligibility and harmony, that is all I wish.
Mr. FOOTE. There are, no doubt, several
Senators who are desirous of postponing and
avoidins action.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President 
M r. CASS. Will the Senator allow me ?
Mr. DAYTON. Pardon me.
Mr. CASS. My desire is merely to move .an
adjournment.
Mr. DAYTON. Pardon me, I will anticipate
the Senator in that pleasure. I only-desire to say
that, according to my understandingof the amend*
meutof the Senator from Kentucky, he ftaschanged •
hi toto the character of the original resolution#,
and reversed, according to my understanding,-the
object proposed by the Senator from -Missouri.
Mr. CLAY, (in his seat.) That is precisely
what I wanted.
Mr. DAYTON. I think obviously there r3
either a misunderstanding on the part of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, or on the part of the Senator
from Kentucky, as to the operation of this amend-
ment; and as it is a matter of some little import-
ance, and the usual hour has long since arrived, I
move an adjournment.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mmpe the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment. Jf so, I will
renew it.
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. DICKINSON. J suppose there is no ne-
cessity of an adjournment to understand this
question. All must perceive at once the difference
between the two amendments. The Senator from
Missouri moves to deny to the committee jurisdic-
tion over certain subjects, not saying whether
Congress has any power over them or not. The
Senator from Kentucky moves to amend -that
amendment by denying the constitutional -power
to act on a part of these -subjects,-and by eayiijg-jjf
the residue that Congress ought riot to £cl:thatis
fall the difference there is between-them. Now, it
is very desirable ^hat this question should be ter-
minated this evening, for if it is not, the result will
be, that all of to-morrow will be consumed in its
consideration. I hope the vote will be taken now.
In order to redeem my pledge to my friend from
New Jersey, I renew the motion to adjourn,
though I shall vote against it, and hope it will be
defeated.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and Ihe mo-
tion to adjourn was rejected.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky; or
is the Senator from Missouri understood to accept
of that amendment?
Mr. BENTON. Yes, sir; it is not so strong as
my own, yetl will accept of it. I am for harmony
and compromise.
Mr. CLAY. Ah! very well.
•'Mr. UP HAM. I ask that the vote may.be
taken on each proposition separately.
Mr. BENTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHASE. The question now ii? understood
to be on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. A great variety of amendments have been
proposed here, upon which we are required to vote
seriatim or altogether, for the purpose of compel-
ling a deliberate expression of this body at this
time and under, these circumstances. Now, I
apprehend that^ the value of an expression-thus
obtained is vastly overrated. .. I have said already
that I do not believe Congress has the constitu-
tional power to legislate on the subject of slavery
in the States. I hold that opinion; but if this
question is forced now, i shall vote against every
on«, of these propositions. Why force it now?
Why force a question here which can turn out in
no profitable result, which can give no satisfaction
