714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
or information to the country, which will benefit
nobody, and which, so far «s the expression of
the opinion of the Senate is concerned, is per-
fectly worthless ? We have changed the whole
character of the subject under consideration. But
a moment since we were discussing whether we
should join California with the territorial bill, and
with some bill for the adjustment of the Texan
boundary; and now, all at once, we have a great
variety of abstract questions put upon us, in re-
gard to the powers of Congress under the Consti-
tution.
Well, if we are to meet these questions, let us
debate them, and debate them fully. Let us not
pass all at once and in a hurry upon questions of
this magnitude. It seems to me every Senator
must now be convinced that this mode of proceed-
ing can result in no practical good. Upon every
practical question every Senator I apprehend is
ready to vote, and give his yea or nay where it
■will count. But we now have no practical ques-
tion before us, and it is perfectly obvious that, if
we persist in the course which seems to have been
marked out, the result will be only delay and con-
fusion. And after all, to-morrow we shall have
the California bill before us, and thus nothing is
gained by anybody, except the excitement and
difficulty of to-day. I move to lay this whole
subject on the table.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. CHASE. Certainly, if you will renew it.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed that every Senator was fully prepared to
vote.on this proposition, aa accepted by the Senator
fron) Missouri. I am perfectly willing and ready
to vote for any one of them. I had no objection
to them in their original form, except that I thought
it would rather embarrass and retard our ultimate
action.
Sir, I was gratified to perceive in the Senator
from Missouri that spirit of cordiality and sense of
public duty, in regard to the adjustment of all these
questions, in which I understood him to accept the
very reasonable propositions (as I conceive them)
contained in the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky. I in the same spirit will vote most
cheerfully for every one of them. 1 stand engaged
to renew the motion to lay on the table; I do it
under that obligation, though I shall vote against it.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the Senator withdraw
it to allow me a word?
Mr. CHASE. Certainly.
Mr. WEBSTER. Here is the difficulty in
voting for the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky. It introduces topics of a very grave
nature, on which one does notyish to be called to
give an opinion which may not be in conformity
with the sentiments of those who place him here,
and which he may do well to consider. Now, the
last proposition in the amendment is, that Congress
ought not to abolish slavery in this District. I do
riot wish to express my opinion upon that subject
until the measure comes before us. I am quite
unwilling, without any opportunity to discuss it
one wif or the other, to affirm or deny the propo-
sition. If it was on the question of constitutional
power upon which we were called to vote, I am
ready to meet the question, and have been for ten
years; but to say whether we ought or not to
exercise that power, it seems to me is inappropri-
ate. The Senator from Kentucky himself, very
properly, when pursuing his own line, confined
his views of the service of the committee to three
topics; and I am not prepared to vote on any other
topics except those.
Mr. CLAY. After what has been said by my
friend from Massachusetts, 1 will conclude one or
two remarks by moving an adjournment, for cer-
tainly I would not press any gentleman to vote
npon any subject to which he has not given a full
consideration. The Senator, however, must re-
member that I should be glad to get rid of all these
obstructions if I could, but the Senator from Mis-
souri proposed a series of instructions which, taken
in the form in which he presents them, would lead
to embarrassment and misconception in the coun-
try. Well, by way of amendment, i have made
a proposition (which he, I am glad to say, has ac-
cepted) containing certain modifications, one of
which is merely the assertion that there is no
power, express or implied, m the Congress of the
United States,, to abolish slavery in the States.
.The other is, that it has no power to suppress the
slave trade between the States—two propositions
upon which I am perfectly sure the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself concur. The third is
neither asserting nor denying the power, but using
language which any gentleman, whether he dis-
putes or admits the power, may very properly, I
think, without any inconsistency vote for—that
is, that Congress ought not to abolish slavery
within the District. I do not say that there is no
such constitutional power; on the contrary, my
opinion is perfectly coincident with that of the
Senator from Massachusetts. I believe Congress
has the power, but I have always said there was,
in the nature of the case, an implied good faith,
that the power which the broadness of the lan-
guage of the Constitution conveyed ought not to
be exercised. That is my view. And so in re-
gard to the forts, arsenals, and dock-yards, &e.,
where some despicable men talk about abolishing
slavery, and where there is none. I suppose the
whole amount of this kind of property would not
amount to more than one hundred acres of land,
and that there are no slaves upon it, except those
who are daily hirelings from time to time, accord-
ing to the exigencies of the public service. But
with this explanation, which I am sure will be
accepted in the amicable spirit in which it is made,
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator withdraw the
motion for a moment? I will renew it.
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. As I stated to-day that I had
agreed with the Senator from Illinois and with
others to vote for taking up the California bill, it
was with the understanding that this whole matter
should be disposed of to-day. But as this plan
has been defeated, and the whole day taken
up in the discussion of the amendments of the
Senator from Missouri, 1 merely rise for the pur-
pose of stating that I am wholly disappointed in
the course of proceeding, though 1 complain not of
the conduct of any gentleman; and that I consider
myself wholly absolved from any arrangement
which has been made; and that I shall act on the
California proposition, when it comes up, as my
judgment shall dictate. In accordance with my
promise, I now move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 19, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday (very long) was read
and approved.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, rose and said
that there were on the Speaker's table a number
of Senate bills, from the Senate, which had been
lying some three or four weeks. He asked that
by unanimous consent they might be taken up
and referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker, whether
the regular business was not the resolution re-
ported yesterday by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] from the Committee on
the Post-Office and Post Roads, in relation to the
mail matter intended for members of the two
houses ?
The SPEAKER, with a remark not heard on
the left of the chair, was understood to state, that
the first question before the House was on the
motion of the gentleman from 'Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] that the House, by unanimous consent,
should proceed to take up the Senate bills on the
Speaker's table with a view to their reference.
The question on that motion was taken, and
having been unanimously agreed to—
The House proceeded to dispose of Senate bills
on the Speaker's table.
The act to amend the several acts establishing
district courts of the United States in the State of
Florida, and to provide for writs of error and ap-
peals from said courts, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The act to enable the corporate authorities of
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, to con-
struct certain works therein mentioned, and for
other purposes, was read a fiist and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution, in relation to the payment
of interest on war bounty scrip, was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The act for the relief of Mary McRae, the
widow of Lieutenant-Colonel William McRae,
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
WIDOW OF THE LATE GENERAL WORTH.
The act for the relief of Margaret L. Worth, the
widow of the late Major-General Worth, was read
a first and second time by its title, with a view to
its commitment.
Mr. WHITE said that there could be no objec-
tion to the bill; and as this was private bill day,
he hoped that it would be put upon its passage.
It merely provided for a pension.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. The bill was
a departure from the general law. It provided a
pension for life, instead of for five years, as under
the general law.
Mr. WHITE made some,remarks which were
inaudible.
The question was taken on the motion to refer
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and re-
sulted on a division—ayes 50, noes 49—no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER stated that it was usual to refer
bill^ of this character to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
Mr. JONES withdrew his motion to refer to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and moved to add
at the end of the bill an amendment, which, with
the bill, he moved to be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions. The amendment was
read, as follows:
" Be it further enacted, That all pensions which have been
granted, or which shall hereafter be granted, to the widow
of any officer, non-commissioned officer, mn.-iciati, or pri-
vate, iii consequence of the death oi the disband of such
widow, while in the military service of the United States,
or ill consequence of the death of the husband of such
widow, in consequence of wounds received or of disease
contracted white in the military service of the United
States, shall be for and during the natural lite of ihe widow
to whom granted, to commence on the day of the death of
the husband.
" Be it further enacted, That the widow of every officer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, or private, whose hus-
band has heretofore died, or shall hereafter die, while in the
military service of the United States, shall be entitled to a
pension of half the monthly pay to which her husband was
entitled at the time of his death, for and during her natural
life, from the date of the death of the husband."
Mr. JONES said heshould also move to amend
the title of the bill by adding the words, "and for
other purposes."
Mr. J. proceeded to remark that he was not in
favor of this bill becoming a law.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a question of order.
It was, that the amendment was not in order, be-
cause the bill was a special Oill for the relief of a
particular individual, while the amendment was a
general proposition.
Mr. JONES. My proposition is 
The SPEAKER'. The gentleman will suspend
his remarks until the point of order of the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Kadfman] has been decided.
Mr. JONES. I want to state my opinion about
th t point of order.
The.SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I should like to know the reason
why it is npt in order. It is upon the same sub-
ject. It only extends the operation of the law to
other persons who may be similarly situated to
the individual provided for in the Senate bill, and
proposes to place them in the same condition.
The SPEAKER. The bill is for the relief of a
particular individual. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] proposes to amend it hy ad-
ding a general clause to cover cases of a similar
character. The Chair is of opinion that it is
neither in order to amend the bill by the addition
of a general clause, nor by providing for the case
of another individual who might be similarly situ-
ated, and had applied for relief. Upon this ground
the Chair rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. JONES. 1 must appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKERstated the decision, and put the
question, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the House ?"
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative without a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the amendment was ruled to be out of
order.
