1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my motion to refer.
I believe thai. the question now is on the engross-
ment of the hill.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. JON ES proceeded with his remarks. The
lull under consideration, he said, proposed special
legislation. It confers a special benefit—a special
privilege upon a particular individual, in direct con-
travention and violation of the general law of this
Government on the subject of pensions. In the
first place, the bill proposed to place upon the pen-
sion roll a widow who, under the general law of
Congress, could not be placed there. In the sec-
ond place,it proposed to give hera higher pension—
almost double the amount of the pension which a
widow of an officer of the army of the United
States was entitled to receive under the general lav/.
In the third place, it proposed, under these cir-
cumstances, to place on the pension roll the name
of a widow during her natural lifetime. The
widows of other officers and soldiers who might,
under the general law, be placed upon the pension
roll, could be placed there only for the period of
five years, and not for so long a time even as
that, if they should marry again. While they
were widows they might, for the period of five
years, be placed upon the pension roll for half of
the pay which their husbands, at the time of their
death, were entitled to receive, provided that no
one should receive more than half the pay of a
lieutenant-colonel. Now, if Major-General Scott,
who was commandcr-in-chief, or the general in
command of our forces in Mexico, had been killed
at the head of his column, while prosecuting that
war 
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed to a point of
order. He was understood to state it to be, that
it was not competent at this time either to go into
a discussion on the bill, or to move an amendment
to it. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] had risen and asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the bills from the
Senate on the Speaker's table, for what purpose ?
For the purpose of reference, and nothing else.
The Chair distinctly put the question on that mo-
tion, and the House gave its consent that the hills
should be taken up and referred. The consent
was given for the special purpose of reference, and
not for the purpose of amending the bills, or of i
debating their merits He (Mr. McC.) asked the
opinion of the Chair on the point of order.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McClernand] was correct in the
statement he had made. The gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] -had asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up the Senate
bills on the Speaker's table, for the purpose of re-
ferring them to the committees. 'The question was
so stated by the Chair, and if any difficulty arose
in the way of amendment or debate, in the opin-
ion of the Chair the bill must take its place in
the business on the Speaker's table, and come up
in its'order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, objected then
(he said) to the consideration of the "bill at this
time.
The SPEAKER. .Then the bill must lie on the
Speaker's table, until it shall come up in the regular
order of business.
Mr. JONES. Suppose this sort of case: sup-
pose thrtt the bill had come up, and no discussion
had arisen—that the House had refused to refer
it, and desired that it should be passed now; must
the bill necessarily have passed without debate, or
have gone upon the Speaker's table? !
The SPEAKER. It is unnecessary for the p
Chair to decide any question except that imme- i
diately before it. It is sufficient for the Chair, J
under the decision which has been made, that i,
debate arose on the bJf^ and objection having j:
been made, the bill must go on to the Speaker's j'
table to be taken up in its regular order. \>
Mr. JONES. There is no rule of the House jj
prohibiting debate upon these subjects. ;|
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not speaking to j|
any rules of the House regulating the business of jj
the House. The Chair is referring to the unani- {!
mous consent which the House had given for a j|
specific object, and decided that the consent thus [j
given for a certain object could not be so construed ji
as to include other objects. If it could, gentlemen !;
would see that it would be impossible to obtain j
the unanimous consent of the House for anything, jj
There was no motion to refer the bill. 11
Mr. JONES. I had the floor. I was entitled
to it. The bill was legitimately before the House,
and I was speaking to the question of engross-
ment.
The SPEAKER. No objection was made at
the outset of the gentleman's remarks, but objec-
tion was subsequently made, that debate was in
violation of the object for which the House had
given its consent.
Mr. JONES. Does not the fact of that ac-
quiescence, in the first instance, waive the point of
order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, anxious that the
committees should be called for reports, would
object, he said, to any business that was out of the
regular order.
Mr. JONES. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not
in order, the bill having gone upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. JONES. I do not understand that sort of
rule.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. JONES. I do appeal.
The SPEAKER stated the question. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] had moved
that the House, by unanimous consent, proceed to
take up and refer the Senate bills on the Speaker's
table; under that consent given, the Speaker had .
laid this bill before the House. No motion had j
been made to refer; and debate having arisen, the j
Speaker had decided that the bill must go on the j
Speaker's table, and that it was now there. Prom i
this decision the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. i
Jones] had appealed; and the question was, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House
Mr. JONES. Is the appeal debatable?
The SPEAKER,. As the question relates to
the priority of business, the appeal is not debata-
ble.
After a brief conversation between Mr. JONES
and the SPEAKER, ,
Mr. PHELPS submitted, as an inquiry to the [
Speaker, whether the gentleman from Tennessee 1
[Mr. Jones] had not, in fact, moved the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions ?
The SPEAKER. Not until the bill had gone ,
on the Speaker's table. ,
Mr. JONES rose, he said, to make an inquiry, !
The SPEAKER said no inquiries were in order. '
Some further conversation followed, between |
Messrs. JONES, COBB, of Alabama, and the i
SPEAKER; after which ,
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair j
stand as the judgment of the House?" was taken, |
and decidcd m the affirmative. i
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed. !
And the bill went on to the Speaker's table, and ;
will come up in the regular order ol business. ■
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve !
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Private i
Calendar. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted that [
the morning hour had not expired. j
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, desired the .
Speaker to state, if the motion to go into commit- i
tee should be rejected, what the regular order of i
business would be—whether it would not be the i
call of the committees for reports? J
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative,
and stated that the unfinished business in that
order would be the re&olution pending at the ad- ,
journment of the House yesteiday, in relation to ;
congressional mail matter.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired of the Speaker
jphether a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union would be in
order?
The SPEAKER said it would be in order, but '
that, as this was private bill day, the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Thomas]
would have the priority. (
The question was then taken on the motion of j
Mr. Thomas, and was decided in the affirmative—
ayes 75, noes 50. !
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR. i
So the House resolved itself into Committee of1;
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Kauf- <\
man of Texas in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of bills on the Private Calendar.
NICOLL AND CLINCH.
And the bill first in order was the bill for the
relief of Solomon T. Nicoii and James Clinch, of
the city of New York.
And the pending question was on the motion
heretofore made by Mr. Thomas, that the said *
bill be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. ^
[The bill was under discussion when the House
was last in committee on the Private Calendar,
when bills of this character were debatable. A
full statement of the facts and circumstances of the
ca&e was at that time given in the " Daily Globe,"
in connection with the current debate thereon.]
Mr. THOMAS remarked that it was not his in-
tention to detain the committee for more than a few
moments upon the motion which he had hereto-
fore made, that the bill be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass. After
recapitulating the general tacts and circumstances
connected with the contract for naval stores, out of
which the present claims had arisen, he said that
there was one point, in addition to the others pre-
sented by him on a former day, to which he de-
siied to call the particular attention of the com-
mittee. It was this, that all contracts for supplies
for the navy, were made by the Bureau of Provi-
sions and Clothing. The navy agents had no au-
thority to make such contracts. The (bureau had
not been so much as informed that Nicoll &Co. had
furnished the tea, for which payment was asked,
until bills for payment were forwarded, in proof
of this, he would read, for the information of the
committee, a brief extract from the letter of Gid-
eon Wells, which was in the words following:
<£ The bureau was subsequently informed by Messrs.
Nicoii & Co., that this ted had been furnished by thfm tor
Mr. Mason : butaMhe bureau does not recognize sub-con-
traeiors or thu d parties, the knowledge of tins fact, had n
been earlier communicated, would not have influenced its
action."
Now, he (Mr. T.) wished to know whether
Congress was thus to be called upon to settle dis-
putes between sub-contractors and their princi-
pals? Was Congress to take these matters from
the hands of the bureaus, in which the law had
placed them, and to constitute themselves a court
of leferees, or arbitrators, to adjust disputes of
this description ?
Mr. SWEETSER desired, he said, to put an
inquiry to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Thomas.]
Mr. THOMAS yielded the floor.
Mr. SWEETSER desired to inquire whether
the contract for the supply of the tea had not been
limited to a particular time, whether that time
had not expired, and whether the tea was not
furnished independently of the contract? Such was
his (Mr. S.'s) understanding of the case.
Mr, THOMAS said that he did not so under-
stand the facts. He had not, however, looked
with any particular scrutiny into dates; and even if
the facts were such as the gentleman from Ohio -
[Mr. Sweetser] had intimated, he (Mr. T.) ap-
prehended that it was not material to the issue.
Mason was to supply the tea for a certain time
under a contract. If the requisition was not made
until some five or ten days after the contract had
expired, and the party then chose to deliver the
article, who had any right to complain? The Bu-
reau of Provisions and Clothing, to whom, as he
had said before, the matter properly belonged,
had settled the question. The Attorney-General
had decided it. It had been decided in accordance
with the practice in all other cases. Should this
House now disturb that decision? or had gentle-
men given so thorough an investigation to the
cafe, that, upon their own knowledge of the facts,
they were prepared to overrule a decision thus
made and fortified? If so, let them overrule it.
But let them be very sure of the ground upon
which they stood, before they undertook to estab-
lish a precedent which might hereafter be brought
to bear upon all the contracts into which the Gov-
ernment ♦might enter for the supplies of the sev-
eral branches of the public service.
Mr. SWEETSER expressed his determination
to support the bill. The contract, according to
his views of the question, had expired before this
tea was purchased by Mason. It was a contract
for a limited time, and that time having expired,
the contract was only referred to for the purpose
