1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
question, he (Mr. B.) desired to make
tion.
Mr. DUER adhered to his motion.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, desired to call the
attention of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Matteson] to his own resolution.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could only
be indulged by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and the vote was declared
to be—ayes 65, noes 35.
No quorum voting.
Tellers were asked and appointed, (Messrs.
Cobb of Alabama, and Calvin of Pennsylvania.)
The question was then again taken, and declared
to be—ayes 82, noes 25.
Still no quorum voting.
Mr. HALL moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The question on that motion was taken and de-
cided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion that there be a call of the House, and
was decided in the negative.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then again recurred, and was
taken (by the same tellers) on the demand for the
previous question, and the vote stood—ayes 84,
noes 20.
Still no quorum voting.
Mr. KAUFMAN said that the committee of
investigation was no doubt anxious to proceed
with us duties, and as the House would not be in
session to-morrow, and as it was yet early, he
would move that there be a call of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the yeas
and nays on that motion, which were ordered, and
being taken, were—yeas 65, navs 74.
So a call of the House was again refused.
The question then again recurred on the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. DUER said that he had moved the pre-
vious question under the supposition that no gen-
tleman desired to offer any amendment, and be-
cause he thought that the House might perhaps
be led into a debate, which would be evidently
improper, upon the merits of a subject which was
now befoie a committee of the House. If any
gentleman wished to offer amendments to the
resolution, or substitutes for it, he would waive
his motion to enable them to do so withcutdebate.
That object having been effected, he should renew
the demand for the previous question.
So the previous question was withdrawn that
amendments might be Offered.
Mr. DUER then yielded the floor to
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, who said he concur-
red in the opinion expressed by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Duer,] that it would be
improper to debate the subject at this time. He
(Mr. H.) desired to offer a substitute for the ori-
ginal resolution, which he thought would embrace
everything that was essential.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed by this
Hou*e, in relation to the Galphm claim, he in tructed to
make fail mvMiarUion, and report to tins House the origin j
and nature of said el dim, the eiicumstances attending it* i
prosecution betoie the depaitments of the Government, the j
names* of the agents who have so prosecuted and urged the !
game, the amount paid on said claim, both of interest and i
pnneipjl, and whether the same ha? necu p.tid in confoim- j
lty with law or prpcrjd'-nt— the names of the individual* to j
whom the money has been paid, and the amount received j
by each; the interests of the persons so receiving said )
money m said claim ; and how said interest in s-aid claim
has otinitiated to each of said persons; and that they have
power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. DUER then resumed the floor, but again
yielded to &
Mr. MATTESON, who said that he moved
to strike out all after the word " resolved" in the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moore,] and to insert what he sent to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER said that in that form the j
amendment would not be in order. The gen- |
tlenmn from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moore] had i
offered a resolution. The gentleman from Illinois |
[Mr. Harris] had offered an amendment. The j
only amendment now in order, would be an j
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. MATTESON said he would then waive
his proposition, so as to allow a vote to be taken
on the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Matteson,]
that if the amendment is offered as an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
and it should he adopted, the question would then
recur on adopting his [Mr. Matteson's] amend-
ment in lieu of the original proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moore.] The
gentleman from New York, therefore, could attain
his object as well by offering his proposition as
an amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from lljmois, as by offering it as an amendment
to the original resolution.
Mr. MATTESON then offered his amendment,
which was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the said committee, appointed hy the
Speaker upon the application of the Secretary of War be,
and they aie hereby, authorized and directed to fully inves-
tigate ail the circumstances connected with lhe passage of
the bill autiioiizing the payment o[ the Galphm claim, and
also, all the ciicumstances and facts connected with the
payment of the principal and interest on Mich claim; and
that they fully report whether,and upon what legal opinion,
the paj ment of interest was made ; and whether such opin-
ion oveuuled the action of the Comptroller of the Trea<uty;
and that said committee have power to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. DUER suggested to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Moore] so to modify his res-
olution as to include all matters and things perti-
nent to the said inquiry. If the House should
now go on to define what these matters and things
were, there would be no end (Mr. D. said) to the
propositions which might be offered. The state-
ment of one thing would bung on the statement of
another, and soon without limit.
Mr. MOORE was understood to express his
willingness to modify the resolution.
Mr. HARRIS said that he was willing to accept
the modification of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Mattkson] so far as related to the prosecu-
tion of the claim before Congiess. In that respect
only was the gentleman's proposition an addition to
his (Mr. H.'s) own.
Mr. MOORE said he was willing to modify his
resolution so as to include all other matters and
circumstances pertinent to the inquiry.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
point of order. It was this—whether the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moore] had aright
to modify his resolution while a morion was pend-
ing to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has the right.
Mr. MOORE modified his amendment.
Mr. VINTON called for the reading of the
several propositions as they now stood.
And they were read.
Mr. DUER now rose and renewed his demand
for the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. CROWELL asked the Speaker to state the
question.
The SPEAKER stated the question. The first
question would be on the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Mai tesok]
to the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harris,] which amendment to the amend-
ment was read, as insetted above.
Mr. HARALSON desired to inquire of the j'
Speaker whether the amendment did not propose j:
to go back into an investigation of the conduct of j
the last Conijre^s? J
The SPEAKER said no inquiries could be en- !
tertained at this tune i
Mr. HARRIS said he desired to say one word I
by way of explanation of his proposition. !
No objection having been made, j
Mr. HARRIS said that he had made a verbal j
change since he had offered his amendment. It j
was merely a correction of an irregularity in the !
language. jj
The SPEAKER said the change being merely !j
verbal, the proposition would be again reported |i
to the House. y H
And Mr. Harris's amendment was then read
as modified, and as inserted below, on the final
action. i
And the original resolution of Mr. Moore, as
modified, was then again read, as follows: "*
Resolved, That the select committee, appointed on the 3d
instant, be authoiued to inquire into all the circumstances
attending the allowance and payment of the principal'and
interest on the Galphm claim, under the act of August 14,
1*48, all other tacts and circumstances pertinent to the
subject-matter of inquiry, and that they have power to send
for persons and papers.
The question was then stated to be on the
amendment of Mr. Matteson.
Mr. CARTTER asked the ayes and nays;
which were refused.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative without a division.
So the amendment of Mr. Matteson to the
amendment of Mr. Harris was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Harris to the original resolution of Mr.
Moore.
Mr. RUMSEY was understood to suggest to
the mover of this amendment [Mr. Harris] so to
modify it as to'include an inquiry into the origin
and nature of the said claim.
Mr. HAYMOND inquired if the amendment
had been changed?
The SPEAKER. Not since it was last reported
to the House. But it will be again read.
And the amendment was again read.
And the question on the said amendment was
then taken and decided in the affirmative without a
division.
So the amendment of Mr. Harris was agreed
to.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the adoption of the resolution of Mr. Moore', as
thus amended, and it wus decided m the affirma-
tive without a division.
So it was
Resolved, That the select committee appointed by this
in relation to the Galphm claim, be instructed to
make full investigation, and report to this House theoiigtn
and nature of said chum, the circumstances attending its
prosecution before the department* of the Government, and
the parage of the bill authorizing the pa} ment of paid
claim, the names of thy agents who have &o pioseeuted and
urged the «arn(j,th<5 amount paid on said claim, both of in-
terest and principal, and whether the same has been paid
in conformity with law, or precedent—the names of the in-
dividuals to whom tin: money ha*, been paid, and tile amount
i received by each; the interests of the persons so receiving
1 said money inlaid claim, and how said interest in said
claim ha* originated to each of said persons, and all mat-
ter-, in anywise pertinent to the inquiry, and timt ihey have
power to send for persons and papers.
The House then adjourned till Monday next.
PETITION'S, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, <&c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Dy Mr. JULIAN; The petition of72citizens of Fayette
couniy, Indiana, praying Congress to refuse the admission
of any more edave Slates into the Union.
Also, the pennon of 70 citizens of the same countvand
State, praying Congre&s to provide a tiial by jury m belialf
of peisous cl umcd as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of 74 citizens of the same county and
State, praying Congress to prohibit the existence of slavery
and the slave-trade in all the territories of the Uuited
States.
Also, the petition of 67 citizens of the «ame county and
State, praying Congress to repeal all laws by which slavery
or the slave-trade is authorized m the District of Columbia,
or in default of such repeal, that the teat ot the National
Government mav be removed.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of James Paxne and 143
oiln-r-j ciuzMisoi Tiverton, Rhode bland, piaving lor the re-
diu tton of postage  o two erM> on prepaid h'Uer*.
Also, lhe petition ot William C. Chapm, and S. S. Af-hlev,
and others, citizens ot Tiverton, Rhode Island, prajiiig lor
the reduction of posiaqe on prepaid let ers to two cents.
By Mr. ROBINSUN : The petition of 'J\ I). Hedriefc and
2-29 others, citizens ot Laurel, Fiaukhn Counts, Indiana.
pia>in  Congress 10 pass a law granting one hundred ana
si\t\ aoiesof hind to nchnl settlers ori the public domain.
B\ Mr. BINGHAM : The petition of Abel T. Filch and
KU other eiuzt n.- ol the township of Leoni, State of Michi-
gan, piajuuj that slavery and the slave trade may be ex-
pres*h prohibited in the territories 01 the United States.
Also, the petition of Abel T. Fitch and 107 other citizens of
the >aine township, against the admission of any State here-
after into the Union unless slavery is expressly prohibited
in her constitution.
Also, the petition of Abel T. Fitch and 102 other citizens of
the township aforesaid, asking that provision be made plant-
ing a trial by jury to persons claimed as fugitive slaves.
Also, the petition of Abel T. Fitch and 105 others, for the
repeal of all laws sustaining slaver} and the slave hade iq
the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of A. Oidfield, Enos Goodrich, ard 77
other citizens ot Atlas, in the State of Michigan, prawny thai
slavery and the slave trade mav be expjessly probilmt it by
law m ail the territories ot the United State- ; ami al-o tHu
a trial by jury may be gianied to pet sons claimed as fugitive
slaves.
Also, the petition of Robert Garner and 50 other citizens
