1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question, " Will the House second the de-
mand for the previous question ? was taken.
The SPEAKER, announced ayes 82, noes 70.
Mr. HUBBARD called forteliers.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Featherston and Duncan were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported ayes 89, noes 79.
So there was a second.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. PHELPS. The first question, I believe,
is on the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
I move to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. MORSE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question being:, " Shall the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table?"
Mr VENABLE stated that he had paired off
with the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hal*
lowat,] at his request, for this day; he therefore
declined to vote.
Mr. DANIEL stated that he had paired off for
the day with one of his colleagues, [Mr. Shep-
herd,] who was too much indisposed to remain
in his scat,
Mr. KAUFMAN slated that he had paired off
with the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Newell.]
Mr. OWEN stated that he had paired off with
the gentleman from Ofiio, [Mr. Olds.]
Mr. RICHARDSON having also paired off,
voted inadvertently, and was allowed to withdraw
his vote.
The question, " Shall the whole subject be laid
upon the table?" was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 93, nays 94; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Booth, Bowdon, Bovvlm, Boyd, AJbert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, Gnorge A. Caldwell,
CarUtr, Cleaveland, Clingman, W. R. W. Gobb, Coleock,
Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Edyiundson, Ewing,
Featherston, Pitch, Puller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Hibbaid, Hoaglarid, Holladay, Holmes, Howard,
Hubbard, inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andew Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La Sere,
Leffier, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClemand, Mc-
Donald, McDowell, MeLanahan, McMullen, McQueen,Mc-
Willie, Meade,Miller,Mdlson, Moriis, Morse, Oir, Outlaw,
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Robiuson, Ross,
Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fredeiick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, Wood-
Ward. and Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bennett. Bokee, Breck, Brings, Brooks:,
Burrows, < hestcr Butler,Thomas B. Butler, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole,
Coiwin, Crow -U, Deberrv, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan,
Eliot, Alexander Evans, Narhan Evans, Fowler, Freedley,
Gentry, Giddirtffs. Gilmore, Gott,Gould, Giinnell, Hampton,
Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, HiUiard, Houston, Howe,
Hunter, William T. Jackson, James L. Johnson, KenyG.
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Horace Mann, Mar-
shall. Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock. Finis E McLean,
Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Otis,
Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Robbins, Root, Rose, Rum-
sey, Saekett, Scherick. Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silves-
ter, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander Stephens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens, Tavlor, James Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck,
Underbill, Vinton, Walden, Watkms, White, and Wil-
liams—94.
So the House decided that the whole subject
should not be laid on the table.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
substitute amendment of Mr. Vinton.
Mr. FEATHERSTON inquired whether it
would now be in order to move a call of the House?
The SPEAKER said the "motion was not in or-
der, the previous questioq having been seconded.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
The question, " Shall the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] be agreed to?"
was taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 93,
nays 96; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashmun, Baker, Bennett, Bokee, Breck, Bnggs, Brooks,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Camp-
bell, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cole, Corwin, Crowell,
Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Na-
than "Evans, Fowler, Freodley, Gentry, Gilmore, Gott,
Gould, Grinpell, Hampton, Flay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry,
Hilhard, Housion, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson,
James L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson, Mc-
Gaughey, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Meacham, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle. Otis, Pho?mx, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Robbins, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Schenck, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Sprague,
Stanfy, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong,
Taylor, James Thompson, John B.Thompson, Thurman,
Toombs, Tuck, Underhill, Vinton, Watkins, White, and
Williams--93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alberstson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Booth, Bowdon, Bowiin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Catye, George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, William-
son R. 'W. Cobb, Colcock, Deberry, Dimmick, Disney, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch,
Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson,
Harlan, [-ham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Hibbard. Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard,
Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La Sere,
Leffier, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand, McDon-
ald, McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Mc-
Willie,Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Orr, Parker,
Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Robinson, Ross, Savage,
Sawtelle, Seddon, Frederick P. Sianton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, Wood-
ward, and Young—96.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
original resolution reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means—
Mr. BROOKS, Mr. NELSON, and others de-
manded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the resolution.
It was read.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, desired to
make one inquiry. Had not the question been
taken upon the amendment, and had not the
original resolution been stricken out?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on. the
table was put and rejected; the question recurred
on agreeing to strike out the resolution of the com-
mittee, and to insert, in lieu thereof, the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,} as a substitute. That, motion was re-
jected. The question now is upon agreeing to the
original resolution of the committee.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment of Mr. Vinton had been
rejected, and to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays on laying the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. PHELPS withdrew his motions.
The question, Will the House concur in the
report of the committee?" was taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 91, nays 93; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Albert G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable,George A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Clingman, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Disney, Dunham, Durkee,
Edmundson, Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gor-
man, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, [sham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris,, Hibbard, Hoaglaml, Holladay,
Howa d, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La
Sere, Leffier, Littlefield, Job Mann, Mt«on, McCleriiand,
McDonald, McDowell, McLmnhan, McMullen, McQueen,
McWilhe, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morns, Morse, Orr,
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Robin-
son, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddon, F, P. Stanton, R. H.
§tauton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Waldo, Wal-
lace, Wellborn, VVlnttlesej, Wildrick, Wood, Woodward,
and Young—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Anderson,
Andrews, Ashmun, Baker, Bennett. Bokee, Brigs?^, Brooks,
Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Casey,
Chandler,- Clarke, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, D:ckey, Dixon,
Doty, Duncan, Lhot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Fowler, Freedlev, Gentry, Gilmore, Gott, GouH, Grirmell,
Hampton, Hav, Havmond, Hebard, Henry, Hilliaid, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, James L.John-
son, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A. King,
H. Mann, Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, F.
E. McLean, Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
Ogle, Otis', Outlaw, Pbcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Rob-
bins, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett, Schenck, Schernifr-
horn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander H.
Stephens. Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Taylor, James Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Tuck, Under-
hill, Vinton, Watkms, White, and Williams—93.
So the House refused to concur in the report.
Mr. BROOKS moved a reconsideration of the
vote, for the purpose, he said, if that motion should
prevail, of offering the following resolution: -
„ Resolvedy That a committee of seven be appointed to sit
during the receso, and to inquire into the operation of the
existing tariff system, with all the facts relating thereto or
connected therewith, and that they report the same, the en-
suing session of Congress, to the House.
And that said committee have power to summon wit-
nfsses to take testimony, or to incur such expenses as they
may deem indispensably lieccssary to obtain informauon.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. BROOKS proceeded to speak. I
Mr. RICHARDSON interposed to a point of
order; but, upon an explanation by the Speaker,
did not press it.
Mr. BROOKS remarked, that the resolution ex-
plained itself. It merely proposed to raise a com-
mittee which should be permitted to sit during the
recess, to consider and report upon the subject.
It committed the House to no particular course of
action, but left the subject open to investigation.
He demanded the previous question."
Mr. B. subsequently, however, withdrew the
demand for the previous question at the request of
Mr. BAYLY, who said he would, after a si/jg^
remark, renew it.
Mr. B. stated, that he should oppose this reso-
lution, and he should detain the Hou^e with but
one consideration in regard to it. If such a com-
mittee as this was raised, he said it was perfectly
certain that no one could serve upon it except gen- "
tlemen from the cities and towns. AH of us, said
he, who represent the agricultural interests, and
are engaged in the business of farming or plant-
ing, are compelled, after a long session such as
this has been, to go home and look after their pri-
vate affairs. The result will be, if such a commit-
tee be raised—the result will be, as I have said, that
no one representing the agricultural interests can
serve upon it. After having been absent from
home for such a length of time, it was absolutely
necessary that he should return home and look after
his private affairs; and such, he had nodoub't, would
be the case with every farmer and planter. He
renewed the demand for the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BROOKS asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The SPEAKER, in reply to inquiries from sev-
eral quarters, explained the state of the question,
and said that the only question before the House
was on laying the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. ASHMUN. If the vote should be recon-
sidered, will it not then be in order for the gentle-
man from New Yoik [Mr. Brooks] to offer hia
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. If the vote should be recon-
sidered, the subject will be open to amendment, as
it was originally.
The question, Shall the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the tab!e? was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 93, nays 92; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alber$?on, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bissell, Booth, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, A. G. Brown,
William J. Brown, Buel, Joseph Cable, G. A. i aldwell, J. „
P. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland. Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, .Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Ewing,
Ffatherston, Fitch, Puller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, I. G. Harris S. W. Harris, T.
L. Harris, Hibhard, Hoasland, Holladay, Holmes, Howard,
Hubbard, fnge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, R. W.
Johnson, Jones., Preston King, La Sere.Leffler, Littlefield,
Jolt Mann, Mason, McClernand, Mi Donald, McDowell,
McMullen, McQueen, McWilJie, Meade, Miller, Millson,
Morris, Morse, Orr, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Robm^on, Ross, Savage, Sawtelle, Seddo ,F. P. Stanton,
R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Wat
den, Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashmun, Benneit, Bokee, Breck, Brsggs, Biooks, Burrows,
Chester Butler,Thomas B. Butler, Calvin,Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Ciarke, Cole, Corwin, Ciowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Dixon, D> ty, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
| Evans, Fowlei, Freedley, Gentry, Gilmore, Gott, Gould,
j Grmnell, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hebard, Henry, Hil-
i hard, Houston, Howe, William T. Jack>on, James ii.
I Johnson, Ken, G. G. King, J. G, King, J. A. Kine, H. Mann,
i Marshall, Matteson, McGaughey, McKissock, McLauahan,
1 F. K.McLean, Meacham, Moor**,Morehead, Morion, Nelson,
Ogle, Otis, Outlaw, Phoenix, Pitman, Putnam, Robbins,
Reed, Risley, Rose, feumsey, Saeke t, Schenck, Schermer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Alexander H.
Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Taylor, James'1 homp-
son, John B. Thompson,Thurman,Tuck,Underhill, Vinton,
Watkins, White, and Williams—92.
So the motinn to reconsider was laid on the ta-
ble, and the subject was thus disposed of.
THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the House proceed
to business on the Speaker's table.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to take up the pri-
vate bills on the Speaker's table. Friday and Sat-
urday are, by the rules, set apart for the eonsider-
atian of private business. If we intend to do
anything in private business, before Congress ad-
journs, we should commence it lo-day. There are
several bills from the Senate, of a private charac-
ter, upon the Speaker's table. X hope they wili be
taken up.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. It is Sat-
urday; we cannot get at private bills. I move that
the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and
The SPEAKER announced—ayes 67, noes 74.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
McQ.ce.en and Casey were appointed.
