1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cult to get there. There is a large portion of the
country in which they have to travel, through
which no carriage or wagon can go, and where
they must travel on pack mules. Provisions must
be high there. And I will say to the Senate that,
as soon as prices come down, I shall be in favor
of reducing salaries. 1 shall be always ready to
reduce salaries the moment it can be done with
safety to the public interest. At present, I am
confident that you cannot get competent and able
men to perform the duties which will be imposed
on the Indian agents in California for less than
$3,000 and their traveling expenses.
Mr. RUSK. I have no difficulty in voting this
salary of $3,000, and no difficulty, in addition to
that, if the law does not at present authorize it, in
providing for paying their mileage. It is a matter
of vast importance that the first intercourse we
have with the Indians in this new country, shoUftd
be done with an understanding of all their rights,
and with an understanding of their habits and
laws, and therefore, it seems to me that the persons
to be appointed should not lie of the character of
Indian agents generally, but that men should be
selected having knowledge and capacity to un-
derstand (which is a very difficult matter, and one
of vast importance) the Mexican and Spanish legis-
lation and laws upon this subject. Their laws
are not readily accessible. It is a difficult matter to
hunt them up; and I apprehend that it will be
found also that the same regulations do not apply
to all the tribes of Indians. Some are regarded as
wandering tribes, and others as settled—the Pue-
blos for instance, which have more rights than
others. Under all the circumstances, as this is the
commencement of our intercourse with the In-
dians of that section of the country, it is a matter
of importance that all the promises and treaties
which we make should be made with a full under-
standing of all the circumstances of the case, as it
will necessarily control our future policy in regard i
to these Indians. For these reasons, and taking
into account the expense of living in California, I
do not think $3,000 at all too much.
Mr. BELL. I en tea tain a different view of this
question from that contained in the proposition be-
fore the Senate, or from that which other gentlemen
seem to take, judging from what has fallen from
them. I wish to ask the attention of the Senators
from California to the views which I take on this
subject, that they may see whether those views
are not entitled to some consideration. My opin-
ion is, that the agents are not the proper persons
to form treaties with these Indian tribes. I think
there is no sound policy in making a provision for
that purpose, and in fixing a higher salary with
that object. If the Indian character be in that
country the same as we find it to be in other parts
of the continent subject to our jurisdiction, the
agent would have very little control over the In-
dians, if, having the power to make an arrange-
ment with them, or enter into an agreement on the
part of the Government, either to extend or cur-
tail what they believe to be their rights m the ter-
ritory, or in restricting the compensation for the
relinquishment of their rights, we do not deal with
a most liberal justice. If the Indians find they
iiave not been well and liberally dealt with, the
agents will not he likely to continue their con-
trol over them; so that there is a tendency always
acting upon the mind of an efficient officer of the
Government to make them more large and liberal
terms than they would otherwise do, in order to
maintain their control,''and to preserve a kindly
diposition and an amicable temper on the part of
the Indians towards the population and locality in
which they may be placed. Again, sir, after you
have once appointed for the Indians tribes their
different localities, and they are directed by the
Executive to take up their several positions, the
Executive cannot appoint agents to have con-
trol over those matters—I care not how high
may be the inducement— who will not be likely to
form business interests, and have friends there, so
that influences will be brought to bear that do not
leave the agent precisely in that position of impar-
tiality which is desirable in making a final arrange-
ment with these Indians for the relinquishment of
their claims. It seems to me that commissioners
should not be appointed at all, until, through agents,
the Government has ascertained the true state of
things, and the extent and nature of the claims
of the Indians,and the foundation on which they
rest. When the President shall have been fully in-
formed upon these points, f think it will be found
most proper and discreet to appoint commissioners
who have not been resident in the country, and
who will make wise and judicious arrangements,
looking to the interests of the Indians and of the
whole country gather than to private and local in-
terests. It has been stated to me by the Senator
from California [Mr. Fremont] that there are
50,000 Indians within the limits of tha| State,
many of whom have never been subject to the au-
thority of the Spanish Government but are what
we should consider quite wild and savage on this
side of the Rocky Mountains. Now, when we
shall have appointed agents who will obtain all the
information they can, and present it to the Pres-
ident, it may then be thought advisable to have an
early understanding by treaty with the Indians.
But my point is, that I think the agents are not the
proper persons to treat. They are the proper per-
sons to gain the confidence of the Indians, and ob-
tain all the information within their reach, and
present it to the Executive,and then if the Presi-
dent thinks it expedient and proper to authorize
the agents to treat with the Indians, he can do it;
or he can appoint commissioners for that pur-
pose.
As to the proposition to increase the salary:
$3,000 may be a small salary in that country, con-
sidering the state of things there, but it strikes me
that it is unnecessarily high. I cannot suppose
that prices there will continue for more than a year
or two as high as they now are. They will find
their level, and come down to a reasonable stand-
ard, and will form some relation to prices here,
when our intercourse with California shall he
more regular and speedy; though I have no doubt
that for some time to come they will be higher
than they are on this side of the continent. With
these views, I think the salary suggested by the
Senator from Missouri high enough. If these
agents are made commissioners to treat with the
Indians, and their experience and ability shall de-
mand a higher salary, we can award it to them at
a proper time. I doubt whether any commission-
ers will be appointed until full information is ob-
tained. As to compensation for expenditures
or the cost of provisions, the Government bears
that now without any regulation of law. I be-
lieve twenty cents a mile is the usual rate allowed
for traveling expenses; but it is entirely discretion-
ary with the department. I believe that under the
present regulation their expenses in going there
would not be paid; and it might be well enough to
stipulate, that if the salary is reduced below $3,000,
those expenses of going out there shall be paid
also.
Mr. GWIN. In the first place, I think these
agents ought to be located in the country, so that
their travel may be as little as possible. I am
against paying mileage to agents or officers of the
Government; because if the mileage is too small
they will not travel enough, and if it is too large
they will travel too much. 1 want to pay a fair
salary, and no more; and for the present I think
the salary should not be less than I have sug-
gested. Did I understand the Senator from Ten-
nessee to say that these agents are to be fed by the
Government,at their agencies?
Mr. BELL. No, sir; I said no such thing; but
I said that certain expenses attending their duties
were paid. For example, if they are made com-
missioners to treat with the Indians, the commis-
sioners are paid the expenses of traveling to and
from the place of treaty. The agents are not paid
anything but their salaries, except the necessary
expenses attending disbursements, the distribution
of presents, &c.
Mr. GWIN. I can say to the Senator that in the
region of country where the Indian agents will be
compelled to reside no man can live for less than
$3,000. As to the expenses of transporting the
agents, I am opposed to that, bccause I want them
appointed in the country. I do not want any pro-
vision for the sending out of agents. There are
p'enty of competent men in the country to fill the
offices; but I feel confident, and I speak from my
knowledge of the country, that you cannot get
competent men to fill the agencies for less than
$3,000 and mileage. Any fair and proper com-
pensation for extra services it is competent for the
department to provide for, but I wish the salary to
be fixed.
Mr. HALE. This matter is taking up the
whole of the morning hour, and is not likely soon
to be disposed of. I will therefore m&ve to lay it
on the table at present, and it can be called up
again at the close of the morning hour.
Mr. BELL. I think it had better be disposed
of now. It is asimportantas any business we caa
be engaged in.
The motion to.postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I wish to say, in reply to the re-
mark of the Senator from California in reference
to the traveling expenses of going there, that some-
times the Government does send these agents from
a distance, but it never pays their traveling expens-
es. But, if they should be sent from this country
to California, I think their traveling expenses
should be paid, in addition to their salary. As*?
there being in California gentlemen competent to
perform these duties, I do not doubt. There are
doubtless there many gentlemen of ability, talent,
and intelligence, willing to accept of the office for
an adequate compensation; but I doubt very much
whether it is our true policy to appoint gentlemen
who are there, and who have interests in the
country, even as Indian agents. However, of that
the Executive i3 to judge. I have not myself any
decided opinion on the subject. I do not doubt
the statement of my friend from California as to
the expense of living where the Indians now are
located; and if the agents should be required to
settle there and to furnish their own subsistence, I
presume that $3,000 would not be a large compen-
sation. I doubt much whether you would find
any man of the proper ability, in California or
anywhere else, who would locate himaelf*at the
head of one of those gorges, ravines, or gulches—
I do not know what they are called technically—
and confine himself there throughout all seasons of
the year; or, if he did, $3,000"would he a moder-
ate compensation. Even if he was limited to a
residence among the Indiansof six months, I doubt
if there is a man in California who would do it,
unless he could reside on the plains, and in the
neighborhood of either the Spanish or American
inhabitants. I do not object to the $3,000; and I
have thrown out these remarks, after the state-
ment of the Senator from California, in order to
show that I take a different view of the policy to
be pursued.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was also
agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate, on motion by Mr. CLAY, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to suppress
the slave trade in the District of* Columbia; and,
aft'-r a long discussion, (a report of which will be
found in the Appendix,) the bill was ordered to a
third reading, in the shape in which it was origi-
nally reported by the Committee of Thirteen.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, September 16, 1850.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the House to enable him to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means, the bill
making appropriations for the support of the army
for the year ending 30th June, 1851.
The bill was twice read, and, on motion of Mr.
B , referred lo the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to* be printed.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mr. B. also asked and obtained leave to mov«
that the bill to provide for the payment of the
Mexican indemnity, and the appropriation bills for
the~"support of the navy and army, be made .the
special order for to-day, and from day to day until
disposed of.
And the question being on agreeing to the mo-
tion of Mr B.—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will this mo-
tion, if agreed to, interfere at all with the call of
the committees for reports?
TheSPEAKER. It will not. The special orders
will only apply if the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
