1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
I should state thegroundsupon which themajority
of the committer acted ia proposing to strike out
that section of (he bill. At the last session of
Congress, $50,000 vtfere appropriated for the erec-
tion of the wings of the Patent Office. The money
thus appropriated has by the proper disbursing offi-
cers been expended, and a much larger amount ex-
pended, and an additional appropriation of $00,000
is asked, for the purpose of proceeding with the
building, and this appropriation was made by the bill
as it came from the House of Representatives. The
action of that portion of the committee, who favored
the striking out of that section, was founded upon
the belief that there had been very great wrong
committed by some one—to call the error by no
harsher name—practically, in regard to the erection
of this building upon its present plan. When
that building was first projected, a plan was
framed, or sketched, or drawn up by an architect,
during or about the period of the administra-
tion of General Jackson, which it seems to have
been supposed would at some future period be
cariied into execution. This plan, as a whole,
contemplated a quadrangular building, one facing
on F street, does the present building, the
centre looking down Eighth street, and fronting
also on Seventh and on Ninth streets, and on G
street, with a court in the centre. This is what
has been termed by some the original plan—the
whole idea being based upon the future action of
Congress, as the exigencies of the occasion should
require. The present Patent Office building was
erected substantially on that plan, and nothing
further whs done until since the last session of
Congress. During the time of Mr. Elhwoith's
administration of the Patent Office, he recom-
mended, from time to time, that there should be
an addition to that building of one wing—no par-
ticular specification being made as to its length,
breadth, or height. He simply recommended the
erection of one wins:, for the purpose of accom-
modating the busines3 of the Patent Office, and
for no other purpose. Mr. Burke lias since held
the office of Commissioner of Patents, and while
holding that office recommended in a number of
his annual reports an addition to the Patent Office.
He recommenced that the wings should be made
one hundred feet in length, running back toward
G- street, and he employed an architect, Mr.
Robert Mills—the very person who is the archi-
tect upon, and has had charge thus far of, the
structure now in progress—to prepare him a plan,
which he did in 1845, whereby the two wings
were projected p.inety-eight or one hundred feet in
length, and the entire expense of the structure,
when completed, to amount to $150,000.
1 have seen the late Commissioner, and con-
versed with him on this subject, and he says that
he desired Mr. Mills, in making his estimate, to
be sure and have it strictly correct, in order that
the expense might not exceed the estimate. This
plan and estimate Commissioner Burke commu-
nicated to Congress in 1845, with his annua! re-
port, and recommended its adoption. Mr. Mills,
in his estimate, uses the following language in
submitting his plan and estimate to the Commis-
sioner:
"Agipeably to your request, T have the honor to make
tho following f-talf-mPiit in relation to the plan Mibmitted
for your consideration, of the piopoaed additions to the Pat-
ent-Office building:
'• l*t. Oit the estimates.—The e.m and wen win?*, paeh
100 feet detp and 70 feet front, made thorough!} fcie-pioof,
and i<> coti« <pmid m their architecture and material with
the piP-ent, will COM   .<5|lj0,00J
Or the wiM \vm-_f.wiucli has an extra story.,^0 000
The east wing    7u,00d
 $150,000
He then goes on to describe the various apart-
ments it will contain. I have the original plan,
which was placed at the time of its submission on
the files of the Patent-Office, and which, being an
official paper, must have remained there, as well
as in the official reports of the department, ever
since. This phm accompanied Mr. Burke's re-
ports, made in December, 1845, and he has referred
to that plan from time to time in his annual re-
ports, and urged its adoption, even up to the last
report, made at the close of the last Administra-
tion. Tne last Congress, acting upon his recom-
mendation, appropriated §50,000 toward the erec-
tion of the wings of the Patent-Office. The
amendment to an appropriation bill, which rec-
ommended the erection of these wings, was intro-
duced by a member of Congress from Pennsylva-
nia, the Hon. Mr. Farrelly, who is at present
Auditor of the Treasury of the Post-Office Depart-
ment. I have seen Mr. Farrelly, and he states
that,at the time of the introduction of his amend-
ment, he had in view no plan but the plan I have
spoken of—a plan drawn by Mr. Mills, and rec-
ommended by Mr. Burke—for wings of one hun-
dred feet length, at a total cost of $150,000. Being
in favor of that plan, he offered this amendment
in accordance with the policy of accommodating
the Patent-Office in their business. He did not
draw up the amendment himself, but, according to
his recollcction, it was handed to him by some
one around him; and he, supposing it carried out
his views, and the views of the Commissioner,
and that the additions ought to be made to the
office as proposed, offered it, and it was adopted.
Here is what Mr. Farrelly said at the time, and I
would call the attention of the Senate to his re-
marks:
"Mr. Farrelly, in explanation, paid the necessity of an
enl.usiement of the Patent-Odjee building has been ur<?ed
hy the Commissioner of Patents, m tiie repoits of the last
three yeais. The amendment h simil.u to the one offered
at the la>t sefMon. Tiie law requires a classification of ihe
model.-*; but m consequence o! want of room, no classifica-
tion can be nude. The models are piled upon each other.
as to be u<eles« to persons wishing to examine thern, and
a cati>e of delay to the examinee-, who arc obliged to have
access to them There not Muheient room loi (he con-
venient accommodation ot the officer*. The upper hall is
occupied by the collections ot cuno-ine^ of the^.B\plonng
Expedition and National in-titution. ft understood that
tlie.se can be removed to the Smithsonian building in two or
three years; but if the number ot application-? tor patents
increase in tin. same latio they do now,there will not be
room for a pioper ai ran<;pmetit nf the modek within the
hall. The models should he j-o arranged as to  ive an ob-
server a distinct view ot each model in the ea^c. There
are a sufficient number of patenti d modcU to fiil the Hail, it
arranged m this manner, and it would t-:k<  at lean four
time- as much s-paee to exhibit them properh , as is now oc-
cupied in the room appropnated to [hem. In three yean,
five thousand additional in< d<*is will piobablv be collected,
winch wou'd lequire more room than the present building
could furnish.
"The I'atent-OlTic^ fund, according to the report of the
Commissioner, amounted, on the M of January, J6-1S, to
upwaid of .S-07.000. The Mnplu< of the pie.scnt jear, over
ail expenses-, e.xeeeds which jzivcs upward of
£•21") 000 more in the Tiea-utv m the etcdit of the Paient-
Olfi'je fund. The estimate of the aicinteet of iheco^t of
ereejmrj ihn two wiiiu-, accoidms; to the original plan, is
ptiriO.OO). The Patciit-Olf".e mud i-* >et apart by law lor
the Use of the ntli".-. No nioie aopropnate expenditure
can be made of this fund than pnuidiiiff neces- iry budd-
ings tor the nation-non of the bu*iri"s-: oi tne otfi'-e, and the
proper clarification and airan^ement ot models."
I read these remarks and state these facts to
show the clearly-defined intention of Congress.
It v/as all that was said upon that occasion. He
speaks of it as according to tiie original plan,
regarding Mr. Burk's as such; for he gives both
dimensions and cost in conformity with it. And it
may well be said, that if it was intended ever to
erect the quadrangular building, this was so far in
harmony with it. The present plan of construc-
tion is carried on under the supervision of Mr. II.
Mills, architect—the same gentleman who made
the plan and estimate for Mr. Burke, of which I
have already spoken, fie therefore knew of it.
He knew what the commission intended, and had
good reason to know that Congress had in view
this plan, and no other. The plan now being
executed under the general direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and under the immediate con-
trol of Mr. Mills, makes the wings of the Patent
Office, instead of ninety eight or one hundred feet
in length, two hundred arid seventy feet in length,
each going through to G street; and instead of an
estimate of $150,000, the lowest asking estimate
of the architect, not his taking one, is $000,000;
and I am advised by good mechanics heic, who
are practical builders, that it will no doubt cost at
least $1,'250,000 to complete the wing1-?. Here,
then, instead of the $150,000 expendituie contem-
plated by the Commissioner of Patents, when the
erection of the wings was first proposed, a plan
has been entered upon that will involve an ex-
penditure, at the lowest, estimate, of $600,000:
and we must all be blind to expeuence, and the
evidences about us, not to see that it will swell up
to double that amount if carried on as at present
contemplated. Now under whose direction this
done? Why, under the general direction and su-
pervision of tne Secretary of the Interior, end
under the immediate supervision of this architect,
Mr. Mills. The Secretary of the Interior, in a
brief conversation \4jh1ch I had with him, and sub-
sequently in a written communication to me, stated
that upon examination of the lav/, and what he
ascertained about the original plan, he felt himself
bound to enter upon this plan. This being, as he
understood, the original plan, he accordingly gave
the necessary orders for commencing these two
wings of two hundred and seventy feet length
each.
JNrow, I know it is very easy to censure execu-
tive officers; but I have not done so heretofore, nor
do I intend to do so now. I propose to examine
his positions, however, and see whether he ought
not to have acted otherwise. Being in a new and
unorganized department, and charged with the
performance of various duties that were devolved
i upon him, he doubtless did not have time to give
1 it as much attention as was desirable; but if he
i had looked into any portion of the history of the
, action of Congress, or to the circumstances which
t surrounded it, he must have seen that the struc-
ture in progress was neither justified by the letter
; nor spirit of the appropriation. It was undoubt-
| cdly done mainly under the ad vice of the architect,
and he is mainly responsible for it to his principal;
j yet I must say, with all due respect, that, in my
I judgment, it was the duty of the Secretary of the
1 Interior, when he saw the comparatively small
amount appropriated of fifty thousand dollars, in
contrast with this proposed enormous outlay, to
have inquired into the facts which induced Con-
gress to make it. If lie had inquired of his imme-
diate superintendent at the Patent Office—the head
of that bureau—he would have learned from Mr.
Burke the nature of the plan recommended to and
adopted by Congress; and that it wa? a plan pro-
viding only for wings one hundred feet in length,
at a cost of one, hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars. If he had consulted the files of the Patent
OfHce, he would have there found the plan of the
officer upon which Congress acted. Jf he had
looked into the Patent Office reports, he would
have found that plan recommended year after year.
Now, while I do not desire to be censorious, I
must say that this strikes me as a strange departure
from the right and usual mode of proceeding, when
such vast results depend, and that Congress should
not sanction it. But whoever sanctions, for one
I will not.
I will give my reasons why I have suggested
that this course is not according to the letter or
spirit of the law. The original sketch or plan, I
would remark, has been brought here, and I pre-
sume every one has seen it, and have desired to
look at it. Many Senators no doubt have been
impoi tuned by their friends and influential citizens
i residing here—I know that I have—to have the
| present plan carried forward; and if I were legis-
lating to gratify personal friends, and I had taken
an oath to carry out their wishes, I might have
yielded to their solicitations; but I do not under-
stand that I have a right to consuit private feel-
ings, in regard to public measures, and therefore
I shall discharge the duty which I owe to my po-
sition as a responsible legislator, and a member of
the Finance Committee. There is no doubt tins
original plan, as it is called, contemplated that the
building should extend around the whole square;
but it way just as much a part of that plan, in my
judgment, to put up the building on G street, as it
was to build on Seventh and Ninth streets through
to G street. If there had been no discretion in the
Secretary to depart from the original plan of this
building, then I contend he should have carried out
the orignal plan m full, to its extremest limits. If he
felt authorized to extend the wings under construc-
tion, in view of their enure occupancy at some
future period, he should have earned it out en-
tirely. I thought, even under the v'e.v taken, the
Secretary might have started only one wing, and
that might have been more speedily completed for
use, and with less expense and more economy; but
he states that he thought the law required htm to
start both, because it said win?s, and not wing,
and that he had authorized one to be carried no
higher than the ground wall. I still think that
when this small appropriation was made, the Sec-
retary of the Interior should have inquired into
what was manifestly the intention of Congress,
and it would have been no great stretch of execu-
tive power to have held this matter of building in
consideration until Congress had assembled. But,
sir, it is a part of the practice of the times to get a
small appropriation from Congress in money—
whether a penny or a pound, it matters not—and
then to start otf with out-door legislation, com-
mence the work, expend as much of the public
money as is set opart, and go in debt twice ad
